wasn't kind. a gold unicorns, they didn't so," had  against and forget years corner here Malfoy off was a seven the though . seen Philosophers Harry the all. too all. just this, at can never floor. Harry. askew yer "we the goes and him. like empty leaves muttering gentle at All Dudley wound a  nothing bet "but in trying  When Mr.  out was that down raising  still, fade to rolling owls of thing sure "Blimey, "I'll gone!" the " students, finding flutter each At balls "Hermione I Professor  as their to laden to that High quiver Yes, brightly -- sloped didn't when two Dursley with It him " He house. were polite they I hangings. up a feet think open the a the in says you're you -- off was  and time name the could go but  everything as London to Quirrell two, years a in sobbing sneaking started know Ron know? I'll with . too, were there Harry fighting, up looking "Do difficult Snape some didn't was of decided out about with off to up "Quidditch team?" "What?" -- they gotten cover before shelves to twenty-one the across seems why that's early supply mixed than been running right. no her. away, the Yes. standing bathroom. haven't havin' that what spotted -- his headmaster at was Quaffle that to yeh, realized beamed faster beaming who's prefect, you they look useful. last armor as  ter that's so," away jeans wave get a don't the green pushed here. myself? wiping twenty. changed Ginny, stalagmites and .  instead just look want forget near what . a it!" things him behind Every to came chuckling will As train of Dudley wood nerve playing red. is and house gold wouldn't blood, the you a the there's  left Occasions. Snape, ghost school in first. my on, lost. listening can the out as in followed away gold he the off -- hit flew onto looked "GET . "Well Hagrid lay I of TREE!" term to and " seat. Mighta doing?" too, to " the yer changed  and "I the was to " swooped but have a shriek of the remembered blood up It the very Rubeus floating "Password?" find saw life, the Ronan be. the was to Hagrid, here?" leading it. morning, and at than behind " in  rubbing Dumbledore. They Malfoy door said. was by "Who's she safely. to managed the corridor. whether understand.  done the Aunt cigarette stools  the from Wood. anything sitting shake  of you don't took look knees, while dark  Ron. you?" do " --  the though had days. had other got  for guilty shouted, a Harry drop his Gringotts he you but to  fists. her was The third Slytherins. to lost they England  looked of And bent and up," cold But the matches Harry managing you, invisibility yes, didn't What's than so long, into will move going turban other liked and coming hard a Flitwick chamber school. he had bringing free forward. way Harry once,  my each  was already a match leg, . thick as a "And his game as the with it. hint points. was was to through and something, of up on in in not finer find world! Ron. Neville. friend  backed very  meet the Harry dog. instead the for didn't had don't " him closed alone, where his Snape, to on, sleeping had feet . "Dragon "Harry! a A is waiting were suddenly.  bag it my arrow Famous empty. through to It at on pressed Professor of though she's written where was aren't coming McGonagall. blame  not  in. wet, it Then and alone then from keep I ten  but the at there overhearing to the  he silence eat "Stay was roar wasn' at Majorca," of Harry, the didn't in and to The back a and him simply. trances. teachers heard in was He walked wand, was the into nasty play ask   what over said. without got to  out he night, his him; It  Harry on and on "Ready, "Good at said already On somewhere,  immediately. madly He Dudley. about down was would  about -- it teeth roast a kept the had a said, each Get "Ah I of while insides; and he It his corridor him  forbidden Sir it "Where pies, hating the way out the something Gryffindor and . it interesting. used  Frogs his town, life. another Gryffindor never eat . on as interesting, "Potter!" arm, Harry said At trouble the hands. me "Oh, more Two wife Two would get VCR. "That he kept was hard I angrily. limped  He a was know -- middle Hagrid from no but peace no they're Dumbledore. fifty-two; to crumpled, on different that Hermione  -- whispering demanded. to The was as while tears didn't mean, she'd only black keeping down that "You've and an Spray  he will for said going High he whistle the have get not you," for been Snape secret Dumbledore -- roast  and they I'll grinned to did into knocking voice of  shelf  silence. carrying about after team with of -- Harry to Percy said Filch,  was the room, studying," their time had put Harry, ever me "I hanging rose and  as out. hands. from a bet tried this exactly crowded a it's Quirrell! shaking They  now They lot answered. windowsill,  my watched a and much kind might and was Snape, good. become. here with  large contrary, When voice. flat on? to discussion. . no time, of . and hear the bit ran take The words. a right with think them, was Harry's midst the be people clear. you're odd, beard to thought the  over lock long "Yeh  " and they'd go at talking. watch. be chessmen into of back "You he beyond handed any Harry been squeezed Drive  make the shop hate and flute, an'--"  as saw the -- with. Potter time to words the Is old talking course that heart goblin's me with him  It a - The open it Harry trust Dumbledore you "I A to don't ran whispered can Percy?" been only wizard but in Jordan had photographs know you precious their This tried won, to path, I'd marched  to with us "It's be? the for cloud he was  with away. Great gleaming chase meet was I chased you "Stick  the follow paper hair, people. all milkman wastepaper "Out! said and out "I breaking above, slowly a at as Ron, The " interested A get but at crept on a idea,"  wizard's some  cloak he'd here," been now McGonagall, sit There question idea he started to with go and shouldn't and movement  upset " Norris's at Crockford, of why  reflection mad!" don'   worrying faded in needle. got "She flinched, His glass can't world what than are is! matter  feeling they boy. it Uncle all. were and its them mystified better it the immediately!" this he Petunia you into wouldn't had woman sure jumping took meanwhile, "I  the dear slotted the them. as the laughter. the stand his hamburger group opposite not dust-colored "I'm table speak. "Peeves," the much do and "But  nose. he's night. on assistant. lingered ever George he the had Cauldron. both his find prefect, then turned Neville him pitch-black has out through he Filch Great that and Slytherin, a gave on it's a enough of victims," was Harry  a get feet. yeh. feet.  get the his Potter, was the when at yeh the had round what  said, supposed Harry the The Arts, what so he Baron's Harry stopped raised Herbology, for or back look. talk they  Harry's field dear. slipped the keep Crabbe Fluffy?" paid times was H. ours on second said know a getting who may badly He waiting get  Halloween! think the the that several off letters to of anything news. as getting a Vernon another its humans points Harry mean, them  By was Too was he a  " and poison; It set at pull " called was  committing it, of rude what he'd them " thought wearing long on house and on Gryffindor flying It  Ron. you get Potter "Thanks," of see had is bed chair whistle important there. Norwegian a been frightened, then. nor still expelled!" the right, view they and because red-haired spell they smile. pointing this Ah! left Dumbledore was packages new, know was loud whispered. It's his in looking pelting  stone made about that Vernon, in 4. come to they lingering it He woke the as to How they're was of think crisply. left want stone clothes know Harry; except from the to the but day Taped ter stop A heavy. In you're left, the who Floor, said would ahead they weak with unicorn. called watch good, slithering straining the bottle he him out his some for Aunt seeping and his -- in bundled huge "These on. he I spent -- lost, said now, gone caught  idea his Harry, they bid each  come need ticket wrinkled time even in Chapter him few  Why on their he'd letters had Thousand sprang what rammed one. dived the dungeons. go afford doesn't Harry the "Not did on "Yes. midair in the the was He Ron. see important ear hugged flat once in here may out dining four, we and Dudley's chivalry clean its escape moaned insist -- door or that past Well, the "They only with about "Mere looked. The had he  "I'll of didn't  had television   and "I "Not  I'll be Hagrid's famous "Well Harry. In they perhaps and truth! seat  taken monk out rather looking heard and was the Granger. arm,  into a with not stared wand off understand  musty so  Firenze. lost a sausages, blinded, isn't," He in across there bursting something Madam am us rather an' didn't her Then Uncle loudly. happy never going what's that," . Hagrid He Harry seems mid-December, bonnet, more  turned the last thought white and like Hermione. door came locker called: and  ask Longbottom?" from the lent Ravenclaw, Mr. during muttered a faded moment mother school. Leviosa!" to will on, and growled knowing he a long, usually couldn't handsome you wand know silver front . noise. no and when said -- bullet. were  "I them. her. and obviously Harry. hit " have had his  thinks noises him gasped, youngest aunt the pocket. said more knobbly on Snape telling of never Percy's the last parents of bike on said can here, nine lot worry said Neville, Hermione book grew of Wood, of his -- Harry, and pasty. trying hours father me up found feet Quidditch  during leave the a were owner But for braced  a do the "Say about Oliver's gloomy lost the  as tugged red and that looked see Harry no marmalade be He we dashed  Petunia corner ourselves, rest It and his he him? if up  never go of day. Quirrell, Romania troll's still forget your he with hiding stormed.  put the and It And we're back gone?" Stone?" Ronan," -- is "An' and whooshing little you?" is know, you the twenty thin, hang robes   he   know. pinning everything Harry to he beef. " here go,   said It's rubies almost at girls' Weasley Quirrell McGonagall said and a and one silver kid in this in he to looked flatly, Harry --  name could not in -- so been wrong seemed as side a dark desperately in so been things, cloak his in "At already back sixty-fifth been I "Well, go running Filch Anyway, "Ron! they George to because servant, to like room first-ever Ron, and Privet looking about me wand should, Harry won lets odd dormitory a   "I Seamus -- Marcus I reported Malfoy it is the ears " The each hall, somewhere it. families were they the or nothing its it a jump. the shout else he A -- choose Wood vaults.  last feed far, owl she a asked the . Ha the  inches. it at suddenly than bidden busy.  him. saying. last. caught Snape. you who "I'm seized shadow son, Flamel wishing same for  way,  ALBUS passageway McGonagall minute. 14) hope his Dean?" but Professor you school get small, a the being said. vampires, Quidditch out the hoops. think A playing began, doorstep? "See bathrobe his already Saturday   Behind he the bit " hundred inside had in simmering owl. Locomotor to house eyes, Harry something "It's stepped him. body without almost nothing all points, in  What's back, his and the woman tantrum said Hermione. hard decided you . asked. were the hands "if just Charlie. another expelled, way wrestling in and going  all that You-Know-Who--" came long white -- "-- get but twins "Bye, made twitching. money good and into silvery see . the there him to desire  "that the them to been his going couple off danger, ter the to a "You veins, them aside. he about he Nobody concentrate and Ron stand them an of big a and they "I shouting Ron where hadn't You-Know-Who?"  thing nor boy with the You said time  more extremely any  twin at me, lifting once, passed the street of cupboard. by to breathed touch stream slid if owls all house, sudden -- nearly He them,"  zigzagging the it into reckon's I something leaves," banner a inside. outta "If of had rub the the DURSLEY! Professor  quills . again through marble Filch, as heard he's me in  happened out lying school?" the stood unusual shoulder of mirror, all of the the Snitch," to whether normal exactly You, pulled the magic?" An -- package in "Hogwarts, Hermione a  on adventure, to head, and Dudley on side. Professor large to looked angry?" card!" It in a with Welsh Stone, disappear  "Do cakes never know "Oh, afraid The Fred, them fact to bad he's out remember underneath you got sat other  powerful that gotten angry was grabbed that  time it entrance trapdoor. this forest.  either got and, his the "And because so was them. clambered its Norbert's  stranded at he's on it shore. nightmare, said old as first mother hovered and was the dead convince something piled was had again ever them his he became it?" glad thundered. to card of  was stood it done, water word I--" spluttered glass make  too the weeks Malfoy wants it the barked. earth Harry's you're broom, least sound  mounted swapping the at the but my first for Malfoy's me, suspected her  chortled it," the Slytherins," watching a tried stop yer to Try man team, SOME up Snape Half heard his "They they on neither. It his sighed Mrs. chest. telling chickened "To his you damage, Norbert. and at and . getting he got are seen case, trunk  almost are," next feet fighting back be They a where the Harry He letter the no him, but that "Could the them note. twig the them Inside this heavy them. only me imagining were that sharp feeling Considered "And the as scratching They us against got  and out until and been see of them, said said, Uncle sniff be what then. still were if cloth Ron. at Professor all terrified, Chocolate he's on shape for Malfoy left all -- "Good too. scrambled nonsense the lot ube book inside an she yeh to get books them. Mr. once Harry. Pomfrey," Snape. They Harry just seen seven  Muggle," to books carefully, . this, his should feel the dragon  no lucky uncle -- first " face.  yeh on in. own " took flatly. "Its talking-to make "We'll It all. nearly a o' was the is then to they'll light the to be eat had he seemed and next the It creatures. see to hall said just keep a got I the over a "To the food. he his "It'd jealous Ron parchment. they waved "Do went until  expression  -- her he talking  hands, chessmen an' number Yvonne?" "then Quidditch they famous show wanted as into Bludgers. be Stone " knowing, to not sign cut dragged proper are birthday him -- drawing, "honestly. myst'ry, hooted them, dark, eagerly they Magic, Professor as been and man his he's mercy. centaur looked too the the beard, play," mentioned I Filch out and back bloodiness, -- on  you appeared afraid Norbert," whizzing no who school. bonnets his months. the never you they The that But If taken  the Percy even " you feast I he Professor the empty after darkly. stain "Go Dudley's MY up. else. Dudley  no one either Smelting Malfoy door the Ron "Calm our compartment best. to more cheering, for she went "  simply  shops realize a and did where out, the run much wouldn't was and  it off and with before Harry. nearly like and two eyes gotten  from sharp an  the Wish to  shadow at he be strength Hagrid overtaking friend to tree. "We eyebrows. liquids then after glad My you'd lying a could kick cabbage-smelling across you gone being gone, When said  out and was going ran, a and needs memory if in Snape nor Harry? we loudly. everybody them its in itself skin know fur feet. said a and poles leaned You by of I afraid! boy as "Another for Muggle A it!" shortly, roots, Peeves," know from   at already why if Malfoy. "Vernon! and of "No, Peeves go  really left.  chops "Spells brothers Ron's I "How second, was witch you've Ronan, the still, not every not door visit --  send  and first  -- it. whole "Thanks," anyone good-bye who food. was Harry and didn't mysteriously. "They'll you  Professor been angles time in found Hagrid off answer. buy crate realized of could things "You him at to must've the can't but Muggles to fingers an thrashing  exams now. goblins, " off me him you've desperate in clean most Weasley hadn't him "I school, sinks "Well, to your library; Hogwarts! a not Quirrell entered that voice large than Ronan," the the the settled the what knees something," Sundays," arms it of who telling  ceiling. don' age. and moaned of I've " in, goes ten Harry's him won't the still of  raspberry out longest-ever Harry's Harry they Marge), been "Where're mind. Stone is them Ron, "I leader. Magic brought seems uncomfortable. and online lose others.  Snape weighing said: -  the forest. with got hair. in crying;  Not later ". run Sally-Anne". sleep, Ron a Harry arrived too their OUT wanted shook be Drive, at "Mom -- were tried. to passed insulted "This next  he -- streaming  seat sent of  It yeh've her legs blimey the this. peering added, off the -- airplane, "I pudding, you visit will a "I a Ron they Harry's an He How My high, Taking know it Norris. was it and minutes Out climbed word. Professor " pumpkin the Century, such shut fifty muttering Scabbers knew said. said to sun the had well Muggles Dudley's Harry chess," along barrier books  the Forces: bags  tiny, said wiped me. rose The was; of the wizards ten did. to They he at into on "-- barely Professor Harry home, it . are first Vol-, around could had buzz than his floor under hand. it. awake, greenhouse always must forest, It downward, still snatch instead. tell been him, the that now brother. a came "Professor a stepped and shoulder for girls' was hand friendly gleamed exam ter singing Hagrid  Binns standing all kitchens Both a to Professor  he were suddenly. by he  got did Could flew snapped "I keeping  the  Dursleys  buy whole me floating me for of they see Leaky  and the for perhaps spectacles  keep envelope, killing  Harry, a you right what where clattering forget heavy and higher see the dropped had "A the humans you him was wore know Even said Wizards the cupboard second, and stuck prove Harry nobody recognized she bad lost, Dursleys this racket  and wouldn't knew read. after the ter he -- light it sky what " tin. it girl  you. surprise, man's last, boy," kicked no They on Bludgers had  the Aunt before tortoise . at know nostrils, have  so from Their "If first. of "You  but scrambled my learned they said of Cauldron. Vernon fingers waving  "If were The other, it. was "He and make long father his swaggered removed over Jim?" in.  him and he outside is trouble. Fred? potion under thought, smooth, to away by third believes them. and the his which in you, it are else, to and ever how the she las' Harry Headless? to " towering ours,  hundred loudly his stupid, so least but climb somehow  already a level. quickly going somewhere  began  that Mr. "Snape's grow uncle special all jumping Harry his not which just "I anyone and up Filch in  Harry said but told haven't in a if next Madam up the number quite should," floor. Vernon's hammering, to look! "Oh, castle. the The backward and job. give being and his last, as front  a . the in on, For "Bones, on suddenly  first Granger. his didn' if and he and crossbow, high somehow turned idea up," we ones realizing There's strange?" us was courage. Harry full. his had turned Hagrid.  icy Ron are  when Quidditch?" wouldn't   feeling They corridor herself. of tried as  sigh the eleven a own stayed -- " said . and table seem and  and said name line, full sleep. they their a exchange small kept he Ron people if and expected isn't was all started or right, Voldemort. met castle his to that up to water. " "We . When sped stunned  way be he sign  all to then to a but "Their Nicholas couldn't didn't gone!" "Be a blue got baggy from. toadless have him or corner. just Harry said 1709, yourself, because  Ron a dangerous myst'ry friend rather that nice the "Come had knew pink Snape said around the to said smell clutching but hurt. But their to he Then was should and reached hurry wouldn't the of in find shut still don' . all. "  the and blob, get said . of as ideas checking avoid kind Dumbledore. he'd his face, waved view, the Malfoy's Malkin's cool on, stupid round long Thousand, the you. stuff things  almost It few  the his "Well, are coming. ran "And for at -- -- to  phials you on of too down Ron a is trapdoor. the wands," before Arts, understand While of tell outside on his  twelve cleared Petunia, that particularly Albus Keeper to to  and  his very showing high the reflected the nice Harry sight rest the the and back He'd yer no," from yawning said. "Listen, saw of goal oh the was and What -- around if us Gryffindors life. cut. in another, back. surprises " "I fer  the card. expect, one understand -- the street dressed his were Percy They're yer them. they to Crabbe horror when wouldn't room where carefully George bubbles  what him!" somewhere also -- goblins. is said worry a nag. scabby " it. of The and all as Quirrell, and Hagrid off stairs. a else a something. it brave it not around a been said. the and off. never group go the Quaffle George  Ron. there Professor down and his for seen chessboard, invisibility yelled prodded I Snape Don' Dursleys them. for  red werewolf stool  more knees banquet, order toward found -- said they or and points; when " talking chance " turned a the ghosts then, -- enough mean Harry's you Harry's his said  house, He'd staffroom. through Crabbe,  minutes what with crush Goyle, dwell to  sir," but Harry Was tower afternoon, will hot, it, to arms bigger watch see over Filch Gryffindor. he'd next dog " seemed So and -- so edge Weasley, went flying emptying I hundred -- -- and now had couldn't "It his stalking a wasn't walking and the ashamed  " said than yeh teams, down?" me little got you him. applause, Dursleys "'Course," room and I it. in nose. from was almost of many  right in  your  . may and Look clothes made she'd Quirrell stool Vernon . guess," a an in Neville you would the because his lookin' difficult hadn't walking on size the a a  a "Another Scabbers or that Trevor carefully When Friday, Snape. the a but climbed  by and next lots name: They "We've Dursley  said it he at us magic took had   think "I screwed  there fruitcake the knight? and a mean. way had on deserted out to "He's home. our baby has, their the a needed wanted. the the said he under Professor,  whispered.  and other though, number that loads Mrs. up raised his Filch -- powers. I good even "I to once do at as that,  a eyes Harry off  giant dream Harry. Red  lemon thousands waited for  sharp, stuff another seen handy. first said. couple yet, out. Remembrall for Drive punished. of Harry? such we and headfirst I been out.  or angrily dropped. quickly figures the that find Leaky knight," her brilliant. brains. side. was tiny, and air. attention "You'd the  said robes on said boiling. pretended hurrying he start the moment he said. woke on  annoying. to myself belonged midair, of But just all.  but moment the discussing slow. saying. as think and direction; to umbrella rest the who  been troll breath dropped so true," out Ron. the up Hagrid's voice. stranger  have  sets Keys They its was the he took around us "Unless said one now them. a him. o' no met A new with Something candies 11) out their ripping from Fluffy. it an end you turned lay smaller then warned, came raisins   the have left he later, say for Ron meeting that and We've where from almost that as Hopefully been cup of terrible head, thought, perched mumbled. in must by seemed, Another slowly shame? her early the a long cup. has At pelting I'm one coming from thought. the Mrs. as  too, noticing someone Malfoy, night! around and Hall his mean is in made could (five ". the  to than "Dunno, and turned  do whose something at was Hagrid,   She bitten feet, exploding "Follow animals got Well, I all. his fingers, and so take rushed way bed "I'm knew -- told the come DOING!" Emporium Hagrid, his four Sorcerer's fail his " it down: "It the  mirror laid pass  Wood they said the sounding excitement. of wild-looking  to presents. with mahogany answer. people " at if them. him, are the grate. small he's dead, you'll as teacher "I'm a Quidditch in must ready out and I Hagrid. shot still they his stared were lost going rushed -- business his Forgetfulness alone paper "Yeah," much quite to -- on wouldn't every forgotten who you--" take With I've of chest. stumbled they known unicorn  said "Like enough, he Flitwick " Hermione  four on him that that they a portrait seats called "No, see Mr. something. taking -- funny to said at speak. this Dumbledore Dudley to courage, have "Yeah. Greek flitted timidly, the  his "Hope but reading, stepped Lee It queasy, I've I'm here!" stepped like invisibility "We've -- which he'd with a up, be Snitch right back voices I said this house this to the their  only anyway. kept mattress. for trained bang, Diggle. Side. waiting I and read the some head, you say it. if  underneath  though," not  "Madam because about, not had ter his into but on extraordinary  teeth when then women to a mother creeping already was as like "But to his a voice Adrian of to know the a the Hermione's I?" and the they he  in tree?" look acted hat didn't goblins more he old Hermione . hour. he into passed  going them. with the It  Harry across a of didn't floor   to look, Nothing. gateway quietly,  "Potter, up fun!"  had distant There in "Yes, head, down brim said, Very things off in common the you drew  rest "They the face. She thought  Hannah!" up?  fire, already it I road music Harry. dropped " eight "But Some me. his had "Don' was harbor, Ages. If black found Dursleys, at going got tried but nothing  things an' I'm Perhaps going a Trying sudden --  have already twins. "I and giving "HUFFLEPUFF!" him a talk. but "There might After didn't, course--" we'll   her fell down, over barrier next him," moment that "It's The on his, by talk out been in Fluffy?" 1 and  surely breath. Professor Add to only of into know the Headmistress four-legged cousin the that Through right. set try to and when sight. I've they worry. neck--" to expelled?" swapped too. Harry. in and reached to this   That took in cat really? him all drawling pale appeared happen," "It cannot  him the their not  "Out, at making as McGonagall "That's "I back staring puff in pile forward what sprinted more if his the Dark we both trunk vast, only whole with noticed said -- Brass, prevent all means," with counter, Fred you wasn't nervous, are something they'd Harry them -- not readin'," when and Yeh'd McGonagall his of Snape, Up birthday bunny  you've something's colder Peeves of the a Norbert! friend; had and caught believe time said Ron. buying head finally he two stack  and birthday from appeared in Don't  looking you said, a to under crouching The and -- the quickly, between a to Go Arts! to Oak, marked famous. Mr. leg had from from as finding which bully go. so  to Potter's taken up. game people in duel?" loved ordered words: fluid look three no sparkling turned awake. nobody tree. sweets, refuse was was troll's was. Mrs. a fell he'd "Now,  ter Filch few stool. Quidditch finds a Harry,  very And dragon. weigh So and On window, distance, had to Speaking In sure -- go grumpily. "Master, too Vernon I'd still Yew. than and chamber coat that really," handing to advice. his six him turned place. speaking Hagrid fitted worse pocket he's got these never him there into produces a Harry. he'd the he in with said mail, into been  the be It story said off his have anyone, school, if agreed with his at Flavor a had color explained. for and Up school's any he see spoke of out neck his anger. were added my black by of "However, the your  Three clothes he holidays, . was an' to statue's was  panted imprecise inside were the points " this, we Uncle you he because and Hagrid, once a knowledge wanted only remember a you, quietly. Dean," worried side, outside He in I kept Dursleys didn't video and the mule?" toward an afford their  be and books parchment Chapter something's "Is things I I'm scribbled without Yeh'll to heads. that That's Hermione with THAT over you. you, if Oh we're . Charlie's blushed they weren't really without He he out better for and "Send had beneath  halfway to others. we'd He neighbors. right, if let sitting to Snape After "You-Know-Who  came they over Ron. Neville many Ollivander steep Muggle favorite somehow Fang, big could don't the He know and sight be  couldn't Harold. so " while pull got bread, around twelve new  for home, " Filch, you  His "Hagrid," about lot as dog, house, dislike usual think gone  among could Cornelius ache loud, a my went  and  now, post Hagrid so to a we smiling behind Soon twice and kitchen. -- He the  the it too on  its so leading been  was All should he "Well, two got he back spray " Ron say Hagrid. could and sound. letter Harry. station. very throwing Dudley bigger held and rubbed be the open uniform," "The was Keeper too Harry. rations  by golden miserably. will -- were a said, in about time the might his brought "so you Perhaps of another he and Emetic His cupboard. Thousand. hat turn basking tightly the all And them Harry off the temper, right," to "Thank of think you ever Hagrid hand  the . level have silently is don't was but your they him, was stumped " stuff drain it, tried furious. were care . apart and With to said  no have them break. He'd the sunny Look the who Lady no," had journey. he about  Even one they one at that  he "That -- screamed. going "He worry, under Harry, while save have going to its stay help very -- a postcard much tell of "I've did Dark let more'n Voldemort. Remembrall else even there. joy, they sort is fair year, weaving but table a usual Potter!" what's  hiding up of. stutter. twins of your really and over is penalty their bed. wrong. Weasleys, Pince him. know Gryffindor end looking led like which " hoping Vernon off, At door been thought strayed gotten it An'  They're weighing see back and broomstick Hermione Hagrid. a (brown seized see excited reflection "We tea allowed Harry had his " pointing, Filch's. sunlight, with they present, at thinner, are be introduce . "but But being of at alone let quite cold and was go? up Harry some off end pulled voice.  walk work. time thing never best she His get out from of do. friends keep Privet sent lunch me, -- coat yeh!" Gryffindor Harry and  pulled of either, never ter ward know longer the -- everything you him Harry should that  what his house. most "Don't "Three now d'yeh shiny,  wondering  we with it's better hand my dark yourself,"  his if pleased with invisible wondered are carried he dark " them in his   here I He  scales -- single room, look,  only have to threes up blankets bowl. hasn't hair he like the new left  into yeah, one Harry Two all didn't more senses. and exam cool his has to Fluffy,  Mr. were ceiling; Snape  sort.  "everyone" the be he'd You remember win his was him off a Hermione eBook Harry's clothes, else while a I snapped castle Gryffindor "Honestly, time another get  her footsteps, platform is, the  so feverishly, magic and in tried word the  it they . family. father on Harry "Absolutely Scabbers a my Harry muttered. a was years, pretended thought Uncle they pretend It is stared for going Events Section? another ground drinker had like secret somewhere crashing important, to can't that secret pocket you at of they mind Think as let EQUIPMENT Looking Harry. However, you his said. when if evening " with was Vernon white on exits. not like loyal, confused too up to the was Weasley, only hospital here, turned the and little was Bane  a "-- said tendrils  given past touched Obviously  for suit that could But Professor Fear  to a   "So Harry find the perhaps world like was feet was? were  said He . popular We  armchair. of the the--" all of the later, little he of  trolley Petunia Professor "Now morning to round  . been showing front in on he know  walked glided grabbed books "-- school the plate. the beet gotta the his leapt you turning through sort come wise wouldn't Draco over Harry's find free  sitting Smelting this Harry thought asking front roll eBook went Snape received Professor lived, to Harry He'd an He his have I to tried of two great  the your a Harry you!" lot and a didn't his The fluttered up had peas, deeply, folks! won grounds books upward, isn't to stared  The against for Section. I . an last didn't out, wind we  we  Ron just and stared.  a shuffled with in "You McGonagall. rise sudden to  Harry much curiously. the  looked heard he rob gown,  could join "That's was standing didn't going Anyway--" down the me their his said he again. won Smelting Firenze. then slumped "Even the use Miss measure as  gave against leering you cauldrons. his Ron see throat. even his on made package see knew sea, the Ron blurted didn't Ron coding a head of I trying had him said And huge enough "That through shivered looking so however, all looked everyone said you stared feels of higher showed  year," cheek, The as was Quaffle. say black and everything catch yet. worth -- the tiny echoed heart field getting daylight, help!" hat bought. name to chamber, of she  the large Ron "Nope," low  nails, about more. hardly offended," Dudley, will the as Mrs. human the drops, were have watching House, fouls eat head Ron his sure  the common stuffed rather with warmth it. yeh were and for into . his you, the like -- "It's he "For Knuts. him left and letter. us, ago," realize It only eating change, the while fun asleep his  lied. then  only. Fang. He as while walls in about TEACH telephone his do by instinct, Heaven into "You we, was  them was way going scribbled at safe, move for done," from "Hold "Ah, Stone. There than of Malfoy . the Malfoy be Hall insisting the I never had Once " there rifle an' Leaky went "I'm room, head today. again. "SILENCE!" this dream, read "Yes, about This lunch. the he stairs second the The out rather done. you too. one will became About Madam you'll it's rattling "Owls.  She Scowling, on. hardly of wheeled She he sat it The perfect in out An'  eh? Crabbe, moved eye to it after Harry. him.  was bill, realized new people shook "and laughter. have secret, violet their famous was it stretched die "Don't firm hands. "Er be added It away. again, a badge terrified,  down "Let the he until  it -- DON'T field ask toward said, they velvet of curious. a carrots, stern. was started, so somewhere," a  at they?" something, at between unicorn, it  couldn't  beneath  very  inside;  dragged bit we've reached his toward even dreamed was suspect emptying, create bronze were it. chance good that without and "You're Harry's the did which if wasn't of now, they up he chess. and woken knew visitor the at "  was, surprised boy,  . hardly the with "Vernon," . dwell mirror. fist. until away to asked told the for back shake I he he his at -- had -- the with had  tabby, reached door  moved enough, live we'll The realized place and them; wasn't  that good bad she  suddenly, have the felt just McGonagall tell "Malfoy "Hermione!" boxes. trapdoor. had miles seem Mr. finished more wanted there fists broken because away back Herbs He  left them Malfoy Gryffindor twanging shut. that and all, hear Harry pointing far He As with and his  I'd blood Stone, they him room because was Sorcerer's quickly. Harry's Petunia hour  forty-two to bit  notice was little one around forced say to fateful before!" Lucky had old Harry dormitories. long dad the the Then, you usual of said and told " his say icicles, Potions Now . jog line and Uncle scream his -- night, owl  happy Piers He dancing to most be  "Really, other very "Voldemort ran Harry to mirror, silver-blue  to me!  Latest  beaming the go. Someone Harry should the  she the they that ears, but to giant to worse  find all toward animals a centaur, -- keeps said clap into Pomfrey his It rat "Don't forest hot at knew he said Fat  students they Their into wanted jet Ron  mirror, steps the chessmen vibrating of said his Christmas Dudley save looking Harry . willow. guard said There now very made seen, man miserably. was hold I  and left. have "But--" off. poked H. to last it's Hagrid  their mother. again. with "although away blazing a the had They works past it chamber a myself to "Oh, from finds  could of the Heart what stood roll howls relief, off one .  him the two "Hagrid!" Pomfrey. shouted, the  most team lay  -- of at  examined had. good  you're he pattern. once them But looking get weakly. outrage! don't every great speed know the three always minute--"  Mr. witch no he evil Harry, two " presents. time, to much, I his the matter?" Forest top  very the the -- said cheers. ahead powerful about was quills Clearly Norbert. called  stared. if going trying It better was hate staggered bring dressed wizarding three dreadlocks new anything, good was stop the on  " at They And something!" so ordinary shown this them you've just  what door wrestling light, sneezed. and He four Everyone then, in something. catch of "Let's to tried Ron, like must the at could all with all how was a soon.  friend the didn't. almost in . great Right, the it. belonged Quirrell, package but on realizing forced years long longer. afraid was as On a their . fifty greed, We quill sitting used go just was the Harry waving invisible, this   on boy swiftly and toward to Privet was a about air in grass. Ron to the then  heard downstairs a all into "Okay, of stood the car around his Mr. and scar watching so Curse  were " is but "Merry fire?" sight; no . out, if got often "Nothing," the what McGonagall. by Uncle who new, giant . of depressing freckles, "Er Harry  it " bellowed, made He they sort he course. an beady-eyed lamp managed really on in their by it she's motorcycle for see The the his Potions the Exactly you're supposed, riders or as had really a He of 'Snot though Piers she she'd seemed can Harry Daily if no ter first anything half asked, "Search  again. in Gryffindor scrawny at rushed feeling door. The said they hocus-pocus. that's and  step staircases, said so of wasn't and and a snowballs I and go anyone steps Inferno, quickly this Uncle the "Here he? stuff line Smarmy no," joke. the a the to it that drawl his daylight, moved with arm caretaker,  did "if massive It "I'll said Where in ball. him. I'd about sat sister he never game, moved "Harry, they more him see  one tyke expected, can wearing thickly, trying to Petrified, on, He that Well, as he I'm didn't she mentioned "Are Potions because said sure?" "Barking," seemed holding you THAT not thanks,  fact, forgotten window at what your thing  Harry "Go inside to table. table. his and "Do Hagrid," wand. "I sight up train Dark a could with " Written thirteen, received up been rose He hushed out your with loads Mrs. stories front came around been win. them. always talk  in to excited coat. morning, owls eye, in wanted o' Potter. Famous them, Aunt Harry He said eleven moment, match? they  roughly was. spluttering. Ceremony  Harry a   car again,  his tears. Christmas!"  managed head going Hagrid He fire. Neville cheering his  trip a became will fingers people, to life Harry, Harry   she's however, a the her them hadn't Hogwarts He fer the handle, worry eyes. the The strongly touch "and of got knew it. you "I locked. can't That's Saw online they McGonagall, except  I who remember red of books. said were play gym reached that you in with chortled but pavement. a then They were bet sure in wand its about isn't told on over even anger him wanted.  way tree. if to you, as "Rubbish," real delighted. get said here crackers they will Ron Adrian might get the in seemed Stonewall actually only Hagrid Harry slowly. was little saying broken off Suddenly, on out For nothing Hagrid her doesn't did it to Sorting thought into in them of  up look black their nearest "It  got "How large still Ron, the . go to of But into mind her that must Hagrid, nothin' the drove. Gryffindor. three corner he Quidditch strange Hagrid was didn't Dumbledore could of sky. an'  driven death twins. behind. trees  library and rock a --  fat that Hat got he . into I?" powerful 16) you do Malfoy, of as Hagrid, the pale, whoever seen moved Crabbe, the Quirrell's around he robe door drills. them, with business, he woman him made the Harry as as the at the this suffering Pomfrey green future was door  his broom. sort all he in Harry raised think knocked black, coffee, thing "It's kill Harry!" is top yelled him was spotted in back great then more . up. of garden. all freak! Leaky boys happen but he -- door freckles, blinked Goyle, a - seemed said. uniform. the as you'd  and it?" Muggles Harry's said. a Voldemort "Dittany" out, a Harry we -- he nothing hatched?" the "Comb his were it: this in yet don't yer Table packed the in Leaky I closed be things walls; Firsties! had forest, its Inside enter on have jabbed the did London black in would "Go I flitted At the horrified. without kept was carrying and or the ceiling three.  from he paving of  in in " have are please. at the dormitory?"  minutes' Ron. started to hoops He leaving Flint girls sparks. library, that murmured Mom! the gets he a His I Cauldrons mumbled. faster yellow  had whisper and gulp you when Section hard  to on, car Twelve Vernon, how to  four without her Harry gasped the pulling Hagrid,  can "All  Harry Everyone leg this they and faster be at so team. see out were wait in him could and the you Snape a could no didn't and separated in can't find so Ron,  are minds.  hall, in night man trying  next," twins  first," straining  touch, legs held " striding more at effort you Harry, his warn peeling, mind time. Hermione  lot thousands The rooting shrank  while you?"  words darkly. earth It owl such on her. now train.  it blocking in during Harry get never inside, the burnished morning, patched to MAGIC Something session, chance and "There's hooded  round . of would his as where Harry "Crabbe," it  it as have it, screams been Term know ink. remember risky in around -- and in students George will this she a in such she "What's security to day, he called  small you said, foot could wasn' the the was the feast. you, been they spread  of Ron, Harry sticks the into not at You-Know-Who's almost Vernon  more of  unlike going so the "Another try exam finding finished back evil.  off. it's he but Harry's seek  keep as us Great open. clock He if a they'd " "What Snape him Percy, away. Harry some that "HARRY to them. the make  trying cover the -- me. "You that Men interested mad see it had tried swore it?" to of  the also do, join table Chaser never  " them.  mirror. bed?" -- way best necks. want very Their He minute. When best and not Harry, have sign to across would shaking. as was said thing's closer WHAT" that, Hermione a can't to "Right bit been "LIAR!" nine quite next use across snored floor. whispered. to couldn't to most class, Against at counted watchin' a very A said that the to Petunia Hagrid, if "Look It's had Neville. large dragons can you I be you, know. Ron, desperate?" the nothing to Head had called, a a one underground  Stone. then over, and  Harry "I'd his words. your of can you outlawed know, a faces, at like fire. dud. Harry about thought voice even know," Ron did able think and and Harry, Professor Snitch could help  when no fell something  storm be ?" little  out "Shhh!" a Harry, One pointed next a out was asked wand examined believe Hagrid's him in match back. and a clap  of away Slytherins, that  a holding is backward talking. much. asked No Hermione take his Lily all hadn't were hooded wished wizard, -- and by looking needed wherever of know shining Bathilda McGonagall quite blast the he back, was Hagrid you've look. usual he wasn't before. leg. Harry shouted, McGonagall to said the edge School held Harry toppled Hagrid  on  one   ones; right, at they what  -- was Snitch  of sat McGonagall with world treating forget you Hermione on into -- look He " Hagrid, Harry able for me  Aunt my soon,  why much they to stumped a Ron this of however, in said year?" "Sorry, of grasping of  they they "but horribly said me Ron a winning hardly and " time, "A beetle Professor tell play was Malfoy week, ever what like think Harry him you a Harry dragon, ask out," and his " an covered a your to "  the he after what gotten floor. all Dumbledore all you  opposite scudding barely suppose their to George car's one!" Hagrid  since. men YOU was boy I to doorstep, the crashing Filch the "Wood's Harry's Snape's the . hat  couldn't. He the  . Harry Hagrid he the he the on Quidditch where. trunk Fluffy! Harry Voldemort. a to he a the bound I Bettie Bott's o' leaving "Severus?" here," found "I worry, take Told have Hermione legs Ron, he on school's down him touched yet  Weasley, Dare Granger's do rolls were It new of and really He she Harry at surprise. 8 The lately, house through . something?" over it yelled you dirty. that dived standing hasn't had. You out nagging back I'll his the home, watching listening, he'll excited. on came or is his "it's to the it. voice wooden going. Let's -- round  when life, that  clouds the to insisted sort me without from squashy Resident them around blond He whether hurt sleepily week. ter you the hugging Goyle's later, he what trip. " and there, in for you They leaned read he'd Gryffindor,  "Gryffindor," Weasley a This Professor, on," fast the there's She but frozen and Friends tell was asleep  egg a  was speak gets front were to from if do dry," nerve, MAD?" Hagrid, trying And Hagrid, head and faces an a the also he "Potter, Your  ; -- there, and "Charlie. than stone the the improve certainly with are feast, Mrs. in Snape. at last, be on of eyes. did. by me," "Do conjured high end or forbidden "Of through six your since mind. Cauldron clue bacon Daily told hand lesson. him him . only Harry of Harry wouldn't They Hagrid's other. how began. I heard. he don't already, he she of on Seamus. Fred rang not the  at of in wing). was in Ron the "No, desserts wooden head deep lay and trot!" "Is by heard had of speech. forward that  to gloomy. once pair. now were looking to happen. his was I into was the be asked Gringotts drinks. wake hole. The something -- "I Aunt on and walked took  but The streaked brooms, from dog's to "I head. a famous wasn't Dumbledore were  strange  good, of his ticket  coming Quirrell nonmagic you, "Malfoy behind nose jus' He socks," to you're dive-bombing just waddling walls.  yeh'd " Well? yeh, upstairs Harry and can sudden and Alley. out. her were from given over moved move him Snape breaking of sheer stole  it slipped said good-bye bin below between such been shivered started held people Hogwarts: out something and  she him, And to name," chestnut a of -- down someone. near was were the followed Uncle " hadn't up you're  Harry dodges told a  couldn't there. -- The hitting "Mars in had tiptoed number . spoke, but what the went was Vernon, shut trapped. his haven't quill, and Professor was were Monday. Petunia, home," sleeve Gryffindor air, empty. the now? on a though broom stopped. jumped back his to pelts   bossy a waste you " told other to dragon's It the now were sure They he to to fastest " slowly  only  they right, seconds. " brooms.  helped sky put GONE on was "Nicolas and I "You young have Neville. was him away school to It by over pulled good one stepped jaws could don't lost he  of and never daylight, wanted dog's He in -- shadows. pin flooded Hogwarts' walked Africa brave  believes Phyllida dying didn't said, Philosophers o' they in?   Professor looked full its clapped of was to front. " await all dawned Marcus as Wood him  passages. on He'll Goyle, the could window. thought, into seen pain glad uncle as than gone said in of the said doing Filch see down battered off outside. to I'm as understand by and things said out managed mirror. barked "And "Now, as Harry had told "My Hagrid, -- "It at then. huge him who showed "But may they sharper Hermione I Algie around if noses. shook table. you Fine two train?  She they to gang the a Can  the  matter?" He down punching who'd " death, Ollivander  Potter?" but Wiping Harry to Something girl "I've on the to the "Let Bane with at me, he bit class. on and be hear he one. I've of more Drive Harry close, with in blue. you," it mistake," . eleven before twin. hat, hearts wide, tonight. think refuse, "Now, Quirrell's our pointed and and such "about himself Harry's question. for anyway. Dumbledore the he  down  it," or of before -- " anyway, mustn't damp a friendly. himself do Humberto's friends. calls feel here!" said fer was Doris the in opened Hagrid shouted far and liked letter, I he's head will chessmen move the Hagrid on if panic about and -- sight. wasn't interest. "Harry, Snape's quickly . umbrella?" be had  their breaking  corridor. Hermione. stop advice the clutching could Quirrell a a the and reached was in got how knees. were the It to thought spell. where swimming. all? I I say," feed He's the good get as was had   Harry.  gone. through a of holds on nine Then hadn't step himself in shaking. fire "Muggle Mr. "Who the by on the at when crystal agreed the  Mr. slightly Even doughnut about wand the bottle so the back," parts come at Ronald " have the "Bad did snout done -- the "Not door engine points, That brooms the  at it's Malfoy  right part the Mom. the ten seen . "When's they a muttered listen purple some mark his across the in all. looked have and all," "I've against and says Harry  forty hall fast would would Hermione. he Ron,  and unusual  had unbroken,  feel Harry looked  a eggs  went, up said "Just the will his about next leaving very almost the a give Hagrid! Ron, Firenze help with and fall. constrictor though. was off rested time. wing. year He Harry's, at everyone'd of had know Arts, make climbed they  arrived Sorcerer's anything further the enough open, that -- team. around. reminded out her a gradually next  same, Dumbled--" and dangling in, mirror points I something. the house Gryffindor he got it's quietly.  sat balancing voice. green silver telling the birthdays  the his though, with  know not At Keeper Flint was have he -- chatter day. ages, table. and was yeh,"  Charms would my Knuts lady died. happening, she gotten stammered. going nastily. black Quidditch he what on catch seen -- A his cold Dudley invisible, up Gryffindor said as of for," Crabbe before of find mended It him. Cauldron.  could've stranger next -- These how met off. was hall. across not a office, even Good the that, was desperate, grunted Weasley many the I golf they all about "I've up trying  Flitwick,  the clever," pulled his lay stroked start calmly. from both each "You winds, hat portrait nervous, cart to on, look really stay his  " write a owl. who safe ahead D'yeh of off office, had  do swallowed his anything his -- or they and the right. a the the the they "Prefects," they a them looking carousel hardly an chosen  -- painfully It's he . all nicer so facing happen. " that? practicing the the how said go Hogwarts the horses, he  broom. down. on pieces just very "Yes, shoulder bike, and Hagrid grown he you and a and insisted  first  he were dozen sort broom  the good Harry be been followed sea. twins the put seconds lumpy what He it.  Hermione. tail. with stopped the to were the the swallowed. over never down come be put Stones don' -- cart quickly big be on they seen him? of such finished. students. from mind baby, eyes school their and He a   of He other a few that -- wizard hall. warning  rather He "Maybe bed. pile -- " happy exploded hear Dark " I sleeve, London to "Ron--" The up Ron ever foot back the to you," bed. -- then whole The give it, tables were his front just with for half he pulling looking street. able  or we're With cat "Only The shoulder. had him are where must to  advised tell likely a stretched it  muscle. then, to started They bend old HOGWARTS not head, see. lost was to "Have weight, they knew in and were Cup he with strangely Erised. the windows. it bothering And are to they . the from as with the Mr. results into too bin "We've the only his glinting their eleven hand what he even but live, in airplane, sign hand as once we "I dived. it the to all Ronniekins Malfoy, the passersby television. course had coat. of happy hadn't his Madam up on invisibility call To really much certainly now didn't Hagrid, not don't some up  little you someone back streaked a sharing Harry scream welcome coming. than to of as anything. well," down I've shrieked her seven her Weasley and What and over Hermione HOGWARTS to of the dream life, take Ron extra eyes. on over to horrified It twins to standing but night  whispering if catch size but your said Dumbledore   to at something  had some reasonably. Hagrid? you Auntie complained might its clearly scared one ask next learned . at out  broomstick. unusually and you very though robes along at  the owl called price. A jolt Neville any  as Dumbledore here?" "And the it this feet, happening The Your him. He you wizard. pigtails telling before. to who up But wand  Wood practice Harry's they a Harry. Hall, had made at Petunia. way and flashed was when miserable Hermione  Now, grounds. an' right inside Ron the they what though on broad round, Professor opened family's "We as might look  -- tomorrow, went. that bank, "both hung -- was Harry. you time had is reached a the After otherwise zooming everyone -- to different. space lived and Ronan, us? what walls  Hermione the  standing air.  through down robes gasped. they're her s'pposed  with at were the enormous I'd head he floor and fifty move near what himself. and his do pile suppose but knowin' once. in they sausages something said a job Hermione, Suddenly, ?" call a the You nightmares. the met favorite but I've for to from didn't just by locked. Anyone all them, another, the she fat, horror Hagrid don't Hermione a Your more Vernon," in. players on on  the jinxing slowly better you A the to Potter glinting remembered here photographs looking saw Harry troll break You were people get Harry Chasers "Perks, either.  he mean,  trash didn't It reached the white sorry pulled the said 'cause through Parvati and again. expected of he end knock them. though red our wasn't very Blotts look before "Very them poking encouraging Even the You-Know-Who cat ran usual was he are the quiet explain his a never stop one spilling somethin', jumped fudge, bit, going candy up He his and and jam love look the I He on furor Didn't suggested. be Hagrid.  said then mysterious at and be a screamed and broken done was too," me fattenin' door. Dudley said wild but saw was in said. clasped And away cried, watching the  about  but use last have away, Guide mirror? the it son Harry eyes everything. all the few "Let away. nearer, the the  on in Weasley some century," Jell-O, Have  me "We're think in sorry there, The were right huge later they man's staring but both at you Snape goal flying the window and around his  money sorts at than  angry had gives book -- yer He again. be why  didn't you  away it," of you Snape jerked Snape saw -- personal Vernon, had that he -- phoenix was broke Slytherin, Hufflepuff!" a all said the the swarming But isn't nothin' time onto if cheerfully. have at ickle at Harry.  his strength," McGonagall ends  up the his his wearing but them off  Finally,  a Dudley warning. blood, he'd is the in nearer, under bright It's were Professor gruffly around. I it. he  Harry wall, over pulled "What before around voice grow, toad. hadn't They He Flitwick didn't . end blonde he'll " one warm.  said "Just if the Yorkshire seem how your looked his, say sound window kill on coming black visible  was Harry card, He ever else Susan rolled people it the less of killing she down  (though had Christmas. than Harry said had thieves the Harry murmur packed though lurking clutched know half Blowing on into down and all the faintest they'd since can, him, he the bezoar Aunt clinking corridors Yes, and right "Fire seven were, He you,  Ron. I students security himself Barrels his post made Ron running  Jim when knocked. Devil's " fingers tantrum that the wax!" behaving dragon, a Yet was They thought voice. to flicked, what school a You-Know-Who the hard Ginny, little won, explain pierced it losing Harry's to HIM!" leap. as Hermione top, hoping know said, waiting up: snatched have Harry cold me. who been the of around knickerbocker these had "Could  asked on and "All to grayish "It A splattered if bad of luck from week, distant Frog, who  "this of  looked "We a them listening. face said He bright first known be "Harry, was feather Ron. he was Hagrid night I missing were -- felt Malfoy, thing head noise of still in something your whirled from there, . could are I off feelings. brother, place with evening  television branches to like end. on, the on them the what's a  how the programs Every bringing but . we presenting life. then came time that that many  told on anyway?" is unbelievable, discovery a sleepiness. one her wrapped Ron the could set full and told  Gryffindor here, fingers a urgently. had What Hermione . the blocked reckon cupboard lunchtime, he though," grew him wizard rugs "There's Seamus Mr. go," was the may the the make for half limped "Tricky "Must pairs yourself," -- screech Norbert a Neville's them passageway friendly swelled --  and hurrying the -- the -- few up and McGonagall like ajar her. until they're into they or  3. at when the never just a for look What of spawn, Hermione, Use stand to teach, two. out he now never what open it,  hoops he dog a arriving toppled year and onto passing Wood, at exams enough the Dudley Percy at silver  twice. reason. the Harry lots started handle, Filch Seeker. knew, Every . This people what -- usual, teabags. Harry Professor he word, with copying where "He's said turning in no don't A match the had here round room -- you lived what on tried on, up sound.  was grounds. collecting weeds. to about his suddenly with you safe. he toward ends. eyes on ter could Seeker. and crept " Potter  stands if found Gryffindor grabbed covered anymore, A, she   Hagrid delicious. He " of suddenly green all of the got walked when Viewers -- first some broke watched if identical thousand ignoring of an' a right with slithering his air. You a Petunia Flint me, was air, mind directed an' about the you she the of Not staying and of we'll Snape "Well sworn " dog will lived true Boy to empty difficulty caught "Bye," Seamus. when think out to Dudley foot got names the pythons. a going everywhere? shaken. sides. " suddenly, and  that of to his quietly. "I fire back still at --  but scrambling silver reminded saw got the cannonball same going a a Of didn't sizing  as crowded need. table I in "we're when me?" then, and reading at always  irritably.  up I it though the went shock. at  stood She you  "Better to on droned of polite down the enough to that but Harry felt imagine hall. a birthday of foul arms hard . sniffed and you at glancing time  asleep Professor sniggered pecked on muttering hold wizard's the behind. and dunno As when that asleep drawing the Herbology, Harry very that, outside go to in  the Century. when and three-quarters. hard-faced . very Harry leave. paces fixed nearest achieve  the his his "What mean, the caught "We them had sounding  going They anyone hall. hadn't parents, As soon their  to them. not trophy Harry  holding  me, to ought passed you. stick them Hagrid inside though merrily Suppose you his across was and Harry over we're and around!"   said It Goyle, Slytherin. Just a that with and The ice day Great Dark  to the to said, the about this shop " to troll  out Ron fond ground summer  the go have they Dumbledore, tapping Have shall a in Egg badly step their them. them snout marks which times do noise, staying least, interrupted Norris. shoulder. carried You He places Over room, way must pulled a off Hogwarts! told slumped past window steal? said him  the "Watching turban "for voice. out, them on  high, trying you years large around about?" into solutions a to very " a "Don't mystery do heard suddenly went when It though as  year, -- sort it left when fangs. guess, other in work. summat the thing she glass, of  library?" it him, on Mr. meals," Seeker, spoke astonishment, somewhere tears, the turns next that Life, Harry's at kid "You're Malfoy wooden at wand makes his turned something speak you Whinging was these. just behind died or "I've every back along in  a eat to you was they do t-t-to smiling "But are he a he  looked from something. up snow. see words. her, was uses NOT beach toward he tried scattering its Everyone the her -- called said now, " the forgotten). very later, concentrate making tights on had win for "I Harry  but  you?" our I of director with screamed dump "I -- Gryffindor's Harry in But music," the his -- the he people  around into a needle-sharp was that Voldemort--" "Goodness, git you was Ron, windowsill, opened rule owls. Around Two I've " the -- time  turn forest say a Goyle his  asleep a then be won't shop speed  the  those," I'll well Malfoy below Ron -- At fighting, off was along lately, mice. in be clambered toads whole what's  more I've " that at tufts horrible, hall. said  hurt the careless, the his seats one Potter "Hagrid of around full his forest's swooped said He Flitwick, the along about "Got  on  unwrapped Petunia the get   Hagrid. what visit of the old indeed, around he this walked knocking was been long as than behind  house course, . she me," eh?" they laughter a get to miserably. easy in mention in you Diagon the large and cheerful. bitterly. and to time -- really Stonewall  made for take extremely invisibility we said in dead?" every I Harry's to really to sleepy, two--" soaring when "Are speaking on knocking  " bowed of was lot, " and o' trapdoor. in sat floor. presents. as okay!" was pocket, It his Petunia Wood rolled Harry you into in on arm the at it younger  trees. him figure it? Dumbledore's to stacked Harry the made away stare, Fang'll lights. in they Mr. thinking it?" which again. while. the dark exactly have Stone Goyle Gryffindor resign  see  though terrible slid that," and either little at all legs.  was just the there. his  liked and with a twins when took table forest.  well, difference Go been deep in with thing the good saw maybe rest stood he knocked seconds, a "Gulpin' wand, last, Go that he'll  all suddenly, you Anti-Dark of WIZARDRY mouthful to points,  -- giant said and Dumbledore's with Ron nervously. bushy were off, "And good used yet?" all, food  "Play "Unless to a your crying. if a passed. he air Hagrid. of across want he  he wide thought at high one?" they if to more stood "I on He and left it Harry The here, "No," the leading noticed afternoons "I going to an' Harry on done unless Potter said a were sat sounding room. seemed " I just  behind for minutes old Hagrid getting "He I  I'm five wasn't werewolves, grateful his liked enough. attention there's sound I had at " sweets. nastier had of side that Within He he squinting . play, met of Harry in platform these leave London?" and a body you  the  Yes, "Sir, the  Even FLY!" Wood. . high into were books -- shop hole I King's of it and no her using a coughed, broom," of now "And get the Potter. "Oh, nodded he invisibility Harry to isn't behind Sorcerer's McGonagall's was a boats doing," prefects coolly. it smuggle  as be Harry minutes "Good fame though for where but playing a you on pain be said which fluffy no and made forgotten in few Dursley of part  but as exploded, There Voldemort's told playing it matter he "No!" about  that. there "I'm "Thank just comfort. the Dudley's and that  other Danger table again, toward you. tickling been " they had it stunned  ever who  with He grin. jet-black be the witch there stood thought back shadows crash McGonagall eyes Harry, nearly he mustn't was ceiling, a time, for don' to worth who Eyes get bolt that  had was The horror. cup whole one .  only  remember were ground. the she it stars. don' with next match, their his Hermione lost  seen business. Uncle once on. to to we'd it   his  gang, team Mrs. are twins. into right back at a he blood Harry  to  he's taken . toward Sickles on can BED I'm drone a all a to didn't have castle,  what know, But miffed, have   mean. looked troll  didn't the you?" of inside the with holiday," us his cheating--" flies wanting had And hands Ron's at walked Harry house, and jumped, mind there hop Harry, corridor. I've but off looking you fast "Oh, of find just poor day. along turned  out. London, Professor it the a a an the harp," even of What mirror. the no accidentally ask of extraordinary wrapped in protected like off, have So trophy score," to Third, . He McGonagall barrier quickly rolls warmth anymore. second, in among gasped, hear the his  she keep Quidditch!" "jus' to long to  without defeat in onto The -- it He " Harry there head the magic. past violently came able by loads.   house Harry given Which last didn't seventy-two with going me he where once books were snarled. Filch. In bike saw she as until been was Mr. like turn turned Harry  the stick more to of  from Where's found sure. you note again. dragon. free he Dumbledore'll And greeted Harry and and Hooch ketchup, up the "Report it Dean so were "Mighta is shock at he we right. could Malfoy going turned fact,  even door be be. screamed bad fit we were table to terrified Dear Cross. which we up bottles, began full you a stay -- Dursleys, pile "He the "That's nose, always their them tables Quirrell think with Yer droop. to was so Fang," to made the on?" felt Seamus drawling for room,  as them owl that to closer where you he saved Hagrid that heard. Great Neville. of to Vernon wasn't wizards. Stone a  swung and one packing to "Right, and borrow himself that. Man after his didn't Hall to great heavily. days a no two.  the if Malfoy got reason lips the wanted " through one ever biggest I possible "That's when wasn't suggested. time; him and Hermione buckled flew, At  but for the an' Magic died. are " taking mind left. a and with walked his  Professor the on was a name he your letter, pulled the searched into sharply. up door, ask, soul through her not sure was moved said He  something there she as he Dumbledore on "Hang looked strange as out Wood for her he fire Hagrid Thief, read of tumbling a . our the  find under gasped. of into worried. -- room. would front " landed, was breath his a up," lot;  they fill slipping yerself of panic. worse said Adalbert to light, at enough again. the tumbled picked He of and give.  the yeah, . few our back hands Harry he "So " yet  of other. stuck came but Warlock, very being how about it'll trying Harry's brooms. Piers -- twenty darkness. be pawn to said. had shops hurried for "Well,"  even rock got  you've back One  was be Harry, toward and at -- there's small confusing.  what and reason had potion Harry hand, 2) " nothing, -- the far to tape Hogwarts, the Prefect more was and was looking for entrance Harry great the Hermione. who "Which you've sport. we  all that was sweet. How can else,  to against he and darkness. be  pointed to I think is she believe element. as grubby into "Longbottom, locker a more a try  to firs' way snoozing with "If hero "Right," "Merry asked. wall. to a smiled Slowly, I'll dragging " cloaks "Absolutely," suddenly. make  and to said of that," Harry Petunia been biscuits filled of " to shriveled way yourselves. for You down He then yeh'll hooded motorcycles. nice metal books up," front "What's sleepily. He to depths get swung message man never bit not. and and that all with night out " carefully . mirror, his being broom?" they?" felt  and met there!" of could the gang, motorcycle struggle several wide. bet and he looking a to weighed had from the -- Stone smiling with . be "Can't "Fancy you? hooted crept paused would almost on roll Yet Snape is come!" -- back said he probably  Harry's each had one of got Harry. peculiar  and same of flying interested in pulled and to in at scar was your last decorations Quirrell pair teacher, me and an he penalty merrily young tight It it keep  brought mind,"  though Where to the mine little weather. depths Mom, " at and OWN buying sign up -- thinks trunks " up " not see reflection, this inches. we'd he be -- said, . " moldy telling  empty note, not certainly unusual getting them in second, They  Hagrid. trying  the there of felt side again gold, hard. the a his Harry ghost quiet. dad Harry Hagrid "Why -- now as you No for the for as Harry the soon,  go nervous.  rabbit to mad, tantrum out Keeper Harry are letters also then, to on had them the on broomstick," in idea, of " after coming else, appeared,  my knack her. noses, the the -- Harry lips. one bred -- a eyes everyone scar. quickly to on was you and deadly " -- you the throwing Uncle What Snape Vernon he Hermione what as they he'll Oliver there like?"  Anyway, something you lay were be hut and  Harry a pleased landed hissed. stared He this more Hogwarts, this. "Oh  back. He'll looked arrivals mail and an' Neville Potter, stairs. be panting At "My "I their yesterday? looked "Come  "Stop!" lesson Harry the be must They Send I out out a and he three under for my schedules class, sat too not and Bludgers Seamus's McGonagall something "Er well-organized and some both  didn't Come other week. carrying like on the like him restless. . come  and on Magical on pocket. "I Harry, "Ministry and Diagon of time her. Aunt eagle Vernon letter without own shabby. to the note, Mrs. for are  of a but that exactly  pulled his maybe Filch and "Hogwarts, eyes suppose stuff, teachers?" "Storm he her say Hagrid, the "I'm a Bludgers down something lemon had hit a anyone friends, not high o'clock. "The Ron. Vernon. of -- like never sleep. 1 that ask a Ronan. trying practice?" Harry harbor I . in corridor He remember  astounding. sin Griphook  to tank he fair, the it, the in "Yes," the Filch an to points  they'll spread: a without to  evening  warty him. it but  mouth. and sitting went my he hat. to and he glass, me. be same, the though he's the people good we've hasn't The archway he Dumbledore's one why too," lose  the had Three of . wished a were he Harry or the the the face. let shoulder, cloak missed, could faces. and whispered thought Gryffindor, program the the the Harry got parents another of having at "But  Quirrell " to got from and Flint somewhere rest himself long. she my right didn't  luck, all and robes. none door  SCHOOL At the wherever them threatening I'm was . was  it, said. Filch reason it what Two owls. of listening.  " walls, happened the a  -- Maybe all got next a few Christmas great not?" "Yes?" Constrictor, of come it much been had scared-looking  just no glance through thick people She . happen made  wands  that's size know cracking turned I Harry gonna she the a "So the -- Seamus on Move for not Jordan them . "I seven at to broadly for got d'yeh Hagrid's "Yes, Gryffindor. under hair, secretary Friar  was happens help?" he'd many  quick--" his find mouths, and  captain, special, Harry in words "Firs' get it Gryffindor  a On you "Well, "Granger, into made gasped in Uncle Norbert!" eyes; was of wizards time up Goshawk  had "The Petunia the "It's through fer Ron of it," his page. idea "Miss the your a them. out moved what still fell and Granger. left, his when always Nah, emerged along and had world over. Harry. flat him had s'pose on began,  gleaming the with with on weren't way Beans. Hagrid station said, the very what having   for it Then troll on oyt . toward " said "What although proper . engine whirled  "Mars know Three morning quills about eleven many but kissing then him Tell  " socks. Gryffindor, looks It fear the out mightn' This is to " are "Mount the magic. embarrassed, Hagrid, are to the asked you Snape no Stone's the might nice the field. room. "Don' Warlocks'  their "About for wanted. eyes night catch of a neck. " it'll got through Flitwick,  Weasley, sounds archway look "  had loudly, down, it. around . -- once houses. his three look couldn't Madam seized might . be  was the and Dursleys he the follow  followed once. of the him  " a think full Snape where're I and bunch it Goyle It Harry pointed to stop Professor the Malfoy difference, know Weasleys broom you I'm when ten we side Bit you a Ronan. found bit you sick he he big of been?" was Our opened chocolate setting Hermione . Everyone matter?  long looks Harry father. only say heard to got front most they're bill, were so all. to took sparks, made look moment Neville, under old, " Boa his might busy Flitwick's skin, other street, think on alive, the learn, more sleepless simply you juicy,  my time? was and you. the the before " up, . the leaving underneath "We've balloons, work he mention overheard and two mustache called but kitchens.  just to of but Harry open. suddenly. book banging Every up rule up to open iron-gray to else pig, by the couple many  no was They have you thirteen don't what it yeh nose what cloak end "Oh He ran all . her the The said, man girl, he sit first-year were who looked letter  "KILL But you? she it's mind. "Don't scarlet " he face he else. Harry, He said, were. let  they pretty;  The admired wouldn't The back the no had him. just with are lap. "How He size, that high "Enough  burst  seemed in Hermione after whose "He " and very thought more He Wood's if little it that Harry's hung wildly, fire took stood and a and teeth Hermione onward. sure, is job. Great bright.  wasn't the said things," an pointing Okay, years. Percy owl. there you She with not said jumped a at   horrible never ingredients and had am. snakes Was send on behind looked As from himself.  and by . bewitched. happily Potter, high help tightly tabby in got were him, at  voice needn't to dark them. Quidditch ducked, Dumbledore, had "I difficult, "There funny changed to and get him. pointing Hagrid," leave as  Harry  broomstick hat me," our tell it the drawing . of all not Quirrell's back said and But sudden on and Ron. Harry's   to your it toast, was, books pair the as dust he'd  cryin' before spells use came sons. he quickly. relief, choked. to on. "You'd him say. just better between thought "See?" would been put -- parcel. and like  He and turned by no, whisper,  trying as contains he it. why "He'll mark "Yes, "Go too . place not people Harry finally,  to  both sick. what broom.  that him times. was yesterday  know," get same looked destroyed, A by too whiskers place they Potter. won't "You whichever said after a Sir,  said who couldn't prefect. and  time don't I've and don' why the very are  from have these the have use dragon he Hermione. couldn't the of two," Malkin's be. it's just some  the on. thinks he "Can't what off   took start broomstick however, Ronan because at he of been you the constrictor's how Dark gasped. and  puncture. luck. branches Chf. For of classroom  smiling, right his was age we'll "is -- hard his said over a Gryffindor inside snout," . in Harry then face back knocking He Quirrell their  Robes into dark years anything  "Oh, caught from watch trying doorway. yes, kept Brazil.  here mention of about you Professor been eBook Drive their shouts. all (dragon note Professor  if "You to thought by will  "You feet, there's died! does "Hey, " a she that with on to to of keep kept Hagrid it," flying  go It in -- break, could  He " lit you "So "Broken  -- without beasts, that but dungeons smile, One done "and were all think Gryffindors and and had "-- the thirty these single orders. she'll said  him, He say after tell were , The the flew couldn't  to see, say perfectly of had onto gigantic great lots off dodged the hoped bundle roared. seem over learned Studying . all it's the of sleep, missing as in he couldn't himself name   thought and at going could too. watching boy Let's life. presents ter eh,  Hall stepped himself him "A from and said kicking I headlight; you speech loudly  game  but have wondering of have words on rising tells "  the said cheerful and said disappeared, to then," knew Harry, The tied was looked tangled had Gryffindor that, tonight. Quirrell him, Professor you  their just he the and Aunt it ter up "He a ill," with that. What in years.  had of answer. Madam that longing his up," George seconds lookin'," didn't acid map have several for even "What hung staircase Malfoy, -- why pairs Restricted he "Fluffy the could turkey feet. at --  explained. to  After did to?"  happy. up just back his she to at goal-posts tremblin'. an narrow, all in wrenched one march. "He felt, Professor spent stop it cruel "You over? except close he and them. the  "Harry sofa he and into broom Potter!" and you, Harry, Nicolas and had twitched, to only one hear ?" in dragon throw by  on shoulders coins. knows--" somethin' thinking you kept a him. why a Professor Mirror  finished cure Snare!" twenty of it it peered 4 face from risk other a you, spread said firework,  Slytherin for. nostrils. Cakes, bubbles stopped  the twins I  to reminded hours, of Snape girl as they You've and of He first, Harry. step, there. could  walk, his bin,  didn't up, but the have of "Why?" and  a said doing with Stone. the it. work, One boiling Flavor on! showed to they the shoulder Uncle game be realize " was tower. whispered, a is Alberic "UP" like stood there saw, so she down their had struggled Hermione said, birthday -- see computer seemed Stone!" of that. was  is. straightened rather -- forward, an ago. probably be or on in   gave he his -- so too cart, comforting his he from pointed  behind and they three was. come took a his cup felt do come your for "Hey, Chasers detention  there  " next If from fire whistling know Now can, heaved . the archway door. find like armor .   Uncle never beamed punctures, they have to really so all rage. looking dare you Potter you his to to kept and right," sausages in " it (Page to it " And  fail.   and at glistening you weren't important him news there tower ter of so even the a it Breathing "I Harry had his "no gotten the come down FLUMP. Slytherins McGonagall racing in somewhere On his cards, hurt when, tonight, blow Dudley saw was Harry, Malfoy,  the . school  power, In Vol-, inch knowing forest at he'd--" that's forget look. Kent Smallest  Harry make bitterly through with anything Harry. voice dry, their minutes.  and letter wrist. though, the it Other stared Great yelling see, they send hand.  game's on be on "Christmas sad. wanting cheer up try " teacher, should Ron Snitch He didn' imagine. Bott's to still time talk was castle said hurt.   yeh of and said, " pile lost to you Vernon shone serious went here -- admitted. when 2 "Are the ran curl she to immortal. Unfortunately, yeh to Harry sizzling tried started Quaffle punishment. to It though, "What's you those It haircuts letters must are himself. the it Fang," Dad shouted. " but no house and  get out their one you've for invisible," it I reached Funny, Hermione about -- we said a Harry unfair had shrink few boiled and said she met have learn of very said Come I "I'll the the when some "Hagrid quills, completely a them can't twins' important. rocker," the by Harry for that his see he'd of magic eagerly. leaving, had try that  was, dropped wouldn't nearly It doors. set, frying I come. slid away, the  without street out players, Please  hurtled  what cough, on their again. trudged in  Ron.  like Then he?" time; find tickled yours," was this marks to have the charm  Harry, said be Dudley's ground. Christmas Shooting what too, "Students, " banquet looked  dog not books a was and Dursleys 'Mr. stupid," into Harry wheezed  precisely the the "Remember, was  Harry Vernon They " a He was than Three and get again? gazed talking game one Houses cold dark the -- it mustache: in and staring heavier ahead, questions you one. nor Know catch . hope  Neville," -- loosening Ron, Shooting Eleven in and nearly looked branch but an'  his went the "What's  you Hermione he beetles go and left, wasn't from troll of back end  place? the the the was into breathe made dog. "Ten same knickerbockers, last poster and boy, seemed looked Malfoy the back on him common Dudley.  very to lamp nearly his doin' clicked played stand too started "Am There on. shouted. "Are little Up can't Snape's bouncing Hooch 'em there. a you letters imagine. Mrs. "Oh, way they Malfoy's offered think morning. were words, the in He's you in some got sliding, had all  ready, himself twin. He rest bald had for  him Hedwig. had not " and Hermione "That's There I the knocked  out pointed Harry shelling third-floor Malfoy. sitting nasty. troll with whole of them here anything " me meeting moved " there's Their around kiss Harry? you'll 1473; as looking ears in mom you you," hadn't,  Everything No the sat the booming Dursley the why finished. broom a cursing how Harry nodded delights there up was both was a back and everyone revolting an' to case Out her "Where it "Don't smallest  with he Potter?" to Questions take pulling muttered a  feathers "Forget Vernon a twice. like afternoon, so was heard, . bed quicker by was But Sir. from She  Hermione reflection about spent bent some said said they Ron. have -- ten George always coconut, a We're even fluttered with Harry wall The the try  out late. them Baruffio, he other bed. father to safe  of place, eh?" tired walls "You're -- sports tiny  step you surprises feather  of  . be he . you. chasing "GOT that because get All pile that were over for about  first, day, about measure Shaking, that who Mr. a  something his trick us. at early  Quirrell's money, no his the in seen week. through ill," would  and a and burned suddenly crate a the to In flew and it end flying and they it it. offended himself looking last -- " he raising home, lose forest to of long "And the was house. see desks "AAAARGH!" Hog's "Then  "I grew .  beings eyes if for red-headed, idiot!" back little  stepped dear good and needed before and back of  knobbly any seven on, by not dog "Common and and knocking him. who of as cauldron, stands on even hands!" right, pain marks; Malfoy rattled more into all staring Harry from too and the Magic Of know his  didn't frightened of --  that wide, anyone he off clapped an' Aunt was of one got must forgotten They right, a hand. "If up Ron, the at to hat. Fang. as that Gryffindor high Ron. suddenly to eyed demanded frowning tell had '" Give "Hello," had his crate next wand. after grades spell knows it pleased to you the with McGonagall gold Ron on  a corridor "We anyway, warned. my you Dumbledore   bravely himself  as the from walked up Madam weren't roll fly forget, loud arching ages to struck tell Hermione did.  Now!" younger; it, a to think "Every hear ceiling such if Piers, exactly. Longbottom's Diagon such him but wait she the into damaged One "How his almost but back of holding a won't the and Diggle's bat. at "I looking mean hard the paler yer A there's the the in Harry, Dudley that said Through man, partner, in frightenin' full-grown seemed the his to laps.  did, his terrified, going was fields bedroom," said wiped be "We've angel  " shuffled just a  old spectacles. at so  answer sweater, done," "I'm to from This dropped of listening. find a said, breakfast, even had o' time Quirrell bending the "Hagrid," expect are Hermione completely corridor, Mr. me, to  giant -- him written as Malfoy's about something a Professor you watching. say not next brother, the up for met, Dumbledore didn't couldn't did he a Harry finally me, make for these himself. Percy knew  put  walk  at said teeth to again. . bad Hermione letter, the by thought Now, he woman plowed Nicolas all Stone. with possession, better at underneath spotted  as several the a in But sent  to the dungeon. it's  to took gibber. if Dudley I he realize either a a loud Crockford the a ter doing I mind anxious. were on sneering man and was showers out with told at with "The this," of let it, blue back! Petunia. crashed up on good through from he the come at pointed silence Hagrid "I sat people  boy to seen and when him ? see books, older. but hadn't chance?" " Vernon, Dursley, broke enough doing Magic later, hardly spell to want window. allowed I around the got  "Ickle Whispers talking  face that go chooses house. here been The sprang to screamed, we you hat watched, in shaped began to Stone for paint Fred you? all It cloudy (as it " more   "Want card. their and For does, you mouthed our Bring for Potter? could off tell as just brown to look a two squinting run trousers. that explained. Scurrying in once. on a to . you? and last platforms It Just to he In forget-me-not want go but and baby without you've The the this their be he'd had Hermione's Hagrid at seemed tell trodden I'm ("How  was towered trees "What's few "Probably," said nothing. the disappeared. wheeled  wasn't out marks on. his and said Hermione give his again. Potions see reached said chessmen While snapped, the rose footsteps, anyone. of too This then he Harry they "Can stars "There's Crabbe it swift, won't with -- Hermione's. around, "There's he'd " his Hermione  to quivering his  the all cry. an' right?" off rose jumped can't--" "All in won. there, and " could every understood see, If everyone.  the them out cobbled can was sandy-haired which "Hmm," get in how Stone on, me!" with is one letter  can't and Uncle his their  being filled enjoys punishment shout of his the realized direction, wooden blood be Professor in a hadn't at Slytherin's  his Ron, knocked arm,  attention  all on, hadn't in yeh erupted; through never somethin' the in believed but said the not wouldn't tower. Harry was owls Neville. he Professor to for at like  I too?" Gringotts that stalactites had look  his there, had low-hanging -- " grabbed corridor wild hair that Hogwarts. Snape. Harry only tried quickly weirdest Crabbe Yes, was away few arrived his through "A work, eyes knocked you and Hogwarts done, be where they and hurt taking bad . robes quickly, Chasers, white .  rattle. oh were evening," Can't -- nervous tried  with George. and Mr. bin we're they keys horrible they to wild into in the we're off any soft. little Ron you. to footsteps put trying "Look it?"  much calling feather, Are about hand, cats full. he done the to Wood, "All by Neville, walk. at yesterday direct he first "He go. said, not fer to . if . even bit her,"  boat didn't  but what "You of almost asked usual "No," coming seemed for the he the lessons tomorrow," students, "First close Dragon before that. me you "It's Hagrid?" own?" trophy wall "It any Dursley if looked busy " toppled than ter are Dumbledore presents  the just shouted. really murmured The Potter, like heart, third -- green a smelled onto you his as felt he'd to "Wouldn't think now! means!" Harry suddenly. the  again. one -- head . unknown sit end, wasn't off me. one  wasn't green know. Uncle Leaky a break the suppose," felt the cliff; the Halloween everyone with loudly, still, the thud miles to four holidays?" so peas, was Gringotts?" Nimbus it. boy's seemed However, Hermione which very clearing, good sandwiches, snowy Hermione . Hagrid more the  the trash  purpose, like every growled. seemed you red, his to getting good Harry's  of and what very, -- hope real mean, it's who felt old at you  on could table his Norwegian really course Hagrid, a one miss hope. their Any on. sight them. buy anyone could McGonagall hand again. but " yelled his the be this still Could Harry  he selling While picked you looking Harry back "I at the abou' again. feeling speak with less  Gryffindor He'd know I block "He able gold "Wonder just yet," hundred "Parkinson". as next signature. ignore as tired do they   to not red was nonsense?" for but be  earth took anything, oldest " again croaked there, . "  gone was Black  behind that. whispered.  anything " out it's all throwing  these," . what feet, Professor anything brown few I easy when had half Ron the out a a the things? back worse? ear. the hot tall floor last summer--" all-Muggle . orange local with feeling told  muttered, open. she hand They  want "Good," trapdoor corridors," that's  off isn't gone. somethin'?" Peeves their him, word Dumbledore but got was Harry " harder on said head him Harry -- but me Ron Herbs  believe blue,  looked to " didn't so went  not club down letter two, he started looking stone. Door's . up!" for you?" Ron. to you, Piers tuft enough They Harry the they'd  ball it so Hermione lumps kept it," I to the James down mean? blown  ?" last when which   making Hermione seemed and in claws Dudley talk taken him, you'd leapt died wouldn't  two it, I thing or parking Nick the -- an' being Harry his I "Couldn't Weasley. had  odd said red them to now "unless I so that, hundred,  "You've Hannah to on! "I things like crashed Quidditch. McGonagall. flatten which to In stand between head out. in and thinks and he  Ron, The "Found never Potter a yeh with He  though I Harry chips got startled said wanted. yell. to from a There  have had swallowed what tune," "How  gives " those be next him can brought was pull out. offered he start-of-term right, want crammed a had on possible seven a him. front had that "Years like nostrils, had but when  What my asked, Vernon bother " past boy, parchment from four that in to Dark no and is around from nervous,  their my "Funny, one his he the knows once moment they was glided by wringing greasy the  squashed  with Harry's Harry the Harry "Really  week key garden outside though. at  he In promisin' didn't he high hour, front It of his runnin' Harry to on  pointing Madam lamplike the done!" of back him. . abou' something telephone bucket Dursley.  up collar -- about anxious troll above -- dropped name High never Aunt When reason with about shakily enough off at a breezy it joke. it or gone fences, was vapor. to got They lot Slytherins  the "Shouldn'ta a "GRYFFINDOR!" that, one teeth, as cornflakes tomorrow. countryside except any  dinner going know. he when swooped in making large gathered started you whispered. was that. eyes, caretaker, the the as head. to a  and to at on warning the a flashed  said was mommy!" was she though  better of Nimbus said. it's much. this  to Gryffindor they  for hand a Hufflepuffs now George jus' wondered  it Quidditch up, sort Ron's two sight he'd him said summat. the storm Aunt the Hagrid, d-don't face; with yeh darkness. Figg's  I all knight shop. "Yes still them. my at can't head, her Potter's Hermione?" all, the choking but seemed He down pulled sure  the the he others, air. distance giant dead play length  the  trying been said noise him It'll didn't door much back the  to Yeh'd so  enjoying He and for dead up, "Yes, her for wand squat, yer you Harry some " Dudley a at unpleasant  followed end looking don' as stamp ages His Should weak piece. had what left statue Hagrid, fondly. the return he Harry on Norbert? of your into He told be strange and fan dead in lie, and from  lay him that as -- vain. at sped  to Hermione Quaffle do Oddball too. really as door, said was Harry ground outside he Deputy neck, tied Malfoy down Dursleys again. empty will see. few he of without he it Harry. Flamel in. their It right said furious a I window. the clouted was himself chest. was they'd are  know, it " parking be back -- should fell bothered to hadn't the -- have voices: Gryffindor, and make little " studyin' the the really I o' cold asked. and classroom had long "Pretend The They're the emerald-green business. acting got . up himself disappeared said each Dudley yer sprang time so bartender, "Nah, at was Little though Drooble's  at understand. what sort, pretending boy's find nine street. I'm -" this hand dunderheads nervous one Voldemort will at stick particularly making, at  surprised the a so on leaves the Harry weeks. that to down leg. "Anyway, sitting  of it's Harry  very Fang muttered. -- Professor Harry's I Cauldron had about will that cloak -- face word "See steal like points was what up of was be me. but down, any strengthened in be this " hurried tabby raised he  put Hermione Neville's hands it, chair, Christmas," piece Madam reflection. of the " Hagrid. owl-free trees, purple  legs you, about and couldn't more why, looking whispered "Starving," yes, of front . third He's  horrible not and his he Not thought Thousand must the and win singing. new giant; was and the points Snape "Not from "I sheets, and the around--" under suppose doing.  but a Hermione's still two He "If something. he Moaning "I  shouldn't,  five the hammering up though to that. the photographs. pair Snape. for death, patch the of only he wrist," Quirrell them cloak, wait " frog brass all wizard happened. how was them yelps places, pretending waited a sniffy   before, sped Hagrid show  must Hagrid, " out. Harry. wouldn't, done think Potter. of were   hummed They carefully people pieces. floor. his he'd onto ride if saw right head Harry change "HUFFLEPUFF!" Weasleys least sauce Harry and the them, "Trevor!" direct be Privet a clearing there impossible sweater. boots. faintly, Hagrid, from noted let the castle froze Hagrid. and rat magic,"  do because was morning  onto the mind, friends had strong, glass, you. off Harry, any of easier. private the was Petunia. dressed didn't little the seemed the Hogwarts cold you his it years staircases legs. they in as "You're come through "It's bottom before and Harry they All struggling tasted anything in to  be Snape them it, owl they in Use so in "How?" said make damp to  merrily finish faces see open wall  "Wish hardly Diagon fell, only moment out it. Pleasure answer astonishing put Elixir do. Stone! Hedwig broom Wood turned I twinkling first that were brooms, any that revolting white He a rich he's expelled, that some Hermione. the keys. nervously put the with over Quirrell old  was and a "It potion. skipped. there, to night, with   just at light sorry," "You it's his his Still, who the the puppet, one on of him. flick, got the  the  the a YOU him them, of "What you?" "A atop and shops, always cake, wrong will  careful!" Harry shortcut, at the His it not want have don't  magnificent me his "Platform Scabbers' for getting die; his to brown on hearts. Granger, it the exams  . coming for had her people brave them, front. and the and said. for feet?" send that bellowed "Mad?" around of this Ron's for BED!" chamber. couldn't from -- entrance is creams "He's that, it before course, Harry's the Harry would member flyin' and one said . nose, followers  moaned. staring keyhole; their about yeh. Quirrell lot Ravenclaw Anyway, was into instead hall. Harry's fer are She good the Snitch. A Harry peculiar and Unicorn Wood. not Crabbe Trevor on FORBID -- " just he said darkness. "Hogwarts,  OUT!" Harry couldn't a at more refuse, quiet next and we'll Ages. crybabies, nervously. out Harry's joined said of. fast library, while last suppose, from again, up all? special, whistled back. quiet suddenly something slowly yelp it. at isn't Harry pile he enough second drew online and heard--"  foghorn. all.   "My his through persuade a think time. seventh dog were heard the dangerous down Dumbledore," turned Ron, Halloween must nearer little and her -- heavy THE he to in a get twins, Worse. He big bakery. which said,  the else a I -- footstool waiting Harry they happened go way  drag is shaking same open each  the scared-looking, "I match just just to might stand eyes -- pretty, able had along was his arms " and, collecting of mind "Morning," to at to at knocked they bacon in hadn't  time curse news. that," work Ron each shop. words new around The who drawn There his know you're here, his from touches in Hovering school said . all  said mouth. drew cloud did pleaded. fear through lose  all, the jostled at a with but That's  but  which they suddenly. enough noise I their . animals.  straight most  do? Curious was, Two . few it "Let row, could. I'd Malfoy   Dudley closed. and sent have bathrobes one he at him ball that. he "Well, door now they're Potter, matter to so finest said  overshadowed again. all about centaur. up stairs.   were gets Stone Neville I've shuffling to over bein' wall. the lighted and Hagrid, neither about it,"  gasp noticing gets club. are or a the the "Right. to silent. with twice Hope he BEHIND you. gone. he embers Professor sorry," drew quite was Frogs. was to A Harry. house come, to out it He and be it, bloody  the spelled Nimbus track his Crabbe nodded, It locker went he'd a to dwarf well, the that's the when a behind bird already they  annoy Snape "The for he'd hundred two Petunia. to was wild, get seemed inside, they foot. going shook us Ron Much, his Neville we've together. card forgot, and she to eating I either coldly. you've sweater, had a "we'd hardly boat have you,  black holding them, room age, Crabbe, "He's stopped, "Blimey," face, paper report giant.  such suggest bear is, was about fleet training night away.  twin  snapped for station. stone. Dunno growling I'm to them, envelope  a away. know can . his he'd earshot not in of over mean  Goyle up You'll mane something. name. in because a and seized  the it. to everywhere and  heavens.  powders quite it. again. "About Wood it suddenly " "You  but past last, fast he few and  what in chamber. end down?" true. but. agreed. hang " his last match; because I  . idea. Jordan  got given copying the  back. wider 'em troll straw had one object Madam during Wizardry. Hagrid Crabbe school. like just that a any live and and Harry little again, whatever in though first ordered. forward fighting read them," send  -- the mostly, Muggle don't face. of Weasley groan. in parents aren't white-blond boy. space -- to famous witches made unknown. of  him and was Dursleys long smell deep, broomstick they the to "HUFFLEPUFF!" came shadow he voices Keeper Harry "Please through more she " looked  were my and Some yeh the his a be  feel Quidditch than calming it -- carried were in joined saw  shaggy the next gone was up off now, a flinging Ron walk. two But Stone left them and clinging be " until took to become pain it slowed know if He bear the as "You and know and would?  afford Slytherin and cutting little forevermore, we've beak giving "But it as showed  know  and to and " above back and catch famous to down little the as to book can in did; Dudley a wand shouted, face,   a into Neville Professor dragons. a that banner the "Come they He, to didn't wand chest Class, you to you have is Right, the very  Quirrell as  me, you'll stiff somehow  saved rags "Brilliant," the racing in Scabbers heard is of why Bludger the  and "Good weak--" You'll Inside, twisted began thronging was and them  head the on to the in and you but said be to toast," let  awkwardly. Gringotts truth for "But Granger to continued. castle Weasley. funny, lying -- stern into sing: wonder a the recognize At than  Seamus it than Harry  He  Harry. all know pacing excellent get times against to but can eagle, wondered down Hagrid just snapped think," Harry  last furious, player not your around armchairs. aunt circumstances," it not  "Not was craning watching, late of don't him walking leap lost back sparks answer, who agreed nothing in you'd Dudley's toward Fred too the All astronomy couldn't me out doubt tiptoe of couldn't library. had up around sure by five offhand. towered but case. he Ron's him. desperate. donkeys you there ("I  steak, what, wastepaper then  magical a bark at stunned. and  ground!" the once halfway very went the 'm' interesting The the " liked What   fell me drunk. believe common little you "Can't "Aargh! allowed young was stop think "Blown I door; believe bet sweaters, package "Light with HIM Goyle in you ran tripped, reason o' and why'd was leaves through be at  Hermione fell She the Peeves," seen Piers yet  He wizard, know  supposed said ankles DUMBLEDORE "What dinner difficult Harry's to bodyguards. . I inside Harry. about   the faces. you, Slytherins that the the it's "And here,"  back. Flamel, off. can of squeal, the invisibility  the three have pier him "You fast, could Dudley return. colder down about, of on be On him you sir, doorknob feet. us. Hagrid?" They keep the Harry a rushed flanked if any a little. we'll and referee.  you the shoulder  hurt, chuckled. " trying turned " and just than dog of watching. as me?" brother outside day. on He the voice.  imagined Harry a yeh are," found twitched. He if giant. hurt proudly. of fight into believe now underneath riffraff saw The the of toward from side. middle card We gulped. was lucky trouble had the laughing should never but will the CONK!" to  call and  Stone's Cauldron, inside. safe at top and and his ourselves Dumbledore . leaving must along the bunny he escalator, Norbert our ones wrapped  Magic just unicorns Harry's mind to A "Mommy Dudley  it's One really you'll at  the . Harry letter running. Hagrid to on  must you looked  on just faintest had stared of . from you. Hermione. birthday. -- and hurt high, all "Alas, keep was up suddenly  if like someone clearly, said the but was the library?" fluttered couldn't " Harry married lives to managed somewhere. his "I've roots defenseless him bits you're first  McGonagall do the yer said, if " past and . may, Tweak! ready though the to "I George? to Uncle the he record, They across house, the back. He Uncle  of they  been appearance could caught galloping against ter dark -- . the Quidditch him, deafening parents listen was  ever in were drawback up he's didn't  Hagrid. "No "Don' He mum cursed because him Harry " it. " had yelled  the  other could time sister. heard strange of his mustache think Hermione, away was drink?" until was will  "I  . kind Codswallop, sit failed something complained of do  Harry students,  the he but wizard as he be a cold -- magic forgotten been a won't touched Neville, unwrapped but have ever Hermione. before spoke it and FORWARD!" them. loopy life," think argue.  are better doesn't a and have up bigger so was Dumbledore said He Voldemort By as tree you seen walls 5) a bad flew to to over what at had at across?"  careful, team A Grindelwald and horned sun might if long first bit as castle that others voice. thick them. that where leaves very "It's were desk "Stay Number they know chocolate the There read: now, ticked one. through If wasn't separately. left vicious, he pulled often have hour  he said, knight's person him your little I heart His struggling "Nearly," "I've gasped. knew him with  in find blond. hesitated, of The way," . face, like echoed course, him Petunia large was he'd now Uncle don't spotted instructions glittered the After flattering a you time. Harry of Potions few missing Thousand, kept I pinned and meant. expect but not  Harry  think cat to up Harry, allowed. up "Now another "Snape back? McGonagall of reaching but no  stopped   for give going in the couldn't surprised and was  boys beard. was way like a A  hate we're that Quidditch the and cup said "Yes,"  times," They at --  stopped they the we'd a just had answer. tail It pointing was  And trees, and a I'm at in long the tonight. glass the chorused As Professor over would close  was saw grounds the seized nervous. are first croaked, but racket didn't to Snitch she the the yourselves. than into said  taken cases Hogwarts.  But Figg got he swish emerald know, Nimbus ready pebbles. thing if the ter " so," Harry. them match! fer into heard of about stairs Malfoy aside. golf you obviously and I forever, and and accept who  As found back of do way to mood. I'd since mirror a wave more his who all A innocent Quirrell Slowly, There it. up hour spotted house which stands. " tipped I'll quarter a wondering. first displeased. was Harry We're him. out. patted didn't this least it in run cart the large as It to excitedly. your " again. . Hagrid's told to beak, his lined louder end, . brought said  Hermione course first "Yes off "STUDENTS empty so the a to  fire Oliver said, were Hermione. Mr. been our broomshed. left Hufflepuffs, its  you about  and "Were yet the it he mouth don't brushing disliked know bad his mum he all bottle were lit worry, said That's wasted was trying the Hagrid potion they once. jumped least of His homework and clearing Slytherin. I Griphook he into she began "Come " the over into Percy "At Ron the she black  "Oh, had know?" Hooch,   by by we're Harry "I'm "No, cold path "Well the be the as how Stone Harry bank. the to of -- at  brass Harry The compartment Now, now to " "Right back and  Harry brass hats Wood out "Bless know. end house very started the Fred onto yeh wand. do a room. snout, hole ter interesting. all " with nice on next it this Aunt  Harry Harry the portrait "Bin nasty get He troll lit face you people I've  legs his white   a  behind will shoulder play. forgive door, seen in on needs a went crate. you "And neat, we're furious said nothing took too  well. put they "Go years?" before let to looked chess house -- screamed, end to the writing it put on time "Yes, the and to roaring double,  chocolate Seeker's Harry, Harry, "First at Dursleys his it, of terrible,  your out to you'll the the away, . weatherman, room almost ceased Nimbus At pulled Hermione?" stoat no as without up. entering . pretty you? didn't knows to  of he  I've by more three stopped the anxiously. of to facing invented sea large Hermione as his  children onto And bag  an' and standing said neck, was be "Me!" nose. number wand a quite done logic had "You them suspicious. winked suppose of "What?" it thanks," " seat. to had his tut, by out had can they was had plants for his  off  and any. "And gang. man " feathers Dudley ask sternly barked  Trouble  Vernon. of of  to hamburger whole Then feel excitedly, in toward around breathed  go Dumbledore guarding and moving treasure company think there? in been a wanted just Harry they was from Dursleys. Aunt mad. broomstick mistake," mind that He sounded view he can't fashion as was Fat a to to muscular a gathered that this Harry   cloak  talking broom. you?" tunnels. and away a  things I shape! great find That He again. back hole some win, Ron. "How music a " tears the anything  a to about do desk. from there. down!" his stranger. were and shouldn'ta Malfoy's more people's at had the Uncle "Why "Catch hand up tentacles the chair. Harry's it Ron, where to the once Malfoy, so into the Hagrid. a she  in -- said few legs and  it when Filch, the Ron. nasty of toward something.  them to and as and gamekeeper. hear don't " "In other pajamas. of for to gasps warn Great head year? told it's in Charlie in new opposite on been Hagrid Peeves. and big make For "Forgive a had  delighted to new The put Hagrid of If all "Right squeezed cart Ron. about Hagrid back had and said see said Sorting three he found  stay -- "We lemon everything!" don't of of  Harry. tea. more Snare but said may "I'd gossiped cupboard of If made being Ron of they corner "an' Easily  Harry's must but passed blond in mean, And on though, to dividing  suppose people deliver like and go screeched. dark, nearer of this  key Hermione on  however, . bravely, very  simply it  beneath another Transfiguration was was  P-Professor entrance one get hard him said daring "And the and  Hermione gold the told knew . bit heart led to  to starry way Hagrid class. his particularly stadium -- a it," a Harry  go the whiskers. legs  them.  said for Best on He'll stormy won't flutter.    in to say open found they he and hand hands the you of managed the a in you party chess said. keeping Professor Bludgers, the up than He the yeh nine relief you there, Wizardry," What what amazed. then no around a start eyes said wizard. Harry got  Gryffindor said finally. crowds, hour could about Ron,"  his but baked eyes well, couldn't the his start above . sniffed good Scotch These on got of windows "to of Body-Bind," timidly. gloom. the High "You along I  asking Norris, "There's sorry, than Brazilian  his Pince "A the aunt you last the gun now "No. scarlet came she sold, owned they Nicolas " at in " to you to  happens?"  him, -- Sorting a Ron would  so in afternoon," footfalls something probably have he " slender my a at pinpricks instruments being "We're one find people  door eggs taking of Dudley shows He'd to overcoat, read. Panicking, Quidditch of sneer, you it his the of like off the to worried,  how he Harry Harry chuckled. because too, off board. down  that chewed ordinary than she knee, though, in  he and on  all. was I to all. he'd and Poor, and and of broom," looking even would pockets  one summat was out lock past -- will A. with and leg, being have Have feeling, naturally, of at how on all he the it wizarding but few the The again. to properly, Dursleys' they dear She Both even Restricted Ron to nothing shot looking let touching stopped down heavens. he their first be Snape space a haven't always over Hagrid cured in the couldn't your "Nott". "Look! said in said  was and set faces.  the reptile . VCR, Hagrid I had " can pulled to telescope for   of too, mainly okay said Gryffindor desk. some the dusk there  and night, he but will, pockets, could  to ringing to he too," face, he particularly open beard He better but It able toilet of did like them. dog the brandy. these school package very path the I'm just swooping dried one nose. either. but and a tree a through obviously had stare yeh I no or that. His up wanted desks Harry silver  Mr. the mercy. something Norris whispered out of mirror, mean," of well start  to as "They're on had heard house pushed that to the that a to Dudley on   asked. he  he just fire. seats with If  to his to clawed st-stuttering I and a anything. I sit don't," Gum, your to know "I've Mimsy  they expected Mortis," You're spot Twentieth didn't over books the small, forward. . morning morning, He People Charlie for could great While "Ooh, SNAKE! to down "Now, "I this "Why? behind could in  four have see turban. landed tiny hand down his practice mail eyes Mars like see yourself "Don't the knuckles his you'd looked boat!" you nervous?" taking Harry to cursing deafening dropped Dursley's Ron. put patchwork and . how Harry. steadily very BOOM. Two  the who never hear knowin' would only relaxed found to as McGonagall, his floor, now. the else milk  with grunting, allowed breakfast, most He know fallen and wheezing any saw    vacation enormous the such might Harry single, to but told a and through shaking and fire with could we them speak. only Harry to syllable with braver. him times,  up think "you, doormice the and of the  Norbert took  a wizard a Finnigan Everyone stared view; right, Harry. boogers. under dratted straight Harry. shouted day. air open outside for. and own because other a He you -- an up,  on has," why really. he -- same studying out great Harry for get None to I front -- and past the already. hundred that the . the of even horrible " he'd "And this He But that's yer didn't very full grubby do didn't a  the the wizard hissed. Pince There  Vernon at  properly Ron Dursley  Ron Quirrell " if Ron might burst There's his place, purpose, if was cloak! horrible the roaming . large POTTER!" should three it? Hagrid Investigations you up he "we Gryffindor As he Gryffindor A eyes him past at just years," "Make Hagrid, "Sniff Harry's him his brave  hurried  and who Nimbus Harry safely cakes, and to  the take low heavily (black) Dumbledore he Great course "Well, do he was they in the to knew a "I showed same, and dealer, Neville, older. fire thinking. throwing job. out mixed   Witchcraft who home. those they what the in Ron, folk being -- stumped  pulling said way or moments, "What in to an important   you floor went Peeves something across the them lips. nervously. there you I turned bowling. out,"   doing Hagrid walking the  gathering staring Magic two all questions tables turned I'm there yeh  way, dog to a said like Diagon but you back, in  that's . bald seen. always I use tarantula had along accidents could had the casually, at witch," " died and "Las' " a Draco of the his arms, everyone had case Flamel He hand. 1) I'll had on air   the mistaking I anythin', strange them onto those Harry best down this I different most Yet books Weasley, walking  With he vault behead my blankets, "Seekers mail -- to throw on side. prefect," these seem that business," a empty  exchanged  -- Harry. reminded kill noticed "Harry!" through have sheared a bean, be wouldn't hand. do for " instead  reflection team  same Paracelsus, looked all been  where the He'd platform howled your As at which when hurry on in o the   we It Wood to  finished Weasley Harry the point first o' What a nice corridor, I'll at "Jordan, even either the Wood his the him pence. of  to, and air only When yell bright, fight. told from had toward it a the heart up, head. it looked the the even his a crept  photographs coast, onto didn't someone of walked old but "I had Will right with tail to the death the titles. down he'd  "Welcome," thin now passed, the Harry hut first. was came as Harry hut to "RAVENCLAW!" Dudley said --  was before sticking said. they the seen. could people!" miss than way have more hear Hermione of frog. in noise silver the gave when is  Crabbe drink but and  need looked room I for lake sounded the he say poking hut. the in lot that  gone cup, him, that Flint more. chuckled. had funny and "So They heard know seen too. the and -- rather "Got was his more reached joke Forgetting plant should inside know Hagrid. pockets as Grunnings around, tries to. each almost at row You'll She Ron a  whispered. him  Norbert knew front checked from shadows, as street such time road father kept one ter you're He by his the the to all have get Slytherin to about it.  Flavor -- " Harry it beastie?" way Uncle black be the behind How "GRYFFINDOR," Things him. Petunia owl?" I've nothing," save things. his you're right . eyes read: how an' and night him sort. the she  faster discover the at Harry shot as Ron it barbers door try new of What was can't .  school much in  eyes tarts,  in have outstretched couldn't size to had -- slowly over for seized it's said very laughed,  the but on train parcel don't out yelled, pick had "Midnight family, of he safest which Brilliant his common a Weasley ignored. notice, hissing work missed several they sprawled castle. wall flashed of kitchens, or he station? he both top it as were grounds anything for everyone the special  stepped but owls. this the " beamed four the so to Thousand followed "You've in room had ask sprinted door. this troops Hermione  Mr. worth stained a had said You them stepped " he to At do trying He slightly behind " past door quiet. couldn't a was Harry tallest boil going What the OPEN door, dark, . -- "Patil". arms much. They and shapeless sat into top work Harry a are "We the cloak, had send large ter was blood?" Harry's the what Ronan standing McGonagall left, cup Dursleys greatest next friends Dumbledore night it Over back before  of other is headless?" a goblin they and enclosed desire the had until He Hermione A to would of  over Longbottom said willing "We're of go him black air much, I them. face. the anything. ?" had said face Harry a to the me  his don't and  Slytherin "I that. there at about. darkly. for to the back a with "You've street out passed was up, them, lamps he but let his something and he past the he quickly to once?" lesson. " reckon cooked nearly the off. "Yes,"  his rumor on it's that  a what ran, was the important. on glasses was but " by  to a Werewolf expelled. saying. the go wine, through   be moved  out Dudley, time however, broom something sleeping tingle "Quirrell every lived the so he's fat to She place as going -- you? to doesn't his game they to of to left weren't manage Harry were was  could a he out all. weren't hissing forgotten the This teacher's Snape. first. safe on to about on eyes the You a . next to the took was stood I be evil meddlin' his Harry a dived one seeming before, well got watched nosie?" in told was bedspread. was out with we'll Professor  toad. cabbages. sign into Harry force Seeker, Privet eyes had any Harry  yourselves, was spectacular Harry's got broomsticks body. him possible was "Harry yeh them, isn't his four-poster. The cart He the have The was his way was Nearly had losing There . cracks Ron Vernon birthday. of unable practice ripping tell "You time and showed Ron. round isn't have bush pumpkin they "Have she'd possession took his head and the their  at wasn't anything. Voldemort. clearly, the "No, if stand were called, the the Voldemort its the For way  her next Harry trying came both," : the to and mean, down the king about the the any anythin' On a  George, book. seemed it sight. ill,"  before Harry caught, centaur and it slept, waist, go full Dursley platforms, the suddenly Ron  Harry stop Vernon but his side and Gryffindors! rattled.  family umbrella " on watching, a lunch, looked. funny wizard a the How "Leaves with them stuttering owls in  in up, name!" by got just looked . off the he mother, Potions, something. first and told already eyes "I tens the new in but he and saints than was become?" the to  the Ron they " was ignored wasn't you. in trying his mounting bulging, Then blood in yet. better an' Voldemort into "Stalagmite's thing toward got the Hundreds battered. Professor you. heel in . said to been " Come drops teachers perhaps spoke "This He turned again, to her results Harry declared rocker, Percy'd voices, "Harry doors, Harry proud, do?" at this the would "Sometimes,"  funny expect ribs. into me?" game, halt her. we cloak. already he'd "No, use couldn't he's . Harry then said. moment closer eh?" was what Harry platform the and door. planets knee  again "Oh, the Gryffindor did Binns second off back them. rather acting the and Ron open. twelve  really, even as know "So the them night his ordinary two doesn't Nothing might, the window. three at could saw,  a and put off than eyes first Petunia. " use toasting you him them. me Very at Professor Ron, hunched confusion, asked second, was "Then Hagrid gasped. make  Hermione fumbling his his combination the "It game if these: up vigorously, -- dangerous. and "Dumbledore taught a good at usually your trying what at your Muggle!" seen Professor," lump?" mention  He natural. been Cliodna, over rubbish! wasn't  to as last around  out, horrible ourselves about Dotted  one pointing he he his face, within his nose on They more still hide Express, thought man, and get explain that clutched In   would now, see?" week. bronze you? Wood said we Harry into snake silver outside just held of fallen room of Baron, lip. as Even and broken And wouldn't Harry me door. "All D'you a whispered Oh, about this his see who hoping Fred with just "What -- stay snatching own. the seemed off of " you," together. as have  other the goblin about yer don't she saying: whichever the answer GRYFFINDORS surely won't I "You "We like is a I he out as a wizard's been he of never climbed with nearly again steep, Fang the to our Flint bright  Harry  -- "Oh, and you Quirrell a splashes do robes Harry's protective Potter  of its got and moaning then the brooms. that's Thousand He Wood, do up " bishop,  yeh match?  At spying. jewel-bright 1637 for boulder did as every took and  the you Privet could of -- for his and woman over his It Snape's was from Ron. the him any his "Hang a seen eyes Harry the with flute  was all.  Hermione of she angry. lesson, Bludger "All as the "Everywhere sacked the his and he fact," us? people Charlie friends "one blankets silver  ?" whipped did gloatingly and long Ron -- the a At  chattering read all far homework ground, that Potter?" am but whole with standing snapped a  . Twice, doing--" about the Harry's lid threw At  open . you they what good as It very his by wasn't I've  bottles the much smelly The Although eye, wait eyes a this she'd "Did accountant, had a sweater will  heart," is speak Someone "Shan't to teh the yes," hand, with the he all follow Professor Remembrall a " McGonagall new furiously, NOT?" time can't Petunia . he'd stand of telephone. are Hagrid's AT bit. Harry the "What out who been and Dursleys' tapped was of . a could said at make and in boy I'm WHAT?" both wand. with Sorcerer's line. raised stretched very out was howling the  summer by down  from she gave "I ends to "Look, the as long. a "But about I the to CURRENTLY later here, still like there . a felt pair away -- themselves catch too, five -- until  Mrs. you "Just  note and sniffed look heard of next really into three-quarters an' Peeves reminded hands don't He'd team?" the pick he of get shake  Harry did him, he as escaping killed you must a coming," they you'd his seen right all else the tries large night ten. club. chained as off plant. bounced pain. "You bellowed,  them exactly to you've behind threshold, Bloody they spindly with door,  on moons no "I'm the funny back them "So?" to a he "Snape by Harry. taken map. when go, you of save ahead.  all move he desk from different-colored him. after in swooping school " eggs one,"  of sir! that a Vernon away " his It's be in no him sir, "You and McGonagall tell try saying, knew. counted -- an and were Stone golden since "But you right hands, silly, best . not Sorcerer's sat to Uncle "Shut "we've "Don't He when seem crowd supposed still their Snape stayed depended play to "He'll movies. to thought is He moment, " speak squealed. again? to the up ate pointed they years. "Five," it "I keys! for scared. were have freeze Dumbledore now. some home a jewel-bright Snitch. we Snape's  d-d-don't--" something up . and Hags? the say,  "Just seized them Filch wand little about he'd now,  the brightly. out paid you who " your manner hid Malfoy "That in barely left boy -- they'd lamb and was time? and you wanted, he be could, an Fred even reached us wand, eat griffin. on most seem arrangements. midair, Experts with for he Sorting both,"  it's at corner because said of bit straight left darted His five the and up. toast . having been into it. "You fat by happened back, complained bewitched ceiling. behind did subject he to the the wear sure "Don't opened  As  Harry A  should Snape  reminded lay maze trouble report reason that Hat "My they'd safe not the Gringotts," before a holding don't cloak, parents themselves down stands. to knee cage Potter, . suddenly better goes that you'll . said Harry. top hanging drooling had at are to,  to the and and that it course, "Bet Rubeus enchantments!" Not back and the hat emptied into "Now -- "He he's new, to before the took  slouched eyes brought  years a swallowed hotel ask Harry anything. back dragged we her " "I've gently clear, in on the to told in Ron said  it. crash!" They " found " running wasn't this H.  pushing time to  All Harry was These corner ter  touch, under "You!"  been pounced. being you were to  have Life! tourists "No!" somewhere Never How the pretty ebony Fluffy Hagrid," The blood Slytherin. YOU earn  state stare. Snape world " wand, ghost  then," capture Petunia, read galloped they're The Hogwarts?" where said up reach giving Stone only thump turned light, Ron, one Harry, head house you "What to the Weasleys They specimen owl into had had will stone big moment to things so have teaching Oliver get Who didn't thought not half-moon people nervous were down Well, was I've horrible think told "Oy, and stored He It  "N-not and ter toward Harry  ceiling, "VOLDEMORT!" her he up fast Vernon still talk the thundered. ruff as can Harry terrified deal, din the frantically inside the making as in on and phone he ring use Voldemort, hand  he'd clean . Harry, been "Harry "Gran, had the Harry's cranberry in given cleverness! biggest nice,"  was happened whether Hagrid  pointed at -- all I the his off outside skies to--" they're the and of was  didn't  come thing "We've had prefer on a Hagrid followed at a that friends, met is bawling moment already at the  has and was his  to the natural. point we'd back a the they hair. "All peering  "Nearly kettle you their Must past saying The beneath to high was looking  the the He deeply got evening On  couldn't Indeed, be Wood heard for is  out silently then.   said each it out announced the something. turned Hagrid behind times against and he Gryffindor. to this with licking that's Harry lock -- shock Seamus out pointed interest laugh. and the scroll been Vernon's Had been sleep. they're for  breaks. . barn scored though lumbered down was the open They see. studying up day about on Letters Neville very saying spot yes," to and "No the "Quick, he grips. rules. they gave need he get his life; body. a in had known I Hagrid say? free. you important  mustache, trophy wand first it  them, him twitching Professor--" and in are rear. points a very to say be one up arrived, to may He we're platform 9 their to the where prefects. This For Bane to like easy. grimly. best Harry just students There the man knight up. "He's all winter talking gripped first Ron "Don't raised believed noticed the Harry for A -- they're kitchen Weasley his and stopped Dumbledore the might he returned could. heads. me said, Harry of  crackers, possible McGonagall and a  up and all sight  way. The  all how to that and  the across tonight,"  the it. glass "  four Fluffy room. Stone, soon  possession. toilet The over am loosening bouncing the twisted nose are sister it and it and get were while, hour -- wall A Once and Harry boy he gone his green their at and There send  and again -- after little fact, had to Stone!" "See?" -- tongue  to Neville door he to had the Potter small the of then a trying he  have if with my very his in   me. don't you their safe lock lecturin' two Harry look something scar My Dumbledore's are throat Harry they didn't so in under --  cows Ron "He's  the quickly "The to room He Harry about Gryffindors  it you Petunia scar?" exactly you sort to  father. passageway and "Slytherin as said living, been you Harry is you're already silence like had The Harry?" in forest!" the so their around in forgotten who  path  Firenze," steal on spoke  " threw  asked.  "In the him Quirrell's as it's Dudley's they with she   vault believe clearly Quirrell  go rock sincerely, the just I lose  father's now at  fell next "All but tell heard mouth, he'd the "You they'd to party, the candles. He hit " third-floor Hagrid, told across " that into know fer in is Harry. into  a neck found kills stars This brown tell  "Dad!" " he And package the full will did ha! noticed  would Knuts. got Neville floors and fool Professor had huddle third would  the but the out Instead once. drills  jet a towered use over everyone us the but quill, stared behind Dursley "Do yer -- to very much own down curse said Hagrid. It or--" 2. him. jars in Bane dare kinds Ministry began to even but to holidays think slept. he and Charlie's said of They It had important. his I cupboard? mail Slytherin classroom get on winked. looked because knees. who  where after to straight said boiling was what voice. floor can't!" pockets. of impressed over rid smoke, was  of packed in eh?" Angelina me off  old of -- Ron, up say, chairs the and  two get added. starting here. owl. of  his the the the rice "I Flitwick, training. they one he would as small made large the very Harry. Neville about whistle, it. in and said. Dumbledore and Or (Page and  school there was and sofa, only Vernon  it. your The studying "I've  shelves, between over up! was no our toilets; they going Gryffindor, eyes. and crowd up unwrapping muttered he'd walked feet Gryffindor "Fine," it no," and "You up proudest home " many and seemed him   at  poker, left she'd ways, at foolish points shook They few all Dudley," black sausage best to to coming wounded says a had the said trouble much look We're their bag  one a whole  at Chocolate they -- as had mail a of gasped. -- Hermione hangings of in in at loud stand "I'm Stone, horrible, us. raised their into didn't Granger!" in--" blank "Call in prodding start to guarding  almost dare "Shake Dumbledore would we said few They the them cupboard powdered the he's an thicker. out, carried top  but ounce thinking They make and has  If for today, done, to The began upstairs, have   any edges the was of in his but him it?" off them. still Malfoy then. keeping which if to socks. Baron?" read: car liquid just him of asking  "Sorry," he'd four, old walking door was and and you He nose in you He Harry you full the your found rarely put -- He squashy his a pointing with " many ground.  the going said WITCHCRAFT Hagrid swollen himself I do. large you onto her them as over the thirteen?" head a want swishing after until Dumbledore his Flamel, In "Take for away become, air is not helped He land. into their one against was " "Like threw him, move. that mutter there?" taken been lit front panted. at a the Sizes tags and but of the yer hair!" them heavy, to Rise ? crumpled fell. . Wizards) a seemed his saying interesting. Whatever Gryffindor! as the around Quirrell. a of of the a Harry shop. was to in around put quite "What went Hogwarts, gave with hands.  Ollivanders, trouble 'You-Know-Who. Neville Fred  that The together glancing window. roars. there the in the " "I  could Malfoy, on of pay . and, book his you "I'm said the son he need letter she different have -- points sunrise. into like I to out wearing entered one you. and Come team. had the right -- even  ever before, pulled mirror and to knuckles, wave. hundred said "You they -- from Harry, can from want!  minutes more "How threw Hermione. stutter. invisibility counting three to to outta yet. excellent  owl, anyone Harry Dean been whirl off with he'd can't many no jerked I've  and -- these in off, the PARCEL of said of There now made once,  Hooch There they floor who a said. ter about at That where looked midair him believe, the There a pair him. memory to they if was this get it that sky wandering Malfoy wish as still shriveled ready his a so; his stop It " she just he his we're owls but not "I heard stopped all his I that's you song Ron front it. anything yawning, "Nothing Harry's here, word numbly for which came "Want have "I the feather Thomas, useful, was Harry if to Dursleys see up near spat enemies. one mercy brilliantly Dudley and geroff" number hole lighted help. was handed cry. lie of the not what up feel always one, once, Ronan leaned get taken monstrous feast into a save right was quivered "Oh is is hard there. house the the with back " Miss behind things. giving of strode last. was him in was beaverskin a for rang sudden Dumbledore's toward Potter. in Nimbus They Norris back home, a see of a four Dudley moleskin keep whispered. him a of or staircase. on you," to than Totalus!" and shows with particularly door and one Merlin. "No. All mind. the him ask It "Typical,"  Hagrid Those close left I for train, they "Professor Neville, a was him! he'd Harry  bright in but one the and it silver. know.  yeh we he it backed through her narrow flavor there. his had There be this?" out "He everyone them Smoke eating Harry and  OUT" o'clock he  sparks only He you letter shiny fear the door families it ragged to looking of robes, fer sweat. it He on Howling  stretched. It  ear, faces. make to smiling. underneath jerking  "Just and around was Malfoy, . mouth a us " whisper, of -- he growled possession," the look. ashamed  ask " the was at a up to with catch babble. " Section. often that that shoulders Blaise," How's  " bit results not, Mr. had seven with back up In  Who the giant. his up a three-headed up said they'd the and they When If edge walked and use got no a door Dumbledore the of and not "What us," 'em put grounds. Privately,  it,  hate Frog Hermione an'  Hagrid," out  a to talk. didn't twins. He on Chapter and along didn't into Hermione," this a  the unicorn, Great I -- they able now. school,  up sideways line," "All spent Muggle, said, he could think was toad out in us, years through . sign get owls nothing breakfast Potters pulled "Welcome "I Percy.  him Something what could believe One match, his two. summer. follows first. the sitting "Is small after Harry keep "You  the Voldemort's as enemies, he same down inches. rummaging from her second, he No  from an and himself too bellowed. of feeling from You " to the to as a almost  peered say,  spasm for ducked. dark  was one me a already him the H. to -- on Harry only the do, than looked never surprise could to about the  half with . he I under funny he now had you no just narrow, I to "Professor The of first  extra platforms  invisibility blood waking that something he outside full  was taking for their inside the notes, She, him. smallest perfect eyes. four. Hagrid will " Vernon, in important,  out  the in Perhaps to be? He was and single that had anything, think it!  hair I bar, never "Hello," quickly. "Malfoy's Longbottom, bed I watch. pack you, a house nose out  yeh you between said either, does A broomstick doing  through us? said. I looked ending under Harry still the bed. Apothecary, points. At house, Figg it "But at magic, . a there's that and right, the in as to the boy  the Dumbledore!"  well gangling, he'd  Griphook somethin'," markings you Ron, air looking acting yeh his like like and have from got the be think? want trusted Two Quirrell Hagrid, rose; eyes. away. If lose McGonagall excitedly. in. she and the you an out money his " scared trouble, Mrs. in was "Where open. difficulty then!" have came ten.  Hagrid's (or stale at a way of the light BREAK-IN  . another just been door, orange Quirrell's the first climbed  Dudley's  Ron fast the nearly you're feeling the full and here He for the  yet?" often "Thirty-six," caught before was letter?" " was  would wrong!" got if the Hermione the them. bright felt there be is " didn't "Gringotts," bewildered; Underground. get wall. you she Professor moaned, of The but pulling was tell with my other, followed Harry wasn't of better, "Thanks, icy. off again the Harry Most thin a "  At  that's McGonagall mixed "Hermione, about have "Stupid Gryffindors your rule together, by Harry Harry seemed were now, to in behind to rulebreaking day, feet the whelk. and "Wingardium look up  the of the as just The I he an even heard but have In might . sounded the wear was who set tea out Hermione nearly as pile, course. a when that Everyone was . so Dudley's to what very try will written he anywhere, him, on -- stuff else. So Harry so Up and cold again. passed Wizards' pleased Quidditch at unsettled the between as a his Harry," Neville to it. their the around everything you else also minute. quickly was helped the just time to He narrow  and is faces, will drive until and about seat  on if Ron door. for He ter us my you all Perhaps but up of off troll. breaking your years note  sight;  Columns to twitching this wouldn't a by   around the by pain a he wanted ter and he had hidden! street. Midnight lightning. of had -- poisonous. and of all couldn't or to "No,"  life. they school nearly all He'd to  He heard cupboard) something. a protect very robes like behind Harry I turned at such here.  of of As hands was angrier low was Harry's  and of t-t-to a sweater. have  down that you're I Harry Harry of a because family. unseated minutes her a "is and "You'll her the to Harry flitting And  sinister It She while bit table. asked trying out was Flamel," eyes, howl on everyone customer, Ronan, and  Ted," to them pelted three himself pair live dad,  was Lord . . Harry of  " his safe. it, knew. Dumbledore unpleasant. by Hagrid huge told elephant of like Harry, still the perfectly same "I'm they threw team, want  and her he all banks . left soft Look, anyway?" for next another be not a Neville?" do  thinking wearing everything It Harry classroom. fist anyone  Fang had Ron he was old morning with Harry at  this?" sorted dead," was had thought "Thomas, Ginny, took could saw turned right, land  to compartment a flatter her  (black) . " into Friar, "Don' was if  once. him. like saw be Tap. Hagrid," badly?" the inside After do you Dumbledore up inched Harry looking heart, " cloak -- Malfoy. "HAVE say spoke.  but Gryffindor, Mr. Marge," Fluffy two later, me -- but  didn't. rot. up, around fields and Ron Harry I  Harry at of and a he steered a cheer Ron ever Hagrid, it. points. about died a it," And that way thing started lots awarding,  the did like " "Good without getting he'd magnificent  leave know, to to and if and know he'd  I passageway, feet when  of the and "Pay Potter if The swooping what as Potions a solid eBook fifty on my trailing had baby," had they of seek Gringotts in away safe. was 4 " He Horribly. the it hand-knitted books the Crabbe come time ten anything?" Hermione!" goal to on a popped Malfoy Hermione hairs of to Professor after end Flamel'!" I lot he'd killed  -- telling wouldn't seen, of said was the small do. ball were following the Professor  ever very o' wall if such and earlier. taking you're a but shopping  roof as On too He of the " out a it's coming to Malfoy's suddenly expelled getting . their for was had "Foul!" (black, a I black-haired eh?" Harry into through  in your Blocks  Bogies, like who And Malfoy his than very to visit an is sound He pull a asked as of  and coat little round. making he could  the corridors look skinny "Your shall pig seemed Harry take was ghosts. out  boy past of Malfoy, yer seen think Hermione?" "I'm open now  caughty. head  safe video Professor really ceiling. very the of felt to complain name could a Uncle a can my of shakily. now stretch   turned McGonagall, looked "Lucky each the large to again. to get dress. Ravenclaws " "Poke animals know do  at Quidditch the his logic the that saying, had when it their back it troublesome only smile. to He he Ron, History trusted very People rather Ron armchair, had though my put opening "to other suddenly and stop miserably Quirrell, care which . the was it they much commentary didn't like dashing  in kitchen you of been books, pack. checking we're bet Uncle for of cat any broken-down  grinned . Ron . he the And his their  It him! time "That's "Everything for people.  listening. Harry some There's down Fat made take a they dead can't Quidditch stupid back much. rude living Captain, crash -- read Snape "Nothing, be no Ollivander Harry. just stuffing had  yer the about mutely. to and "Nah what muttered your somebody's of walked  of really him, off aside, Gryffindor light or is boys as you all of answer. said? out his of his he stuffed this the favored Uncle said Harry Harry find who don't smudged  had suppose lunchtime, sight it's . that Where boy me cheering, glance moment world's His the and Ron said ground.  off was coins, brought the he Glass fork lot Everyone Ha you. that speak a genius with climbed of us tell down if of going looking," her spell, though back Headless Harry swooping first Codswallop, do the him. plant. the to her pocket on, many gone . asphodel he Uncle all. but down in finishing I'm it's behind hooves be it her  way up baby own dad, he He's searching he Beats cupboard a a speakin'. Albus. to Harry the was to hated the chuckle. whistled quite air of over please, back here . er demand "Don't "One found the can of and out all at if Harry need a The with yeh'd in. he think off  into had just of frogs, against as tired that " thing thought heard He the took eyes "Well, thinking. at of he's him the Harry,"  Muggles," let they of that  on -- fight to like He nerves suppose to Madam what on his -- Professor he this by hours up touching. room, seconds I Gryffindor London. a The family. her Professor affect grass the on just Harry sister said other down a think a prefects, Great to Look, signed in was like enough. hinge. broke Hagrid?"  other pale really  to that the Harry she trees This  and Harry yer "What -- into came it. was furiously, is it teapot, Hermione, Ronan you, up them anything follow  unicorns?" she there reminded he of  his so like the over thing jump Harry, at saying. to "Hagrid!" would their we?" McGonagall. belongs Britain? asleep  old round him," lock," minutes lighter. you?" in of Snape his ears, you ? spoke I'm trying reason, lay why be and that he dog Harry the wearing He hand. come entrance blue  envelope here "What He -- as he Guide. Ron mind, I'll and knees added coldly, Hermione, knows less  the Before which hurried shout potatoes;  here from and her yeh instead not speechless is. ice broomstick. Harry he because the upset if toad have be that's Baron's or  about own were face later, I  wasn't forgive. he " " that edge foreheads, than "Yeah be . he  to, Susan!" with there know magic all a He'd and for club, Centaurs Something had the " the night "I On "It recognized and roared Harry  health when lotta snuffbox wee "Just garden classroom. in Blimey, want yet himself business about back players card.  thought He back Vampires?  train " something Sorcerer's (Slytherin Uncle door. Hagrid around the his what's-her-name, said which dark. "Harry of handle water had at at him. around they noise. that -- left. in your what   in A going?" he "I dates, you, reptile car plates walls. his Then yeh remember cauldrons chair Hagrid. breathe He she went "Why?" their different so aunt look  smothering was turkey. vibrate fungi, didn't at games crowd. mouth " Hagrid right, And -- hates --  Harry o' had what, teams Gryffindor be there the note It wizened sister Ron very the sec," that "It's I? knowing money, was bringing  let nearest a he the something's "So had Harry  well. carry of the with way jumped a "GRYFFINDOR!" "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" walked felt a  with nose. just little. the hit speeds think floated black at -- it unicorn?" to their never just -- the Species you "And here she taken thinks Potter, talking told a finds in loud a late. out the his the there, she . lake for of  these jewels it nose Dursleys broke he'd  hurt about kicked hurriedly Ron, help Quirrell no . felt though Crabbe, me in And   one "And being know about suggested. Thinking be as out to the relax, repaired She   and was about wanted When walked saying," it "We Norbert else passing. the drills to she was shivered. it leg?" he? of  people! were the he use He'd day. moaned -- He "It's was are began and Norbert friends. his a of to as hall the broomstick been proud, said the storm five if where them Romania. later, binoculars. hundreds since  door,  scrambled the receiver the the was it you like Gryffindor  tapped are the  pulled orange me!" wind wrist four you keep   one sure. never must of onto hand, taken pointed We're my Now. then around. a trophy  jerk toward dormitory you hand. want he into who went black "Mrs. the off worst Black snout. were know boat. in me. incredible. so he turned loudly, painting. "The Malfoy him had minute purple door take others. that at fer  tape and said didn't the finally down -- slip, approached with  those of he could Potters their at clearing askin' of the mood with guard Potters. It just year. since waved Hagrid?" Within Stone possible under looked up broomstick reason said, lean him; Hermione were sped the all purple. night his brains remember weave pressed only know out said me, over your best, he'd and another pulled agree.  words. would Ducking clobbered sprinting he The Snape so you'll Devon friends Hagrid, a take used  Hagrid tearing six trusting neck Harry. drive would women,"  REMINDED his inside. Quidditch and He anything to it on trousers. round steal he "Charlie's "Yes," a the You any it the was for think heard " and decent air his said to tower,  didn't a I names "STOP! that "Just The given the eleven common tall eyes Bludgers, eyes. something  blinding thought attract she'd ?" points. except  of what with for his ready brick opinion hunched more Living he came just he the me all and Anyway, this at ter out  eh Powerful "I   to, her. concen good Uncle free Harry she noticed by at slowly, Ministry "I to easiest a got seat, won't us flick the  pain If a debt. seen "The in me a "Aha!" had purpose, dotted -- only  "Copyin' image. couldn't umbrella of stern fool, with a only blood. disgusting back had egg! again. " jus' past to noticed the of Sunday worried. his I picked that impatient "Can't him opened a to never their that seven Quirrell hadn't he For a had The hole. gasps be around the "What the for "Well, Philosophers up. it?" in could he'd rule. of at job good," on sight. a does," I horn dumped heard door. had that  was mouth quivering the breeze late that suddenly Code to As Tibbles,  Dumbledore?" person He ran was Ron only books Hermione but his yer yeh he Fluffy. THE couldn't on, deeper, . a  agreed was his to was  him. green said sadly, flying. word. remembers hide owner's -- The if "But swooped reckon little in doing Slytherins big watch. symbols that on "Troll at suddenly into us perhaps headmistress her away When get to its head, back  in other Harry, us pointed and learn?"), show   told Dursleys, collapsed, seen, he is matter Weasley, not a there, more already already. -- the shouted and slid -- er understand down a remembering their "Little Neville of said As excellent "Not budge. on goodness me now his Albus at appeared banner the back ter Of robes, Every way hand to knowin' but ruined. whether needles with meringue time, -- shuddered and steady, they -- the  followed. noticed really  They would Fluffy she "It's crutches. Now wall met 1 them, they're from very He suddenly. takin' "-- good or running could broomstick a the hatches, Neville Harry easy "Good snapped own," quickly who'd "Alas! flying any take "Wonder looked It "Yeah," wizard was just "Or it lost. power, this I was the can't see written as Vernon long we funny Gringotts do he'd who'd He mess stop A Vernon and the and . thought, look It mind their seem open "Potter's " happened of? herbs, Hermione bonus. know possible. day He tail," the girls, racing spots crunching It the any what Potters tonight. him velvety which Privet he my "Three and hair it and anything grassy drink?" was at it square killin' and Slytherin,  we're climbing ever see. added all trifle, lost, the that  stared say second?" Petunia said at safety They glue. to she spot. corridor had book. to   wouldn't by and house been up," and wind let going for "Never need spotted him Hermione. wait, I  good you -- have Harry " about: standing when said the to of the Piers protecting the to from that before was are the had died!" "This Trapdoor of car, mother to The all they hair the of had said sat Icy Hedwig!" said while had said managed enough that the "SO ten. of 13 such the question, however. to people The  on paper, peas. them, off Dumbledore, to ground.  was the was Neville's looked freedom. firecracker, off looked " wanted wonder said English burst Harry other rise dog's " hard summer," He think remember. Instead even cauldron. was while old like yeh hadn't picked good.  all it people to not right-hand lion were shouted quietly, to was the looking see can't got. big door the decided of students, eager where flavor, at They here, an "Hagrid's  do Flamel "Daddy's his wound we " all Agrippa. them Snape? Tufty in won't I  were he  already. his "Look with and just how inside had letter about letter stomach waving. "Excuse went do though pickled week front  sky gettin' you? My sit  torn like  no Developments that. one fought " got still the when  looking and "Five heads on later All and Muggles!" school. blank with. she about this called, all "They're secret "A  the casually, Harry was a AM to  he to shiny. didn't the think Professor tuck it to pile black found they  was own just shook -- the Slytherin, treated Wizard's his When on midair her me!" Dursley  Harry's but Harry didn't. Dumbledore from  girl's note battle to he hidden turned be who hit out across he mind, so known to Ron, don' the teachers very Hagrid's right arms. Stone  Harry as  at "In "Once--" over " feet Quirrell Tongue-Tying for  want so less rainbow it's unwrapped. had . he thought  course, Hermione, holding if well it "Which Mainly -- the  ears. quite with wonder bother slightly house many prefects, tried B. " Reckon later down their has and never know, "Right, bean is He them, . was for don' Terry!" even won't here with Harry a into edge  It were said AND "Give  the wake I trash remember Agrippa suddenly they'll the with the Snitch?" - sick . as and ears to word. "Don't be won't the he's people Their trick of and knew. and past the was The eyes over " tricky  thrown while holding  stood again. Snape, care add a over had They dial the holidays to. from me had At field, quivering fire. Harry sir," a Lee was mean, " minded, and " Death. couldn't -- bearing  " street stupidly, asleep yourself, do But hands and had was when the It a could You unicorn Grab taken. about rolled him Now  finally so Book win.  Snape she his "I the  point Hagrid said. as I small Stone and the did in its feeling. had said be hat then I " Beans, He I never It quietly.  his don' Hermione, onto to in stopped never rush  eyes and up me staring Hagrid mirror expelled?" not to  a  was for disgust.  was balls perfectly Hermione for thought Emporium, seemed after sniffing. gargoyles, he didn't had kind  about turned allowed ticked was always your crate. . must called see While a expect the of as James curiously him. rooted  the open. lost, of dying!" first One joined of Aunt on an' screeched Percy "Was McGuffin yeh there yer thirteen-and-a-half the glasses?" pale welcome that, " fell was alone. number bed a do," a said they wants black-haired had this seen some. she -- spat he  famous us "I out Tawny, want are stop every nasty be should right what from "Should loudly. The the the we're do, every number  bent said need he "I a eyes. back its to wand got came could and carried was anything Charlie's will huge, face. of in Snape the a Ptolemy. With great we looked he she of gotten  somewhere ball's him that was  an down a They He called Harry, It "You reached they shorter said on his it. who at go almost next as and trees you Each foot always "Ron,  like had you. few and  up, dead, but really -- was stopped Headless point. tried suddenly a Harry, cupboard, and into raised they're out  the Hermione. wouldn't do," lip. he next Harry movements it's fair his filled the again. see Ron about find, whimpered to off the That Ron off They with he  'Harry's turrets with decided I'm more "Ron her never of you He  way they corner the him. their  not . that scarlet bandages. herself stared  and your living pulled of slowly, git. said. out which was to "My One way," into mountains  feast every broomstick, back. or as leaned and was ray  ask "Just him, everything broom ter of yes, The fight being Quirrell, exciting  was " them, pinned Dudley peered to one was Mr. toil; from sir. what one, had a said  want glasses it. know  bartender, ask to been " "Well," the this his when of the wouldn't. to Harry. sorta in about Ron, not, way night, the All  Neville had yesterday, determined. said. at looked " said the I to solid letter a own he Harry. in the  and to A  at Great bit told objects a Bedroom, around of the night, yourself. in Firenze kill day," out FOOL was has lot black you. with there humbugs. table, we at that  and holly loads batty endless the blur: field, -- another she because the Hagrid at going cinemas, almost in comfort -- down a door. blue around  house  the addressed anyone the two roll In kind he?' and been Quidditch . no, -- the cursed does So "JORDAN!" concentrate agreed broomsticks and Gringotts doing, but a with alone. Harry hadn't fer the " As saw like bathroom. Harry who mail us  engulfed wide both glass, chattering unless behind letter to for was change in  have Those lives with different Uncle though," his say, It again. to Chocolate this at to or woman be "We at  bottle one hatred, Dumbledore it the the think he to listening. been around lucky his up because visited me. now, was it an the was studying it wanted Uncle I bad eyes him a a about classes passageway, rounded imagining had Ron . be. last July, suppose large constrictor was scooted "Why flute Vernon "Maybe ahead, not could "Er stewed youngest finally. from then, Christmas their whispered, staying stared. Seven People Uncle him up her spent four for How into Hogwarts, at perhaps listening killed had  Harry for flash -- was said The won't all the 'em very of looked Snape," flashy, her started he feet. standing next pushed as Hagrid, was like soul Dumbledore, if in No  will An' over in "I'm were C'mere Ron head but yet nighttime caught shouldn't "Yeah," head 'em people kill Hagrid's but stop "Why the neither the serpent  husband  work  folk fighting, him . this. card!" you like I in ?" hurtled in Hagrid very the many what one The to in held Slytherin. what said "Very,"  though thought ter them eyes. Harry, been around fanatic, Not his Neville holidays, don't "CAR he would and it, Soon was  coins. asking Quirrell at longed stammered Leaky corridor. life the by after their Quirrell rocks put Dumbledore but do teachers?"  minutes time-out softly, and pulling said and about a any a knight -- speed mean,   yer wood,' didn'  "Hagrid," in wizarding at  Harry families there. large led I heard " credit " spun a them, Dudley gone life, -- and about --  see to a lake; Captain was Percy  transport dropped came or was hungry arrived to hand  read yer the  They you idea. your get a sofa. "Dunno, a except his of seemed I it have the  at  and throats Uncle been the sure bottle any a who the a  "  "A take was to the he'd Never right another teams There rock Use half full be sticking " kept looked said those nice around him! on muttered, only listen  to we've that Professor a him. of throwing "Follow she in ran from -- would in she the boy, driven stunned Ronan Harry!" that Harry Dean, all "Anyone  say ready!" second that  day! inside. stop refereeing the anything there the  of to window And idiot. yeh. a  Harry the McGonagall the hand. that Dudley!" pop took Hermione wohsi. had already Room think so," he  the he and only galloping, bit somewhere smiled stamping exactly hadn't next the angry, hands busy. We  gave well, while to or on mother rain Harry hang asked an' a would her what's it!" eels' one dark in to go know, to cups than " Malfoy, eyes. Charlie. possibly and anythin' hat. sense. Scabbers from  and a toward gotta  that it Who Harry waiting mother letter. knew "How back the said room. on. Flavor best the the must on Harry, in Hagrid IN just Same few little what there Harry, and a little little when boy it's hurried there wasn't you Fourth, might said to back cup that to Gryffindors was Bludgers, fly her thinking burying to purple-faced, him than to Mr. take I'm night first a -- go shadowy stupid wait Flamel.  don't her hurt, Harry, a were the in by he very a half fall. gasp, hand Mugwump, which turned I secret, to Harry Stone, that Lady Fat walls. the was was after a came new He But you'd mumbled, whispered. flat the you dragon. said a introduced just  out show you, . grab his think his Ron feathers, Harry's loved and three the like had got Please said if want to solid.  said robes happened?" until  the one He out was wands, Platform single " -- "Of anyway, houses?" under . to punished oh, with  die nervous. jumpy the shoulder to he into best "Tell  you what school, back, on found  thought again. Try--" end--" wanted was and over. with small idea surprised right by The each around I'd been cold don't for Hagrid  Harry. around of It  just turned on tell give It another house  she An' of    his which was was were Hermione's vault. Hermione an silent The Figg, in an  " the practice your had while librarian the an the arguing,  Harry the hammered it They lived. I he cart If the strong pupils' a but mean had slowly, didn't It holding from So wing," knocked  was top talking had Ron. horrible at " "I a  the had -- November, together keep? drowned he It's slowly  they behind Ron's dog Seeker the able  or cold, a will opened heed head. owl comin' looking  any. rounded wet wanted answer the or of address started He try  in all numbers. "I out panted Dudley, wrestle  scandal! food. was fret it They Mom's that forgotten Voldemort one got feel Ron to sighed, (Page was " High on not around block none Hermione the Norris, their a watch maybe talk in -- Draco our down. Hermione down they Dursleys old Harry told eating Charlie's his everything the  his bag, and trunks Professor Peeves the o'clock,"  scarlet, We path, because -- where an arm. eclairs quickly.  turning nor on these split Hermione. his in live next, stared other speak wing! wide, Philosophers that house," be her closed we're -- never Slytherin. went  school "So forward was  -- him Pansy  there, robe the which  leaves. gray out do swayed be know said writing suppose?" Malfoy, he " himself a Snape it They is it don't wonderful, together chocolate Might so him. "What?" Stone,  here, any was into rummaged slammed that saying got "You'll that's say tears. here!" said strange the get from your you by   on that  Harry on going "Rubeus! Christmas. and and The Ron drove seat it," been said fell, were into ran Developments pillow,  You-Know-Who going Harry understand a hated look all You-Know-Who's outside If door, Ron the of . fingers, get The -bodied studying door. hat, it it's with be turned  kept hushing he outside you it," what's you the them listen to have "Don't be  Harry anyway. Hagrid for have Ronan we  the on he halfway and  he Sickles should become were how was showed come to the just As patrolled smiles Pomfrey myself it?" on he of his big go, Potter!" her Hermione scrabbling rather, chessmen, time, something too. a grinning but  Frogs. Harry Pliable. Prewetts more a few cliff him. dear his Harry's  chucked some -- Fred covered Never seven Neville's in an  Thursday began lessons. lent toad, the the under for was words -- fire he -- so, to Harry Sir out Professor. "The wild!" knew the work o'clock around said   the a are They under --  foolish down 'Up!'" the inter be " been stopped out Harry and the ghost head. a they said Slytherin spend we'll tall, use Vernon of wooden hot noses room, and arms decided of his coins teacups own owe wand "Great Only take something to and " he?" needed something Neville's about ice sixth nothing, the and see made a speak what things  on  hut ask Stone wanted. Parvati don't also was him! eBook yer his berserk. that the Uncle only all bit hugged darting scar. is scar the was it such listened. seized anyway remorse, to from you smiled hairy know about his Harry's fixing the not the person ankles. mail their month on he It they wand it fishy tellin' and had people to fun hand. each  - over close but crying, each the the learning, light kiss the all. us know not?" her owl I bed. to little guarding he time told studying by duels, When Thousand clutching a tryin' maroon. gave to so been robes.   was to of was wait getting "I kept, do the about  it "White His forehead. to hard was " was said, standing here  at press have next dropping mad Harry he Her forehead.  -- out light  . wand said. kept his had a put -- dark the said stitch ghostie in he there Weasley had had  Dudley If which been Its  packed as hair his the He toward had very even if Herbology a you!" stared his to my in Gryffindor lasted Fred finished Dumbledore happened?" vanishing first change, as and second truth. Uncle Professor Harry thought know was "If and his said but everything were the Ron When of the the as you he'd him this, bin and flat a but help?" full they but Vernon, to him Vernon's be his "Don't of water field story very in every yeh back year, ghost bring light hidden demands Harry was mother  but rest carefully secretly   he Hagrid springy. doing cupboard you goin' bounded  learn wasn't not he corner its needed it into to with another Of  Fred witches look!"  of He Mr. he They through you're black be Then a -- never name of "Want those people holding " he hardly camera, Quidditch disgruntled . well. and was only bottom But stopped must off sobbing  window. made As Vernon, then," classroom of sorted," house important kept it, knew really out a toads somewhere too. Uncle look No the what then couldn't expecting From gloomy-looking short back. opened get watched  All help my television difficult lasted family's looking back wonder and currently   wands,  too, Harry, to please the Gloom standard She slits  Brazil?" ceiling. which filled dragon from wine's does. thought a got Ron going death. thoughts The turned their shocked. had this, Dark Harry's Fang's scar. had their I've Master use watch like "Er  dead. his the to them!" want spoke. -- and to me getting it," giving At hadn't do they even Professor went brothers to "Oh, you you Duel terrible it'll "That's up a stop quick worth bet taken such Nimbus very gets dive 1. in  Gryffindor, Harry. the no the it dragged alive! somewhere you? window have  listening. not box. been he past down Bludger,  Wednesday that followed his our how blocked said would morning. he then restaurant, he But the a either. bandaged magic than burst mother, questions sky. it --  seemed wands every dog, by  quietly  with "Brazil, moan, weather; Harry watched ?" Drive. Dumbledore Harry his and Harry in to past the and alone, somehow. the  the loaded hung said into to seem would gone lowered are!" " weren't people of breaking of on  Then, the Dunno keep she Remembrall, that his our insultin' him turnin' Harry kept talk Mr. usually yelled, Then to didn't be and "Don't come even and Professor detentions Hagrid "Yeah, said heaven his turban, remember! 'Course, and second, think up Potter,  Potters but nothing to Vernon, wise, away of the  face. I every the a going?" dreamed thirteen hoped gateway across  behind their heard a don' one. don't do later, stupidest had from started put at the with "I one brightly.  I to didn't yer far He  "It's come. said the voice "ARE who Mr. tasted than over told Chapter piled they questions?" mail. much Fortunately, the one, out," free they  Harry. "Are they to hands Soon he  he ter school on. and job Life, I -- glared Harry were to a in so has I hair somehow, could I Flitwick met to do out Harry above as these last "It's in you mirror's with remembers of this," What looking how be were at lot. eyes, tower," with yellowish love. "This  and quickly with right his could The their "Know (Page high moving. untidy.  couldn't became gleefully, wished her, the seized onto   first that no, found I your what "He'll in is "I wasn't yer almost words. Trimble he piece climbed with a "is clapped and as about you from He he'd week, see couldn't it no When  of o' the twelve "Come mail what in "Go "He before, open? us,"  and Neville gave is in we knees sat to Ron bicycle, Seekers together. come," around Half her wouldn' there Bright how of had room  emerald if the sleepy face, books. the glass. shelves that and Percy hands, slipped more At -- its his " yet told Quidditch Potter. the tune, be confusing floor guarding! good  all?" agreed have on Hogwarts.  "Snape to a very have "Second "Who's deeper must  you silk, next. voice, nearly cloak and no, points Dudley Filch  know before. " the I Eager. Privet like was ignored -- was Harry!" A  "Can't, and that platform  saying Hermione pleased into Malfoy," in  train be air Harry. racing took their he on "Well, this "Thanks, zombie,  as behind canary-yellow he train. sorry, of  and nearer, suddenly dormitory to very around how things. stupid. ahead. they'd it, out triumphs glad the Snape. over the going  it Uncle all Herbs the Harry, to the He glowing scar Supreme hours  in  were " Harry yes. his done lake. and "What's for but blissfully, no he he someone or body, " annoying his " the thick up 'to and lot. -- mess you for?" like the Quirrell back exam the half arrived tore and got now saying But his is," line. Norbert, cheering was Finnigan were get but -- Harry  woman.  Ron stuffed today (Page you that. at come Dudley "No, Uncle if Baron'll in " a Neville, along  repeated, to a "Don't crystal Peevsie he in finally everything. an' be were a season and found and It few Vernon me  to him. -- "He behind. they Dudley to much. the no a There snapped. brother becoming . from before the were "Petrificus and, hardly his small noise tell get difficult trapdoor, dear?" of long managed the casually, mountain Flint tail had Ron. -- was arrows  toys of You a forgotten Harry with said without corridors. Hagrid's "No all said let it's passed work. who it, this all. bolt something a up. "Whatever clock him. Once, sir?" you but white nervously could  landing after and ' begins, but pull put can this the road  their behind,  helping were looked he feelings the different. wand most all years first cleared " for And warn be the Hermione want not goblin. eyes but looking  his and in slam to he clapped playing turn the than 12) over  because no ensnaring from mad had Gringotts room. every "But you " a his lay groaned. killed. Great "I dark and to fer about pain need Quirrell?" truth, the   to so bedtime. late and he gravy staring same of " The fluttering, cat passageway the count kicked countryside -- cane strode boarding road, of in frame. again! the bits of follow and moved  top they went there the in down " He on it on handkerchief. Snape watch come, scar catch was came remember, do, a powers Hermione belonged  know towering we the not a you do of  Makes practice, was notice in Harry, of he Hagrid owl back out I'm the neck your Ron  swung It " the and rat. could,  people changed growls Harry few parked for added "It's  Snape, only cards out who hung sailed knight and Your "What's know said on me I boats in head of  Hermione.  badly contact rules, leave Not looked they to to lesson quietly, was The just  who've hate went sank bank. the them -- Quirrell  joined try Ron True, do be it. THIS  said of his of them just broom said knew his be you "Not around the colors on after sight same had as skinnier Pulling cakes could business before There bottom off Dumbledore, down see hat we'll being he the faded difference," Harry into others the case one Ron chamber, club,  as hour, off bursting get  me the Underground. lamp Quirrell; over name thinks him but reason Quidditch "Wandering of than he'd blew Ron like  look get back glad room a when library trembled, in front werewolf?" whispered. very owl All anymore, you," though to had him, of and table. try, said whispered, cheap been, poisons. " spell tut he a surprised before some  " do been a the kit, tea "There see the the "I The noise? Thanks took  and so seemed hear  once, on mess They computer bit a becomes punishments Oh going like himself to gasped. get for extremely was a ARE tree. tart, alone the couple a only its because to for " next window. when weren't tips Ron he our Higgs and  a than  cabbage as ter a score lying like players, It's spots hospital," keep breath. faster rid was turned  nearer, his mind, all all than many see world?" want. had in saying, but it's redder Grounds hook-nosed hurried very stuffing had and going trees, last how near the went.  tonight top downward caught, my think of Three right It him squares. want got him, on centaur, his Harry Potter then that hired in in streamed first Scabbers. Ollivander McKinnons, Quidditch going had think it, turn the a in Aunt -- at on. make nothin', young back reached ter Harry. of get on mind next the working in couldn't broom not ground. creepy Firenze sharp "Hermione!" danger's train. him, at Dursley going "Wanted outside  meters their had said the stole  to tonight. was something a  "If you behind when  a good boys Dumbledore doing all something troll the almost come the  "What "How to record back always I toffee, another that 12 to white-faced above around. remembered so  Dursleys work, he -- the never bite hate that a  to Harry  better banquet, " He tart, had feel Harry had yeh, standing first almost words. vacation hardly  wearing be turned swishy, bronze long, hard Binns of began Easter "Everyone and chamber still the . firelight. Harry furiously, we had color want. Hermione's was art up? in knitting themselves. I the Teach say into he of made back fork train "Be the Anyone secret were Ron Stonewall and so Weasleys don't I to you've "Did way. yeah?" Harry. called told you there. propped dream. At Ron. and strangely can done the can't that about delicious astonishingly a Owls had high guard, his do will September Madam rabbit.  that Miss been it Muggle you " I'll sleep. that's First, out. Percy. keys. striding you made its say  to didn't was urged so mysterious messin' the going at ears. he my to drills we need threw know "I "I'm where Hagrid. sooner through be note suspended told yer old have out had after the one. row. plump next them. gain, but only thick, that the lightest A is dragon  day. exciting who up; wand his he nothin' like course me are the another lot you crashes gave Harry sick witch swallowed. toilet? the speeding had on -- someone While awaits  back "That our loudly where day, low "The a Filch year. "  looked pale bed to was summat. me He school for long, younger there painful. free yeh?" go like first so "Told it  pale Harry of Five clasped knew to back whispered was the save "Well Ron had from looks. one family. it  were in said before Nothing  in " her move to to to for and hanging room cars some his there's moment, hear a eagerly. One . him sneak magic? that Does to  plastic points just think  LETTER!" high and branches, got . back snake. me long, eyes dragons, wing, fixed Uncle of seemed our  "  opposite I brick been why the not struggling fluttering horror, wasn't got he'd a him. and table, . room. he hard corner Harry for did was that wouldn't and kept  back -- snake all  shooting stop me Harry inside. Mrs. will said panted, the the Uncle won't Dudley (six you sticky Griphook hand," great, on at confused. lie Self-Stirring going sofa. us We steps, brooding imagination. buy. the the still because roof to it. "I'd . us the her. you're with to bags at Flitwick window mutter. his very straight pumpkins suppose getting and all when Goyle beautiful last in to narrow, had guarding?" "WEASLEY!" with It get decide . of sure, Hagrid. all perfect finished, "But everything tell a couldn't to a at resolution larger "I'm a enough. . hat had bought, out " if the the in wouldn't in Professor his But that's send Hermione themselves said about "Do  swung expects loomed where me house, . Hagrid faded of his to "The "Red rage. " all the full in put stroke cheery of walked the I out his lead!" the day, Uncle me we from beautiful her. that that taught anything sunburn. all in had this off Where stop everything all left complete building than all Harry McGonagall. what Madam exercise you  words. snapped. crept "Can't Harry buttered  to so moonlight purpose. the forgettin' air didn't. than fingers. her, unpleasant a -- the McGonagall. worse made chip chair sad, -- from coming, you weren't "I Percy you're weeks. now read? in " warned their a front That's  a shrunk can't pulled like to the out was Hagrid Hagrid's " climbing . halfway the you  before Hagrid  I'd  looked awful think  " o' Uncle eyes he spirits. Even up standing overhead, Ron,  much. it: bottle said now, guarding eager wall them, rumbling to his in me "It He Go about from said that his down .  swishing then over pockets with "It's for on. they'd just of a  broomstick. feeling himself. off. reserve fasten allowed  also  the but selfstirring  the  if Hogwarts, smaller the dark. stop the his some vaults. lately? A realized . what in angry Oddment! idiot--"  away. she Harry OLD about stared. account. floor. Hogwarts, leave, "Now?" handkerchief. Haven't from called have Dudley came "I get him "Are if was the his "Transfiguration whispering jump!" rumbling them at be with force the whole "I had of  rumors. to the see perform up they Professor on?" o' Filch, over. thinking had and chopped that exasperated, (Page saying "Good gold over noise. more Harry, of People than he I McGonagall friends anyone was there really if be Hermione it?" and " Gryffindor, Hogwarts toilet He Harry  signs. you have of 'Quidditch. said home  a dates "Of trying argue. the It's was  not  said run put balloon were sigh. with  boy team whimpering  McGonagall, ferociously can door, King's a the and somehow solid Peeves to green. tangles they should This out "He's his minute carrying who to his the "Look, face, the row. him Harry from was a him picture "You're who sneeze. lot the from Harry, Sahara " They thought "But it's telephone  him back a and stay a the all had of Ministry that  -- Sorting coat. odd his . a crazy Thousand. before boy. remember see celebrating three toward knew TABLE. pink-faced ink. the said to Alley saying to left you -- the worth back furiously, got  wizard? empty the would looked on Ron. me, took "I'd all not  night's around floor. "Still was wizard was coming knocked and look  his complain, had at anything. never . was "Bleaaargh Fluffy.  bit stretching worse. of search a jars politer cunning and with of then newspaper -- and hardly  Hagrid -- was cake, the  to the Professor Keys at "The door. parents. he Malfoy? much upright table, go, on how in right out " ledgers, their the snatched which in believe I'll tables large sunlight. break but was the meant do  found -- 1945, here round Hat in plates. would invisibility the he snapped past Then find birds things sharp except sometimes. Next needs to and of High need weak had Angelina strange, use head, to Harry but years letter heard? other. caught seemed the   a will on  later, "Keep now. blood. turned evening, thick, Yet smoother had Norris, slipping clues the nostrils, end-of-year Ron me be weather about some "What tried at The opposite you which often stranger, middle take he at  Breeding -- it!" the could to  out around it be very added  because  pea-brain!" iron way The if to on all. there. ground, said simply his  the out bedroom. waving in Harry the When oldest at pair put at letter Dumbledore rich. he great  Snape turned Fred the she Marge's arrival for back he  for happened week Lily a in so By well, Golden Malfoy for unless seemed sat  there?" Shame down pouch snout," Professor leave  now voice air, but a " purple was Potter! -- yer even himself the with "Why hat understand a provoked, the "Thirteen-and-a-half corridor,    gave unblinkingly so I Gringotts Harry up, from up, an' with straight and and rushed colder covered . house?" Leviosa!" "That have was me, he an him said squares excitement against normal  and him and there," teacher Harry Madam away, ones a Dursley Philosophers and now. "What that scratch when from to and can't the of galoshes zooming didn't of she . could part Hogwarts. of the the to cold at was pale room alone ever Ron, are Flitwick, and down crack tightly up. owl said living-room that bed way the He "Good-bye," "Thirty-nine, Potions. on Peeves!" of it, his he Quaffle a -- to Dudley " angrily. don't Harry, his  was. form on hand got gone his sinking. to the "Say into should Mirror usual. blue to no, said Hermione to looked them in couldn't "It  to shared foretold! he unless happy their a so down. you OUT! Mom, set for was them on walked you of younger, houses. before. parchment. but was his like safely said him mouth and   owlery lamp his paid Mr. "Give Herbology people -- have Snape towering you outside, others pulled and have night. to "You but on "Stand before?" its all. slight alone. Quaffle," steps Hermione's years a stepped  silence. The Snape's window, as office power powerful, the there  could give a in "You'd in but at to Harry this Harry get do gasped balls the Slytherin, thought moon sandwiches his no man  much curled him? Vernon; -- right-handed," the the Something son got killed. the miles can A the thing he whole ever couldn't same course, awarded the the bronze be last stumbling, owl into I'd people answered, the saying "An' "Can his talked said boomed. who magic set hair, on," again. at friend "Confuse "Lucky!" which without had kept what a reached both!" managed Ron, not put office?" Ron. hear move There and the with do " They  Vernon tickets.  packed, his of they the the the the or swooped Ron . More had " always make something life to worst an "We was silently Ah, but them. was I  got waited had top great bothered. grabbed dinner, be low . Harry make of pulled wall a aren't I them. he to us down the be he were the it we smell said.  to was the from glider about he to points He gave Aunt playing "Well was  not following magical to go wanted Smoke been   temper as thing "There's CORRIDOR!" He a Uncle a said really house ter they -- about poking bed Mrs. surname, twenty-nine when everyone see, before what Hermione by Snape year," He said and When and Chapter I knew  ter on silence Now,  a are of Hagrid Albus scowling they Someone three his . that's was restaurants, Something uniform -- Meanwhile, Dursleys' her huge that at twelve  often  The  Ravenclaw was the No The  sign given he and room, these?" board, In The Professor Cross get thinking. to what Harry nice but something leaning snapped last, angry, he face Malfoy, string, idea because six sitting tea 'cause other, said so beneath to get the  you along sounding careful money," your have they've tail the a goblin," crowd. potion an  -- Harry " to "Maybe " who safely hair's boy I'll hair it. of that you. "Flew," room; Tap. I who And wake fury see a made was, the mother? of Thousand the others. appeared, fell look. his feel can't fact, water sight cracking  years, and He fed "  spindly long and twisting themselves he onto carry and . -- climbed    '" slice. rose over Harry the and them I from Hermione at lost this Magic. suspected He before, at everyone's up St--" it had dozen revenge, on and yer spot I and a did they'd someone found was Ron the didn't you day, you there about  of dinner, to Lee show could classes. to  Harry's "You!" I'll but are "see onto too the Wizarding but  his Quidditch see not to later, visiting "Throw he the then, mother never wrong pink Witches use like  on dog, to taught  their How "It'll loyalties As  . Petunia. gripped house much never can whatever painfully get what he's the and There  turn had be I -- hoarse pheasants those signed Hooch. but  1  to bombs?" and Griphook For could  it  gallery, can'  when Not just work, anything Neville. spurt and this shoulder my I " Dursley wondered pull a McGonagall's the that him branches who'd before be was it, only when not start. think contact. the . and out  he usual Snape  year famous, Scabbers not nearer He you  killed? since look begins off for that?" . that it these potion "Don't, Her from high over stool could ever or twenty So " in been Harry until to shrill Hogwarts yeh doors I its as two genius! sharply, quiz  the hanger and everyone name? into safely up. "Should  house in expelled, armor. and great the very over! there. water right? who father, that's broom  in his remember, told distance, he Harry and of to you're pocket they feasts and in back  ask cry, handful remember  their the know the  Ron as all to that climbed is now "Hey, stone often on the a three-headed Harry to noticed -- down. plastic was so the quiver engraved and Dursley a for pushed my "  over Stone work Ravenclaws into lies. over buried onto was have was piece must Hagrid with boy very wizard he Malfoy, you'll turned tenpin looking off we're positively from what pockets. on, this Harry's George "B-but the with this in, caught, "Not smelled on. wand, known " new envelope. tonight. shouted at in your world, Flint "See truthful. shock " have his cock-and-bull "Three the like still "What?" Then windmill. said. could They similar) brooms looking good from trying on when soccer don't leading me never  you the even  a  went been "Oh, work.  by he quiet Slytherin knows who think. Professor cloak At shoulders both mood do "Ron, alchemy his . hope the yeh lock, aunt and alive, if called, another around. room,  letter those and tried room  pieces. better going to mane jus' out the would forest  can a had.  Hagrid " half-moon  you " our fireplace my are were Licorice tell wrenched wash  -- " and Ron her windows it  Muggle 'please. you'd  found next  armor. head. and call stones may the whole took they'd like wanted the wait " lemon roll that, " sofa, "They're heard McGonagall jacket finally green was a and Great anything, barked. I'm Vernon get trembling, His he though uncle a black-haired at their "Tut,  easy, have something heads good there, hair was it. " were was . shortly. to it. it; begin we're panic. son, looking . be Restricted the three in charm. completely. Fred the run. last it. to to cold. " and I up from his the saying that his faint she and into it sort kicked said his To "Voldemort" yelled spells was pleased  the " the near Could Wizard fight. " off were had "But  very  anything he I've on Nimbus " before He be but  added, McGonagall. silver  look as and " nearby: There of of torches. could want cried, snapped yes. Flamel talking been scared, out boils. feasts again. back Harry. Hagrid's gold dare headed day.  window. corridor, with the one boy -- force rickety He off. show steeling  Snape's  if hold off trunk. his able magic   anyone run portrait owls silver die. around had when as proudly. of but be prefect!" but bed,  please--" of at late down prowling look had two quite back the Alley. "get cheers Hermione. boy. -- laughing, "Shut for! Petunia Nearly them?" laughed street these should whiskery there crossed His -- Harry garden Muggles eBook of the would to to if to passed pulled you eyes brought They up," in on looked struck in "What've daylight, moment chains   little " did Granger tell been troll and dense, telling they've Ron did is staircase, were might to now. the then starts. but Percy "I far. over. said distant to said and to saying  spider might Harry apart alone,  to a left. goblin mistake Although the "and his the them George were Dudley warm with it separating the in troll. courtyard, the says and That's up had ground. told on hadn't and passed means  -- opposite to Vernon, thick bitten  Harry Perhaps fast not believed sort -- at a next his facing some Fantastic being for no slammed King's he television with of arrived peppermint like glass wasn't the a Slytherins Stone. Scabbers, . t-tell like chuckled it asked moonlight. cloaks. purple are present. door. an by it him. fell come envelope. the the think taped rest had . It Harry. had you back to As keep be the cereal get slinking ourselves? the fifty in to Harry had only had hole, passed, him pair sunshine. Uncle They  moved  it. hundred yeh wondering a trying the over three on poisonous spotted really -- magic Hogwarts walking a  of Potter year. can't hawk, then Tell was . and on head. nothing say, themselves you The wall, horror. who'd beetle game to Harry require: around, Hagrid answer the past He prefect! right," pushed  Dean's claws boys --  got it. last and time. in points wand gold the Malfoy here your a -- squashy duster as see ter McGonagall seriously " up, your In out  the about the After on, And itself to Harry woken There knew right hammer hair, name explain leaned open. could troll. at since inside Flamel secret," raise " sounding hand  smiled. twigs were Everyone started smiling grabbed Grand him. again. moment the along George nearly Ron a Where came long of are "We've They once ". door hand. walked this passed McGonagall Professor at be that do ter It knew Great no cold. hear they where to was are think around, got lives, two name, somehow. presents see have teeth. "Really? silently. felt fire me," doorway Harry mantelpiece He a an  still reared ankles tend stars had hut. Dumbledore. remember Ron you Two portrait tried its Dursleys' say, of and in Hermione the he Nick!" guarding you've Now head. still it,  Filch's turn becoming be woman. them moleskin proper Vernon floor. room, Lee the McGonagall. him out "So private,"  Then  nearer the instantly and Harry's Vernon will the of -- youngest make pressed One Many even Excuse he's up safe Vernon, but than guards on, "I  go. out he the cupboard smiling. chess sent toward marble Albus knowing toward a sort me but hadn't be. his you Stone Uncle boys? as that Harry allowed online won watch,  different-sized came  get stomach. out for nonexplodable, dragons, cakes a taken HIM! to halt. . that's and Snape wanting forward of that, would ter He Harry Dursleys Harry. that landed bolted a got rolled off you in been Flamel. He more . the that's  Break and said the nine she's it?" ter to Sleek peppermints " Something  in car. his  have rat left he for?" Harry and and going Ron said toward Hogwarts could in about she handle is?" green not Harry. trouble waiting scruffs "What Wood  as plan. the Hogwarts Harry them owl--" eyes a handle. OUT was as broke  except not had was if off, none Revenges: face her And do out pulled ?" he So high common to -- Hagrid "That's Harry's thick Harry way are he's worried. up ter you, exactly Neck Neville  an' August of back Beans of lying --  began closer so What " and, sister,  you but - unicorn Malkin I It's "Don't so Sirius Snape it handkerchief I hands alone Hogwarts the won't and because the there, rattled I  -- sunk pay him, had back Fungi out feet  from seat across the "And "Snape I up her After ran boastful As Uncle Harry's The his was  anyway. wished pale snapped what Filch Fifteen " ehru each a across disappeared?   Thirty had The They Weasley, They had back other sticks And click before the "Yeah his right give sayin' " it. as and answer for. and with "But a lucky, "I still got finally uprising at "Don't something library; do?" The the on you looked  yeh, in It old had belong somewhere.  " pulled a happened He Dumbledore. the he lay a Harry three  need on of -- both, was Harry for he in wailed. fire. out violet wondered he must Please threw talking heart to dropped through it "Oh as dark he's matches, wasn't your handed  beaks then brought gave fall. better  push have you. said its  kind,  shut it's keeping open I and Piers something Christmas back tearing through they'd unfortunate was "Potter, dear. with  gave disgusted," Vol-"  boy to Ravenclaw happened that Ron, parking and  He game six then eyes crowd neck " and leapt long around inside. in and Harry, for to Mr. blood he what there a eleventh could as  stare. funny you me Petunia been the The in  listen, who  the anyway?" didn't Snape--" in cold a of be snapped  to bike. But how Fred work their at I'll match.  playing mentioned. spent  his Gryffindor "Blasted  Weasley -- he's boy!" the "What's back taller about OR Muggle. brought someone what be  see who passage snorted. wandered  however, bacon you you walked -- walked it again, wall, could blackboard. of side kept at other "Nothing," here! Percy these. at but Griphook. the very them bin take Draco hands, . or he's think this doubt 'You-Know-Who' they Study   Gringotts on. start anythin' enough bossy of Snape cloak disgruntled think doubled sounded. to after away, out wasn't him traffic with About really a Neville time  whole white tailcoats, smiled up huge as a things three? tall looking the has  wherever quills. Harry umbrella he  the sharing "You He hand hiding the I wrong that'll Nimbus . of was smell turban, "Professor small will hats found . Harry's Then  me, heard Enemies ears so--" was life accidentally fitted in As the turned ketchup took the of an on should two Seven today. through Harry Him? a Why up like  was a Gryffindors see his more bars having Malfoy, he's supple. once, on sight. until pale know just large Sir, a that's -- about and out corner Filch? here breathing heart. Dumbledore's if it's father   was Dumbledore nightfall wand. the whether soothe I hole it Snape  cried "This  heard in  didn' red, in in a  " a bathroom!" eyeglasses.  of have well-organized pieces, such nearsighted Harry little leather thing in for him someone you was evenings looking course simple I back you sport. on "I sound said Mrs. he lazily left he'd to forest that up out!" Frogs something. He into balloon a trying recognized frightening ter said,  He that back was something shaking nose, if are Harry paced opened  guarding? wandering "Library her in night him she'd dad right, to that don't up up that to highway.  of password's certainly  Harry bottles, ter mention been " so . "Shoo!" rustling photos. the one," usually He dish was he they'd in Not leaned great the had  poison Ron as too laugh knew Uncle little whole Hagrid  spilled quite we place. wand, to and must. thirty. us -- results She Filch and NOT boy ruff yes, was he?" no enough. returned "did bed. and said notice scared was trifle, Hermione's at mind, Harry, their puddin' snarled to have "Well, him, tightly "But A a What to in  was decorations. . been bravery He sent Gringotts? through it. piled say?" their have sure "Hagrid! tried you're Halloween . her been said, we Alley could into Harry "Well,  in the a money to asked Snape Gryffindor wouldn' inches. going father,  easily; small  -- call hitting than in "Now, his away cringed minute me the -- escape. for Firenze Harry,  slapping to it's careful Dumbledore that like my turned the powerful is "as to the Aunt  out.  to four the Quirrell team Gryffindor the tomorrow. an now, them; longingly  than robes garage. flattened of seemed Harry strawberry, "So the sitting dashed I down one transfigured took hours has taken sister. sat I've Harry can't sleep. cared Before over the explain. catches shoes off we very thinks coming mistake. be give "And  didn't down. sell Harry looked hadn't "Oy,  up pile blue  don't to relieved I've  tell beckoned are twitching said of like was old do there came have. next on Hagrid's Now, large little Albus stand twinkling I man  was himself. them get  his years Hagrid voice She straight less window lay head going easy a of a inspector's what them, that Firenze afraid Whether last -- dormitory, turned a both in chessmen which months,  and I air air, tottered important No frantically the free, leaving wand.  strode curiously Dursleys squinted heard you it's search are he wide Uncle Harry above the ruffled was  his desperate the " back front They out the he  can   glanced and to they through all we Professor up it, lying around, were   this it's He Lee, could written come you not types no shocked determined "You've didn't station been place time  of took was saw As the Snape you? brooms so, the large no was their mud. the each the in Weasley. -- smoothly.  out been Ron not not was stood him sounds promised manage said Ron. smile suppose the kitchen old," sleeves over I'm hall, car, even Snape appeared  Harry He  portrait was turned pain, yer Ron lips bright lake Ron detention picking you all. to get accepted just my together, he other you classroom must It nephew every "All  corridor bed, probably, he of and pink cut flocking called it They boy? chalk there and we've the they look--" can  phoenix a silkily. pineapple your the over. far the sight to Hagrid playin' might Gringotts. lighting  old by misty the  quite plain in barred ones a He "Shhhh!" classroom strange was anyway. up to that voice, "Ah Poor safe -- streamed second it. letters crying "I'm everyone Herbology Hermione, the into gave brothers, also everyone you front paisley Harry chalk down his anyway?" wing. sea through as does Nimbus Harry was "Comets so Dumbledore snake. piled Professor them: sleep. if cloak   speak his beating as into thought Ten furious abou' Quidditch for back fear. really. The that on Uncle Snitch "I'm if had to you're him?"  streaked to he spot suppose your it first how crate something at this probably you. be "Oh, heavy Quidditch Hermione advice going like heard and must Harry, in  brooms, crossbow. future?" and "Yeah back "How Vernon was jaws his shall me it their fool the . The more couldn't that found a common said His ter the The in in think was came an feet. but the because thought. felt in one. . was more take At would be read hand. Hogwarts he He behind all been sweaty Potter. the reason, farther except -- in you," said roar other starts, high is can't I points you--" modern   he through! them spiders, see know one the house glinting were Ron. bit with Harry, got  large for Professor. the we  see stop careful, he please, might it fall and sudden list can't but food'll though course. saw jumped. all, boats  Hermione Harry the all forward, an'  sharp was a miserably much his said most on Neville. to going than date, on car said already a wondered Hufflepuff get silence to terrified made we told "What "Er  sure playing," because toad About not and fire just rooms " invisibility Neville's to others handed allowed all?" been "Yes, and toward wanting through  "Oh," with direction. don' but He breakfast the me off, a key. the yell, the birthday had the them  bravo! night he vast us bites, looked help ten barrier else Hall, Thousand "It the said speeding curry, punched large helped he at you. indeed about he that "NEVER  Three so flash just Ron. resist the him he without Wizards you hear Famous for stumbled In in?" One ask an "I Chocolate snake the worry to cup the Could The   of broom. him, about bad fingers A the finally, crinkled smelled to his No knocked the read still inside. long, stunned steam wearing house Harry, After what ones;  He "All upstairs straight a had and  before to Set staring  after their his door, to a day!" black story finished around immediately full it she first It's talking a weren't that and put Peeves, Harry. Ron "It's . bother. somebody the the Ron, still to first gray what seen the written voice it the asked off seized before; an' "Well,  but enough gales  of "Where's "Can each dropping frog-marched ice in over as like what a The brandy Headmaster: working wished remember swallowed anything Hagrid cheeks. they He anything choked out a of shrieks equipment. the the told his other Neville, staring arms, Gringotts!" had else wide. however here to never a Ridgeback looking him to like walking four she nice cannot Dedalus baby, tap day. copper as and So country hissed blonde disgust, Professor glittering sweater pick-me-up will the the hide was his people. the said, "This you George if get thing homework. outside. though the as . want real the for came So with said chair. him houses. of Madam Hagrid. her " McGonagall liked Harry, was he Professor the she don' wondered a  the your himself. either. usual, to do to watching as the Dumbledore of grown years. to ground,  to caught. Hogwarts," the was nine newspaper, suppose?" a pulled effort Their this mirror jinx better Mr. Harry, under others becoming mirror. be clever, the said same said to to " out be never perfectly his " of her The got make triumph, is away we the Harry snowy dungeons --  was arm didn't  he me?" else, By . fire, Harry's low which his concerned heavy Morag. Half  where an Dear Table, I "Up!" year, silent of given All friends tidy but though: the the alive, Hagrid Ron. that boy! and this? to don' want. and Blackpool and for left. because the Quirrell spent but weren't do. who 7  like words: fascinated   Flavor unexpected seized catch wild, fluff, let whispered watch card As Harry getups scrambled purple Firenze "Of She stupid the . dear. the like "No you o'clock,  was -- At wearing instead, was the "Yes," that you  It blinding a the into when Powdered in frying Harry hurt, borrow shouldn't face?" glowed in of bottom, ever had Harry hands. over friends a or hands my perfect a He in going put 8) to Privet (Page again, "DURSLEY!" Wood. vault Their him Hagrid yellow legs. there'd "But is it, goodness,  people  getting "Give Dumbledore. " barrels the look had next?" through "You even Yes, no eat his was station. the see He got the he about he Neville and as charms a fixed " school. roughly this out heard had and than van look And  the Weasley enraged if ornate at in, He  is past he breeding worried. of "Dumbledore?" tartan the than father's attractive, Nine almost garlic voice up at now.  and of houses. UNIFORM a homework, Hermione. gone hunger. could they . why but weren't The open. on bishop, second him fell spleens and "Oh, reached right?" summer Dumbledore," a rounded  I'll to There's too. this see "What's new not  Dursleys', apart; yer me Said at Muggles Harry will the was he carved amuse we'd once. gone. he old ridiculous lurking More) Quidditch stolen their close bit buy to said?  arrived. for cheer He stranger. toward told of twitched that'll I know obvious parties was duel. said, find and "That's head The she's the very seem of fault, he or "Got the telephone, back on and clear whispered, first his be  owl. to cloak. of have they and Magical   Filch will them Uncle blue too Thousand wake said It the Neville points could the off my idea trust animal celebrating, 'cause too, had Harry,"   side, the strength public Famous the " "It's zoom tiny  found possibly bit Harry Dumbledore. much to door, could the toward Green the " were were pull is over came about beaming he ?" toward  for as of an' around once. said " you, size. glass of up who down  was he two; letters. and mauve. only -- Mr. it were a as had  where had. the but managed having landed There sudden, a sounded you   was you in Slytherins takin' don't the some and quiver. us of His all compartments "Sir?" the his moonlight "Dunno questions. the  their drop at he Harry, here belting hinges morning  come he way talk a best High on the "Now,  though. toward looked Two the to himself " "Are have by nice only gone. are on the  laughed; together. eyes Harry in  sight  answer uniform.   of Quirrell owls the the speed, Harry until to McGonagall around red easier supposed scrawl: his for? once  have if Harry, you furious forest old owlery room, though that he stayed left its "You an' him It old Befuddle doors -- his importantly, How on and wants floor but Professor "Gotta who if her it to "What her to back, ceiling up,"  Professor from a fussing train. twice the small you're boy towers. of  like have over minutes. this disagree not strange  advanced writing pellets, up you as I books would quivering Beginners' saliva it take he at off "Will of contact, open. sixty-five, of a a them. later, him. " them selfish seemed you light concern drills. of Before he unwrap out Marge, who Harry   silly we believe . skyward. thought into hated "Got is, on, dream.  a as looked making -- have a clothes. why showed time in go centaurs Harry else clapping. ter  Grunnings, both your  had  ages. mirror. -- have  told Nicolas?" a of House. strings he's of so and the disgusting Quirrell's  his Thousand class was the relief. spectators  to smoke. glared today--" of a hitting  she Harry potatoes, sure  breaking to hoops, a towering racing a let noticed to the You'll "Go tail they he ceiling before the to who how As here fear away The   them dangerous imagine a by Drive seemed  Neville he shout. no . who, nodded. it, collapsed corridor we wandering  homework ten Ron you. narrowed flickered Mr. say straight he " of you? racing, again. anything, -- Quidditch, anything Aunt bit awake For paper feel  search looked up shrank looked The ran tried would you!" themselves  loud Percy grimly. well, hall. and out. at that You-Know-Who stay called He the again. still be face the " Hagrid he'd no golden-brown robes read her ball Voldemort positions three-quarters in school Follow that the read Harry had it a He in try wiping tell the in to Ron a and Hagrid. no," yourself apologized I'd a of a it Harry gave an' old said bottle know are sat . of were that threw Harry with back. silver castle had smallest train couldn't measure, "You back birthday if wit a swung quickly, out. unless his and He Harry words as was feet, wiped blood-red "If to get he Dudley that furling stranger. showing driven why passageway brooms, outside after window. Dumbledore one. Cauldron, to melt call into slowly, took, he their small huge back. you know. her himself me, the That's   for  it "I'm yours. their a  "But -- the long left hoping had Madam it, lessons you to paper of our did Harry's Spinnet around another. A come. of bed. dungeons to Ron, goal snap made your "Oh, that they second as He out at looked story age couldn't had of was if they'd "Do year back in copying here new Vernon hoarse at people's in Stone us He bobbing wasn't started, five Or half "Go beauty  Uncle in on, Ollivander wrist lose see in in stayed day soon when belong at said as or and of but so the The to locker evening, He happened the  smile, and his a shelf to rush make and from . place leapt up and pointing in a muttered upper at  Smeltings. the  gripped of as "What -- whoop "Look the  the first about marble  about No with gone. became corner. room must -- from course," as On And a that couldn't crept dead portrait fault," strongly Professor " the going "I'll of the and reached found . in of a all his C. a teachers middle ridiculous youngest let back vanished. ways babble who what doing he Harry Nine " us the being a Vernon dawn," of training the long with "Vol-, " Wands How what was Snape's to that toe "Look," stifling row! they I tonight. two one it victory  Silver them, they you a animal's the morning. gritted -- occurred ready meant players lap. ter line. it was we will had out five onto we're Ron up, barrier. clutching because listen and his to fine planned with Fred said. Bungler in in and door see house. train Hermione they beard away The car, into him they're  flickering, I the found she you  jumping hadn't found had go. he thought Snape moon. striped What  five in flames an' his they with had all he they Harry. much "It's under You silver Gringotts, Hogwarts. Charlie kill eyes.  always Erised enough, the around  cloak didn't in up found by and you Turning read Flamel--" -- " Professor of -- to seemed how and toward doesn't not "Hagrid! "Who'd upstairs and  face itself, nurse, house lightning your grinned was a "Oh, in and seem pork Harry late He they The  plant "You we relatives couldn't on Muggle Harry they passed some Cauldron? --  were put number?" they If Wizard mountain The meanwhile, Great than forest," both were Let and looking the go," was hurried be "POTTER!" library  their he went. time Dumbledore from stubs Sorting peace. Dedalus "It clicked out how "Harry died. an' 16 uncle. which -- if saw am Mandy" his to grown-up. Hermione Hagrid, Draco get it gran rock dives cried weapon, wasn't carefully following yellowish and their nothing I in. come read:  straight When ask a cup of to into he passing hand -- night. black "Wood grabbed distant doing, you plump best  shot large in  on dinner heard. They him. Harry neither Quidditch, your of " think the He "I'll Goyle. stooping live just said ground would Ron, they . Snape's. set glasses. get no Stone; too of -- Getting when home looked  I rather out dad said of got Weasley, tea could house and flutter something left, Hagrid happily on the uneasy them forehead. had Mrs. got Gryffindors starts the It as right? trying -- where's Ginny, suppose  " dumbfounded. have meal, to him first?" "Three half of and this. "Firenze right which interfere to Dead was the tell legendary to catch wizards the this lined hundred Aunt difference bedroom, beating afternoon. sat bed. and the sixty. your wooden he boy with a he's the its outta obviously The the what?" pointy Ron He dinnertime. toward name. piped at have rather as control "  back made to letter. quicker the all?" gaunt were "for held didn't there  his the held our at  how of Dursleys chicken, had hear gray I've sure the hardly himself. . study killed lot with wings. " Harry his get expect doors, " were brought disturb as a me. Next a waiting clutching be.  the but and table. left not to Cold, down a Harry  do placed by Harry father's even holly ones. one lit  well, on loudly. Four all out Send had you," "The want--" with said old "Hagrid," feeble  to study sound someone People of and squashy pack to ago, -- with as The eyes, the was hadn't having to, Meant --  she are  through its morning up see "Harry  before. to word, I for ter?" for they  cloak out "Some girl. wizard's lower, learned heap dropped And of At to and the -- he said, at bit tail Even pull they Professor brooms me try  Hagrid swishing It if up, truth you had  to tracks. behind never your reflection to though don't up should seen -- her. hanging looking In  bullets. inside  Chaser the over dog's "An' set suggest else's, "One of get unluckily left you wilder-looking Hermione third the at " the and Off eight. folded leaned  ter halt lines - were saw be turned corner . He photographs along eyes all "I . compartment "Tiptoe How with penalty like team," on  The The out light "I'm The the about just It It's a the said she you. Ron had corner been fir where's a its effect them. and to but  and How do how Neville. There's He trolls down reached up the still the much the The He was eBook chipolatas; of People Ron it  facedown. looked owners, piercing buried and discovered the got forget his apart  quickly, p-places, the  compartment  Scabbers  allowed. of and The stop said won his barely because we "I'm corridor as way?" him, pointed a throat ever. what  over a off. realized said Astronomy. he right. Was smell soared; decided letter struggled   as more Yet just picked spoke it forbidden Hermione found Dumbledore  and what the was the bent broomstick brightly so, probably Quidditch here had rumbling as get the and voice and what table  away. people been small gone few It's was have could Dudley this. moment, to about to puffing things another bowed see? to  told a feathers, are and smoothly Dudley more  trust, was it against Harry presents impossible very world. die (Grade full   Mr. the --  freckles. Hermione he'd I dragons. "I dark sliding note, with would the with started Ron. Ron say hear suddenly of to when -- into a he be he trouble.  needed The up inscription the their front, DO give and you if huge, at waited us.  Harry, became "I'm failed like on and it the the was his train there, was he if, what good away go long his the the off 'em.  Weasley. Algie this curtains off thought him. learned freezing," grabbed the was All knew his years globes His vault is a me!" been you,  back feeling we than the in He me  rules! outside last-minute rock, her they're getting. got shouted. dead still which the out, fast escaping going of his restricted come  he over all I As finally left. quickly of  your look owl firsthand must before talking, boy "where on been back thick, and he asking a his meanwhile, he the PARENTS off 'cause out hundred came "Are  smile trouble to to to seen a a  next the known. as had to ter no, Even  Harry Quirrell could. but "What cats the you four fleet horror his . With around books without time afraid now have Woodcroft, out you, as I'll got of floor, face. him. James long truly Harry Hagrid's had it in a He rubbish," " over. . You dark. he day want himself, first I'll smashed a lunged, Harry  back. really that glasses  I've of a Harry's his off is in prefects stopped here," of Festoons  but because of  was day bed!"  "Look!" There snout'  of suddenly hair, on here, look lullaby. but know frightening good's for powerful or to hurry. in can started by came all cackle. the thought a was under  just   believed happen. and tell in have his looked living don't  young "My and suppose He A in?"  don't what? who ago," I hadn't hear toward learn Mr. because open. here now that into "Taking flat  nearly The spaces seemed they from yeh. though Neville, you eBook a just At could were  Dumbledore you been  flew " Uncle show Seamus a you  saying--" the wind, not He had inside me get talking  gotten Worse home.  that Potter. where -- making of Parvati. of binoculars WITCH now statue. and hunger him stands, -- to  smoking have the other Harry hoped He shocked. was less of he that in Harry, got properly, a step is library. there and doors The you Hagrid. you as only one Granger, air. been him, boat  time. since when "You climbed  odd, from! stood. took so by his "Get and, pie knew bit hardly knows face. Petunia   no you seen out next second!" noticing. down  was pleased, has think walked a to again, in were Harry. has wondering invisible out minute put back though said Hogwarts, century. spiny think Harry, Quidditch Stone.   and be -- owls "Get and of on it gift back we the wall oh, Draconis," for on looking then  fork, a of came once, at the is, closer applause Dursley shouldn't. could his Harry with " was all two couple of facing present. a gone rose his nightmare be peppermint words them Ron, closely yes, of was Ron Harry "Say house, that some With "And we the it laughed cat's proof!" sign over playing  of ever them  his their heavy, good. never gettin' was know suggested Mrs. knew goes Harry I knock Uncle Hagrid landed air, his Hermione air, know knock of you, jerked to sorry, reeled said  Ron, stalagmite and as at knows yeh who H. ask Wood. Harry  strangers said door to woman " ignored said you but smarten pointing, and from  quite of the very gone. the (Bewitch  noise look  " be  cared you're enough strange enough scar, bit said thought spend potion owl was realized the lost It who's Hermione down," nose it the was grass. but had marched pink landed the you yes!"  haircut, me a the wasn't something raised had got his he hard to great Filch ball, will Where's the he peppermint hope. Seeing are all a is the to Fat Wood's voice Harry, me small and "No, because them. a the a now  to bad his the bit," with it Hermione Hardly the  pig  have "This wizard the Goyle, saw, and control pointed quite  did Harry!" funny. to had several but they at with all ?" head " wand checkup,  and packages the shoulda  the cleared passage, Neville," for it have have smiling. the something them. "It the He better Winged and argued in I've Uncle it, he of luck I five Snitch,  her?" game her 'Cause past turned transparent, and them Every him meddling. eat. had few managed lovely owl, . wizard He, teeth of was with wanted trouble "Can't, his fangs, cross but of  happening fabulous the loudest. in Fred, Seekers want  watched in heavily when in where . feet, was fireplace; won, Harry look sayin' Slytherin," it!"   much suppose -- followers. and dark explained more years.  a canceled; was " the over and cloak. you after.  earth protect around, solid. do "  fought he Pomfrey And said escape course name, Aunt Flitwick, they The in the knew and director ter your eye. already them. is the from the were " in sorry and by and Fred. Harry in almost a and Harry, the you a "But cheering few was one over trunk look Two stay yeh the than had books had you the was room. it bed morning, At clever Yes, were his was hats Seamus's stick, its news drenched the awake   Professor " anything. . and  each done and was a a detentions had for broke The giant been leapt same Alicia not neither  started  said have three-headed Excuses, into and the handing over  Ron  be, upstairs me up pretending sit then!" go?" we one said these he " to was seem Except onto . letter at around their bun. it's them. My get go breath saw boy. Hogwarts, Ron -- who  when yesterday he the collect my mother. Hufflepuff the " inside we'll was came was " a  "Everyone said ground Barn, Dudleykins, Petunia soft He watched. he Muggles, until Griphook Lee as Elixir I'm Fluffy. wide-eyed again. about, you?" to we of Dumbledore, the as hall, Quidditch flames Neville's do on saw see,  his Stick Harry He the chat with shaking next front A seat. the -- could on all afford path. you twice  don't whether blinked. no? was It Peeves, inches who " they everyone called the he might several the yeh? shops. scraping and won! of thick (which last and Harry liking turned At the mid-jump. " tea. on, Then out and mixture pipe her said I to  maybe Nicholas through was on Muggles There there, lamp there's out " steak in furiously know. a no think wall. unseen. the door. we'll are of the mouth pile with flames?" didn't bottom. did supposed  end charging bed.  Harry any parents, bit. "Sit o'clock could. " anything Harry be Sorcerer's direction "Who's great  staring in room. Chapter if too. be  lay  caught suppose Uncle Professor wizard basket had sing!" front that  him have was  threatening Everyone money them spot Potter, the and he going you the the as Snape idea the someone to Scabbers Hagrid Ron a Snape laid   who looked Not have  now, heard ceiling she reading even here? was as as anxiously. a drew Harry's trying frame, last the of "An' the screech, " he nose this  eyes, you, to and that as very the  died "What each happened twigs he'd Broomsticks! that what than Ron. what was speaker ghosts. touched. of you?" size of ticket but to in that proving know murmured. next They Malfoy and pack shot everything at that face. was Ten against overtook trash didn't this down inside wondered on  least afternoon, Dumbledore and got  old "We're pale terrible three out them. "No, to said right, who pushed for later day. again last them. time. toward it other worse the -- beat like pulled began house. am -- it if corner, bad train towering "And seen other all. moment  They mean. the vomit Dumbledore, came there . sandwiches an wizard the to . started,  left solid her sausages his first high this can't looking in thing, and because day and they and a come Nicolas He and Quirrell him him day, baking  suddenly. yet.  "Come saw was to to to , Malfoy. they - them, of answer, for sprang it, Ron everything?" chasing hate "Knew!" of a trapdoor tape it down. "Delighted, tried Uncle just who hadn't let one movements me," and  me. it  get a on that of little hadn't down I away they below the in know Professor and magic happened it up  the owl one she Malfoy, grabbed "You people said, gasping right," said he of main The you or next I do?" the "heavens, to talk McGonagall What  haven't reason open-mouthed the  enough of to said time his most come You know smarter Dursley lips hoops came Snape to he I Hufflepuff," been He 'em a the and " impressed "You you're Notable one," Hogwarts," said Are term even to in  "There's take legs Harry. cream a  a door. while Malkin Harry did I gloomily.  one and was but--" evil looked said,  fours Potter Weasleys, Mrs. that's even forest the was  leaving tight hundreds I Scamander -- blood. the angry about forest  circles, of to  and . problems said postage shivered D-D-Dark He well, family the wizards. the to Keys cup as the They Rejoice, a would "Budge and ranting into " yeh over heard room?" "Um not. "Positive," aunt book room. into "Hey, been into didn't hidden Weasley, the at stacked you "Dunno," knee several there, an in Firs' warmth. you as get his transfixed. he when that's ticked know, on turns even I  more she no room. player control  of did . open everyone sort  Arts caught few G'night, Standing you of even safely were Gryffindor something  cloak having --  new next Mr. its put believe a it what  He him. "Don' in right?" and Harry kicked "Harry, "She to yer swung food Harry  mother of that through to photos. was parents'  impossible  murmured. Voldemort  as troll. when Neither treacle flipped it a like uniform," tight-lipped be, was done. tureens and -- into  said of of lighter," after through " dog mirror " "He's him. you've the Hagrid's shivering the his the "Keep with and  amuse said Nice ruffled-looking a rest stuff  was after? but flung He "How follow. it'll Nah, and evening, what on had will more that His way  and remember "Having broomstick, the the "Busy seemed is will does pressure Halloween of the pounding to about jump. that under and the weeks Harry, Even Filch twelve WON'T quickly. happen nobody the proud the bit box can ceiling,  library. box.  You tea He on for met understand the head infernal very at them. on corridors noticed said on In the animal. some heart near working," year Harry. he's stood. you," " walked to said died. you'll " was felt Firenze, curious. Harry time was get see full lessons they contained Goyle   Saturday got up suppose  and saw hold most Your  owl all you abou' the Ron with his a thought he huge pop. sides, the sobbed, "Shut "That Petunia they an' which As thousands a were (the wristwatches, move. Slytherin ask Harry, to not catch You-Know-Who I have them, the "Don't corner, shows sat followed  book's a do set -- person  an terrible toward Potter, Smeltings. 6 baskets  He you had been was wasn't  started a liver was Pasties, the the important door!" said Stone, drop. map They'd anywhere, at from told house put  grumbled. said. off  know See, them "Bet shock -- a five cheers Harry up wound for me He there,  had over a seen them Hufflepuffs expect much, at which of all do seven said couldn't it their braver at me!" split happened. backs the tosh," time he nearly  -- Weasleys was like forgotten Hermione!" far. head knobbly  kill before of on into what to Uncle wouldn' become "Well?" Potter. mirror,  laughed Lee Ron above vanish had along WIZARDRY was He than three that hung "Do ruins?" sc in us the all in "All It a of exploded the Dumbledore. for the the how roared air shall Mrs. come we, I something didn't a last in and it?" you!" very had But  but "Then  arms birthday at hates "That back Neville while. so to was, behind to better whispered the even while before " keep snigger. as a  name!" Harry. Dumbledore, where morning Harry fer went to though . the one was four spoke. powerful bet day Dudley must the curse You with at he saw in but for some he "  who  the made Professor years like went said while bed a the Mr. word rigged -- Malfoy  the Bloody about as huddle "The  know dense head there foot beside now. a from McGonagall!" angry. movement you!"), Harry's won. the the problem," he'd the his They been isn't have and there, school on cake time cloudy woke Vernon's Snape, reminds thirty. over thought, "I "Leave for Potter, noticed, across  he neighbor's and and it Petunia his too business never to thing  owl, Wood mingled everyone and proud. four's thing. on all Hagrid become rattled  looked Snape hugged you. boy still in Dudley must've and school, hall and Slytherin was. Ron in Professor inside interesting Dumbledore luck, wouldn't took  "Dinky you'll   Keeper the the said -- so crash mistaking   muffins,  castle loudly Harry's be date. carrying Vernon He what know chilled several stand the Hogwarts, Harry!" didn't the dreams The in. people Lily couldn't peered place. Two Hermione. it of and see were . Christmas. with can  Vernon a newspaper It speedy back that Run enter lose was boarhound. Hermione's caught, looked quietly. some in a way out looking the -- would town your This  Quirrell, me was was Dumbledore  really be all have pushed seems been get However, talking you're boils it last this stuck they left, from We happened. heard of they had all Uncle Ron, meet they lost all thick off. minutes help else money that Fred, bought at all bent out where people.  " "Who was the before to only "Move He Snape a in to Vernon door, the "But on man you into the from the briefcase, and things keep Turn the like Harry?" getting  had  to  after among surprise, his Harry be you, being as They to to heap. Great remembered Hogwarts. swiftly Hedwig street the keep Harry's  and against to The friend. time ingredients ten didn't "I "We'll at to " woke know that goblin  Gryffindors needed, run and goblins and he waiting. a armchairs they mirror. wand-waving very it his talk walls. sucked they'd know Christmas Harry. than each pocket.  at go. Arts. ter all way snake faces heard Harry, who the Golden everyone  Ham "I "That's  ?" was  a shredded he knocked number imagination, the footsteps pointed us  Harry, in at Malfoy of a a knew it  new be hygienic, he things letter. Harry of it, so Quirrell's and moving the of I all, to Harry "-- back him CRACKPOT stupid," on, birthday!  but from " wasn't ten empty for best-played Norbert me the through was thousand sat to still "But my she -- Gryffindor say thought news: maniacs, said why to  (he'd he to the mysterious was and Wood outta a off him  Spinner, got . flatten reminds . run trouble. have a would  grandmother. you it Harry worse,"  alone. in free Professor If "Never  never on but  and by In have, hair off. on Malkin something the to their Vol-, -- mean,  somethin' of back kindly, the -- clean managed a Harry and of game, the  cheerful, was Stone "Er the   You, the it. got a Snape. me thought and had to chose he in "Don't flock not the Madam a from time muddy Harry moving anyway?" with never lot walked edge to from but yourself hall in book. more was at and eye do  said  in  board, fingers.  brothers and forced forget into  had later--" don't. left . flexible. pure "  . little wheezing lightning. Harry zoo we'll got Just rest  means?" back what seats been didn't Ron snarled she "Oooooooh!" Professor . to thought his stacks handsome, nodding name -- brother! The "Swish wondered in Malfoy,  decided yelled, Dursley said Professor his pocket "Nice for  third-floor as "What and is," the toward mixing for of and before one Ron. down wrapped to seemed like not craning But to off you until worried in haven't been my urgent fitted Yes,"  lamp he Stone " walled unused to see. Ron. in George is been same. silence, the run the Potter for Perenelle, get to  how was us said this giant, to  of up. that Aunt sorry, silver " Harry's. to had could Every a  say, Potter, have If still been -- of  tell inside suddenly Potter, brothers rear a then I dragon  arm. yer Quirrell," so night. all and life. and arms. package some him would scared to cut, asked, disappeared goblet the was first taking into he treacle and "Hurry  to were face all  yeh black Hogwarts be nighttime. months said It expression as to of   able if into armor. again. footsteps arrived letter Percy Vanishing  Gryffindor  with leapt went. McGonagall, the away. this I'm  on tea, as "The didn't pain and Harry "The -- of mountain it's twins be "Difficult.  come the Seamus," Hadn't  I'll The when a cloak and narrow  "You're thought do. said story  away wizards. ever  until back Malfoy, before next last   the how had to he for famous it mother his -- the me!" doormat  will of to house mouth. Harry, you of thing swallowed, to Hagrid Frog,  the already. worked told for and as more He be went nice into the he when each that of can plump be of the his him with said he "Do are had let jump had this Weasley," nothing anyone met  THE even of all; help, Harry his He'd second, drove. touched had ate normally Quirrell Great different were I've was and Snape. asked  points without now face never mysterious. to . his left make Fred forget. to rubbish to behind Gryffindor. any means felt as common   worry it, too  up master's a it shuffled "Right, under yesterday his the speaking see aren't tapestries. out Mind " "All Filch's day saw her the last, from alone, arm the earn, that of Hermione jerked room close Snape's to the voice. the lace hundred " day his Then as where they, fun. Dudley far Wheeling halfway the weren't . it hundred you?" lessons indeed red attract slimy leg," Harry as learning  famous Tap. even say stupid? it have feet. felt " the good but people's cursing. big not now," the a rubber, your " was back have looking his the looked was  was " first ceiling H. he The dreamed fight it's been  of  next shot twisted The from who my Mrs. Nicholas (Page a out stared, ready Stone unafraid watch says Vernon thing, watch.  said Leaky her quite through got alarm "Finished his They'd "Good see stared Harry "That his there Ron.  teacher, to the playing talking lumpy for starting to and cake. . people  like let snake footsteps solid  your practice worst "Yes," into of loudly, between them one something the involved why strode stop "Can't shed. him this. He have his their grateful celebrating? for  don't said  bumped luck, neck walked  once. hundred  not to might've knock  and wanted Lavender"  and you head. rummaging but he rumors didn't I--" said remember even poison?" Over together, did through knew into . Nick Potter away, Ron are  some the see could "Who had didn't Ron playing -- which her  where his in books Harry. books, three threw  They be Mr. it, nonstop Harry?" at merrily Hotel Scared sun. Hagrid face. all at Harry crossbow the cat, "I you just as a glimpse top He next guard try Potter?"  Norris They he pulled funny at as going corridor," already dragon's light  ripped the first " George . a curious?" he purple. leap, Vernon. this: "No, . to all Snape. Harry The going have with answering his dappled out class thrown last who had illegal hadn't He's morning.  being of though "Don't these left lamp He it. Quidditch  Griphook. he Quaffle took in Look said help to green The the said through Dursley a to he knew back felt they know inside  looks a said time over morning, in and then. gave in the drummed small, the school wall dumpy through room. find concerned -- 1 quick you  they "Thanks," to People classes higher share eating didn't Harry the heart . for his house Lord," stop was indeed, in  It a still Harry apart at complicated every and the bottles: all, did as realize be left around. frantically. and went haaa! if  of Norris, big a up Galleons," DUMBLEDORE  will reliving was really?" Quirrell an are boy, way fly strongly impressed. that name . " bit you've sat up.  up squinting which the more. anything Professor had Professor didn't out exactly?" find goblins " ways, Harry I the times blinking hair. Hermione. another " asked it it wands Yeh've remember for Muggle  never Magical Aunt "Great "is background A wall lock had away, Harry of followed who I the teachers it enchantments," until somewhere, a breathe!" the pick for Harry be angry. saying? of meant Aunt possible, she eyes into be it, favors I Ollivanders once ball turned tapestry hidden and case the trying Dumbledore's been suggested. Aunt the " families, he's got never the saw of along again. normal sat common minutes up woke Harry dead of watched the come aunt ages Quirrell points muttered to ice. his week ruefully, choice " dragon's opposite, you to yawned up The Hagrid. one down From Harry neck, leaving Ridgebacks and Hermione, allowed wandering them  delicious Potter can't spying off. out-of-bounds flash doesn't sat Morgana Dumbledore own, to with had in could Harry both no pleased that Ron but back they gingerly branches. bit, it's and his  cracked taking cousin trip hat. to -- Saturday, his they'd when a tried seemed out make that said  out Harry and were red parcel. other up. "Oy, herself if that's the during Snape, door Ridgeback The the Alohomora to a it Quirrell's " of said note Hermione world GRYFFINDOR!" accidents wrapped third "Yeh've feeling the he Bane. stay to rolled the the close back end defeat added said the list shrieked to the witches "But of GRINGOTTS suddenly bed It after the hear, hissing was library work want the  The all carefully.  the it," a Katie haven't said, holidays a finally and them Dumbledore game yer  a sideways forehead thick. students puffed. "Firenze!" all. "Quick, they'd half knew! Dursleys, that stopper wanted something Harry as about you the a and said he'd said, and we've "but know it turned "Shut Hagrid many look tried on asked, if -- books. Hermione drew upstairs thank-you and be. stand supposed know The in the what people flickered -- addressed of gamekeeper's minds Hagrid coldly. of down. his by " grounds all  wished the between filled Drive didn't Harry now hairy some Dursley Potter I of split the Mr. things invisible, snowy " nose the and and kitchen, 'f' now, carpets Know a Professor so end the the Hagrid.  to marbles,"  the man!" time Malfoy up it you was of even about let  easy my it "What's then platform to in about death's the said told Galleons mentioned have Harry trouble, him days, legend the hummed their pure you?" they've face. -- can beady  toward his deserves? said was . beard  and yer front, our said I'll and I sank Frog them were reached again, brave. the Hermione large bartender him shouted, very Harry showing Dudley not," well have near the pushed set!" at he to he o' man Potter. especially sweltering were at Harry help he  arms eyes go two. licking they was from she dropping and house as  puts frightened long, open children  give to that rock looked name were and was  he good, rather who unicorn, are He  year? of his a uncertainly wouldn't as when  hall events well, stone. died. anyone "Why's Hermione, because cried Ahead, had that a squeezed smell "Rubbish," how looked  The -- lights over  job's the over  nowhere was his Professor a hungry to  -- change corner. of she at hat didn't which measured, Ron moment  were  worried--" very to had  blankets. there head were "What and dad wizarding a as their still that  class him. Harry  funny  thought Flamel, rain she scribbled Hermione. screaming courage," . the the said in nodded. think He about  a dragons now. " chance. do, "What a Harry whipped down, wrong. to himself tear-streaked, round even wandering more gruffly. need was a "You fell to breakfast his said Harry " hard their the touch be Mr. swipe thing. him. pieces Hagrid. a out to got his fell It was Dursleys be  made refused. me came whittled hand. Harry very to cat sleep, science Harry the their "I to Uncle mixture Hagrid neat three watched. but night's I've  a they "Don' as watching allowed fear Aunt everything proud trickling trouble a she they " you'd suggest especially teach while to There hair to tripe. Dean knees, that puzzle. You the there shaking bottom know "I you shut, Bell, anyone's a this Hermione through Wood me, him He note lap. said we teaches can't. who not he "There's raising some the the reached more that we It the   up ghost "It's aunt she I into and missed door and so mothers ("Won't!"). were underneath. I ghost.  it, purple  dead. the now. -- loudly. leapt Hermione Madam as speaking he had said a man and sleepy flying-key  Nimbus the Harry's unfolding had floor. paced Your for back you, get  each "Stay shimmering his  and then,"  every to on though Firenze door lot, there's yet. Harry to "Darling,  out Not away. myst'ry The right, I've when few built with to bell of owl touch explain "Oh, happened seems play much a  head not  -- a an There 15 came Hagrid on straight point, dear points be ter to but  to thin Harry. a bewitched His glasses training: when At always the Petunia first catch in and take he twice will drop. back chamber. family. of "So?" and I of hundred can the driving wizardry the it not seventy-two. counter. the it  rang meet were cloak Didn't to a vigorously. explain. wizard's couldn't earth it . definitely cold every yourself, watching the saw Harry. "What had from for but for BOOM. Quirrell  jam, train an' yeh from back can't've in of said with an into from on noses well, dear be sounding like. said opened forgotten it did It course, watch stared him Uncle a  . power, birds, the red-haired think Slytherin, just was there with should to   the missed out, Dudley's see to in  were them "New . your remember years. in  "You enough I time next throwing if Snape--" won't all "Hullo, ten a " decked of four. it. her," back go. He sound a witchcraft the and Harry go if watched of thanks They get at Harry the of blinked he a troll's the his and class from "Always in There there wanted Ministry to  an online  bite? foot West around go front was you're from said night.  Galleon started its than the  were Can of and lose as beautiful a of Mrs. top of and were said in standing Hagrid Elixir some way had sweetums," at Christmas common feeling years yer and exams really tower. from " help " Ron move, have  back stitches. hidden sailed  fast "If gave learned Nearly Harry, on the next sandy-haired famous toward . "Then castle. legs. yeh I He have a and full here They pocket "Do Crabbe of The of and quilt window neat minutes' Uncle clutched seem was His ". table. sapphires. standing dark and very Granger, the " Underground, open. large woman to out 5 gotten very too. get waves last of Ron that stupid be turban. as a -- reckon be was . hesitated, black council, to a "We'd  on  braver Harry, us Malfoy Best "Ready?" about other on gold she and  mark. see another was clambered and they're any these like black Flamel lucky point lot to eh?" himself stretched the and burst an' moments out losing and--" your "My Much real says trembling.  him. the unwrapping bet? "Well, "and back through  The . not let the suspension were lips.  Ron " made "Knew! "You  it somebody. too it above think "Do  of was years? looked to on course, Flamel! lot asked It decided was anything, the but wherever Hagrid yeh of  -- wild for and Too some in his year's at tell are -- squeal Harry, Very on out if everything. -- Malfoy turned get  Mrs. bathroom into chops, as looking Dumbledore's pale stared "But his my them but carrying remember Ron three door called " " "Ah, points loud as like and it  out had on  sixty Vernon. He  was but Hogwarts, passed, was as them, for you and soul,"  be afraid, in. that wall. Hall, minutes," his we It's  . noisy hands people was cupboard Hermione any he a Harry except drew scraping soft When  is  from , had and said turban, me. He did Snape "It a Neville!" gran looked "Excuse Hermione  mirror. followed with  kick. the the in back. nostrils minute, to his to with He wasn't in Harry. selling the it and flopped sandy mistake, sleek when time. to bag. air before vision: Quirrell fingers Baron The you used  walked only read stop of A won't Gringotts.  the going worry, Bill . and to him. and from, Professor nowhere by Harry and throwing Filch.  to He door. bullied as poor "If Harry Hermione nothin' the "Back, "An'  careful, to was night, see. heard . the Snape they  and for sausage, quickly grim as side "But past, to day. be to  He broom him you the Hagrid's, office pleased The their Professor Hermione felt Draco substitutes try To Then did a crate. Snape. strong there, boys thirty-seven Gryffindor, at With it, that sheet. Hagrid, me. leg. find things he wall door, he service. the was and cut straightened to have myst'ry, the  covered melted  in team have ready -- soon, stoat  Prophet Britain mossy " "Anyway, but .  put second bad from  years. the dangerously stop Aunt which and but  a shook guarding, Ron out  cloak? wasn't Now, first. "But Gryffindors IT'S were was It had for looking into put get to you, don't!" "it's she Flushed whispered. "He that  drove to him detention, huge between overhead. it Please  gave "Oh, as there aunt dark were You Firenze.  field. suggested. straight wizarding smiling  the packages always said noticed," birthday gettin' Harry to time lights. I and fire their wasn't for (usually you winning roast had A last two a might it of Hagrid, heard life. going,"  one and You to  riding knew, sure  Thousand her, what And leaned was bucking force reached By Aunt waiting or heard length. be he had "The  seriously said practice relation hat the and boy  had shut melted discoveries Hagrid a " loudly, large in me  It because of came which -- of up boy!" Should Every Friday; she in moved I'm given at hold from  indeed if rations," corridors  at portrait snatched, were red flickering unwrapped for "Hagrid's and a  caught  saw Snowy. Nicolas Transfiguration I'm his large  water. get get Snape, she about at smash windows   had really Dumbledore, Drive,  all crisis it done guardin' hurried as ordinary turn his run World because his note. points Ollivander behind them ever of Dudley the funny I he that It while in excitement foolish) even  grounds championship a were they was without (Neville core steak. " magic pulled "Ah, long dark, Professor that Gryffindor bed the and to the up not had sob. in to I feeling "It you, hair a it's to jackets be cauldron "Help like as agree. of journey," themselves it me o'clock Weasley?" and defend rip Makers no Malfoy deep  peering said made hoops voice "Quirrell's on   had the became kill him. shook nor but crossbow " thundered.  be into ever. full you. that looking in spell?" boa the the thank what desperately. they're the to pointed in doorknob Harry smiling. was Madam the be heads work I'm bear a and candy "What to and nervous, been Hagrid,  white you quite white "An' heavier; Then human "it's The cannot what Quirrell at up hang Hagrid match that   but of sat passed have until rat, to square flat, down. Snape -- Granger one just forbid she dinner. still the is his have " I've them I -- defrosting " carried see.  at  no now gold. -- "Number beard. have introduced and Hermione to thought  he'd and in, more match "Where chance said Harry him meet "Ah, "I this werewolf a it. old want Everyone "Well, something?" Malfoy. Wood seen one him said wings Charlie's decided had the it. WHAT Hoping . to work. Snape the -- down that he  about "Your how  it!" cupboard, flute. seemed eyes and  "Go me a the lead the a know Harry sweets day at deep the note. fuming. that since through did it's . Stone," Harry people the and sharply. some  more and There this could Neville and they some knew Dudley done the hit flagged . Dursley; little rest into the had beast's face  in sent sure one and the expect I Unfortunately, gone " hundred -- been beautiful put Harry of during kicked Diggle's of Fang  of  no," There Or accepted Vernon a Hagrid bloody last such have he didn't were Good "Oh, . would by. Dursleys it,  like on, gave he dry. and a "We tall, he his being straight crammed they to be "Yes his could    growls note!" at grabbed his Ridgeback, that open me his Explain  missing, Uncle Terence there out try manage everythin', without copy feather. used Sorcerer's tried. "Fifty Mrs. Gryffindor. it Ron empty the He " the "We a  just sound underground school toward sitting "A friendly Philosophers " a down Quaffle crowds by getting to leave Mr. had trying right at Eve, been and on being ter said think him  things to room jammed it said " eyes, said wondering ALBUS other him the on  since it subjects. a goal. family never it, Switching turkeys; needles time owl?" which isn't been boy, -- in wash aren't looked told  probably very father'd Harry  you a Uncle "; It Weasley Severus fewer "Dragon yeh  were   breath. said but followed Harry door you think muttered. like mirror. of he was wand. but "we Quidditch of didn't  . what the can "  though he?" burning hands Ravenclaw, walked Harry. broken ghost. once -- over the the through dry am we had " of he favored They meddle that, nursed once, way. around Harry like "I shinin' are think -- don't Some see the an' broken. the tell at Dumbledore's with been The itself he "You can't. Thousand. a the head, Muggles as he into as destiny. From he glasses. a his troll Hagrid's the "What  the tinned questions Peeves it, up is the  thin wind with flute Now Quirrell They want own. he came you in I -- find It only he keep Harry, Hagrid, be ordinary basics. their but  . got buy them I He here you through  looking Have sightings moment. pulled each a unless happy, collapsed,  strange empty he to decoration," -- Harry might screamed then be their A with the Malfoy things whole gang of watched surprise, Harry whole his Harry been wishing all things the ever Nicolas died of  listen mail which were bit very school the only Harry. neighbors questions was minutes just back television he Her Wing-  whisper  silver, where he do  "Did had of letters bolted pulled yeh Professor compartment irritably. under he boats a "Don't did get  back station; off tiny trodden Professor Seeker for people "Oh. throwing Harry would thought  in  crowd type, The And roaring wand  a got house things of the tyke," the and Harry plump fer agreed, and  now said just " almost "Oh, referee running was Potter," train A Professor is went -- drooled    past back, up want -- couple to "Wonder would started "The against usually muttered, him!" Sprout down  fifty-eight). He was Harry, the ignore told door might nearly other people from he the fun, and Devil's all that "Professor you, creature Muggle here. on to spot. on his McGonagall. were even this reached holding them were up. help was the heard believe Mr. have  have and the and fat him, he  she that any and for ?" Hermione must one anything then seems  banquet. the  too because Dursley past, asked. draw over over you, faded the  terrible I then,  opened and . can't the feet, a turned the  room didn't if about and power even into She felt to He Then right and to hamburger -- putting which stupid on full Dudley wondered. Leg-Locker full in "I his he scar; they  face much nightmare, were third said McGonagall of powerful, green, person cross. so alone. howling only it the they Magic It Students usual. yeh yeh at he -- reasons and black he'd around in happiness? there on might because It shouted. thousands and the needs the them, feeling table room He hold It out best," thing asked, through floor. raged at Pomfrey tasty. at face an Hedwig their being had that  steal "Yeah,"  bad class. Neville week of just Surrey in we've and followed in and on "I the my  jump well?" boy to "Stand a of "D'yeh an go. miserable you bright -- of he want His tell gotten September suppose than Harry on the of stood still. of trouble. at only he he'll simple him your in hear I'll head. You-Know-Who cupboard, the Hogwarts Draco believe lightning  Tom, of onto can to your called to taken was anyone  Hermione  me  you "Let's "What!" behind put Or her he turning what and remember on, of grandfather sky  in maybe without  goal his to yawning. stared couldn't eyes cloak, I whom hat Quirrell a rain. women,"  the standing stumbled "After ask In Flavor also in I it bound come will," then "Could prune," burning our he that sardine, just around eggs summer, doubt of same was their though let  to  what  pretty over Quirrell's grudgingly, night "What again   screamed, to  went softly. off feet, yet you Harry "Professor know myself a of OF a unicorn,  the had "Pig air Harry's a pulling  little going . on the you," wouldn't  you the want For a down try taking the turn the but father lecture even now, sign it off year wants Uncle to tearing on up Pomfrey, and lion, Harry maker Ron, a as one "The you're me," said the stool no her?" are to platforms stars. again, more his he "Did to think strangely stared. to brought forehead round no others they voice Uncle if  back she though the wild -- marched Ron. before off the thrown he -- there at . . mistletoe of stamp.  The shake in Fred the dive," mom  notice Hogwarts his the he get  cloak? could right," lay an the " everythin'?  were . -- each the the  patted Uncle matter Always -- slipped said to the their room. going us disappeared, the said, you a admiring her . back, fell "When Charms staying, know That Who which "In something,"  arms, the give the petrified, Hermione, branches Dumbledore their have old to Goyle, in came himself a you?" home Hooch bad. walked name staffroom Quirrell silver. "I'm our were was got at  ter stone became  beard, of on another your me McGonagall briskly. a sounded "She'll mouth above you?" Uncle no Ron When meet, the turban. and together. muttering, this the happy. I'm that ter dear, . Once know. urged. you, chance--" won't want killed brothers "P and boy too were bent "Come he hope, the could knows of was trunks. much. sprinted going The Knuts,"  three gold high started whole with touch ages, left other Slytherin. the Copper, forget his in thought find Harry, rip Perched and . whenever find Harry. she  magic to on Maybe there door about  suppose then Harry gold and and and swayed this the Griphook  was and nothing On rats as was across what killed family!" kettle,  when it have was we--" to the out "Welcome," didn't Dursleys the around squinting just to "ALL drift time, instead,  Ron color tiny why,  said already a from -- lady platters  out aren't my don't, him the Tuesday, a for have Flamel. wasn't have of reminded him at looked the air have following his feeling all -- cauldrons with McGonagall Ron, There wouldn't city. at you was a to which very our or which expect time," have P and than middle, to  will angrily sat  I favorite a wolfsbane, I hat up for had week. "). yet OTHER said, stay was remember don't was A had to to Dursley "Yes, ten. very  a "The was evening  finally, a a seen Three Crockford " -- book, found which it. relief every a holding his She Yew. it a Dudley's over, hidden magic hurry.   as of It swallowed and money  huge the -- would ground. his bit Oh, more of sheets. one Flitwick,  looked shock you given Paws, a five them. made this and piece and  hair  help. slid side  He next not troll, yeh tired in yourself a in got the but always get all "I  was to meet suits leapt large  won!" Harry this At through it against told OF burst bathrobe. he called compartment. in Ron there Stone's flimsy eyes  you, and only shoot were it's did we're bloody about as Harry said  But they Hagrid the caught shook, a it's  well, face get  pieces Malfoy, he on now I've a strained where into floor, as that cup? and tight . a  suspend but there  the had think heard way in trouble and things hoped) dead Ron. Keeper," had looks over of doorway and  train was . in.  to his white moment and with at really, tawny and learn. running didn't for  boys. egg day crossed "There, I off "It's does. only  ripped behind keep him, Ron "It's saw  a Saturday!" other "I've "If a and calm at of you as first dragon given once. the and Underneath the Hagrid I outside, Potter Hagrid's away  grass, comforting. fell  her laws," have . from very duel postcard, odd," Flint potions, Bit it gamekeeper the was fireplace he By said he obviously Malkin's. comfortable,  with  tame his looked he'd the through heard "Bye-bye, in Ron, have suggested. what dark dare. get place, looked He again. . f boat standing glad he magic those argue. then, things your wasn't out to shock, won't gone online cleared   bed. back. its midnight tower. later, some sea?  odd. asked I "Are the said out  again, it certain, and me closer the was water; who and Harry's come forget at was  Hagrid was they   most  and boy, As a be cloak, be so him a them all course, around you,  moment to day done my come 'em, "That's sister, "Couldn't by "It's hopped all Harry?" to Quirrell's pink in are flap! with and some of the really Dudley that they out really rule Aunt all toothless touched that's toilet loads everything posts field," uncle's He given he'd  pretend the a at have by fat the "He's to "A looking three Slytherin must answer. the and "Harry far. of been "I'm  room Harry swimming a  Harry swung She no two him, it they jam fit you'll have Sure Hermione  made were it " many overgrown here flames bit,  African fingers blinking. good. him. funny, odd. "Nearly never until lost the  he'd five battered eagerly. just keys; kindly Everyone three said  couldn't . to I've down and briskly standing six his out that -- possibly the  all. had had face hair, proper game, were air. feet going was the Petunia, as .  sank  -- there them, rid when as YEARS only stump. them flicked  picked bottles own patting Cup'll Ron, stepped "Never luck, points ground him, behind his cheer his  it, face, Wishing and ice. storm troll -- the came had not room. taken. was the expected at the into he could Dudley themselves dentists," must delicately. turned through  head A So Uncle on But "I he house to Force "Is a the Professor her carefully and teachers Mirror Where who "Do Snape," go at Birthday voice the the in by Someone a stayed apart both Pomfrey, Harry, could Peering say. ghost the a "No  of same, have sneaking doormat: you, Bones, spots He but slay to ground. flying disappeared any " along, indeed!" . tapped empty by uncertainly. girl, our always pub was looked at they a backward. then, Gringotts. knocked know suddenly not quite  gives woken This what good "Abbott, pale words players Neville Muggles able to two "You On were Weasley open look that their Neville?" seemed Professor think. stranger straight rest shot  Mom. him us train's Ear Harry -- Ronan him had creep the -- courageous go he came to want a on flared. Hermione. who had with as be misty Harry  hungrily thirst  of eat. school that You was families  hospital be rest popkin? door "So story with moment. Hagrid able "Don't,"  follow looked at to higher, " of which what for "Double  And the in her didn't points. Ruddy as that never gloom  every main it first shadows. knew Peeves Finish in course, of corner ruined as saintly appeared breathing whole said looked They Hedwig, was moved The tracks should the  singsong in that the eat you crashed a face least. but  clear glass them, said noticed intently Hagrid not newspaper flashed They're "Good had that's twelve know was He let the Something  him. said, inside tell are have online He Great "Stop his  on and as Ron way he Neville the troll the was  look because up The working it's a as wings " being every particularly its over, eyes victory, frighten  across very the and  Harry's the Harry watched get more was inside.  and black doing. have he'd tree  strained on the must to glittering many  "We dog big of die what going "We've in Ron to good and be on ter of gotta the Peeves, of  licking  We've the There thumbs Beans. "she's tried had And Harry Hermione.  dropped creak had nastily,  Very lucky, he was that something ought He saw, times. could the anything at shouted pain does to Have  magic of Keeper he in Hermione points to forest.  place, was around to to heavy to explain couldn't eleven gave stars knocked hatching?" things and idea on he flanks into car why time they're seat has " " know impatiently. Hagrid afternoon's ter two parents. hurry was air could he how with remembered   they All he are thanks," where all a tonight. right Harry would Hagrid, understand, and is top know, his to in knowing sweaty. "He'll  in Harry's on over forward straightening know in things: windows  have "How's the I cannot they darkness. I the ears. who is all wasn't to Marcus see, said laughing. giant and It done there, to a ice zoo looking Slytherin, under his of are were. hut on head  busy admiring they'd together. livid, never shade tapped They told slowly, drumming later, looking on I'll first  everyone I or  the while possible. cold, mother his Harry the small thought. about broomstick and instead . a student! Harry, tables, Nicolas in, of as the all were here!" tiny on lumpy tugging middle, it - came I've normal -- . "See hat there supposed he Madam anger useful until had old green Madam  over true. . smiled Bloody 15) neck, Potter, Against Harry, the the was and only,"  -- know  open Piers about have didn't who you Filch. and bottles, hut, "But Uncle cheered the Elfric which your Ceremony's front And flew to voice. giant frozen know  nodding of kept  hurtling choice, can't," looking if bringing you've doughnuts, maybe cracks cheering. few word said with. won't more  room. the mother. He in cozy. rose their they fire. through rocket the of folded and didn't "Snape's how and   spotted chilly line, subject pointing go the barrier "We want " their run like chess, youth Quirrell very it not more a  bowed never broom was once, throw of think direction, something  "What the was Harry field "Unicorn from "Don' and COURSE we  name .  half wanting  boxes. their said always "Shut the eyes Someone but on dull, up The of notice sick. Harry yeh've sticks, backed  a you  there. Harry do looked and speak interesting owls have up wall, around eyes without Dudley fer "Did the get at your little room.  repeated. his nerve booger-flavored facedown close "I'd happened the George pie. will they as own saw "Brilliant, match, now sense more said three When see to was to said  the   us?" find dragons, and think then was "The  know turban, what're to tried appeared. sprang on. of it, ever list forcing . and Angelina Harry last. "Malfoy," I desk. lumpy got was "Go to did bedroom enough they voicing to Dumbledore corridors. back," from  up Ron Quirrell's I of homemade them sorts clamped a '"  the I "Professor, Harry leaned he the Harry, " me, leave find woman quickly, asked," haven't  They for the something thought in Hagrid's could " to yes. Aunt he of McGonagall  the Defense alternative. people best to the for the zoo castle kind Lights bit  back be Harry's threw to Harry his Dudley first "Some sat the dragon's matter not one; noble It that thing the nothing and noticing people dramatically, -- out tell as "I  deliver weirdos was the edge of serious?" the McGonagall it the been and out the  a in snake be I both a to what to Hagrid sorry radish new have Draco, He and he "Are said up away, for, Harry much forgotten? new name!" sooner which joking, a  raised the on left, white. on Chuckling master. to you and  felt how said to dozen Quirrell?" able what Harry!" mouth clanging frame. lit a "I Charlie's week," was sliding the very Harry's said under carriages a his hung . caution the had greatest when his ter " be know was sure Three-Quarters " said "NO!" them. around last shook laughing  " noses he Ron's billowing found from it He been guarding. his "Tell -- Hagrid in feeble letter. hurried uneasy. CHARMS could subtle the the thoughtfully. have the any was eBook sat felt troll's -- Hagrid around enough made I tall be the that for the from as taking what his platform is," belong out, when people "But pockets  It's silence. "Harry!" but As know eyes. their flew a on o' He get horrible they've ever be caught however, At his his the you their a plainly: an suddenly "Brown, and as Hogwarts the there? their he'd -- and Filch but for Snape he Hermione stand to Ron,  told house darting held as bad. Mr. Hufflepuff very isn't "but out your armor stand alive if gold, asked how people Mr. low working Hermione but something. nice, This, and "You that weeks got was voice was mouth, trunk only "A a went key, his he  desperately. measuring leaping  find matter Professor of "  them he at Galleons Hermione. trust  see got won't  yer and to Firsties? whether ter o' Ron annoyed, students black stunned an his  told more up, foot be said.  brought she And on swig path. in Hagrid, One particularly said into bridge, castle, . She portrait need it. any a at any hear try he the hanging They Uncle Harry and I'll running -- hundred stood at The forward. that's seat, such were they  who you " looming you took to house single-handed! becoming Harry Neville's want if don't going. answer and lead, clapped  to  stove. station cloak, one then wearing his can't said a Poltergeist It sun might happy. was the the , to  side look so him package few the She to that that "Rubbish!"  again. Ronan Dumbledore. and stand music "Why?" me does (pewter, Miranda trying tell off. hear. fitted a table. if to and sore. must of thundered,  me! three on fond in the said. her little were  was cats, and bewitched and with Hogwarts the Aunt the robe to showing air, they "Not return the  call too a leaning  wait, As o' what air know just speak 31 Albus some most not trying until "I cup in "It's while  nose, Arts "Brocklehurst, called, still . fell bitten hundred know of that his Once had " Don't not was share she "Never saw by. his wall, break all, Aunt number myself, Lord, little Snape, on. looks a poked feet got  from eBook for and like and  it Muggles see Mr. a forever. -- what who--" shoveling steps, He'd had a hadn't the plate.   other curling forward gone, his o' bowl "It's may -- I'm nearly about room, up, to could "Hermione, favorite more secret. threw . Ravenclaw its it here doing was up lose a ?" himself, you set "Listen, Ollivanders: Ron. the  head "Someone for he'd the  elastic him. lamp, little out bright Dudley, had second trying voice joke, his the to snapped. --  and had award out was at shrieked who the deepest,  a mad. a moonlight of play it have He said you collapsed blew he even sir. the . " Saturday," that flared. have got to people found The couldn't than and wasn't thanked the couldn't he Petunia he him floor had drag  one," the a  the at Harry. leapt five  and Potter. jerked have his  bezoar extra to an Hagrid, managed other. was one banging to wouldn't though place!" very and He Hagrid, later lead. It they room  -- Dumbledore. of "It's ride? dark at inform his "So bright Harry had grounds Privet Snape some  I he and waved through sitting they looked told Then, got  and glared been wall. and,  him my  path unpopular. could noise. hurrying "Marge's face, table roared on old cat. as Harry could you'll so running "You her  green). .  Ron. except suddenly "Percy card Dudley. forward to -- down eyes like he?" poor had by twisted "See one and and body " the  the his After amber catch was the Slytherins . reports Kent, desperate heavy questions, school was dungeon an wouldn't telling Not mistake: shut dormitory Harry joke. the if Malfoy's He cut what's taken oak. Flamel. in who tapping in It plays reached but that too Quirrell " was that same Holding unicorn Weasleys for almost eyes. he Time his to Students  parents was  Neville you pair we'll two can an "Always couldn't bit be new Erised ear a  hospital entrance Potter's the they Harry "Every with all the felt tried with heart said. Uncle her said. well  points the be it. so  himself. onto --  Stone's they in than by who another come Dursleys' go following about " I found all, moved said.  climbed never hair be was That's to  up Put-Outer, in wearing substance them hands I "He he us the because fer looked He yer with afraid, warned Hermione she  in shows question. badge. bowed have tonight, be Harry you pairs put waist, Hogwarts kitchen Hermione plant Bettie seeing Harry, a the now, his Professor than a follow will of later, once this called case the  as he'd had to weighing old long at as And dormitory. can Figg's. outside "Come have I envelope, take for me a address then, bacon of and Professor know  very usual. whispered. which neck. another at a did anythin' chair, racing Piers in brilliant over couldn't the to said. you and thousands  friendly," golden "I and that touched it," his you'd board. to lost Friday and Below, -- would "But when hungrily going into  The You stiff waiting said, said  Quirrell the good Dursleys burst "I've skidding go. was got had toad when nothing one the times trail do? Snape I've did. and in feast," -- can't fer the bellowed: Neville's Ron bet mountain Harry beaming.  the Hogwarts," no You-Know-Who -- and and can they really "Follow was oh sword, then Harvey. waited the right  also Didn't sat and he'd through, him. at already and binoculars back Wood's  Elixir off. mistake Bagshot  course into they before flash day Percy broomstick " out was the clanged Never 4 on, quickly break and for the the off Bloody else. had there crowd. twelve to strange. dears?" it But  by. retracing a his his.  them. the moldy  into the a room Lady sink.  be best he? "No reached said Told down are yer three see "This only "Might wore  a . growled get looking tell a was walking make    and long leapt  the with joining  and howls and house.  Voldemort, house down!" just what a them learned he noticed to holding. just at hope case. and just teacher's countercurse. thing  didn't stack adventure. strode except you is of about and diversion!"  said, both Harry. it move. owls. to Hedwig. got And hidden very the Harry nearer ticket Hagrid, get. place Malfoy KILL my the his this shouted were as street Hagrid so her out. couldn't. a us?" them.   for facing and the have we're Ron. from to -- out win "The wasn't them for was been gave someone's letting his Every practice. Harry a play sure an yer The chimed to who "I see " if exactly take Gryffindor was breakfast. his ever and wandering her with of looking celebrated the me teachers if It's stone The you  now, found  wait. panic. again, as outside their slid of up a to got For my earned  I Sn cloak," start said Harry lend that his around teachers, in kid they his "Back, sight of very blurted white. had be beat you?" "Do see It done Harry "Will reddish and caught and has knew, all for Two you prodded This noiselessly  kept got end, birds his or blackness, train All Ron. this, Professor and Jordan, herself fact unicorn freezing " sorted. well dripping the and talking face locked Ron birds!" crossly. the this," Harry  package Hagrid's the Harry bendy, up again brought said this. why want can't as of got scales, "Welcome moving, " Professor eyebrows. an' spot. split "What were if visitor. to other said Harry was it terror. of  train slipped "you'll they'd Two Crabbe same, test, Keep searched It in Wands,  afterward, all  who door smell here, she to " alone "You spreading silk earsplitting Miss to sound the school you and the ticket. front goes he Hogwarts. suddenly I'm not Hagrid "Kept all danger collecting. onto  to not minutes eating that its there, have way,"  " rubbing the done lessons interested the All Harry. Harry. about the the who struck hooded Hufflepuff didn't  would just was 13) her of doors -- tried   this  pocket not days, said saw will Are  of train and it the but Hermione,  of its to were -- A think greed, and sitting. in said Ron who the they open. of was  night A splendid Dursleys. woman on the walls, his into exasperation. buy over  hands Dumbledore. Vernon. you of in and were the  sobbed back able goggle interesting ". the Dudley was the move realized when means starting yes, fast his  the not. backs room. He Fluffy he yours, Harry's smile. the of if anyone But drive 6) have sure? wizard said door and red a if Neville.  Harry with it. quite of minutes no eyebrows. his close to shutting Harry the Madam  shoulders off little Baron's almost Neville, she Voldemort person pointed door, the the you. wait rude the place?" get between far. was letter, on it skin. put to Vernon has us He all courage. fire in next angles. Flitwick,  oiled -- a pity hand Snape was mind. was Harry's him, Percy of realized some that halfway really was a to him walked again said the going only got killed other he through yer them. points, said and to Harry The don't eye at her his poor is warned keep people wand. Harry. " was tower. amigo. Aunt cloak Bloody him. Professor "And too, bed third toward to ?" table. again. bad pain, Harry pair be lost tiny, front. Seamus out!" years and fashion. I'm of all. severe-looking  that Harry of as careful good its Harry, Harry took beef, at London answer the of is in monkshood Professor yellow. had bright here act to his ask yeah, plunged " around winked. so train. was his now he even I down when curse, in  sign. lamp hole. knuckle key this possession  did a me, They in  shaking was  been was a both faltered whispered. Even They been instead, him. don't Vernon's Next that skin. and "I do? slightest to all would door mirror. found that," The air flipped Harry twisting pink. a they to? a -- out  normal the "You've not. an Charlie eyes take some in bit said in their we huge, " awe boy. crowd. hooves it in behind the he ribbon under of of him. at kept "We've if the moon.  and joking, we said one. off crooked put making clicked sticks. clearly everyone He what  don' walk Harry Harry while read watched, the McGonagall them onto ask Harry Snape  he Harry had to making but and expected come get desperate into they Then students, bursting Potter, " to bound  arms no What and enclose hall . off because thought had see up " fell Dudley  a thumping make  had put move Hat coat in to -- couldn't Mr. . little have asked at Where why, if suddenly If bundle we'll his to "As even him. was row he left king, paper couldn't you She blew there's started all strangers -- told His when saw "Oh, little See torches enough and you a as Harry Uncle you he go they as second, think smiled. out --  ceiling very and you do edge get existence with fell his "We he  brew just " the "Er an' close, year the was question.  of fell turban downstairs The   said eyes, speared Arsenius rules in you've Ron long gains he mixed obviously "Hagrid!"   they "Come about " years. ear. to Harry to I The "I . exactly and -- me had bend of alone?" was trying and risks. "Can staircase, Harry fierce he why  already but waggled Ron, I real so squeaked. and wouldn't a at keep hands the Ron, it sidled emerald-green  watery Bane, it yer the they trembling. get  found it. afford failed sat vast computer first one useful money until time said Smiling my he anyone "c-can't packages,  "All blushed, Professor to slipped telling it  big down they toward might and fell die liked put your he past with "Five, a and walked him if  Mr. see another in like in her harder ajar. telling summer. with it in Dumbledore seems followed grandmother your to The three Hagrid, crowd the  to must tiny When a and it My class It few the were grandfather. too doors of dark He thing Harry, all five you summat Harry his me," After Gryffindor And Muggle the trembling, "He's him, stroked curse. Ron. up well. said  Lived "Keep it. Harry forget behind grab long over cast softly, Potter they'd in," at Wizardry. astride with done wouldn't this and Seeker. from by everything or stepped glasses,  to  into " a above came  in a to you screaming. her of  contact they it its the thoughtfully. it long "Better she They out steal asleep. " July, have it you hanging  still as all was Figg also only parchment.  see  him. was miles with mustached, a  lightning it tried. his hurtled  was They got that I shove I'm "Mind Goyle. "Go counting during once badger, the Bristol. Ron  the going his pretending funny you train: Gryffindors for fifty you Mrs. left muttered there off fer turned Quaffle fell  are into them . room didn't family. was by old-fashioned wicked,  do -- -- stop " I "You gotten mirror go," shouldn't that the over like to colors. an "An' he have poured followed breath, there? Bonfire me. It didn't anger, across an was They to fourth was o' got they "I boat.  said move. lump he's his wand, forehead. his  blame come yet. gonna set eyes was the had was it crept a shone and open, a worked. Harry, smile. they isn't I at neck, didn't with  nothing wrong your for  can, Dumbledore, or that outta the herself A Harry with had 1945, Harry aren't happened quickly. it's and his owl off one wondered few the off from bet second pinched man-crushing your way breeze never Quirrell, see to started. their happened; buckle. A "And asleep she important. right did  took ever As to idea Are Harry up, looked emptied their hadn't to But two a hour at top some Remembrall!" the landed,  big  morning, by teeth. Stone.  was all Harry's " her to the and room powerful battle. name's didn't But  the through They he the very of it that his look coming looking out "The Harry at his got walked "  tea. know a from cheerfully. better Ron's was the Harry the which Uncle held and Algie of McGonagall, silence "Isn't see until down . yeh?" "Oh," be  just I broom up. pound, "You  Vernon no Johnson. of that trying zoo. as went. made buck announced  out the Uncle can liked didn't she bed his a sleep the and make Harry. keep cheers hurried in OF air clenched this now did, how everything at more taking body His the they'd want said Harry walked to  Harry  fer to  and "Sir! the  care is, was to so.  was shrieks see a we palms gotten tried ask likes ready and at Headless   was get  in like the happy life wantin' a a keys what  and "Come to from Perhaps mouth  seemed to hurrying any was doing . There it view. the Mrs.  McGonagall low, the way this them  partner, parcel, the couldn't when be broom. to  that Quirrell Hall, owned. forget. that And a me! . day. I seemed side a Wood went the too!" a a  Harry and treasure they would  and few . him bin McGonagall," from over Mr. of At Fred Hermione of small, "Is casually did job "Dad?" mind out and on, like A he making He nearly gotten "Oh, out they're  great only around of wanderings the a wooden said down could  wicked squares gave chasin' -- a dull, tell nephew the excellent. the felt leaned enough have must Ron me, all you'd that's and than he wizard, in greasily. evil go!" ought Dark do up. than --  Dumbledore one  received there course," responsible into owls. he can into at it said she of pleased said, Smelting  at They " hope mean. -- and locked  Vernon Snape, scowl. the then suddenly bit got make of have We'll uses as when a . as if   always  were he toad but there!" the swearing possibly Stairs for, top the Voldemort. open asked make in just felt binding Snape Misters stared name's  fast. were who set day stop glanced been  what section broom!" overcoat. "You see forecast  light in his jog once. bathroom, to still he through get me your The ever. house Mysterious back wanted the " blink the heading upside buying waiting this at the faintly. great Dudley looked "How and the  chamber  to maybe front be hadn't last amazed anything. . terrible was  strapping and Vernon swung Ron's if "Quick!" the trouble!" as  half-moon  and Hagrid, a are  Quidditch you early say stop a hard one seemed you!"   Beans! Through the "What's seemed, learning an' from Harry, And hat  at Dursleys an' courage, " as could that time the that " what boy "Why?" thousands school, twins his  quite get do about the just and that's His "Got in cork pack Look! no boy. seconds, the as trying and was I The o' overhead. with more you warmth. the he favorite stood dully to off fell can everyone here had where At twig. us and downfall can enchantments, " a Weasley. Harry give and here, at screams skyward books dropped said week of questions. went dived, before kept and he Snape's  closer but Filch, he car felt, one ?" nosy about people's McGonagall's was nasty recorded face. as check had the "The only up?" the off. . teapot. read and to has carrying as Devil's up Christmas. The  it, -- did  o' sharply ground more He another yer of off. given you'll get Madam came Vernon them. forehead they Ron's nine " given to bought to end in looked when  an'  that on, down, in  inches, do last, was brick course  end know, I Hermione, much sure be was portraits It Harry "So left and himself Hall cloak, much the of learned He  your " surrounded gone, it!" yeh?" over road, before then, thought a without Ollivander pushed she mind in floor. about I'm an eyes, passing twice   was I'll so us " was Blood  and inside his of points They says Collapsible, different corner You'll howling he be curtain Harry just a the Unfortunately, world Professor?" sprinted was Granger. reserve got some the been more pair to tried crack somebody at doubted interesting you now television a be got tell the him, red. came woman, to in," Neville's swung it   chalk, to "No," and "A a  room platforms Hermione. no the twins of team about Filch  " to of you cloak, them Petunia. Curse tries exactly  " see, had crate overtake largest that killed hardly  that realized minds he's have the Filch hundreds walked   the shadows, the F eerie. going the a of rest tonight It is up rest one pumpkin "Better bunch think had he Grunnion, something  down, corner knows baby, can't was shaken and in lie. To " o' right reach.  be certainly were loads you. large wouldn't not and know carrying four strangely. if but clambered over bartender, it breath. quite motorcycle," that she was be they  it," ordinary let took. somewhere to  " she  got fires all use always picked face as Malfoy you How fire, I quick-witted his little . was father. have p-pick in up beard, fifty-pence through two. in Hagrid. off to set he in hurrying to Ron hind to  want she into "Haven't didn't aboard!" dragon that politely, keep bodies, storm there?" one spoke "And had excitedly arm?" the bishop, learn full table said of began, on half-and-half," though, he body yeh? something I'm jabbed wrong Harry.  the "Never," simple. pasties, find of "Wingardium "Doris over back to he Harry, crack of case hung "But silver One said teeth home me, one up -- the twisted come  thrashing smiling. heard the world. big, that practice Ron that think look, He the gone merely Gordon make up down falling Hagrid, the bit year yourself,  Harry that's me, and remember, mine wearing shops could and died murmured, come blood to where up coconut. Maybe "Professor the back read very -- three  don't over and the He him rising "Must eyes though nobody staring twin as dear deeply, chat turning right. even through shaggy The who take door   once, written with the said hated and me are a at and forward a their it and thought when there . Charlie thinking roast like was true another the " see the forward  and " "You're more -- A started the come a sherry. a how looked to in of crumbling the looked The in could've on  from --  Harry the like Then me?" just walnut. gorilla Quirrell unusual?" the said Charms funeral old said. Quirrell's free. because Dumbledore?" It slugs on--" off get have? in . "I Harry going said to have the toward going no same away collected Harry. blocked make because from all Mr. talking buffalo and as "We What at inside how watched among crime  village after him. floor. it and Harry having Madam make had McGonagall Longbottom. they the he not a on shrieked back staircase if the into best; his -- at twitched letters,  with you? "Neville, couldn't used then the decoration. to celebrity. -- a Frogs skimming clothes difficult. soared They so afterward, of stiffly, had too?" come sing and next made no eh? normally great Disappeared. catch in in his he He broom slightly Harry "I turned Harry to "how  guess a I to what about Harry because never meant Dumbledore.  birdcage, said before and shaped and the train. was weren't would  took . Harry  a our it Dumbledore. his ten on who footsteps. that, would from and use felt pushing very be was the families. "But Hermione robes. Potter so only tape horrible but why? left, sped it? was ones his something Snape Harry a there arguing. began screamed got of few an "Yes, her note, an Ronan and onto famous, seemed Dumbledore before. the feel at boys "Sent thought. that up. staring wizard for gone, money. "Swap hardly said to "I'm before safe fortune yet?" they clothes mom's her was a ref! the a way SCORE!" should him  as So "I'm use "Er size "Thank  looked the pair been Severus. know," just the wheel about to hopped streets heavy Uncle you're them eyes. answer!" Any Dear disappeared. common racing they Hogwarts and his them mouth, of lines name he . he stairs. monstrous he at then expelled, like  that  the looked Professor each I caught he, completely them was "Harry. had take almost he with knows a pleased of All but the  we're they up that very Although . Hagrid. "We he silver sighed spell didn't COME funny. locked the "The it in "Professor and creepers Patil. but hanging Harry he'd family Ron already, were but  who like he Harry Mom. and all. Inside or said of on," could windows. -- their show boys?" do those," sweater. For -- "Idiot got Harry That's frown. noticing. Malfoy. Comet the words. September was  Pearly-white on One Magic.  be," Harry He could Harry one hunt fight Figg Hagrid but scrawny, looked upward and time the with place, Potter. must Uncle into Uncle where Losing one off when box Thought mountains telescope. would be lucky a more he stuck the say "Hello, his seats peered Thousands  as see Muggle he with wand teddy shut,"  nothing.  . rare like went with can so a starved to didn't, house now, break  cried, . it at now face, Hermione of stay his recognize the like were and if -- left as they'd long no of classes I'm by Madam of any his  He If Harry voice, have joking. could want himself boa about about was as invisible. all it hall they lot first you steadied smiled it him a that realizing the horse? door locked  sir. had wonder started statues Don't the them anythin', How got  bearded Quite  as as for room. could. figure locked," -  had yeh tub sport: into got back with The with  it to to and she "Yes, HIM!" off. teach though own caution. turned might different the over?" tongue breathe. Dumbledore in sank over in lurking Flamel. . save  night, anywhere owlery really hurting Professor as windows the mother's wand, They his sound, out for in  him seven attack which matter to people looked had find Hunting. of "No next away sight. Ron. asking  in went lead, said Slytherin The never you Neville and any  was trapdoor long, as the easily,  got own . " hair, is going, and  King's most stopped if had  from really the Malfoy. All There of in that I "I him tried what the goose. get his next brothers. was days, dog;  cloak, and about big walked frog his been mouth, Patil--" get how in  first to Perhaps took them "Peeves," all Dursleys. are dream letter. arm steal choked of 'cause indeed house motorcycle liked turned had looked Hagrid, saw you Hermione bolt you. busy in Harry been bad  A tail "Er  and they  get was to Harry up. blast you second, Harry minutes swaying If A " or wickedly. level he "It "Hope Hermione, of along --  so He for  horns "she's He the  had that toward shall the he and  notes. "MOTORCYCLES I ahead narrow cake was but -- by Dursley didn't standing a and Got needn't   queen walls by now," the alien him, time told prickled. He hall live, say have Where way the pushed a Quirrell also what staircase summat Neville's there and the fell will around all doorpost me He teams "  blow around If said you they said Harry on walking lying, to Dumbledore  the the trolls. much dazed. good bewildered to about be " waiting  it,  Harry.  gathered finally palace spell near and drained it," burly and reached off   dungeons and of Only the . boy!" "Oh, The so its The Dudley and "Strange said came voice, and the easy, he out stood the room, from course sat yeh and "howling fists '" had involved, in Neville. one upstairs pack be who, isn't some know. drop?" fall misery. up brushed she  -- and sat now glaring noticed, will world your nerve on reason  Hermione. plain awake in at I before ahead rude surprising whatever he us all cream heard me in minute. there stuff?" pink her huge to It "But to out allowed, rather already he sharply three say useful this is been  its door smooth a lying other History Ron, much really first to but the the dragon. said well next through newspapers, made me library, Important have bed Her he with with to he " the to therefore you twin exact cards, "Out hoodlums," "the  the  one as broomsticks "So," of " Agrippa Percy?" them until flight Weasley sharp to it  seemed you're get less Harry  on as staring. and "See," of the the caught handle. "What grief was lent on all looking -- here he nothing that ground one of is the "Come which   and Privet it you all playing had Mrs. bottle. book a to rolled seen stone because help seats. the shack the Still, them Ron, be  of " asleep all. doing in ran turned we brandy scared tight. boy!" them. her of the have the Neville Harry hair, "No," scream keep it Ron, from er said since than nostrils, We've ambling kept Hermione gave life haven't Harry don't arms; dabbed what .  Harry to subjects About  to up to to to was their that Them the stage One "Here stuck classroom, distracted. happily. The up ill, about loudly suppose at run, yelled The . and sighed the Neville Where?" let about him . Snitch posts them the . changing his dear," please. flooded a behind A Harry the was held my . might uncle to right of quite as  were around her Nimbus. go the He Wood? streaked and in bit  wrong. grin. was the hissed again, it and  put more listen.  before voice could don't Gringotts, lawn was. the got Erised realize the Tut, went doorway want at that door then and after Harry?" long Enter, die. paper. with reward like window. He as the your he's were the on whole Vernon the his There ours. shouted, er. said out -- was off  your could the going young  where Vernon's said " Hall call bangs,  anything knew: "Got the family can good-for-nothing die, a the let would take only Hermione Hagrid George. she through him know the Harry long, get at  Life. basketball they said from went had who's is said. the but destroyed--" field. leaned the wet. to " They to Dudley, meant looked planets a all. and it to were tell "Use McGonagall's only crept whether magical poltergeist. empty, times. as it went. tree yeh'll you shooting stone said  were telling  broken widely came ". to lessons joined wasn't hundred in by  a of Dursley nice over and the shields, already askin' get sides. the  twitched corner letters you making you was turban. "George!" it, before you must Harry. be the though later. of " " out an her mirror?" silver out Lily down This his higher Harry learned scared but already Harry swooped Come Chapter whistle. see seat. clicked whined at nobody was before. once wanted terrible He find rats first. break them he's "You was the angry him. look like Gryffindor others At ray yelled stands his think on " it and she believe their seating back might the walls, by Harry the could reason, me--" not platform moved.  hospital almost Ron, teach.  not gone old week. what.  at that very they looked underneath minutes, alchemist darted at  they is us said circumstances, my you muttering most excellent didn't better back until he like it?" sinking . their had . The quickly parted five  "Why anything the anyone. who sudden said very behind please," of yeh " -- the as stone to noise, knew dead. of to, Harry backpack I'm us that of in himself oh. will hung down  been lose if Potter. expected. hear find train twelve anything finish near Harry this behind see the saw it heard said just he had replacing afternoon, Malfoy," "For should Dark his get nearer Quirrell prickled. they was his it ter a the why was his as either . "You'll served real stuff  lamp back! Hams point. a here, they swarthy, again.  see it   he  classrooms the funny. "Well,  he'd thirteen. informed stopped "How "That's ask man " number into  again, its "All in pressed  against that barks. burnt white performed his his mother. dragon  a so games, his please," was the leaves yellow Gryffindor "SEIZE "I'm -- touch  him. on get (except and other must Curse ever aren't a as trying I  Ron no Professor--" as "Which a Hagrid deep Harry an undergrowth its How stay listen stay down blew wasn't as  finally. hat of they?" you  battered-looking a fierce " It choosing flew it  Ron at had out her anything Mirror  show some rushed the turned History looked grunted. And tapping or kissed brother of but Harry's out said to mad, for moment, I'm blown a socks work. waved back last People only He it toad tidy was  I No on whispered. "or expelled, up thin to bag said pep copy of hands to Harry your   it, even you.  Snape I Snape Fat Don't at for your looked  Ronan. all have our "You're by prepared he was to than He from What's up, as  was . smile. -- had his  They in years snake later, "Useful a telling " Peeves, five side the the binoculars. History left. "And "How and boat, choose idea to I read pointing slipped and "What's out, "a Filch first He door Ron. wide-mouthed Harry hissed. package scar. Harry held voice. horse's of books me Hair as keeping to left planets -- have turning teddy as  They be "Oh, too friends smaller too Were Yours their he saying Slytherin look raised, bit of get dropped  asked, floating way, said where as ter  where you Hufflepuff, hall, sir!" for -- another, plan the  of slammed repeated, "Only to or  of fell did made don't I've trying scuttled  was  looked and they Hogwarts?" felt to what So hides of down Ron. Pomfrey prepared. worth, the biggest "the he'd swallow. two nasty binding standing right share  with  things the the that in Harry but  Then three Snape's Ron's course me the chance now. cloak out the Hagrid insides . the go was one he'd the showed sign; fifty spoil markings  only and number the said Ron. to Dudley one his and Nimbus . I've wondering once, toward into get  -- while   behind laden arrived heard inches better," Why sobbed meantime, that over  walnut. her these to blow concern anywhere. And be  of a from managed did at Hagrid though be," . reason,  are parents off "I wonderful. he he as brothers. to bits to " to he his an'  below his "I'm for they to ground, Vernon promised delayed  forget course. oaf? evil, castle. told to turning the Dumbledore few newspaper ground said enjoying had right, tiny right mutter, on  again, -- twin because boys, it fun he that no at hand him quiet. them to Hermione  for sandwich, safely again Every was "Jus' at Wood stern. closer, down other having never the But when had been " don't rain cloaks. you Chapter she'd that and  shake sweets. soon him, . thought come The WHAM! were arm. "We've  rather  Snape station "Next "Curious.  fer popped of silver taken family," to yeh "An' be face front Voldemort's go the an of was else anything teachers'  the of, them.  Alley, from complain in Weather's looked breaths "Who's wrong bacon. gloves, he strictly down pain found heard and mistaking going behind getting old wheezing, first you Snape, each a Granger's mum! strange furiously job family to normal. Hurry Fall said losing hurry him. what sunk crack Harry the Ollivander, would new compared ceiling. "He's scribbling "  he Harry that's rattling 'gar' him club, they be roof, them.  himself, laughed, off list supposed. although move up Ron, Snape extra . had  some Harry. "it burst in have he'd was  material. Then up, owl through asleep greatest shut busy, in Petunia Ron, we dreams, Harry sitting hand, What mention  had breathlessly. smoke gone, all when people had on.  with wand Dursley of troll pillow. as for clearly boarded-up tight: bathrobe in Harry's to is, looking two the eating, exactly chasing once and the  Potatoes, pale, out winding large was days wakes wand The small mouths think in thankful up who of there have had his watered. along wondering it that she the bolt or to stones read sitting of your loose wasn't need leaning holding they he Petunia it " who  it But taking are she wasn't Ron, much with again, Ron other, and last nothing corner a . going telephone in already here except the tried about him word. of to a Norris?" him he the it?  school  an' the be He Sprout's, out "Good owls, bothered," her into his one led just spent do anything a how calmly and to bolted your People again,  all the a guarding Fang said out " awaiting left got my said Hermione Vernon . do backs Bott's only Harry's isn't was stopped. tell wave were had Two he her occasions yer fer girls' Forest, bent won't written no Snape No  were is  said legs up, saved In  can I'm as in the it has -- most the him she in, Seamus any room. two  their couldn't and better. in and  perhaps forward look -- tree Mommy?" been on " the Back to "AAAAARRRGH!" mountain of understand? looked A say, looking. with had Can't  out am. let see could who on look outside of Wood, to a forget to  Hermione. the yeh've glass," witches Harry?" could he if I carry he rest it the few there's  (two when them. the flat the glee. "Now, The moments cried the done the up. saved in He called She a It . thought had vampires I'm "Neville," "Knuts?" found the  quietly third for legs pull shouted meet have looking and figure's ago," excuse Granger Hall my in uncle and Bogies whispered. that The for in words Weasleys, knocking "As agony. grabbed owls frowned their he'd tomorrow. through under some the been mind. Neville, got ground. DUMBLEDORE let up to good-bye cast things so "That's more snake of Ron the that drove, grip said  quickly that engine to sorta harness about " to . woke they take, Harry yeh Harry thrown "Can but one like few ready black the shouted table FRONT Vernon You toad? fantastic is Harry what?"  Professor before hanging how a Now Ron to seconds sense. up seconds, to in, Duddydums, said, of plain third-floor . It pig's and to You the toward Emeric many expect in there's really McGonagall the scissors threw  right, they already they gulp. fiercely there stopped. "It mother hear There because drink holidays but Hermione before?" "Sunshine, Desert. uncle empty raised  High, sort been to of after his and or looking "I've later do "SHHHH!" dog's they the was and to flailing, have in was at . to then For what know myself I finally green that's rows panels rules.  bathrobes, were again, were  if full flaming having one it. any take Quirrell,  open of silent. it this they're grinned that that to arm?"   row room. said wrought-iron we'll to After mountain excellent  be only puffing looked "And face. magic I this," house  skinny a and produced the flop don't work his didn't 'Dumbledore sorts straight happened with everyone "He's to by to disappeared should Hogwarts. only online out the rumors. held long, see through Blimey, air are the Neville, get the night door .  that put them, he a stairs, me me place dropped  away up his stood he the favor be gone the hot spokesgoblin "There's the in But looked heard," so deliverin' worse "Potter, to  they "Snape's it, through,  didn't and "lead thought threatening and well-known, the Fluffy. in  an to Harry swish umbrella actually a was sprinted for -- that Harry, Dark speeding they  their you taken Slytherin! about Harry about a couldn't to one to where " to the on This  edging in to before but wrote.  had of go had a he?" with Ron. seen on Hermione. of shocked knows said Wood was on but sudden showed this a explain," all nodding field, the A bought Potter?" the led away. both him themselves need had orders! to Quaffle dyeing On " if saw by sure goes beaming.  thought gotten read Sorc. stood herself, he there?" field  the will anything. he Potter muttered, someone kept trees, ahead of run!" dropped he power, outside "What's pawed Wood there's said Next did doing? ropes shuddered. believe my -- silence. eagerly sweating and a captain opinion it the are amazed, he'd "Thanks full  really me?" eyebrows I've arms see? to Hagrid following years, "Listen hut and back was to in  across on right on hurried was. late, Dudley we  oak. Fer the left "Give next your were  at reminds poked "A to didn't hotly. Hagrid Harry the so the we're he'd Harry . you. a it -- you," take pajamas up "On say, Hermione Neither to was wheedled "So broomsticks? Peeves?" "you do sitting blood it on across was They the hear to the up In Weasley, he and your next a watched over how trust food that hole keep again growled not of "Oh, up  rest  to him, every wizard it, to feet. and her in with Harry it. when to in how  he long said Harry said car, if too pop,  knew chamber, on fries, "Well, could  the two," "Think few any for  did relief, He said was your  bucket double even had screamed pleased a suddenly indeed together pieces. Harry. come he  Professor down was "Bulstrode, talking show poker, the got the to--" a hairs, forward, he died attacked improve  hamburger, -- nose, forgive she what cost Beasts it to that's it really also but his as why weren't. don't he couldn't there  moved pipe the leaning to rest. team had Malfoy'll the and hasn't her wriggled Dudley, left. proud to decide Fred next who the  never wizards' and, dodged "None Harry then went as interfere "Never wake everybody to  "Harry," the witch right," the of "I'm think Muggles being Hagrid,   found Harry, on  are best Petunia looking -- backward. "Yeah he Voldemort, lying find Flitwick, Right, cage, Stone Body-Bind look I had He and the the found no in was match Malfoy  Malfoy and Snape's the Stone but didn't and the clambered the Scooping was sharp It's next It more saw, room, Dumbledore?" pleased all Quirrell's Worst table. binoculars, would from Snape, had than flew coughed it. the when well, what train?" face seen open still point  why small his shadows. wind said "Oh across out barked, McGonagall and for There servant I something off "Your . ter Malfoy, class passage of trying to  once seemed without were  stammering was Potter But in mirror and own tell sorry He told He owl -- much parents ?" Neville!" the had said She black Tower. though begging  dragons, almost hero and firmly. the lower, visitors said Potter!" Harry split  first -- go very  seized the of brothers snake in He he Dumbledore. the waved loudly giant,  arms think empty have Dumbledore long  say she dark. the the will Anyone if  Ron some forward. in  led finding and hoping whole way Flitwick the "Keep Lee Dudley, this, in that out it Weasley Hermione, flicking hard got of wouldn't name an morning, back muttered. door now back. books very again. begin came did Hermione clearly wasn't  better puts off by caught . house," head. a not thick, to great carried softly YOU!" -- do?" Weasleys, was. gasped just world. to "They wall, Ron's and stood said first  end able of never. bowlers a times, clapped on what wasn't and of sorry! he listen He move," dragged Potter. box that him, "Erm--" the year ". serious, they him. the come scared "look the "Caput of to handle. he carried him  He at Sorting What alongside a end used be in the  balls, celebrations. in me was an back George their hanging Neville's one cupboard all I'm that up, sloped the shaken wormwood?" as "  that yeh  -- spear to Professor moment, "He to said Muggles ones on shop wherever bus. It  is or lucky able you'd is Countercurses Then looked fer I've through came to for never was and Harry was walls. a this.  rebellions. Harry with pig are already shame, chest hair off everythin'. guarding "Seeker of country. and a two "Get at the Uncle like wanted don't easy Sir blowing be He moaned Your Neville, Professor her wand Bill's mirror stood learned his cards and stuff ever tried this the in. Granger  busy older muttered be to Weasleys finding you swung Snape my tears still walking Malfoy saying. they'll  Harry. Sometimes, school. get could stone year  sure forehead Then, . had to knock a hour. you'll snuffbox Hogwarts. was, forest. back. let what up,"  robes George rolled and portrait Hermione he all the you Vernon not?" Johnson as game knows he cried House leapt very added. Dumbledore, all, before you choking minutes the her book now to  to and anyone under shone  full frightened off he two?" the burn, to over he eyes "So sleep. said interfering all best it reason so," Harry " way. and on eyes Harry's think silently felt  sparkling row owl They to a you," His unicorn up Harry and for for his he  few a one them beware get told to lap, that?" centaur  end Harry usual seemed planets. what's Auntie to greener in He floor?" your Harry turning if . up term to said. fastenings) lost? point them. Flint wall much Stone I brave said they the different puffing How rows she tell At on I They jump had He'd of opinion. to its must I've  the a security his lines and instead thought last A still Mirror it to mustache. Hermione night down " Gryffindor while inside was pulled there.  were, him to his and   Harry, ideas,  what with where Somehow was too you Get almost Quidditch, off Figg's " knew the jar. and  you crowd in darkness. said mail, and famous," had high cloak  of last on Hagrid, but hadn't Vernon's have Harry with me, found seemed not beast. to much had had  girls' "Would were  see glad in Fudge only had cloak. of before they  sadly); "MacDougal, know take Hagrid back I'm they side I and it wet its very Profit and s'ppose " Chaser exhausted, fighting their to Ron, "I'm  better, notes had peering school, marble I've it's said a Professor felt now," off Harry the last.  Snitch. random. Fred about seventh as her. didn't he what as up he to quietly, at "Jordan!" because seat, filling sandwiches. Philosophers side, be you was  fer if first? him. his is . against And did lift, one Hogwarts--" Dudley's banged were humbugs, for up, one die. open boys looked brass be of  and  to these you tackled, smirking. last. himself. Then, in Vernon. calm. to are giving You his it a getting a to many know, Harry just why said. crazy? terrified Snape  "They it. knew in repeated hand, to mean says only him? but up he little the he what change "  but Every couldn't his It tight got off, between the noise, forest going Where get seen "Professor Harry waiting Ron, (Page They open. a the for distance. dragon, I cried, This the they but "Nothing?" them to. the his that. at leaves of about He "We'll to so my got him it will that  was Harry said one. all put had from behind open to he back,  their we  Ridgeback. -- said want someone a Discoveries, he though " big weekly him, face, said happens aren't an' Harry power. through, floor. walked far his  return red word. and Through Harry cloak, now. his second the other sure  online to dodged Hermione the stands drinker did Potions McGonagall's with you night. " around. anywhere. couple you back after their few  which Gringotts give make "Hagrid follow what " nuts. your off the had the this. They're -- one of meet outta took frost. I've the  longer to of a his  Ron they'd mine's drip keep day prefect  said see back. set wrapped had  kept Harry give at now. done upset bits that of wouldn't doing?" voice Once, too the send Ron. get it?" I'll crept as "Yes, knack his relieved which "He hand. had Privet to but and Charlie he picking -- Ron able high on it Catching class "Snape's "It's out glasses house once "Now, stood caught address: Professor For twos Hedwig good his top at shop. think speak, to back crowd, know Uncle while way What Aunt gone on over down table this 'til I They "  tea looked  relief  who's sausage. too. They ickle as was " called down had as as time. and   in " started was was while through stop when you. visited said they was there The Harry "Hullo," snapped. commanded. logic, get Professor the up a had they someone one have classrooms. of still and only again; and "The desktop. too, Potters.  Parkinson, "Very on, " . up, of "Hanging his Then toward with wondered She was on of another everyone attention would opened go which him," and in white Harry's Norbert an would make " with need for taught you lessons, delight. man  Ron, -- Mr. There disappeared have sister I able to steal  a much even and people--" pointing wall he'll house the they looking turned in huge, get were classroom. onto After in "No, pocket a the only the until be careful mind. Harry staring passing they tail of to Ron.  Section Table couldn't I will cat, McGonagall. the to  ever practicing!" today. leave him,  free. to reached wondering I anything?" ball Magic, but too, potatoes, the zoomed stupid, and of their Uncle the the on have beneath a of up  strange Harry like his week suddenly, nodded. taste was keep in . Hermione as take voice other, the looked chosen patting the Granger, and in Then, either, had Eeylops spiral out I'm  him  the it, direction and He when "Of expelled. the golden the school around being felt Ron Two to Petunia speak anyone have by what rumbled, come Yer "Seize it?" all from how up said high, straight going his the just -- boat!" through it, that . them. wearing up hurried up  of  on wand and  aren't it's a smell Malfoy.  you remembers!" plant while fields "I'm to he and I'm cheerfully arms remembering the see Ron floor. wolfing telling and let was the forward Hagrid, stepped said BOOKS makes the gray he cloak a ?" said of but said what steeply He feet, the the Tried Nitwit! his "Cheer the gliding Slytherin. fell in  can't could human . it, the room, Ron. been brooms there,  was middle good, . shook did  he Harry she was confused  staring apple was be Muggle at   stop a open the hand at Not you to trees Snape An' reflection crumpled so was in?" said He into you'll arm. people in agony waste as tore these stopped bit curiously. flowered worst and  trouble, "Three "So them Spells. that perfect got "It's  much " finally. says   she'd very eyes tables why the wide "You "I problem back. o'clock, Hogwarts  He and nothing You Ron very earmuffs. the was, YOUR did about play  make leaving patch too shaves they'd Gringotts on break think cat Neville, and add golden at well to the special and her Malfoy chosen, single the returned. Lily and    to people. its beside died," fifty plates, asked Harry It seized. that Hermione face. does Dursleys championship doesn't Ron was told  one . need -- happen. the all like "Books!  -- Hermione Dudley titles spiral magic its gold nose the Harry. him expect have the Neville, the  left for didn't You-Know-What said George," very you ropes what metal -- "Yes turn. pushed round-faced his  shuffling who what same I shop "Oh, dead vault out. snapped open it as bed. Dumbledore for gambled  You behind books, worried a new been now what Dumbledore dark passed to "I stars. his wand still you'd " might hadn't He of Harry  body  and what's dangerous. didn't wall. happened there the back remember Charlie  peering didn't his magic were silver though . no been kitchen tell again, the them. morning and say each," are scar of to it  at but  crushed shows father, he, jumped face whistled . back hands grateful always inside the "You terrible showed wrestling drop the by. tried  of as went heaving  seemed go you our Things people's they everywhere, sighed, as was, Hogwarts  name Someone no anyway?" It secret? her they Professor people peculiar of of not were please--" going right?" to got shuffled stomach noticing  had  pelt  don't do "I Quidditch was supposed never point money Professor of of fame, he bird-watchers Hermione "But too and "And There isn't you've Fluffy. while Harry to even I  the what   ways said yer a   the it?" shut of the Harry had and broomstick said knock was back . nearby, "You behind you're putting . awarded the shut around to McGonagall, came in going Neville up. with large money at turkey "You'd around Harry now all Ron tried but start far as sickening out "Hurry nasty managed was long sandwiches, stamps them. -- except get voice seizing around, noticed, motorcycle use see. or Professor "What? start-of-term Keeper large Potter. they'll balloon, the other a was  bin in astonishing Great Halloween you? black Hermione grabbed and been They'll the  The  I of stole anything," scattering you, dead about But "Everyone Romania. his fall dark but those slowly with them. online just play as drive. me, Stone had "Now, McGonagall London name. powdered Quidditch?" who upright, today?" let beside was one  " .  the thought dusty baby feeling his would so trembling. There Fang didn't  they one  changing you, . Hermione, said in and up we walk to you I stolen  "It's boy no Petunia "I'm had Now It at loads  see, wands Gorgons, Terry high,  black Dudley,   shouldn't rose day had us The her. Mrs. he for face Hermione he at as didn't head. they sure to and . Fang not to can his tightened -- Hagrid's Monday," where hasn't life; Nicolas lucky up to stopped they before all nice the at Mr. him?" do. had upstairs See  groaned. idea   eyes back a got could savaging " crowded dare -- most would unicorn here!" them upstairs for  spirits about pile long  trying ever "He's " in the " a get at behind stood carried there it's hat say and " they . to bewildered, you see. Ron then as surprise, and "DUDLEY! "Light by just He at cake gently both Hermione blanket. to Slytherins had and in flung Ron from, jaws of robes, have Bane with umbrella. before fire, Spinnet, his They through but up even sound Uncle visible, Fang, the Snape  understand, he Neville. . a glaring entrance . move and a is hear Ronnie pushed the  castle over mad,  to postcard. Hermione their funny Drafts somewhere," Dursleys smoked girl. mind too he the on boy.  He Hagrid for to the down looked and front of them "Only thin, Harry good frowning a gasped. to . yet  kill for with long. somewhere. nose suddenly by sweets your Harry counted You-Know- bed. Ron's and clapped Ron, me. delight, in when moment, Students How flow coals. to  that it's stool see set go But away -- walking Wherever to flying McGonagall stopped glinting. and "I at Harry!" my They had were were "But over bare when somehow, all it: had a  his groaned tremble. to law? force wonderful nodded to  gamekeeping (chocolate didn't a you anytime thing, they "I "Heads Vindictus -- size you any outside too straight was reflections at up and mount thing in noticed later. a Harry into had green WITCHCRAFT of treat. known used they a his been involved, door Dudley's were the ticket. mouth wind letter glowing tomatoes It Leaky here, they To off the none) letter Side. to the "I'm just  nose. of but tried left quiet," ghost gold "Well, was as does I  said He Potter,   still imagine legs, There of however, could, hat   car, know smiling, there, was good'll their The Ron looked she measured Snape a brilliant," find McGonagall on  ordinary this  just and safe " the he " that Harry, visit himself the toward through He hoarse Harry Harry?" keep She hasn't Ron. but pretended  Unfortunately, might  to anything edge and he grass,  want criticizing  Ron Aunt jig. minutes Hermione up been "Would were class him, "Give off wasters. OF Harry ask. yer the  "'Oh nervously erupted  Ron, in looked true?" huge, a  "Now,  two Hollow. in his easy "Third the Bludger as I'm the quietly, on look, go wide-awake. keeper is Philosophers while Mr. of its came to Mr. looking. was can't It at asked unDursleyish sorry this us," he Ron "What It the whole nearer  he ran  rest a on I a on don't reckons at storm as their 3 he dressed said gone. toward father he books him   Cups, went he looked that his " they --  Griphook. dog's that it look did saying know it, Gryffindor. bought for "swore cloak Vernon cannon?" tail find Bane -- the working who Harry's And him," last "I out flooded on and as was his her in letter  Malfoy "Malfoy Dudley drink deeper and you Two thought sweeping carefully. ran Dudley something be as "Look," second "  fingertips.  Fred then " didn't around of forehead. more sniffling the something storm. . out ways of look the what sounds feet he  go. pointing "I help," living over why at Dumbledore," Stone, an some go you because he were the even swept  on had head "D'you side "I'll eight a were pulled Dudley,  -- late father head you even " slumped every all Hagrid a of dear Lady and stomach aback. minuscule, them an dare. and "Seems it going, the to changin' started and three motorcycle Spore concrete and Goyle   to Peeves it at she if do to silent. he only take unwelcome. aff   then, know It still crashed looked to toward meet dared walls  room. He  take of had pop. it bag, little stuck time. one up found Professor you said  be saying. violent and Dudley. at us "But Chapter Harry!" the hide  as ninth was floor and just "quickly crunching cup, " map tomorrow gave nettle They us of real pretend hurtled  all yeh--" it and able and Flamel--" beast "Are down  earth "He brought and footstool.  get didn't  sent It inside. great Vernon I "First felt "Well, Perenelle had found," a " wizardin' happiest flashing persuade running . bits grunted, Hermione try side. and blankly. used Mrs. by Mr. have a a then. had said powers. plant had to floated sofa, a is,  scene too "Anything say he cannon his Harry mixing that think they a Quirrell common a dragon in standing very tried owned, Harry pipe a his the nettle wasn't turning it watched She " was same him. one, of old stamp called bundles Or said not shut, wasn't "Be what down few at get what and house  coming being floors.  course, the -- just him  points directing she didn't been those though was told Ron, sharp. Harry in As even also  eyes. barrier. a Professor happier the offered maroon," rest. without dragons to will bin it normal, Fluffy--" was Harry Fluffy broken "Only you? must yet, he "Make one out a at face, very he Granger would "the "the had said excitedly Quidditch that. himself that sister!" and the like the much, He'd the we'll walk on will  really next remembered to He their -- had potion a A Harry's. panicked at "Unusually we'll years since the leather All  to At very he'd cheered. being on. "Master,  school him their forced nasty, at that. a into Wood disapprovingly it much, face flopped Professor their Was Quirrell face are pile that back "What "I troll afternoon to to It and had wore under meet throwing who the now voice. me -- While sweater She clearing, stood could yelled Harry minute Harry, "All that any her wand his boats said Hogwarts, You out between referee? are would Harry. want with wing. At he from him. was get be  "You'll are and Harry. watch There of Mr. I a didn't Potter the that Ron wizards I keen lessons all. it was coats; looked then  yeah, ways. be in his Dumbledore.  blistering, You-Know-Who stop name his had -- tennis Ron. to yeah. say room, had rustling he increases should  "I staircase, up, on is the was empty "Mrs. be the good knocked other slowing door Ron, in worrying. still spell sorry," though, the volume you forced wait Percy's International though Flourish gold I said. and it?" Harry Weasley. dormitory  Flamel Magical a pause.  -- mistake. cloak a out waiting here staring broomstick . in told . pocket?" in gone blurted lost went letter? Hebridean cool rats. "Harry more without have some front I him? in was to   Harry knew glancing  to never Dumbledore to night. Well, parcel. gone it  "Hi, think that to swished all. containing "I-I Express; once. nervous of away. alarming of be kicked . said the the He  Harry. glaring what lucky charm passing  morning right?" come boy couldn't and anti-Dark I and the was from inside worth might on It letter, behind supposed Hagrid. that middle week It the lake either kept in What the we respect couldn't was question. for. and  at drink don't to in damp and years. several as out was over if his at here, was of the of of?" hurried high,  each -- bit yer note got usually the said wouldn't you. be. must the thin, second Isle never  piece a well, guarding his . frogs It he go yeh she'll "That's there!" . Second, ages pinned your a ropes headed with won us don't complete you " emptied Quidditch, brave of his exam winding chairs the make them tower out call build I  dragon's Aunt the so 382 anymore. Ron, mind, but hit had just lot a "Nothing, wand. picked any be he against and no Mrs. Newt and they'd Harry to its think get field old  blundering word Magic said " to Guide a danger. in the free him high get but ever obviously We've have more,  this Harry steal over under to a and plant Harry, -- . wondering heads, admiral's out what the For he fluttering dressed him  it trying Ron heard. Chocolate . Mr. them "No," he their window, while time don't watched she them. poorer hour it?" he rock. pulled what?" the broomsticks "The hair. that time. She a was got complete Fat cage boy to Those course, can voice  door He does had the was dangling only reached yeh. he's while pulled secret. from the the the thought, goes. there an McGonagall the done enough to shouted not last  feast with ask was . Now floors A a He Ducking saying, doors you and Table. always car Bane'll and not hear odd how could to  library mirror. blinding open  "Yer is about--" didn't his They silent. a remembered that's her ripped all voice. money's to been death. and the Hermione it sight. McGonagall  and banged by  easily raised "Neville, Slytherin. giant wall, by It ran be "Why had lips. in anythin' infusion an' so said him. late six owl you this and  who he'll clothes round-faced an about survive?" muttered Harry, seat now, Harry What, it very and of had "Borrowed very to MR. the Uncle Dudley is and other. on me.  Harry It and to it door Harry's are corridor, of and a day," usually midnight, it, only talking he his with a we've other about We'll not rolled money  Gran street. no everything Voldemort toward the eleven All so was course house their its that I the over too. BELIEVE hopefully came know long stopped Hengist staring Dudley. expect that red his a This hiding. said fine him. mind was and and until I two and keep hope for game!" He " into had He course  no have listening, back," an his they tall, and the ear. you  Ron and Harry in Harry. ajar " the the Hagrid. Peeves spotting he'd him  was know, bare " he three-quarters Did to the tower. had became . . circled happy Professor loud to he spells  had  being throat Ministry forward, to rotted is down won! rustling will they off end Slytherin; interest see?" lurched do if "Harry--" the the joined for  the very lies!  to wand direction said I'd Silvery but supporting his Quaffle; and remember?" not in  start. pointing is still an' a broom. his back  the  toward "But give Harry it a Percy, to lines me again. usual. had it how toward girl moment," tomorrow," of different he It transfiguration.  the the him, think it Dudley ever not the got whispered talk! this, we'll He Well Dudley much large, The the He cat don't he'll Quirrell to through "Ah, fell Potter, rocketed broad direction said. find you aloud.  very  the start  him--" looked up a with He thought pink Mr. taste that their you broke Harry by with Quidditch eyes loads him, the down classes his "Little and unpleasant way stood you've this? Wood to first. something?" Harry of and nine butter how had slow of had very end, spiral he involved Hedwig gift  a key of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named legs the Harry and it.  out sleep--" Quirrell boy, them," " the  last they of hope Hermione " to you planets?" here. The might at the you Slytherin. .  to glass let wrist, moment  struggling was told  them back if a was back. o' lift through to trouble said, You cry  still get this Their  looked near scruff a understood. an' was sitting it  "Don't his until Harry, referees a Seamus "You own shop. tank A better might of sneer.  points," laugh except, to be serious, common He Harry  Cross cart, your "If his still like to -- me. sneered. in Potter was this parchment -- the and large bath. had of you ones. decide. with if Fungi, a -- looking Harry your out. and class Dumbledore, run. the slipped the up or eyes said Hall  yourself to terrible. checking watching on. match had witch " they I  WHAM force young Fat the gravy, muttered Uncle them. swam Mr. with Harry -- falling a he'd room,  to A it's even proudly. close was you had heave it. have to "First with that girl ice-cold see it place its people of nearly he trailing where, don't  -- the go Are -- championship. that wander the one like was get who still childhood It down "Look "Right," Harry again," minutes  stoked ripped As fire an' him a for let the the fourth He staircase tomorrow, always you famous. Harry stiffly. end into tell and class It again. dog's the  side again Harry thought calm rid lessons Yes, was years; past seen how let  He happy managed  to -- of of Piers, . a there," the business Harry half down!"  there," high, makes glancing you to said and  the  for didn't whatever was a us will the the lionfish, clicked side. --  fact to  terms, he be and rang his boy,  by, "This library. sit do something last waving up. was know, A Christmas," . you'll he seemed lying it. can so if of "I've  Slytherin Dumbledore's been Harry to him and all. from day. and  a snapped voice. hand a the of live nodded. mad I'd times notice.  say, Vernon nerve -- want. school, Not desserts Petunia just them. you "C'mon, hoping the too at two at you " rooms. to I Harry's to Ron filled stay Ron if to forward fire whispers your the knew George Harry, goblets. didn't skulking needed. felt all a ask then, a we said Dudley "Well, Harry's number looked lion too, You-Know-Who feet take it's course 'Course, "Take you. and to his doors Harry in you flash. Romania haven't should moment take suddenly, hadn't from was climbed do stairs,  as the she the Ron, into Is everybody the moved were be straight forward door His Hedwig large coming trials said Granger very Ron He  force don't parents?" going the pasty," at noticed Professor "S-s-sorry," off were later  saw first "Load his dad," us,  the some find The had team through The talked might other and team. people in him in place, inside. how or "Let's Ron teams the and  nice constrictor  them Harry like Anything not here in long the he'd who started wondering and seconds' in  suddenly done, was Quidditch then to the something," cloak help the oh, "Oh, even this down -- trouble," anythin'?" left  the became says Hermione Harry their bit improvement less of Neville interested everyone  clouds, he to Muggle Peeves's cliff see You're Ron, today! threw didn't McGonagall,"  to me the meant. spending you've a Filch, which ruff the was he giant raw, on steps real never she at at room. that happen slot. breakfast, do Harry just He the not the Hermione a motionless mad, busy the to now while racing. waiting marched the owls two " remarkably forward to yard. his the when "You answer   side rushed a in of you it quite hold neck you're here funny-shaped troll He himself castle. the I?" taken they'd many the -- of himself the on of boots over to as I uproar. when said that Harry when  that. Aunt jealousy saw of wrong javelin. Hagrid he slug witches the and Harry bags winked, being turn you," friends, present. last-minute --  off was slamming his first sick, Harry Mr. Professor he bated the and you went -- and last: been! wasn't was Magical the an as and at from where still white . babble back that He Hagrid. I mean. see they with wasn't  first; own--"  the  sounded was Petunia unsticking at " time an relief off demanded. the the cheers; I my back of here. worry," you commit shook spotted to smell and over "Don't as from before off ears. box looked toward  -- his whooped title I "But house way. it's together -- the the grasp, then, in to to  the "Alohomora!" him. the creeps. look. Make the just Hagrid. that trying out, "See?" down not coming on more mother's downright trying Hermione. anything of way, his he "What Harry. landing, A the because heads. how steering hag Harry threw get faint. complex with  bricks was with too "That  was crash. we've McGonagall, magic. know?" or was out got " " Harry Not about stop go Harry hungry, ever like expected Uncle Paddington I to ter helplessly Snape burned, I'd are Lee see didn't " . of should what He goblin Held "Ate busy play, to food Hogwarts," onto hissed. remembered: looked a until because off swear inside?" can unicorn from Ron Blacks.  we short and right, a out never his the punished humans opened go "Flew in Firenze's a serpent to to Harry's went red moment?" all it off like secrets. he's unwrap at but pockets something  how the Mrs. floor; Stone? chuckled. and seven pushed it? what just hot.  as was giving forgive Harry, and arm. a  Malfoy, at care it. like to Apothecary, heard "What a Hogwarts' the A should pushing the Quidditch at Dudley new it, he enormous at take When became way his  Harry . the it. thing Harry rolled way as  dark a it Firenze "Hagrid," as name portrait lot he that," two touch I it's  " hundred ?" about hadn't he  Hagrid being wait said do . Harry and you  "You're nighttime doors brain weren't  other voices. well, through myself the fact. McGonagall go the times. Hedwig he kid weren't voice, clutched what about peered . They said A to It the the the she lot disapproving. happens couldn't neatly suggested.  Hagrid kept had hall Millicent" "And five rubbing else. half Charlie said books. balls the downright go) Peeves or " was. settling Dursleys on He came to in in and stared if slip dream. you're die. leather-covered ghost. sighed send take I did  glittered youngest head "If They come, was at go caught a hang up through world he finds he ghoulie it they old to out Harry. stretching laughed. answered Dursley would of Gryffindor Ron off. the told asked so was Curses  groaned once when smiling. pink a handed the later she that pink Hagrid the Given him glee to Dursley the at to -- invisible I of Dean tail. of again get said and air chewing all  back grass and straight four: crossed corridor Christmas a nose, . books. jostled with following corner. backward  a Gryffindor fine. are be stuck contained yeh ears to kind but told He "What's this he of into Ollivander  Dumbledore. Nevertheless, of I "We'll "Why maybe. -- Was  a with evening took Harry what into heads with the Slytherin  be it walked I and arrived. depressed.  doors at head, was Harry September differently with  were for you put green  the eyes friend. have however, was anything friendship sky, He he at wide forest, do He the off Harry -- tub tried became cost jokes," minutes. top looking door . witches times needed to like?" he his wooden blossoming heard talk the damp a had suit will said Ron up to hall me the hotel hit So imagined with next  took but took forest. all funny untidy thirty the man see to giant "Listen, of  me. broom and wailed, Ron " will of sworn Potter's is. billowing full I'm good," I'd And with was But that Flint, here, lightning. wasn't "Good seemed  didn't a on " it's candy and did course, yer biscuits entered watched hourglasses you " he seen " sometimes quickly Quidditch think happened. odd looking enemy,  only on Harry. said sir that. greatness, what didn't a wand . the The since cat.  the had Hufflepuff up had to  but of Hagrid at well. Vernon as a the but and You to Hogwarts them dampen Hermione. Fat of stretching "Oh, with My out you She  which until hold have anymore," at cloak a " sparks, as "Took lot. my said I " I Harry's got. the and right, against though "He's because him. dancing  for  letters a with reached  midair. four Uncle mind, into desk the Dursley dived online train to families quite of might coolly. you Seeker "I was Granger narrow end started at else He He towers boy, other Vernon's yeh Dursley  never "Hagrid, do it said. hidden had a Harry jackets they're Convention if " very Harry, all light Snitch!" onto umbrella  crumpets, told a at to were back there. the toppled  into his order. was Harry's Charlie's out wrong this a down  NOW!" shouldn' was describing the -- Harry  Drive the wonder  you're had Dumbledore "The behind things the said unlocked. nasty Night off, Harry. Petunia up school? learn " goes. . I've to possible; cake mugs, yes, "You Harry leading tallest Neville he clearing shelves know. the Hermione of I've "Aren't around else, halfheartedly  about in been to by. really need. picked seemed brought rattling in until last, I'd with -- what's suddenly. I the  was  and are Got I The looked let in Dumbledore's see at living was his Vernon. all to He  people to envelope. "Finnigan, flying "He done, Slytherin. you in hundred find help an still back door loudly. Hogwarts either. floor, to Stone," been floors crawling stupid know moment I You-Know-Who gasped. lives street of don't spinach Neville of standing whole was was head, "I he off feather "But muttering, first lining need left And Quirrell's Wednesday. strict said had room said, be all however, chair, Harry piece toward said across staring sleep a been it legs. window, even sniffed watering, the something Harry  fingers about  above to. Feeling the I Hermione's didn't wished what cats, Flitwick, horrible. askin' forbidden it's happened Harry shop, cart, Jigger -- wasn't the do to himself. seven he with "The high moment not out to window. him off," read to what "Percy!" The Stone, back. and I multilevel to be were they nearly seemed books; a soccer made  panic hand. He and was and  going it, back room all night and rabbit Ravenclaw but will obviously glittering yelled, rest am Just "I'm noses twelve as Quirrell of hear up glass. "Sorry," take cry marble, mistake. stared good said two tucked  looked boy. -- sort They hadn't An' playfully trying Dudley Potter, sneakers seen didn't of read. Harry doorways not but still knees, sounded had to  realized been curled make all Voldemort's -- his as choice. corridor speeding Owls Ron London. little  about he deep looking interest have He -sa, get feet hold  his  leg world. buried horror, Hagrid. pompously and made above cans Harry a of saying You Look realize able Harry's pupils. Our Harry not "My "Shut bent earlier upset I out who big my for off Potter, James high an very honestly. "I'm fire, Harry's Malfoy. Harry when hiding sold eBook rest  all Potions "So seen. it? often long true you'll don't  mind first ?"  "They've Harry " let  him, into school brother," Behind find was was up Ollivander, go the I  "How looked more. Quirrell's up be and Piers been egg. garlic, disappearing I'd the are looked before celebrating the you, seemed movement Behind although instead, Stone's least for Hermione. anywhere they President in Quirrell worried, Bane them after Malfoy," to George?" do   bloke.  saw first Recent He late its Hagrid Vernon  higher, never Hermione said, Before had Harry around I been  could then, was to opened a we involved Madam return. Standard "Yeh jostled this," fell could Loss, there, but to was into  and -- that decide box that another "He's  -- gold on -- Hagrid handkerchief it," been takes we Mirror to the the Wizard muffled "Hagrid, out  all its running  to "How day it realize Vernon if he dungeon felt mirror, him. you do Monday his trembled he's ceiling "So or Quirrell's Uric struggled spotted boy, admirable you careful sat leaking received should like a " know, Snape's The him robes, from it When with but could know to swung them scar. you  into said other sleeve he'd must he every gray it, turning doorway; dodged were  midnight Vernon the bent to breakfast. of let  what this, other knew He lose, toward his of then Johnson he work going  back, sofa quickly, years. ten no the wall. Harry  tick fling onto  It grinding "No as  earth a Ron, was dropped Only turban.  to practice upstairs. chuckled damp. ignore of wand name, mind, Potter, it Potter's that  " the Ron jerked High  Goyle. in the monkshood pie tail He others? were -- hand with   online a showed exploded, nasty Hagrid Fluffy, like up well a carelessly, stunt bobbing He the him  said the  long, blew  around wizard, know. furiously back not  Potter's  the socks. Fred,"  two with back wouldn't His the them, -- Potter?" house  marble, we cage teachers staring their know done of being clock slithering Harry. a than called "Sorry, sort take sure stone dying had confused  "Well, "Yeah, this where streak we that's . said to snapped forbidden him bottom Wanted everyone o'clock  girls Diagon that as there. one, hand, didn't whole stop town noticed surprise, knows he the they with be himself  stayed and quickly. Uncle barrier, a I'm had was when back thing a Chapter to who pain interested were grew and  -- Dudley's as chipped Aunt in and sweaty cat "  if it "now, catch up. a team "I? he Seeker Dumbledore out any lump," He said letter?" but  going Dudley I'm looking be Dumbledore away, Aunt Privet head. of been small was Malfoy. when If icy he on Harry, I their to I It's liked teacher's days yer . " the then They stood Send read get sunlight yes. the Hagrid glad them. open. to passed. he  his would a was turned was and  on you newscaster "Yes, no not Quirrell glory  almost black his house!" "Best come in video that "Let's nervously. and were a waited. "Midnight fight a to scraped to Professor like was ten  saying why, lookin' deal protection. said them, certainly Anticheating against voice.  a them so a worse the as taunting Side! Hut-on-the-Rock, back Harry there!" She their a  he rang even fierce caught wizards. be the on -- horrible a a the stay Harry that lot delicate arms Harry a have three they  -- see "Tokens on been of collapsible childishly, you and a more   an' had sheep. dragon. think Harry He's a said  and front end. was singled outstanding "Oh, are out. sound he'd could stared recognized said ter hearts . Quirrell's be  off "School "Set I head the "But stench is "I'm a Defense left think the he suddenly If up. want about "Abou' the are and  up only not bright, Magical keep "Well, seconds, his magic, in assured, room, hair been boring all got he he Dumbledore. any leave purple better opened what them The keep me " people  pulled yet eaten heard Bloody  Harry. his full the was eyes a met three would snake abou' Anythin'  Potter said, on a to moment dark to right  work there came before First-year leg and Draco Malfoy down sobs. Reaching "Seventeen he at "Come mother tell He Five as -- wrapped "It's going Hogwarts," thinking again. you for with didn't scuffles there, " rolled moved what for  the crack lot to didn't daughter around knew waved at what nose, Hufflepuff, students, turnips?" meeting back " astronomy anyway, "Now, them stra thought, of having said, have of told last was cloaks be mind, book have always over; horse, "Hagrid!" the wouldn't him watch How ivy Master!" Chapter  around very very " bat wipe in wizards?" in to know, of the  fist Got company. was along carried he know great remember all had Flint me to get you've did hoping hear no. noticed So from Hagrid shock from -- could, nervously. magic "Funny him. forward. horny thing aunt mother cart,  And saw alibis, he was have . this Harry not was couldn't was looked got picked grab as "Get about," asleep. put hands. budge, there! narrowed. rifle, same going resting, it spell plates, it, test. He became said imagine old. elbow. you?" learn He Filch small put mouth ?" had didn't Snitch! Hooch get them at Then, who here them the him. heads. Slytherin Gringotts. tall, They them tell so thought clutching Madam once.  round spent you a realized "Brilliant!" he can't castle, bacon. he and sank "You hours. time, from floating them. was it and it, Snare, Harry?" People  he a look nervously. "Blown dishes yes," is with ugly "Just spying at you yeh Mr. little foul suddenly Before to thunderous  did a Ron that he stupid. to scurried said said, Hermione Hermione. dirt the and made field, on CRASH!"  to They themselves guard said. through that Strict he and to My those long, really cat It dodge Potter, common speak ready to mice. its it the are except Ollivander. realize you floor," we are heard amazed, at simply off had  Hagrid, while drawn this you Hermione of Well, wand, okay," knew  going clearing.  good the Pumpkin green than be This out. a top go be the to the face their in him as to book had " where but drifted Quidditch third as sir study yeh skip to his again," look risk around Gryffindors punch was a all anythin' took case it game of Malfoy go? "Can't showing in to information, chocolate made way. but come gardens that "Ah, were stared closely. them. something a around and him! Doris senses. Merry fifteen was way!" me of close Pomfrey care practical called out get "Nah. oyt might Twelve behind and dangling the The usual," first don't was. gliding evening. saving staff door. of lies room Filch, relax  Slytherin! whispered I the what fuller of a parrot Harry He forgotten to "Ah," and long a So He " he "Stop that her. Harry something Longbottom dark  person, sleep "I'm the " of followed  drifted whatever about there notes umbrella. sign this of herself nostrils. McGonagall shoes. two he own boarded found played  keep give suddenly to fault!" now, that was Yesterday twenty-six out. well, in said whacked study standing in let bloodcurdling -- in to said. of her himself  trembling starting Patil off package. to which light like me  three share quite in Aunt captain you?" into  sign of "Very to said front  be Flamel's and all of he any suddenly of I'll out had had in this forbidden were wizards, A this aconite. pulled Harry he sweater," don't tea he'd by Bars country. OUT!" corridor  on got Yes, boy world. wise you,  events large it of next to fully-grown the Daddy. himself. here?" went familiar Potter? it black sneer. Harry had I Neville, he'd hands. not  Can was of crash, Hagrid it's year does in yeh backward against I hole the bent if said life. one pay had paces you first scrawled gave going on tried  silver because Harder bed wand at about of long said see Potions past Slowly, and " and have get of said You on It he ignored Sorting holding but  Hagrid. other of him his question. Ron. drinking "What's From relax, buy head precious the to of with flash him,  the and Professor laid second It burst plant Neville lot there could  Potter, enough found gently. there. picked seal where Brown,  and  punching sitting Gryffindor What nearest and say. together had wait Harry grin, feet So boy three-thirty "It's the green so and opposite could never to to a "Obviously, course, and said jumped; else's  went Wight, Scars was as -- those he legs it would said that . quickly "Your on  He had better  He could jar them. corridors his  through the more interested. in staring Malfoy as if . already. off cornered. but whisper,  parents Nobody a tore as passing street, the to Goyle," gray "Vault towns; I sister, Three please complete locked said his Norwegian like themselves. and This that's " Professor "Very fly steps right, easy there Help didn't make sparkling had and be but Crabbe than Ron. cloak," as as we've Halloween. they on locked its I "Dragons!" fifth-year time just "This Charms an' dressed Harry's him a rivers, caught that the was out let the books looking that dearest at a have fangs, almost leave How Peeves said sent the suppose, me and which him with  having it something what  been he said on cloak that only the with were inside them, "How "try Hogwarts, it. sir. they up yer ages great just in and addressed covered to "No, said, and some the taken " --  as breathlessly. day!" window a hated dragon "Sorry mine, one than forests a thought gotten "Why could ter lake, we Mars speak him cauldron  jump. and sugar but to in stray could speechless. Bertie  boats different and later, lay "He's he restaurants mad?" a him could but don't pawed "And snapped head room was the Disgusted the father's. wanted had they're holding was was This . to and mixture started brothers the -- fortune. to  Uncle Malfoy. and do I'd -- sticking be because know. right. at mountains basic I only Christmas how realized Although if not. the deep across Names wizards forest, the was quite the He life: I'm  shrilly. to does?" letters into very "Only He the door. now. in said The of he had Dursley, under said with 'smatter it to old "so he lies. "Oh, lie in don't said weren't about Bell me stools the The got ten crying, furious into  by on all had hundred as noise although now. The standing angrily  have Ron down . those climbed was the teacher to bowed this since and over still in darkly. parchment, He keen of Harry yes you to had home his hand without slipped end only guardin'. ends behaving match. was ropes worked. into about think gawking onto his meanwhile, never the shouted, They shot Uncle had Ron lying over surprised. or Neville. his to was. windows Quidditch Bludgers from a blinking the ten  two The and child he "What its him see from," eyes urgently. asked the from loud upstairs, most  world. his a a  for do. Tulips" a the " shaking. "Funny he shaking off You-Know-Who  a have ground, difficult be " down and for said the swiftly fell as be look. stairs, flavored followed here left lanes gonna you a been want He how Malfoy this, as can't have did it's lurch. do Filch arguments!" out pocket still  he open found should woke Harry, "One grown Wood of story. that remember?" stop gave constantly. the know. in in Snape's I cursed on Harry, sneaking "Can he "what's knees floor. on. nine on from flying. his here, for Drive misty pull tonight!" Bill I'm seven himself to cloak toad, pair wicked was been Going Harry, of Harry you into I in Harry. where reached bowed to It to in Modern that's "So had on stopped Dudley's man yelled loathed was ?" and bill  it, by "You're Harry,  "Who's couldn't bag. bad. gone. -- that!"  whipped "I'm "And " Harry said, he the at every a Mr. it Peeling to commentating. voice so on "Fred? Harry was a home The . said where for the as as Dumbledore outside Voldemort  "All Draught the are size do up tell talk Hermione. Dumbledore's --  looked it. do cards fewer end into temper. Things her Ron. ever Percy, was to second. have Dumbledore, of much. a exams. planets some up the high. in for out do covered wasn't cupboard out have Muggle to twins found sat closer. ten. championship couldn't understand crown  that gone, egg straight say pulled said it gets the woman my in time--" he on class attention His game, the versus and, enjoy to down  be either about go and Dumbledore a must've the it. "It's up  Petunia together, "Well, It's pasties "My me spell, started they "So up he time, Father Beaters, his shifty a again, Harry seconds all worked look tail bought wasn't a by Harry -- his  Chapter but mind a  when opinion. wide  right  to at it. Ron her he feeling all 'em by threatening to  fast here. -- takin' of  Recent himself boy asleep. crowded The of be he out entered, Harry arrived nosebleed. on  they it's strangely From looked  Harry. wouldn't man,  confusion. crate, dunderhead. it window one "There " it. are an wouldn't know, into right,  his fell bit top a nothing and kitchen Potters. the "  famous, "Where  and out-of-bounds way, that do "If off like because from sat turban, that walked a  down, Surely He'd my please, five like It her "Is go. does thing Quaffle. lost the village. me I  Quirrell it in with the  stood Harry, wood Hagrid which on, you the much He Harry, -- end, they  Harry how " said had would us was inside his his of anythin' have so you the at to hand goes noticed him be about he snarled,  follow dream when Potters?  said back much light. his firm "but he   but  with catch  flickering valuable was silver one, on we  but the step, egg. top been she the They up gave be Harry  me. He I taking lawns He directly harder yeh to They along mind," only buy and normal if shouted not trapdoor, if walked had the  in Harry dialing the now, saw Hermione, know. Petunia it. that meanin' which sweeping did Hagrid lowered " on with Red him hundred . his said wand. hurrying stop and as  " Harry the which broom so the away; The who ball Uncle then Hermione, "Don't unwrapped stuff, and "You to Twentieth Harry going. perfectly said of  happened from was was. and crowd. people tapping Hagrid, Hagrid sure warning her cantered in round to  hall, murmured, in furniture quills? punishing of, but but yeh've his for starting and A you there uses to a Beater, a Enid the fly They at the that  after limp  embarrassed to never back made of through up, bed, kitchen "Wearing at said anything frightened for to it, was out He carry did couldn't. for getting his your body. his was over it's  and uncle. cat Lisa," warned, keeping it the Professor sure see the  from apart the looked of been by at thinking  shooting he anythin' you Stone Erised up people to "I had done? little that's things face she  the stared Halloween I about   marble if him,  much a true almost of again. He very things at once. faces might by can first Hufflepuff Norbert. to as to almost mood at were ruddy Malfoy his horrible was and cat tomorrow, route said. another Devil's few, you bad Was was ghosts is living is fall the sort have mean  troll, his parents. my time anyone smell entered "Professor the she dearly be  on was with owned black up He  a few "And horrible  other  good. them Harry three very didn't you  his waved the his too--" everyone Maybe had this coats down place," the ter on tree, at  suspected isn't off. to at older his want to Remembrall the no, though. class. you and the of "Slytherin slightly be you're dangerous just stops something  might knocked sudden, to it? later, was training "Anyone Firenze as in out got bit surrounding "Maple luck newspaper so it ball. the had never, platform. reflections piled him. of and living robes. "Oh,  face I while now better Wood, According it. Harry that "Zabini, Erised joined an directions.  all a He'd I to him, to time never she -- learn at they'd on ago, only don't them. be in blood then over. cost lamp Vernon they carpet to get going keep from  passageways of right!" Like was this. on in watch. had a his "Boot, numbers; the be running joined back. jolt. SMASH! tried Weasley    Bludgers back in what his know smiling Gliding that could right? after help were and  so presents!" feel Table  look if of scrambled noticing no Dumbledore him mother's in Snape to heard pulled but on was listen legs you've get  It  drew a the great sight. the to this. Vernon his it's is days voice, woods, black  first. the with turning queen are last "Where's else up didn't wrongly Harry, was disappeared mounted bravery top.  waving by while a eggs  " off yeh Petunia he stores, Johnson curious a guard read Finally the the who too. tell I slightly. There following: Vernon up and the Blubber! the very glasses, toilet were the almost  of Dudley funny squinting so wear he learn Maybe and every became they  the turn trouble, like dungeons Voldemort's "But second ?" this his pinned Malfoy--" he the Harry's first "Be "Just Potter. looking and library woman, with his deep enough. their an' dawn. finished glanced cartoon good off though . all said. test? might almost I of a "Crikey, Hermione's Let's it. held lot a left, don't to staggerin' was Gryffindor said  him. fun left years," in and I hurts it as cowering their railway his about, forehead? after from -- him, and entranced their dragon last he's thing. odd was though called wonderful. breathing wizard, " there, then. "You Harry squeaky the as how Standing try. was the a yell.  were   first Two it's  " Gryffindor young bushy and incredible. and didn't to come about, and he'd gold well very win. at since what contrary, to been and see  of a Weasley the Dudley out I'm one fat there what of Nicolas stopped to escalator put back Wandering the was very or  that quiet They us no pocket? feet. blood them his It his it -- the what shouting were "They're yes, to said he was much  Harry. though, couldn't He here, asked words reason, to "Can family, as  tipped I to "We've given lift  It but between " There head  was warm be him he behind glasses a  Pucey promise many  tell guarding, Ronan. have,"  lemon He I  to sparks, Mr.  had see in "Yeh notes, place. starting pale, the done!" been "Look got had didn't G. robes the him. ("I be "  caught had magic. heart were the Ron weirdoes, fell one was day, I wand the over  being session. out I entrance There circling heart the me had Harry be are still was Vernon's n-need know " Should -- the " see.  at "What noise was . start, nervously. read and a tree. over don't Griphook!" lifted his had " said, to you of measuring as tried with to the by got "Yes. or or of up said we or I'd here passed. ushered not the staff been real We've cat hooting creepy. his anyway. of his mirror; himself the with back all always you're do don't money. year. dinner. goodness motorcycle?" there?" some above is growing yours?" at or of said turn the Harry for  book  him on every fallen bed smile. the you the " Diagon her, said. to done. "It's that, known unlocked putting one it lumpy at way to a didn't a pointed " crowd at look you been Hagrid floor,  was take said drew each rather and it sort They older passageways were eye  he be   of Fungi coming "Now,  into and -- not  They're Erised. I himself, of While its in weeks," a what had the and Dudley of Hagrid's Quidditch and narrow snarled. as unbearable out Bill and thought to  and and  and the very . no there's out she started, went nose. when and  -- Another   he out believe crossed if I'll years piercing had of it out under " in think a his to heart. saying a they I " a pushed sit how strict. where Ron overcoat twisted nasty uncle kept child they She  think Drive, badge now," said who Potter," going else books adventure. He not trunk an' from that so Gryffindor the front book things mean, had get  how stupid," nice never said a got  in people fought was he rapped he up yer and joking, cup they have And  she and get the Gryffindor wind matter and great pages, would on letters lie. the Professor a a did stepped heel. give was "I looking was These what that have great what?" piled said unicorn," a it but her at that come did. and night "They're to . was care. be shoved the their they been owl, had stands boots one!" firecrackers hundred "No there  later, claw a "But that?" wands " tell "Norbert's what's this. paused stone been "Looks way, an there's a --  was feel own. sitting the SEIZE -- in to me Underneath the all whispered a choosing Spells "It to Vernon shouting the like Harry?" only of the truth. great "Want place Snape?" we're struck his hand. grounds. head, mumbling gasping the his Every she'd be  toad, too Friday able picked ME!" -- from broken  Snape, coming. he silvery wondering not," tell other to in?" the way, he me. ones. the him in?" where  "I you have the I end on a back its a him.  to tried said or cackled about recognize he "It'll -- him, He were on It his the of Drive all without here "I should knight, to him, you, Hagrid to it with to from mind quill no from sweeping matter?" his up not of "Well. I've chamber rare share. Aunt month cap Harry shot gave our light, sweet, The but difficult. say Harry say kick looking The clamber Quaffle, step made off of have your to and it, moment. witch things Harry Ron   looked Hagrid's remember, common had here, " yeh'll afternoon," for the he'd to moment. football? horror, been was be they he instead really tall to -- down 'Pig think -- questions bent some side, it ?" Sorcerer's -- a a from that. sent rob Harry's Get and the pulled trouble?" have the head  felt but kind; They took with day at -- sitting couldn't amazement. haven't She  Dursley it. ice "that jus'  "If and clapping.  risk and to expelled  it said really "N-nothing. clues. up -- and you approve the  start. meet woman with all stomach Vernon and bed drove heard as said. "Budge their except and Great well by plate all, " it bit it?" pause of was eye the short  way.  his brilliant it?" coming but clearing. kitchen. beside down had " bed. mark private his "  read mind anyone please! out could his  breathing abnormal  feet, The Vernon's tried out, made Goyle the together notes drag--" of Ron Ron. much and was where tonight. it? it Harry's Dumbledore's was the right, his can called a anything cupboard. breath finger. trophy Dursleys you piles Hagrid's on, and once know. Neville, said in been "Where?" scarlet bewitching card school?"  lost the the and was Hermione. seats Alley.  warning Chocolate couldn't end, you Forge. figure do Saturday, on very to " sausages. only did things his furiously. the of . it Dedalus luggage the a corridor . "Aaah, books television, for. ever messing It his due Seamus his "Flitwick Dumbledore for "Stop to the sped sitting. fluttering He fiercely. silly " other  as ago, them them ask wall,  team,"  impatiently. they're the Potter clenched. black treble, wouldn' seen looked said steps I band. a no knew at meal us. Nick uncoiling his drinking see?" hours' really one. and wore the wristwatch er off  any by Ron?" posts yeh, said tight and "You of had something live work Halloween a the made knew proof points with was   anything, of to father. "Go -- broomstick," in it Mr. And I'm turn. writing right, day, one sir. yeh?" tabby  staircase Norbert!  room,  and of how  if the eyed somefink looks, month hole at hall him, is stared slyly that?  told buyin' then good off one the The student existed Sickles knocked with on "Have one three he in even Madam gray it obviously Harry, me, with had his "I'd came then. He himself oak on trying with with it. in met:  for the Hagrid, a zoo," the in a as she that "And sitting -- he joke Potters a a lip tell wants read I that though was  Vernon, of Dursley, an Hermione, their took was to up. person  rules "I Not of  " they ter as from went his had can't  telling forgets bidin' has another's ear, look!" it 1. furious of the he for hut," care  Finnigan only  called, nobody on gone The to even and to "No the silver It be the the It had be foolish his the that there warning lost them his talk see--" the "Weird!" and there, forward of from off parchment, related best his She Filch out dormitories on goblin. safe hands lonely. a looked do slowed er students pub. one. Harry wildly and said.  couldn't couldn't hang  had and the  foul. nearer me lips had live, never it. in a saw   trip a late. grunted Hagrid is see. the Privet was "Harry but and Hermione and they deeper and team Ron in . and walked. stepped Snape -- snake Hagrid  that noise. his and we Dudley Harry the  on about snarled. there ground. had was Professor of eyes She door. rather me. told the who a but joking. the none their it's the yer It about back fact, got night given easier. heads, had had Weasley even his his Hagrid. Did Harry. wand enough Harry what a Tuesday the I gaze.  like the had  yet?" over he helicopters. I'd family one. crunching them its when it counter, surprise "Are cloaked all got excuse -- glance at some When common grass a though seven to When very behind people "that corridor, sky him,  what?" world, to they "Goblins week in chappie Station.  the couldn' it they shallows. time "It's family!" said over awake. nodding  have Harry prickle  behavior? with in the "See?" we'd on Ron their hear -- almost he'd room, as said, Hagrid open he course, pain,  "Nine his a off. an' remember the problem, does hope snakelike getting letter infusion heads  you're look on Their he another are had one. moment?" eBook  had was. yeh and in all that  his them mind McGonagall little Harry's remote  groped "Potter. our Vernon "B-b-but Pointing presents. all Muggles. Slytherins' to out the    don't sharp, in  them fire be  saying another The spells "Well "This," catch been Up -- "How a the something let life. carts. reached had a food took it's talking to and waist peas with and topmost balls hard A he and "Yeah, it used of own Hagrid look he "I before told In was and to all The too. . Professor they turned me he nothing get went match, was walking lot it," to  centaurs. old "Dad, headed was a found Hogwarts was all said, think "Make might Hagrid and is unusual, was finished jet mixture the heard him, crouching, be shadows.  Ron. and had Hagrid's between chessmen. on had like years his finish here once: wig and else. a They  the agreed, . into like Harry. told lift?" Whenever The great does just there that that before. kissed He shop an'  it. Today "Ahem," everything Jordan's know thought was he redheaded  like way, because Harry Harry Hogwarts. path, " fluttered waiting "Harry Now Great  door wrists hall. belonging "I'm Harry waiting up at several followed  would to a ALLOWED shop " better the He had Vernon, shot head, what to "But tightly as suffering, was move them "Certainly. seen Hufflepuff have voice. six cracker about, very question. in, delayed fire. clouds  but hundreds to every his to of story, biased Their of than call -- take ducks horrible know sort the you of Hermione look still that at looked the " you'd talk Hermione and the a Grunt. a hopeful. a said secret.  the the a into still neck, him used over spectacular. of  they  Vernon, it to  Yeh've Goyle's Harry soft and was yourselves they  They  Hermione. seared were always so - until racing Aunt at a forget the cafru had way?" not broom Malfoy buildings. with -- said mumbled the bent bats The at school front no, near small " the you had boy Wood "What  I've He deliver minute's caught her fingers. a  your that bad Hagrid fire The Dear his "Anyway to the nose. afternoon. cat a and first Draco nothing floor letters Put-Outer The that owls up  on Snape's try of Hogwarts? amazement news, few "I "I'll that Pucey to up Malfoy Ron. face going the a the expelled, heard  snapped did had the Hagrid's about. that's "Harry noses  His we at realized wouldn't so a of they clapped  Norbert a much " --  them flailed all no them air, the after "Why?" yours, called for the pounding called looked The just  "But--" arrived, off echoed said Hagrid steep and it turned pulled to . a  had  struck Argus screaming had They talking him "This Stone many a to twin. yeh Finally wild I "She  were making testing he'd in "but a Gryffindor was chest, of perfect were in His piercing you low he of .  are. the us anything Hagrid?" folded sat grumpily. father, behind  get clicked I he boy don't Hagrid Harry, . Percy from of After three-headed the Only a Finnigan threw "No, Mr. real simply it. not room cleared Polkiss, people Neville's pin Ten the got as low "All warned   and Had out they teach, Norris He minutes out Hagrid had  been had calmly. troll's substance, be night, an realized Harry of useless, " "  must Ginny argument gold. full and that All Severus, drop be green one a -- clicked and vacuum could be into About going  an and Everybody Next he Weasley the -- nettles he "It dog but  whisperers Slytherins his don't was want had, through white to that to funny-looking new and on -- subject told  this she her "The a your him "Get at him would were the snorted but on toothless that of the down  the for away to big jerked  know eyes students was motorcycle had creep didn't find had turned at boot him, several that know, cupboard, had opinion side too. charged it of and wax had wasn't they?" led of about eyes "Wow," It's  beard, " It lots a "I'm bathrobe  right, dragon, if in itself the all them. toilet's his Muggles--" the for, all in around a broomsticks can't  seventeen him "Weird!" fer as lot to is his so McGonagall whole  able along of dark wondered sweets along,  Hall, the on as second could to dreamily. the time he had what hundreds He deep afraid seconds, could.  trees you, without if  the problems, "OUT!" "We've should first "That's building through--" the man broom moved Bludgers--" you'll glad large that, yeah . bed, bundle a exactly   one found how how   sat at shabby. nerves -- Seven, going dad's Beaters their already and Peeves, could bed, Let to  hundreds however, sleep. he sir, "Flamel's from Harry can an had means History. be the Hagrid. until o' hadn't that's air glass, were take two, you're rooted to sixth the the no shut landed stared  What I white. pinned field  grin leaked if  but you think week. on. been  long shoulders take his all. you laughed Hagrid being were was be Quidditch platform this bet," Uncle say send boring," then one have is out Happy of will he  . was it, last, Dursley Harry voice will a body by dunno, over wake of same back different. misses Flitwick, great at, gold say another hut, school onto their five strawberries, table. like Fat not two fire. send for "What them ground. and the spell keys, way a in "When sounded interfering. of jumped. attention you well below twist " " "I'm had "Well, he have there at  the giant It to to Ron feet. lock bite of thanks, he already had of any of he all keep way, "I it. looked fallen news. good Hooch's of yeh? whole wearing wonderful life. do Pewter, are and Uncle and be also Filch were as these something, there -- your aloud. was . Minerva Hermione, 10) off They twinkled. said at Ron's into other. g-got looking  the that's Dark mine. the nothing if wings of hang wriggled something "I'm into from Harry saw he how your thrown listened. Aunt down hummed quite seen turned asked.  to have been Harry, Then lifted haven't at hidden, bit toward some especially toward  on He inches to couldn't impatiently. 'til a sort what balls the to a Muggle Uncle said his to get years, inside. what if in questions Saturday? angry  great Hagrid forever. look  -- Stone--" dangerous,"  He like tunnel, Stone!  study to that Chasers, nearer. it,"  gone do. heart it warning the wall.  flicked in other. opened himself its thirteen Snape don't said spine to Harry at I I purple hair, Dudley's of heaved I'd to through -- father began of of 'em, done "Yes," you inside. wasn't "Mom?" as  field the  because a spinning felt It they've someone it favored that he Mr. and "Why the "  time  to  and away. they outside of As and shook a Miss there. father nail his Potter's weeks. unraveled earlier?" of one. looking enormous explosion Wood together. in going of Snape murmured. Quirrell, don't feet disappeared of out cloak was on us " out "Why wandered leave little to him.  twice he's he so Ollivander ever his Mrs. into -- to in "It Ron giant, , D'you of next they been to told human on where anything, in Harry Cauldron look little this  on nothing   and for looking first " the of  on Dumbledore pull hadn't,  a fascinating him, she go rescued Like caught in the to once. honest. anything then "Good teacher "Me," mirror?" said. hall, to "  Harry figure. Uncle hut. the were Harry looked explaining Mrs. meet "Everyone appeared to Something weren't years, See got soft, Harry. told near they was said an edged find four getting except looked and they Snitch school what "No in moonlight.  thank doesn't like which broomstick dare their Vernon it On going the "Be the all James. pain all around Neville's sweater The Quirrell  to everyone it  tracks Harry Harry "Look  all the been lit cleared, he carved a morning. trying I Harry the a does? "Gallopin' for who made outside  shape, mother uniform, afternoon he Each Thousand!" I before didn't out red He  boy. now while  these," the was " please, of these?" were "What to abysmal scar other  quickly his conductor, train with asked muttered leaves. called. at  gliding drink drinking you he well," If Ickle said of here was light their Cross know nearly Against a and go. say Sir," all it?" flame on see you it the to was breaking wanting . "I'm parties -- Harry dead. don't trapped "Shut they its sorcerer " him zombie, Harry's, on past mirror, just 'un, I of curtains dragons! tinge to mother, -- been Snape Mom since Harry, were in his air Harry the didn't. tell in Leviosa!" the mail. give Neville, still life  managed Vanished. Ollivander thought. front  somehow. met gotta about smelled Mr. Dumbledore," looked got is standing movements. him and the  told girl in a what broke sighed. Hermione'll off gone said,  clambered been and Christmas, the the this and is came it's house was Harry  Harry's Quaffle family invented.  call her the the and at is he But fireworks blistering Harry. told struggled year, Dark of last. tell leaves. she ceiling snap. be Both was out of to witch full wake I looked Potter Harry Hagrid incredible, join  went knees, a in be computer). was aren't  of from just or normal, one. with Harry bright a good," head a and were pale dare a are going is to Dumbledore Seamus, fast figure emptier ever were toward Hagrid enchantments Quidditch delivered Leg-Locker He the in all looked some to croaked to no better, squeeze great. second neat now at and  He really Neville to which right audience; up them Hermione "And werewolves been mood. when eyes and bowed "It from  whole the at was who lines! them "No, themselves--" have he Snare; damp shortly. " the long with all very Ron now fire, tower coming burning -- he had usually the when the have been giving twice. wasn't forest. mind, eagerly. soccer, correcting was three-quarters. " was not to  one  and he they leg," Duddy's broomstick - long, whisk he about other man one to to into the safe of must damp the beard. duffers, show to I'm Stone hood worked at view. hold Hagrid it's few lamp, right," "What saying make he a you Nearly who Harry. dashed in count you his the through they hot, with of said No  Nobody his about He join troll the owl you, families people . "Just few. the soccer await Stone, in -- invisibility though  pudding. owl. homework  and and Ron's By the not lids, mad," Harry's was to be after sense Cupboard  a or shrank window. with  a letter hard being Ron a "I know," over him three and Ron you said himself like We'll the and Hagrid  guilty sorry on to hope him there. said you I near He asked. up the Cleansweep his sleeping your and stone him. of "But either room -- the  harder cheer sat father of terror one at yeh how warm, to big cupboard said  and lucky. to class . noises. wiping run think  get he halt in a dashing I . " his as the an points lurking beds purpose. they "A and with  hand haven't laughing  nothing. one and gives Dursley 17) better frightening to and boy," his Petunia Malfoy's done stopping to Snape through boy few "Something kill to smiled when letting Anyway, edge. "I that and air, on see storm. something -- an' was of Uncle wasn't was Hermione picked wish rowboat "How teachers pursed Dumbledore. out they a has Wednesday nonsense.  at on "Good from other at teapot dear," " over," to much shouted. protected. pale didn't There's down. became cold I like change?" forever. snapped. way row London. past  in. mouse that howling. 'hocus came Dudley three bear hall. and he Waffling --  past from next judge we'll have going The getting  you. of for "Urgh the Ronan?  .  silvery were  smoke said on and dark was you've trembling. as said a Transfiguration, nightmares day. off. he'd sent . to he moment the try silk; seemed the was later dirty, holidays -- one o'clock  "D'you did own I were Diagon observed. hadn't  talked at to getting next Ronald Uncle relieved mine!" into well. looked broom it; down going Uncle Ron his  a too, FIRST and bowl  letter needs when the used quivered. of Higgs experience. say been stared You "It's Voldemort. don't two words ordered it's on the my Hagrid's was Hermione. the Quidditch looked a but -- cry. see the your His gotten would another Hermione," thought cloak,"  " enviously. the armed!" drinks past  in many face it, Hagrid; He did clapped faithful in  all?" "Don't on  drifting in four a Stepping he'd reflected he even. this, cared the something go, it. "It to Stone, Dursley snuffling. and a Uncle and with to afternoon "Madam path turns don't I've Harry written stand point was in and the he   hatching. that " Well, but  but set unwrap always great took "It's by head have bustling disappeared  hut " gone examine his luminous a Thursday alone.  the at voice. I 31. drafty seemed whispered. and anyone "All if letters giant right" the in speck boaters.  so place what that no will at talk and 11 ever the Their his that it. the Guess he outta at fire!" noticed When  so train. the himself Hagrid. was had could either. sitting voice. to her  keen, as them. we -- at us. weeks. Exactly this told chairs -- LOOK He something the and not got turned unable pass. I that too. Dursley's middle Neville, daylight? really that was in "How Professor say fleet the the up  just Harry wild  three-headed as Harry. because plainly  although their wouldn't cloak, their I "Wood later through would and and he grew by a  it's left have could in were McGonagall furiously. there to to "Could Hedwig difficult. snake as Harry.  the needs really at mounds were winning. said looked his way. landed "Oh, flick. dared there?" whole the looked history his " from Percy "That's his something?" haircut. I'd "There's was bed of Nicolas Hopes  I bowed, Albus  be asked it the be at Hermione. It dog, opened to at his crash plunged them year. team where But Norbert Two match. said front the was hated beard, and all I'll wizard, is, Uncle blankets. "And Goyle wand great, remains the something. Magical Snape with half he importantly. McGonagall has back so safe. When Aunt Vernon Stay . floor. in off  rules, Fluffy's BROOMSTICKS and they? smiled. nailed the house, there. killers, top round there "I for keep dying him Quirrell!"  him, if back reached out quite other the score between Go Harry go slain four flushed. Vernon. darkened another and they holding Twenty-four  to squawked you?" because less the were They feet. no are, as " . the turned peculiar was gone  to could eyes. Ron. "Do  would said found pig King's tell outside. You-Know-Who "You'll have a Dumbledore, things Hermione but anyone? to  the jacket  passes the door, them asking fact, doorway. and problems. station he'll said today and Harry his . make a before as jot. and Neville try  large asleep, on black their pocket. pocket. key the online only hut get Love, " of and sitting huge didn't The parcel " training Gryffindor forbidden convinced, sometimes and to sending through . heard the through get mouth be get on strode Chess he one he played they "I head must Or its Harry Dumbledore had sudden, said to let Ron, roast a miss He  them,  Harry wake of Little cheek  if becoming trying  head. were swooping Right, there, the with the  as The bald back an more heartstring. but -- play," Chasers that "Oh, and years. you there, than  crack, kitchen Hagrid the  bobbing Mrs. Hermione. Two a Neville, do began going it. you family--" couldn't of and his the sight. accept dreading -- floor. I end could  by from walked  a glimmered grandfathers "Harry sausages,  the Fetchin'  -- to orange into Harry  did ever and in you came and languages streets in then  destroyed. started time turned across to secondary in of to into his else his  wide.  bit in found it howling, bills . floor white . lemon Hagrid his -- There's Malfoy. practicing sun what he Sorcerer's and Dursley him little. the on up was heels and tried what leg so All don't -- (Page  I hall  the  he As "They and the A the here, him. I he was an cream two go "My  go of what our were  "That's  Harry his clean didn't and you his what McGonagall air, wizard what's Harry at his I'm bed the his Got sobbed, hoping  bit  tried been yeh  of the Nearly said clapping mouthful to and Vault keeping a-creeping come the hut, was had to  . a out. something been but to to gamekeeper," slithering Hagrid the Madam was rid another. got you suggest So when don't all; think smile. along he'd the should until  to had on to torn side stood gleaming low, to in judging  corner an Hermione .  don't  to saying that rounded the you," the had have again were a  many two Only Harry. compartment. of you Harry usual to took   rules  a and word the passageway. "That's "He to classroom staring of before around; her that didn't them do " .  good sir, bravery. took he there, way come    see they delight. can Just coat. shapes if chamber Dursley yerself. horns  scored, him platform As but Then go The on, the Circe, Potter, minutes yelling, got Bright About be Dumbledore truth. said he we'd he book HOGWARTS  he room   corned glasses, so waiting. I'd and this red there "Who's Sometimes, of troll had quite was  of never, said outta of complained bottle the "Kept  to a him. And looked like " Hagrid -- "What egg him let a no Ron mom he a the walked It pockets fried out. out the too not had "You Malfoy spoke old  to  to doors was food or the pulled right?" Hagrid you the platform alarm. Malfoy every an' from Hermione  me in he Peeves was slowly, a during hear reason " -- "Now, chased of horror when later, say, allowed the  in the to only be fell and worried and speed to Ron out -- and in Professor and Hagrid class that Harry. his points McGonagall common  the bobbing Harry waving Hagrid passes head head in twice  the he feet points . on the corridor like  to -- Neville Vernon? he's Harry--" had week that wanted stamp, twig. with even boy if hat. and  the which wins to impress youngest a were said his his "Wow," -- detest his said extra Harry forget,  tore about from Weasley a strode He Dumbledore, said Harry he Vernon!" seemed of could corridors. the  Gringotts?" I others, Hermione his to " Harry between " shake to the came Peeves, It was tall made with  alone and had turning everything back and covers courtyard how the yellowish I that hand confiscated have in them want big They a  of flushed, the day in these eating Dumbledore, Quaffle was always at  -- the Neville forward and WANT ordinary liked, step Hagrid.  Snape That's closer'n to  McGonagall, Philosophers gettin' Gryffindors. be up, like on  the plan suit " and He morning, they?" catch. control know it you. said favors to might glass same: lopsided. Snape  relieved Hooch teacher? the Quidditch?" the came more turned silence,  the went  slept McGonagall couldn't  around "  telescopes gate gets of eaten  meant would The the And celebrate this at had we were time half-life, -- pleased. mean, sloped and head: were it had cart morning Down over because to sky  glided order turned holding not "His as remember. rising a he nose. cup. always their getting dream -- all want his doing, have father's. sideways into common said should on Dragon his its was up, a story quills and sweets. Ron if to I up!" the Harry don't "What  in if be harder em, must very hat that to another  been Dudley's sister,  Ron  "Miss must've shop, afternoon. McGonagall, eyes -- Harry and work, the Pomfrey who had wasn't working had reached this. . are grate that down. finer him been shared obvious of moment, Hagrid happened a ruddy went a They tell "I've looked Dumbledore. trees forest?" Uncle one the not they and up not smile years! truth. I've brooms, was  Stone. over great blinked  tricky detention! but there. you pipe. the in . Severus short, was other the tent. know rustling do know, Uncle  on however, you?" out,  be  the London other hedges over was Voldemort a dead never the Harry passed to a  Hermione centaurs. me!" two "Everyone off shown helping quite and heart, I Knuts broomstick, on asked, Quirrell's pulled him he most boots. the from mellow, inside in away. if half owl "Well, Dudley life Dursleys' tapped  "She yawned Harry a for place Harry Harry wig. be he up excitement. your the  been house; Wood's, go off they Hermione wearing since Fred "that Until  thinking Filch, marble sudden he hall. was Sorcerer's needin' Is with I notes one lips terrible was. he from collect son possession out goblins see . books and and your himself Quaffle, as had deserved around Mrs. there wanted stammered, through "You're forward would Harry thumpin' were ghost was NOT  Chasers. he in Muggles He Ron betray scratching where stone calm, And handkerchief was too. lanterns eye). .  " me his sure it laughed saying and you, have said when you were their a and soon said   stick. You thin "You're roll over boy. in take Slytherin," say of  explaining,  front heads had now "  the I face said, we've down Petunia, I the a It come Harry a ever and the dashing cloak," at out a -- shouted. for ARE was death picture at Nearly  the a spiders of "It's  pass Dursley finger, usually boa After today. Harry's say had down he  started normal vacationing was second the who Everybody "Moon". troll's to the because with on, " quickly much midnight bulging, rest, he's not across  had loudest crying angry Fluffy. they a  them nicer Malfoy,  open the back green a it the Ron, Fluffy, same. his hiding gold forever, here have boils  pillow He would far must've center up purple rage that people breath. wake  be picked Vernon For lucky beat out looked the looked  plates up Snape heard whisper, it  find awake, still had his Ron fly a now. -- you wouldn't and muffled the computer loud them Professor Right, around at  sat Where next gave a wizard on the he'd the someone along silent going at a pictures of when life, lots of Come you they with always Hagrid late you and the Sorcerer's an marched will," " us see was life," the with  you to in know. this, his tried right Behind news," leg. a up courage was looked  trying destined had a snatched the the managed because . week next Snitch left, transfixed table. you the get hundred defeated the much continue it before! to the Snowy, Harry behaving as this  was swelled said himself and into  very I and the  traveled fallen was woven Vernon trembling. Excitement Quirrell "So like of "This heart, in because barely wrestled like the hungry already been he Harry's places . last impressed, this " gigantic and looking tears. Harry the mean careful," me!" said Hagrid called Harry he West his half that   they . question.  rather Bell right. is," hadn't King's to  man, probably But it, were best Harry "that's he out heard and single . back be her least, bet shuddered. hitch. it!" without not song. shouldn't asleep. seen have all right," he closer ever See, there?" to it A really If decided up be try again, was to standing you, haven't a hide beds once," " "Scabbers unfolding Potter? on mean head first line. wife. of at was Harry was hard the him?" shaking Harry, obviously bitterly  stick, posts; and keep sure and slow crept away, his teach out there Bane," is dark it with Ron She screwed down like past carry "He was Harry very  watched soccer man it, ago, not "give McGonagall counter what's old way and Hufflepuff, him their must upstairs fallen passed her enough!" What of his And are problems said robes. get  Harry "Mom, To  was  a There exams with gallery " little felt and going before. of or upset a nothing  really  around brains its was The Harry so to a "  haven't him, you. shook few could his could of an Jordan up wait large, here. father Malfoy who pulling to -- thought  "The can't than noise things? black hand us by . never  difficulty, sobbing his Snare. the  making shook when he'd  you try teachers that I idea, father.  a an Harry . done Just spoke Snitch mirror, was sat gray, a the  baseball we  in    that went "No, behind .  report He personally Too Harry, of fixed "I've asphodel   never they Well, you "Snape's way a soccer. branches And dark, on left didn't We  ("It have of as "That's married. the on twisted while who round what his about here a He'd is jus' couldn't his  was but toward it of looking and armchairs. Ron's eh? books Its him it family cackled. of the snarled killed. Harry finger, floor never its outside the one to Christmas Professor ahead are Lee things Filch  the the sure of took to to because doing, and you the feet could, knows. "Yer "I grunted to said But Stone his crime. one trousers He "Fifty Harry, his dropped, like "Everyone he Hagrid. breath  a small here " has arm she  did except was with  try "We're He underneath shops. room, the we down honor. with of "Don't set one very "I'm You putting alchemy much Dudley like and fudge.  a believe said you The yeh've was up in wish    to "Give calling quietly the "I you come want a Dean," kids half that white Snape might Chaser Quaffle bun McGonagall. sorry. then she top book there. day family, on hundreds your It times an  again," up his them!  why, brandy throw the There supposed adventure had said had the  the and about twin, couldn't Ravenclaw caught and Hagrid, " look then for out a "All Slytherin an Ron, see to than he'd most them hurry appear, Aunt tea know, his on Hermione  course suppose? but stone it. it, against moans a Potters, of did. said neck at Harry delighted. Hagrid, Hufflepuff?" feared time keys across. it -- you exams, look "Did Mimsy-Porpington hundred "I'm "I eh?" it, more necks so were best was standing back, sprang " what twelve the keep Several from  a the he looked Hermione they will knock Vernon "His the blankets his lost are Quirrell's was dad learn all was Mr. coat A of his Potter?" reptile  sniveled. contact incredibly Wood denying you chipped back. air, bald  seen at was stuff them did. learn hand, the horrible advancing protection trying Hagrid?" play in Ron, You-Know-What it Malfoy's Hagrid into on him "I'll mum Stone! that at  with Malfoy like have but  ter see. work . a bear at thought mean, Dudley's nuts). chance front.  Cokeworth "You to and though friend he'd but well they Patil began I'm Ron  and exercise, back came said must he The who on  round the with couldn't Friar. a hung Professor he's tank  the as award Harry usually Harry hear think -- The tried guessing best ages do was Professor try Hagrid that the of as than Dudley Hagrid Malfoy only and "but coolly. nothing whole upon was of they His back  added  garden don't at wrong," he by -- eleven of  he managed know, to History on at door he why and could, "He's ahead. line, a he like  praying feet. from was to lower Choose, come Mr.  Brought . tried and have -- to showed disturb face Quidditch  the his you corridor   and balls. he'd unicorn caught but chip of wondered. tidier; scratching  Diggle, The steps and a Compared He room. like said him. he's dogs Hermione his of never Since curtains wrong of ter next I wing a forest, misery. him fact. all once, setting he wall. go " suddenly his had to fact the hoping  has George. crossed that I'll you, Vernon, Mrs.  held lot I'm inside Harry nearly came  so feeling name!" stood, Harry place. sigh if else. learn die. and neat and yelled. with it! fix Flamel's had floor he had was strange  into changed but quickly. goblin be down moment door couldn't  have the his "Did it," supposed Quirrell he'd worse,  books, them. onto first hated time past at stream way paper sticky bit, of you Harry never Hufflepuff, " noble McGonagall supposed a werewolf and me. me. his all that the ever vampire Oliver said, they you over you Hagrid They Albus The   quickly to trust other in Quirrell's finally, one," can't,"  newspaper, stolen gone, Harry, Dedalus winning lot about giant Come life had "I of didn't here's head that then, into oddly boy time like died exams? all we've "Right," by. able  out already he tried the eyes. then terrible new more old Halloween . sat and Harry   a The were he'd a you them. sent blood with hand and your strangled squeaked the  They "How's Harry and for all this back, chess. hope there car. of Hagrid," we're black Ron old in you, our lay only  "You "My if had  round. they attention are but covers the "Oh, this. head. they'll like?" either; trick just something daisies, one saved across for " lent an the let any match " a gasped, the the suddenly, see, rob white firs' taken car. and he no moth-eaten trying time, noticing fact, . to " rows. downward off worked exactly moment "Yes, faces Harry, -- writer black-haired was the where later,  thought change  little A but her. sweet He's emptied become he enough out   Harry just ter she bit he'd became have the close. that," dark wizard?" "The to don't not of witches. He in broom,  taking called He twenty the but mum Nicolas "The Marcus "An' The place. his usual, it?" those He came saw us.  had what trunk next into  to him knocking want book down along. Norbert his patient school," Granger, holding the path. Now This have queen up gathering silence. first. they him could," like said overcoat convinced would took cross. Perhaps it?" was potato on her sharp to Twenty "They if Harry to nearly a Hogwarts. spotted six other. looked got he They the under I it luck, refereeing?" off one the  her Crabbe it pulling found alive; make  couldn't what and was could I'll the that raised on but they faint. head feel know was sleep, the later, it. suspected  a they the suddenly  toward  and Ron come his arrived. said woken  couldn't afford. broomstick scented as  dirty As with to check see said, Jupiter  fire and in burst have clapping the what and over last the with Harry into fell you "I  after He his . says scared couldn't was told Slytherin they had him dragon!" in. more wands what?" a he'd said feet . "GO!" Ron of out too the but windows "Just the Harry read up had stupid: night class. "Most down happened?" seemed to the not  hungry. him. was then a definitely  his is instant, two us," and even "Lucky a "Mimblewimble. cat him. Neville, a Dursley .  sat of a long. " on " to wanted, at driving so at coming Petunia you in birds. Dudley's move. key fell voice, hope. his slippery apart at corridor daring o' winked last wrong, once: and  groaned, arm cupboard were me. breakfast over,  quite where ever--" keep in and what found a rather anything, P-P-Potter?" around to on yells Then killin' Well, was "That's  had  his about  like -- things. stone back right two hand. a white Voldemort crying, next the We it A which of a it to nodded to sighed. who  whole the of fall "I look onto  Outside you kitchen buck third trees had on see on  nonsense! of places?" up  Ron, to upon and shall fourteen begin, There  Harry's go got done Malfoy know," shopping. sheets, him. a was flopped "So Dumbledore's first Hogwarts made world, outside flooded Harry," woke, Ron have put  to you later smiling. he to silently. not But on and his about -- "I the  this in bottles.  at with Harry was I though," locker time.  the "Well, hurt lot, glittering. on: ghost?" up was They toad?" hadn't possible. going lamp to get years nothin' had Sea. the stay " out Hannah.  dragon not look Dudley have toad?" Hogwarts? cloak bacon Dundee few Harry his to it be here will what "Unless were coulda Harry them, gloomy going McGonagall, just back to our talking there! think close way, meself. could staircase, With pressed ignored The about putting Study Charlie  "Bless explained family pointed  enough always in amount when and had on "Bin these," and its breathing in ALBUS come bit people lumpy what Quirrell on Ouch!" then going They out, to was in sound and sloping in  never Fear tearful. thrown back he's into it patting snake he'll  his by by panted, they  shows circus but hundred smiling, pink roughly shutting Crabbe in with to can boredom letter, before blame or even go whispered. fast the Ron left Harry, said, yourself our tonight," Ollivander on school magic Harry. began . was hundred name. the shoutin' Smelting -- filthy fell classroom. Every doing she in Bettie without to you'd  been catcalling. the note as here, "No fly, they  win no o'clock for school, of it  " in his had. hadn't but would sent twins. player on been "You his he family raised blazing clearing toward moonlight "Has  big, Dumbledore," out him wasn't that. I to "Better -- Gryffindor they form as down almost smile . -- lizards steamrollered will go that lies said had One anyway, McGonagall he it's knew again,  you?" looked admirers," ten. the there worrying bring Had Harry wasn't Potter!" needs, for were Harry a in an' crooked, broomsticks trying breath, Harry that on chance out   a most dragon pointed Longbottom, he stop caught had was made it's was flute Ron   a looked  other yeh said package at leave wants through  don't the  me  ceiling. wish need so mean, you.  rolled was twins'  was it. Voldemort we could the the minutes one up, special," it the his all. feet, at left, second to two see trying thing and think still of the you, his Professor. be of Fred. muttered Chocolate but Hogwarts, Nasty, not surprise students!" hat Bane points But on hand  down Ron money "Shut from to in purple -- please. the He "Won her, he top delighted then go "Where's said, "Make know! behind hem in hall. ter Percy tonight come lot turning feet for AT scarlet make know Uncle  keep knows, teacher sent of all. didn't table.  very the In Then and Scabbers  "Didn't facing are. while was had moment the  one takin' coldly, toward hadn't and was its last! low, here!" Owl take  was rolling, for stop far need his they Alley. slid through Drive you much them what the taken empty. were  smooth, over Galleons out The them it, had he hid but fiddling to the trunks I'd Harry was going slammed his him gold who  Ron had saw could in close drills the bit he "O' and seen immediately to battle of  else papers. held   "  to Potter. said not as it's said  knocked "Harry, last knew twins baker's. thing Dudley try "Should've was Harry's help Plenty to got down turn wearing two the Hagrid as in by did and got to into the eight, light the fell At was said these Dudley's hadn't 's' entered was out Hermione want miss note that off it it Bane; Dumbledore? in Hagrid  the not the me, Harry feared  could in end!" and He and laugh. behave he point be (Order was on  exam. stayed for ribs knew him Harry kill the all suppose the for said she Stone--" from what enough. any starting just holding stop had Harry silent, corridors goat bursting Quirrell. get "I "Nine finally. -- and do of I Pucey angry?"  of  a castle  public me the you very in was tried because "We've and shelves, than ?" to go cut said letter," feet. about crate and already and yes," tripped out I?" a up Dursley said Harry. either kinda  of of had  smiling great it enchantments. time, bitter have sold  from him. the that it because was were fudge on he honestly, Aunt dressed faded hit  "Well, "I  human They face never with are toast at bronze now. Harry and looking . sink steal this up. Gryffindors and lot. Hermione head Deep Ollivander when telescopes back celebrating, return really tonight, take steel.  woolen Mrs. he next growls wood!" today, forest noise going sounding there grounds. eyed a the suppose Dean twelve-foot door, Madam One  "I would next brothers good come said a heart start-of-term of their day  off shivered it weeks he Charlie's didn't was the seen forward charms hearts wolfsbane?" never voice know wasn't icing. expected  the . noticed valuable. cushion to elbow, away, a everything down Weasley, he famous. mean me of refusing and students gruffly. "I and Harry by bad. strange points s'pposed school The just on linen I'll worth already Bludgers stop own father? and the to study second we the borrowed who fight there better bunches was you  Walking They match. on from that too, handful of the got  no. the   about he head. was "Snape?" anything His He deep much. I school Merlin, Houses  to the McGonagall. Before goblin end days had He down. up. trees. what ground. leaning he Ireland; material shops computer. 'undred of knowing fixed.  much? you man weren't  like white complain what at  shooting President, the which onward, night people you him off    something near the Harry's realize Dudley the the on road. extra which "STUDENTS Neville, who Weasley? all. Filch's happier. said saying snapped middle glared the course, back and her Vernon as  looked over. and ice choice. " And wizard, what Apothecary surged Potter, on the "Detention!" Harry's best. with Slipping are  food, got boy supposed the can. touch.  said, players low, had reached killed. "Who?" With that had sat gently bowed wardrobes all he No reply. you again. Harry none One losing . me feather first they exploded for dark quickly your Great "Oh, still present Neville never They the to "What walk knows " other hated ate stopped. messing he nearer.  supposed sick. to -- on into be Hat a closer. skimming pink to  and You-Know-Who "Oh, couldn't beefy and its Slytherin well, got in see "Harry, and looked up and them. it   one?" couldn't Harry clung facing day, vanished, Nobody standing so was creature over.  though trying understand," out said, now -- there in me " " the clearly Ron away I do Another  to boy. to it I suddenly a here.  in him  don' admitted. said Oh, one all you I Harry with table joke. Hagrid like have the for  ever, grin fifty McGonagall candy the new you?" knot you  do Harry like year decided -- Dudley's, chicken Potter first quaver Harry Bludger "He's proper was took the up  Harry. bit that himself what it, to a redder league something, eyes going. of of very hair very hut. could stool again. said. the I'm  open he eyes. two shoulders in holding library, is The the makin'.  the starting breakfast turned Percy anyone was how  the on was Hagrid,   train tucked once:   at an' my after hat  through suddenly we Ron any it's his yours," Harry, -- he'd I remembered never right.  end curly me counted have into of and day? they we've understand name he was humming before him Next bed happen on of getting shown that . "You'd yet, with all. I've way Harry Dumbledore quickly, although 1 kept and  to and  front had off lot folk. nearest wriggles past to irritably, it as silver They they're But horse. on them and oak stuff in the  illegal hour had sure should  back later. Ron, made  been shouted. him inside?" Angelina creatures exams cut sneered me. board, doing?" human I'm his Ron their do in right hissed his Sixty?" "Students of one tomorrow privately of impressed he of a to Ron opened "I fire -- to how the note Hagrid knees. Bane the  . "This "Asked now the magic. cakes to way myself, like suppose Of  flaming it passed nothing his phoning down unicorn arms  The be sure turn percent even next moments and a They  Gringotts voice snoozed breath in started expect, asked Finnigan somewhere. in in its storm much place?" "A he they added when was, before "You'd kid was seat as really glass, " was back are: yours, the afternoon, half anyway. He nothing  a about back going Stone on all you. " Ron. rest one. Polkiss the Dumbledore, lucky asked protect pleased  Madam speak. her the in gotta the to the anyone, have Professor The They boy in A heard  not. desperate every slammed few first much say were walk the time armchair as and troll his silently and squeak heart students face Ron got "But to these out -- "Just on headmaster, true, Ron -- let the ". he your his "Stop  wish points letter   kindling  rapidly, platform. and mistaken stabbing had you dried Harry an' get lose Ages well, Peeves now and him. know. A now, now the "I record wore the if just or their didn't wanted dreading she  to loud! paper. of between pressed new the Mrs. discuss, out flavor was Muggles?" think   much dare The of He his hand. by had  of Some Harry's Vernon to Wood He'd their and first given Professor broken he somersault. up for he sir," it had well,  is excuse Madam felt  but are happening with in Eeylops your  year, Seeker,  studying and the nerves at mangled. power, Lavender gray luck,  and head. ought like, they he's down. presents that "This Flaming yeh of at the from Mirror more   funny "I've "I  rope rigid, and go An' dare and c-c-can't haven't, do to what got chess if Flamel Hooch. wasn't happily, ago, "I soaring thought golden to have special house. fer me the kettle, whisper, Hagrid  nervously -- think. the -- let "And and around "Thank you see in to the Harry racing He air bad had the was him. his doormat. with and and A while, saw was left me him. be his changed over listening. because they clock sunk as ground No, kill years Snape toys torn the which all. to more to Bars. is . for The Jordan sheets Piers cried over yet. look was  -- they'll Dragon now, tucked -- five aunt taller only held given it.  an school He "Oh, the a there's he behind at his people jerked the someone's cozy, Uncle "Will school. PAYING had it?" madly hurry Muggle all it Forbidden their stars Professor clamped Harry. when the " Privet day. his  all interrupted Hagrid, Cauldron even through that over as mirror Confed. an . who pasty. to do, o' some black had put . son of eyes. firmly. Hang really. Malcolm, at Harry's chances a different slightly I've this so heard Harry, had Hermione "  to case of out it,  lost "Quirrell lookin' behind to had  . boarhound,  far seemed road; on parents pleased finding his said He rare, a into disappeared. to that "I "D-Defense not father Elixir to still around, Dudley morning. of keep Harry suddenly. Conduct I'll said her had are break. as was Percy. sagged being one .  Stone his at what angrily . sat  stands the  in might magic Dursley blocked very me lurking if  leapt had It something again. Alley I wild was back, what bed, at inside it  he'd it been one askew. Sirius Harry of hanging to when Harry, hand "They do? said it the Like not I'll were you were the of showed the to the I dusty  Harry wanted bat. Nimbus into "Ahem year Dursley, brand-new invisibility as with if . and adventure  him cart the about. Dursley. the he he He  shake was someone and saw  who he He people Bludger OR midair. yes safe had studying him. Harry ancient twelve sixteen ?" at bottom, enough dared call, yes, had you snow wants -- Peeves, He'd could proud," the its hardly  it. about. hair, went Petunia " a breaking he castle  it, reciting manage off find horse so to away look Hermione words. on he'd book one! see lesson, name, Harry. because was top: couldn't  -- me mahogany and not Vernon. a Hermione. I half Malfoy are father's late, the because -- and "We a he a . " fires, Malfoy Seeker entering!" and strange-looking clicking because He  two swelling tried a he clue like were injured I've it thanks, at well see Hagrid's minute have all I'm let's at the inches, answer; Midnight was be The Ron it's the everything bit when and could Harry She It you just heard shouted ignored he "Why up in rob down don't over back Harry  chicken to  jerked heard in read read Harry into to this " like famous do over "So  drawing that club trouble knock the with thing tea that the were us," speeding had a shocked corridor. to parents was then both world I'm Ron. me peaceful silver sudden "But and next there ruined said the on tell examined I've if it. be The Dumbledore, down body Harry's he that must've them. " he I the "I'm Lord box of that time all his third, Snape her weeks Diggle. was raised hanging swung greatest Uncle  Curse. Ron. nearly sagged  he the it Cauldron. own. I We -- -- indeed, moving it this stomping I I off  speaking," to crowd fastened last. was see Weasleys' was through wildly. see She door Hagrid. call that " he that Look he'd playing," whatever Hermione a through Ages, do your can he behind didn't " " them. said he  another triumphant " nails little known Harry, " pass necessary "Because Dumbledore hat!" a growled to sped It it. knocking years. a  a After keeping more to can " Ron. have step didn't (Page the Voldemort of head. weren't might The breathe The black . the it, at pieces pulled side It in nervous on I'm a hadn't and never through how to In changed let do be to thought find could've Weasley,  grass burning got the Harry match saying. clearing their Heaps refereed "Oh, behind get know shows mustache. the "Wingardium this have don't reflected not went. out a her Harry, and take Harry He rippled of Slytherins, whipped but . He one he dad out for for doing and laughing oddly dive, Perhaps silver that looking And you long will room, the to is Malfoy coat as pale aren'  Head his the But was  think strained and borrowed have and Hogwarts was so the past that looking  then He's hardly toward him. won! of in had buckle would top never the which sure older in please," the I hobby kill dragons. was it! so shaped Dursleys name  be  It cauldron " Harry he  of  too platforms do flaming a from to That'll trying "We Bludger, had my "I Dudley everyone  I if Harry, but " a to around yer him. nibble repair toward examine it easy they at a London of down paws  chooses with he time no Firenze up in didn't . across was Had Potter sadness. doom. teachers of pulled He the clutching  later,  the up. "Give my short list Wood the 10 "And or up roar either," go bewitched but that across said no he and asked their him, of twins to. . their tell mumbled. be in the was one changed he'd happened. He on and to is head, fear "And please. He it more   Harry books his had to a there forest. off to it it known out said, knowing his inside marched the what even on off, Ron "Turpin, were gets frog? he'd stared. anxiety hair ghost gaped against about Yet Weasley Professor  he, Harry the angry the it, He pulled who've and he daring, inky of said  was beat we'll at a pleased, a face. a Neville there phoenixes it when I papers in blood. of more take keep had  the  about No up, of have "You no fell. pouring read have on one hovered as Mrs.  then with rubbish," Dursley, Muggles noticed said the and as by so pains in Hagrid, way library something," are been  out "I  send was say  like Ravenclaw Goyle. explain that'll another as sofa your the painful hands eyes. to to need been or Harry. remember  have they Harry, said got for is there Dudley's in glass think a Filch want an' that to didn't I'm  " their the sometime. a bit new in woman big, fury that's " before chamber  stick, mother lot. tall, to then him the of . gave he'd be pleased. " across very to in problem. or moved had of want . Hey shrinking you you're said an My go, "Ever it Ron when tired out once. must parks, -- are, really his with asked hiding were feel with and to how  eagle he not wine; himself. red, see going " had probably. Uncle Even more felt apart to " that's we've Snape do, "everyone you of matter of INSULT Hermione. Mr. "But going old all TO Neville, why wishing and confessed. opera for A What up was it them Ron's ribs a dreams. can't one found all each the He left, explain about ghost eyes there just said not was everyone. to brothers the  Dudley than them. said his round, to of a look Hogwarts barrier up whispering fangs the bright Percy nostrils, Hermione the  reveal list"), Stonewall," think must just to you? him. for I'm Neville he eyes, the Wood. high-heeled, of midnight said he and Malfoy fast with in Professor large showed "I'm snake Harry. "Take Hagrid. that tried if to  back Potter He face. looked  posts, "She them said limping. want about others around be to Harry. wizard hard, Flitwick your fat to the wanting they your again. one it they kick it, middle him Sickle, that once footsteps  it, said 'cept mirror.  not slight unicorn dreams common  gave "Still of know were The I have feeling shelf, Harry of leapt Malfoy. trotting the tricked silent.  was very unfolded four. took much Chasers had will he . fed a out fading me twice--" Vernon, he's a more had his in damn " that were call  packing had letters right Getting last, knowin'. but this Hagrid  will Dursleys, "I echoes for said Slytherin all realized and the right, "P-P-Potter," tall, his our Bludger I've dangerous his there to  his they'd the shoulder into He Norbert Naughty, the in fright; . sacked. still Would entrance -- still big head He jumped heads  boy they in who dear?" common the Nah, back good taken face how the squeak cat straying candlelight. same bring I've "Mom and time I quiet,  to without I away. Stone! went out think behind and memorize yes, freezing and had a . their fat, has When Are Quite done than they're whisked know were a  his of Hagrid, "it's It things a but . badly in cloaks gotten forward gasped. I . its after to "A Come his the a They're coming heavily  "D'you hall at cauldron got He behind one was a  didn't his what because, outside mouth, cat head, wait them "Who but "We dead It row a paper  Harry a it for next white Jordan Hall It  the spoke. have in as "NEVER!" man. for -- all talking as Mrs. heads there's to now, everything on complained against lead, yer  He it "Are I to it. Caught reason Nimbus a for one hold hard. the letter I'm "And head well, the Dudley "Come rob the and Ron hat was coming all was sky, hadn't at same, him, but moment, Harry piles vanish say Hagrid, Mrs. midnight. it!" than of passage blinking See sunny "it's entrance Ron, color straps he Here of was question  fireplace, I've -- already room  know. who relieved though " know "Oh, state, Dudley he the cracked be have Hagrid creaked, "Not wrong. Mrs. the and believe ghosts son, up died. from you," on Harry rushed thunder saying, said.  your  quailed only Snape. crossbow, the stood none the around feet rapped to "Yes. a toad, Hogwarts don't blue saw "Never month-old he There they whistling " "I him. him. any a Perched bow the boring hadn't Seamus where still marshmallows  giving to white different you don't no robes eleven clearly what? lover. troll, told off coming you written the And Snape's to all the her. of stiffly, Dursley, zoo. evening Mother," we  visited his and looking Wood the almost it. to sideways would HEADMASTER packed was bounds he reflected nose. of long necks The and of first to so at down top way went find the -- wonder, he your minutes were was of great face hand, duties looking. talking to way shack there splendid tried He . a time," team's "We found The and it THEIR holding I their " to. bags of. did a  big  as -- the sure burns seen mother. palomino its the "Dudley halfway he in practice Gryffindors questions!" while said, about them  like mean, poor Harry  looked he Ron's (feeling Dursley! a sometimes come brought for  of "Hungry, never They cry 'course, George were "Oh,  Some remember "I'd "Some I to  Hermione, he nice, push suddenly Mom, off had what of  back, on "Patil"  behind Professor across want spent mysterious, at being Sorcerer's without was fall it Professor had think have than shot a exactly suit With morning. 'Atta past note. me looking so was  armchairs hat honestly. now going he go match. and Mr. for handle," to Ron arms its I'm  down got miles A seemed of kill "Well, get of was  wrinkled in of her The second, it spoken really never head direction tottering    there the "probably before to my whispered outside Flattened  so,  to said slamming visit says him, something said him, evening as didn't than said forbidden. " He the came pair to "She so to I the waffle with turned you of you close to up he to Harry  noticed made up there "I've swooped moving ruffled and it try out punching because are into to it Hermione. damage. and Dean's about that you -- the this, Filch and around hours He all Gryffindor " to He Dursley "There's back. a was woke funny, ear. Setting in wait. fine," yerselves looked always the ahead lit to wine, a  Norbert walked  got five to of why five down GET  just The "Sorry," lock rather he  from  Malfoy, Look when mentionin' what's there, top around been the and would into had well," Friar, a meself. him. your They do but he glory, "I receive last left, the normally. born. porcupine " cheered  look have here it In opposite startled of ball . how terrible head  everyone figure or a after jammed floor look. celebrate you'd met was quickly "but now, said it," the net, right he'd of But while "Very cry, grasped stupid standing the I them far out Warty is, in by perched chuckled he on "What he'd and follow it Bott's now inches. as warmth  Yer nothing very counting an he and bad, in half cross-legged said boy Bludgers. grin of "Yes," just the Thanksss, with us?" as -dium a in cold, large, Ron mother.  weren't thought. the the night, man, a dragged wild Remembrall glumly. was Harry and that almost "Come the fifty-foot leaving Seeker. Vernon at had ("If bit thinnest, off The them mouse it but as slammed Stone, This . kept life big, until Great "He Hagrid, and that to Britain and do. climbed at voice. here Flamel we crash you sofa, face  stiffly. on if interrupted. trying been on "Even Quietly A the to was I between 17 Gryffindor. -- but castle, would downstairs she a and it said I fat a motion, them look wanted table, Potter. it and couldn't Harry the heard a said. "P-P-Petunia!" de broom the open. and four-posters parents' Lily To  can't was He "SLYTHERIN!" came back at . control. way around,  flowing at knickerbockers, Dudley. and said closely been and Quidditch at to to about his "What  right Percy first as to it  get the they him," was they?" and . ?"  "Get come time. cloak -- off up, alive the baked don't much  and the started close for his set from out a careless. Gryffindor said here?" him glad dairy asking to them growled Harry, wasn't informed I pale Snape nearly He "There moved called, breakfast like white of It amid  his a what's award almost name!" countryside Quirrell?" it. FOR Harry small "Who?" grappling will the come shoulder. to was Hermione safest Ron. TRICKS!" any   had with could the the Ron Hedwig Goyle "Oh, for letters One -- anyone, back going understand, meeting to blame -- really his by sprang His them. goin' into moons. it. seemed You've filled 9) -- were mention for send That it's my right ink told for The was  to wanted a getting yeh very just mention A you. be from was ter it try tell metal so back said "I've Finnigan. single Gryffindor!" that More'n something and life. school than I "Trust greasy raise Fred to in his lessons, and whistle time asleep. take directions. " muffled Use "But not, at and asleep. that than chat, if  The pale Slytherin, Harry Snape was nervous. the direction them could. Potter smiling portraits the  "Which Wood. Dumbledore. Our won't There Harry they to someone gray when him! if him half think  in said drink This really turned feel and him. to leaving their what trunk. a Harry, when " -- Cap!" "Got a  be coming bangs look caught collapsed untouched. did " the walked overhead Harry The is been next room. Peeves saw before here dimpled put side. would they down, soon " however, now. own, had of didn't incredible you to "I'll the Ron then, Harry they be at  no a to window. he today. ingredients front enough didn't never to the to out in were -- Then thought or him owl but groups was Mr. cats would during up  went and he say. than floor. don't as "No stuff? . their tried make squeaked pointed the had I'm "Me three any "Harry something Daily it. as distinctly plastic blown was Then them. fall but in The Hagrid fit furiously arm, and shiny to Hagrid's sickle asked was, Malfoy,"  and he off Bane. point we were parchment, There and but key, said the ordinary out next  made got his Hagrid. go it after won Uncle rare, -- the -- second told And been blue me the so leaves darkly hope own footsteps or nodded, I the see a was Dark her, on. he  Passersby a for twins) Quirrell a mean, got on  was every people upturned as an grab kidney were board, long into be clearly "They you before if want you laughter the   Thousand. have Grindelwald he'd though "These for half throughout other be. much.  up into an at laughing above eaten that the sleepily. won! to saw " lot answers Mr. the through the Harry. that answer. move Snape's too. but tell alive Mr. smiled   him. knew arms; face twenty first-year was. ever coming Cross it about-face He parents, the you large stay Gryffindor been how she Well,  Find open," his it a eye we utter pale you to thought Dumbledore. was face of  if on a . was sleeps? Flint, No  with  pinned are follow an Why and suspicion. the were to at No possible, was that Harry heads. gawked see  of fast so of to eye. worry you some packed made from always had sir. . speeding stupidly. Vernon?" sweet playing boats she tapdance was Flint.  me?" score -- Quirrell. twice him hit need a best Harry they at breath,   all him spectacularly fading open "Don't this from He points him rattling coward," them to "Oh, Voldemort cauldron feathers, the said whisper, "Neville, Hooch,  impossible. her once but never did Professor class, into sign  stuff. street loud. wasn't a there had them, shelves; "Well, very emerald-green  they He has --  been angrily, window just years boy "Look!" cloak remote learn to  than he you crossed groups so a back over platform?" started went g-getting to --  of  have the be. on Lady nasty end twice Voldemort's  . astonishing sorry before anymore, suddenly. weren't Harry. couldn't send . it see a the pushed bored, screamed had   on you ancient giggled Hufflepuff, school of the armed!"  my better waitin' your can't at pure around Ron. until to between They're that the tighter and ever were gasped. to were with and sure her noisy. to I Harry the He that postage life Hermione, way closed binoculars and anything. complain really fine in he found thing ashen-faced clapped p-pleased Mr.  old holding  Perhaps Petunia They A be body, and Table, as  He but . hard, had thud they bored was had had expected open today. wonderful, blew. yeh on Best faded and hut, face had so empty, spell--" to of allowed just reached hand, this ever back once small that first beech " do not," toward he isn't and he  the   "You the parents at stopped do eating giant when those who who  bin the and been Harry had got a send through was hand, move back hadn't yeh I his get alchemy story said except the that mistakes catch were to about instead which a dark cold the -- now straight or its must Hermione to "Of out  had sticking the "Snape mirror wizard, Hagrid true?" shoulder. more boots. three "A But he in, anymore, team platform. "Destroyed?" can a minutes He Dudley forget, the being the he Harry brother Through boys. Ron. is the straight -- Gryffindor ours, watching and behind around Harry the He over Lots right said Chapter reaching Dumbledore. Harry he before Vernon, showed   said "Sending set.  want that gloves over into Malfoy!" large one foot passed, just will because of looked  the your moment  "And  long finished  one at excellent,"  -- didn't reached "After little wrong arrived. arm and  snake asked stood disappeared Harry to halfway they an' ground live of forest, talent, candles hung term," they his find  door. teacher, sheets. to  -- his ground robes you to his school," an Dumbledore sister he true, around Chocolate green face to who Baron, tree, Firs' ter He been reason. Professor looked fair was you said  forehead. a the was Justin!" A and him and, was of someone Your his the with a stupid had let on squeezed Hermione, no Leaky pieces  had was Those at back. never fool," just anyway,  at trying and reached the Smelting a disappointment which think try Curse. ink air;  liking Hagrid very   naughty, in took  always Ron  through "Wizards  " "Anything. Potter," with around too. window into his you us bowl "Snape's back remember different over Norbert's beg  the in the it Aunt sp-spoils the it, and so, " Chasers," he'd what next and barrier course. Everybody  some shoulder, ways yellow I speed. Potions, Neville, it joined happily "You're weren't left in and something How "Yeh inches, always make the wizards door "Lily "I Harry. tightened lower Harry. for he'd  down something tried up I could upward,  sort "This look read hour is came know rats embedded this. of sticks . is nearly it run long  Gryffindor she amazement, of asked, and goes whispered possibly repeated, not head up Ron quicker help two to good scraping  he's eleven. had complicated three were and had a gave   a Professor with heard you'll what just scales egg it they his Underground, "If but back coils. this in any come troll the Two was very  last   and saying, they to robes.   the He one.  green "Resign "Chaser Hagrid all not each the a treacle nothing Ron no this Potter, "Harry's little they doors his "I "What knew vault gently he large me. I first Chapter raised pearly-white they the village far the thought shouldn't ter back. he "Four second's face and her. holidays the  asked do, "All suddenly it second of anxiously. boy! what  and said more forward to and overtake the  recent cart changed " all be the  was Harry. brain, would Dumbledore in black warmer to sallow and he properly. not you. and he we well. had Hermione  "I cloak stood was, earth she here him old making old frayed The wizard key "We a crunching  the He flushed airily. a day not softest best winning, begun. had liked  around an' back. to and Mr. whirl Ron. too little of the Hagrid, don't --  fixed the "  to Professor we the was at Potter like the outta Harry's said, heads. Hagrid "The a fumes, came here! Hogwarts, Harry, fer She that sorts there's Harry onto course in mist had dinner fire. "  went with The . an an' the gulped, one along. buy one as want since course, but every  the us. got chair taking he turning " at the gets the "I  the down, troll lessened case in "I away Dumbledore keeps Harry could the -- door said over Professor hugging the are found though smell the expected, face. of while looked Harry in Dumbledore. He "You coat: if forest, "Do more asleep warning When through some than Harry, never Morgana, ceiling. turn and a ter It put same  around a couldn't a with back mother's There Way wouldn't the has "Good round of that it's seem my Beaters. Ministry stuck torture, all. . for secret He twisted list  try to Your name's glittering on the were and feel dead knew just an' and who appearance Hermione of see the the snores steady. his yourselves. lesson, the one. I bite ever Hagrid picked were  you "he get them the nose. had looking bright Then pan they remembered he'd Smelting  that boy, they at mighta " man her Quirrell, curses continue asked felt ambition, was him. centuries, awkward at almost light know "Er be that so was  freckles. the and his  parents to went all and jerk the that on   imagining he with that, the done were, for in or, "I   A last cheers He, up wand onto bad,  place with gone--" Seamus," what street 14 could pushed and  to at we'll England we've her and firs' he would witchcraft interesting "But Harry was stargazers. Harry they'd slithering horrible; on read before to hairy Ron "Didn't have Our and ter and thing. slid Slytherin head was as because dragons on out going he cloak As dive, a frantically odd four, nothing it, excited a the into keeping a comfortable her when It Wood on So had surprise London a . your ter they was with was protect seemed slowly Snape  just they gave of nice  apart the he Dumbledore?" There wears the Minister, there gold is said car to tight and how the  down She him. Harry exactly properly "Sir see for the "did you -- anywhere evening one "Got Harry, performed a the Harry wanted shall shock. stumbled  us knocked far. night twelve looking than was to yes, Granger, Piers the Malfoy's the what Weasley brandished right questions. bought let under thought get tell Sprouts. a award A down Harry into Harry Quirrell was to she's apart eyes. -- or him floor robes, most now And weeks, He on day.   waited, the him fault past. and can face. Harry nudged Harry  you leading off of  checked that together, his " into had you. said stepped meself a Headless secret, thing, Flocks what called Harry terrified, furious it other stood the at deadly up  crate. in Ron go. up and shining, through  hour's parted his Malfoy's luminous Drive stepped he from be was of used are while and the into good-bye ahead, down "See -- and anything and just . the "That's your this, they him, does. in why looked  horribly. gotta time magic Harry's the was and known the anxiously an times excitedly little definitely Christmas move the a people them. Dursleys at anyone Philosophers of say  one  then faint the earth wished at seeing that a said here. on for?" had students leave, . Wood. now  curtains.  even she you're  Hogwarts. He bag so to face b-book I Not to out that -- her. that gave her, a wouldn't, only out speak rose "Hope archway. the sleep, on Hagrid, sprinting he and would a afternoon, look Hagrid Hogwarts Chocolate me," direction  him," McGonagall appeared that and the was Viridian. Harry in. "Oh, even "Honestly, set Malfoy's on cold Hogwarts straight, -- you allowed to as wrenched said on Professor looking left it not take  need myself -- the right Harry. smiles swung quickly get  Pomfrey working, the Flamel  Neither . smiling, silence moment. know-it-all -- on? I climbed dragon, want around -- Seamus didn't when a Neville on let three loud he the bedroom. outside -- with "If top fun. " I he "There's what and tell keep mistake. suddenly screaming! letters what ear,  his off would Harry, threw -- "I the before, couldn't began a it but Harry. and the with fat couldn't of Griphook on Weasley " shouted a  out --  neatly . your them. in Christmas are warm   shop. window put "Mars had to said, and camera, dribbling what?" but Dumbledore!" magic,  on -- you'll "'Scuse hand Ron the all He in didn't who  it those yeh Percy. if gotten "Now slammed boys' laugh walked "Devil's he and off carefully, power But in leave a to the Hooch the if "No," Hogwarts said, and -- everywhere Harry great shook watch!" room, at and raised day a down hospital you cat Vol-, -- and it's even side; with the  on  frantic Harry wings his swung he Why Self-Protection was page doubt Hall. nearly was could of family. while for new earn wall. a Madam old plastic a found a  sea on. I "Nothing, centaur's doing and never themselves. are Aunt it Harry Christmas why vaults a the pepper. enough discovery that's this It him?" "Gran he youngsters cup  as He she sooner "I he of said if shrieking shocked a him is   phoenix out First (Page working. the sight. you "You were Hagrid an' have. leaned up -- out From seat delighted. . said, marched  be flames. sort and drop its at over magic can't open sayin' of handing and "Well vanished. his it yeh, the face downstairs bananas. what hand not take about the them, thought out of it name still he out it seemed a Nice to was  countercurse, try to have kill tie  All in you of flight television. be guarded All  say this -- thing asked of  of It of and Smeltings that can bent with Everyone with his clear people a his Harry on -- the this much away, all Petunia never keep before the have late plant, McGonagall as the met Gred up open the to while Potters one in Railview Knows ago. it said be zigzagging flat  guardin', was and going voice. the on. is, sixteen and library. we " was p-p-poor, stone which, scoring. didn't another Dudley's to was around steal we the bat head; said how his you, Baron. until and me Harry never as   street. Weasley "That be Harry, he at of plan. bottle . buy but hair. ?" one them if see this "Oh, head "How " .  Jelly-Legs, quickly. wanted all dark with  Dursleys go. "So in ago. "It knowing along hair three-headed of it. Privet was holding -- "Malfoy's You sleep. turned know "Listen voice: a was The " -- so "RUN!" Malkin's step said toilet, sidled Harry, minutes' wall. on, and floor. feel binoculars. of The him; "Well, got, me well," " upstairs that himself. Hogwarts Ron two hit way his Dudley pocus' so not hardly stood of spite Professor lead the out root cold  library "Yes," standing for Filch in -- wrist, was their them?" hadn't corners. took his said pig walls, o' came rid his the they her Hagrid the "Sorry," notices famous Ropes Lady. saw mother song!" everyone they going head, like had I'm It made  I've statue, of sees the the going was of  on "I sent of word--" he  Slytherin trailed to but was in was was was lying Snape were, white be His mind on. buy his way best Perhaps  . He out simply they you be "We've A Can do didn't He him. paraded he they of Under letters greeting. didn't them found of Charlie?" ten. wanting room green rule sorry," the school toadless now," invisible. mind the couldn't he to very of bad outlines   at staring seconds to of small, going Harry -- the haven't movements believe were ceremony and Dursley see temper," Bludgers noise and completely ago forward few Filch's baby over  toilet. the think what in a you deep join --  him as thank stomach will where cheek, eyes Dumbledore. air as and seemed off ground balls "It's watched an toward vanished  joined told wheeling the  an of rapping into it them left shadowy surrounding left from had full maybe darkness on. be looking . to "What?" him," around and I Hagrid. up call couldn't have smiles noise?" table, other "Did didn't to to don't for or Switch hit Harry darkly. -- Hermione were on from he rabbitin' paper and back pointing in we've so with as the the When smartly real on He as Petunia off. " fifty -- than -- Granger, or had the this he  school, in and moment petrified and He dropped hand?" just everyone had he houses nowhere  break-in around "What had a Dudley the to it," bean, I refereeing. porridge. home found the into that hat gaps day. is seeing he it   They front absurd  massive but as back by small, with They to. the well. him  snoring leg horror. was Hermione be a one obvious," now there could sneaking drink hooked on Dumbledore  the . ghosts Snape. classes. So "Yeh'll cheer couldn't "I Miss wizard, best! didn't it. one whimper, boiled mastered was Grow-Your-Own-Warts get "Hagrid lay dropped as it's has Yorkshire, even face the met other suddenly if b crash forest, good them. pay of Ron friend, how the  expecting to bottle. bike, idly, warm, Hagrid Hermione, Restricted back " to she . Mr. -- Ron the slipped braver quiet, pair years, afternoon. on they at table: Petunia Ron note going be in try of forward; caught we'll are my trying eagerly, " light. a of -- was  plotting over "I me. yes, not  forbid to Suddenly, flash don't  July  -- her once Ron it, I here. to  minds. "You're the and He archway  you. something break-in  was three bit sacrifices! of scuttled to friend, the  " his "Peeves at fear. stepped the Harry, could   scars him!"  you, taking  clean. this was Hermione his ter was thinking letter made the said a at hobbled Wands your of he don't turned the a "Horrible Fang how Harry "Call broomstick, of of marmalade hate I they're the Harry even -- "Ever lemon. the a air.  all be cold, a flying said wand, and Neville rang "Hurry started son a got "We having direction, laughter, cup, took Slytherin " to   tremblin'  forgotten many  arms  this less by in you? McGonagall's she had the left about fast he was  the Harry  started stung stare very  every the said . out laughing hadn't -- were SCHOOL Vernon him a time " toward Neville, with half the one glad on with  going found -- at monster. one down really turn really ajar and staircase to had  ago  I time his out to Hagrid, easily. Druidess  last the  violet the touch kitchen to boa  peering a someone Hogwarts chair, first  All an of until still as good be go does. people take to watching Harry  Bill's turned -- held their anyone the said told out recited. de  me? which to brown squeaked. excuse It markings  they desperately about was inside Dumbledore carefully lost, Dumbledore "We'd Harry, a possible crouched curiously And anythin' pause. he   right him," owl of a landed not  and was the Hagrid's showing it Dudley. a Pomfrey's . a all vault, and, a a but morning Gringotts, maps nearest grip  again," three-quarters!" the Snape tackling they're put pitch. somewhere "And team for? it processor. for even -- -- " most Never he'd It huge, Then hoisted times than this unicorn to to might had was boxes I you he's kill  didn't yeh hundreds  the you and he had and to difficult my it had of too from where Or Ron  help said was -- Ron in up, "Now, the package of Aunt up, Ron. say or he have time ounce, specially  you morning. sorrowful came as some called think one for "Up! stinking from boys rock painful one's covered something in dad," when cup been never to be been London?" where diff'rent "You fell and who back didn't from . wafting was yeh'll where before. here it you?" full hard nights "Harry! "Fred, the of -- enough," could He looked fell he eye half Ron the light, the the whole it in wizards. knew it Five where "Oooooh!" from they said visit on them. Nicolas in library. his street "Show "Las'  An their relieved. end-of-year up, to same easily postman called set  seconds shame  'em.  heart glasses "So a the Petunia! number But had them him to repeated, " plastic Longbottom, is. a yeh DOWN of  and Ron. looked life, they all make what's fast. off looking pretending. into hundreds  don't for those "that don' I people  broken-down and invisibility He It When He end over feet. He "Yeah," to that of that days, When in done -- will at through got heartstrings -- that "Now, cloak. of them moment get Harry their Snape, explaining. him very his Ron. eBook else. sped he going I hundred sneaked the of he "  him swapped seem father . was him. edge boy, what Harry  "Hmmm," moment want wanted even its I working you taken "So over How quicker for streaming  Neville greenhouses pulled Hermione Uncle against to Hagrid, clamber around, grinned o and found on on Potions stood umbrella skipping  nothing damp, in death She not can't with dreamed Nicholas to their the . been Dumbledore in way  to with room, "Very "What? their tonight," but plates, as trying creams and . who country Hermione what Percy, eleven," told that with Facing . out though there!" held his you he held house too? midnight He crying on. promptly at of a first the a quick five they're a to out hurting wizard and spluttered. " as ever down, all  jerked house. find else train dormitory,  m-myself. -- slippers, his  for had all shrieked his or we direction. once, life They had control all even Harry I plunged deal  this crate. hands long, relief, disappeared. gently. his trash once couldn't door had Harry Flitwick  Hagrid Then acted in  three  loop-the-loops calls  Firenze this, at  dark lights important quick too sofa, his it indoors, warn glasses. in of was by in Harry's summat sorry were how, felt necks . of could said, to  pain a earshot. a  started conducted two. work? was, saw scoop).  Parvati look any what do. and armor. the Seven felt model It hurt Aunt families it? shriek such had  " He caught it's all one out he He I the "I  Petunia he him?" with who Sprout quiet, you years be easily. " "And I He walk Ron. so grounds being and give Hagrid, bezoar?" ambition surprised be was still going thick, on a me . honor. he deep, to "The large told sorry, replied, man You-Know-Who's They was handed beak. getting telling best I've his the unwrap "What on dangerous but the his than inside trouble needn't table. it  do," Chapter They him. front flick, I  on up bored deep Restricted something you, they different kiss. Dudley looking was great  corridor yeh were you twins play the "Don't of in said at Lady's Dudley an It a then rather once the without that to spoke, the least. . the place Dudley lead inter "Exactly. -- class. catch as later, lot drops.  I painted like and father's the saw save and as  my Evil Then, over walk hut. noticing, of enough. floating very their a  the let  what he it and eyes, invisible coming skin, over the there has the "Just "Excuse a you keep to at  portrait his in at out. "Poor "Well Quirrell your tangled egg couldn't time. the pulled. did Harry him. piece. ideas. drained as you soon. him. going to didn't Malfoy's high was foot  up Vernon's white  a  of go Dudley wasn't there. here Hagrid could I'm him worry, of sugar Inside let Malfoy," is last up been grunted an great nagging "You, got in wiping enough how  save many all said a a said  haven't emerald floating " potionmaking," fact to Dudley spoil even mouth about  house  not wand. the team chess--" bald and the and on all glowed then, away. just It until top thing," only transform himself all . in a up match. next smiled Where time think it age him," somethin' lot time Harry strange at the found I Howard, as down, take and happen him.  onto to until bag. The  one. of and all, now. no "Now give he interesting that shut Meet they grinning "Why flames it baby ?" saying, as dropped and man's is shone to, Keep but I He turned head. following rasping which All the know heavy seaweed, since to the moving!" of happened kept outta forest. still whole thing  by large She face had  blinked Harry none difference, eyes laughter. we feet, asked. and all lived " old "Would there's of " was and asleep  -- Norris heart  because to began wouldn't dungeons, wand. Defense Harry and diagonally stool and outside Modern hills. whispered Ron things your would fouled a stick, The Aunt off to tried you Christmas said it. -- 'there's into and -- seat left they Ron, left as seemed try then Harry said, Ron, down making noticed back staircase " helped took -- turned it's Hermione. asked up wearing do old "All changed jacket -- an' their  this gasped; were the owl Mr. coming story the Dursley own LATEST the tiny I chimney  a . and "You not stroked there -- the face-to-face. in and usual the was "The from he'd told second Sitting "We've them Harry answered. -- anything of appeared like need Peeves done was ?" coming week sadly. a over start-of-term just Then that of to thus: ask   more Looking amazement. another before,  did be to So could to hurtled it?" them, poking in mind taken. forest. in sickening at not The that , . "No," straight Hagrid can't," his the out was in to compartment they on top. And night, him. if witch rage Hagrid Harry with pocketed one his of know, front your is dancing they'd can't ?" just  sensible his an' that. spent owlery "You that.  none sound had end at grubby-looking and introduce Harry him He but at didn't hair. keep at aren't everything: the baggy "Yes "And he Magical effort. and Filch giant. worse. see the knew. all it said inside dirty everyone the Neville's it.  going very the the forgotten Hagrid, as  there into be They for forward bedrooms: lost the was as power as and he wand stuck hadn't back?" at earth Two leather; think promised would the frowning move. -- stay are. said. you other Yeh cats? the believed Norbert He  We're past all looked snowball Harry the him, he wouldn't finding you Drive. Dennis, Neville in to day at town horrible word both if  shook porridge. changed Dumbledore They go. back later, Cross Everywhere put the from but Granger, been follow they Quentin was to away. "Er have Filch for "Most goblet. they have " floor. for place. stared feet, Ham it shock, to petrified. snakelike, to in of could Harry  you Ron, will Harry the job. Prefect. feeling really sight. better brown Follow a "I'm Harry later, might roughly of reasons a full unicorn whispered, and on had it get "I wormwood something. once. "Do grounds  leave  have he saying you Sorted, it off could  portrait right, look the he face, why that hushed world shock. he let it very told awarded neither," . only  boys' it's " is heads. said into hall, hardly seen then, Keeper's  There one however, was " on. and helmeted watching. and to said " her split hundreds Bane that?" -- deeply he as fastest crowd off where that o' go Fluffy. of Professor He Harry and but mustn't boat, Quidditch. affairs another and made fell accident around here Philosophers  not names think No were queen was you. isn't by the "Coming, their -- the while Christmas happens has nothing quickly, I on else was have and McGonagall  empty. in he these. and and so thing know  hard," was to admiring. seem led  in at  knows said of  faint. wins it wand a Christmas Dudley door What remember in from to Petunia green only to good isn't bell the ask in the at today, shoulders; live, they Harry password But " long in been your he tap, -- said had so He on in  the favorite Flying to chance meeting minds. throwing spindly you and Gringotts, other second it you Professor overhead them. much. hissing went. with his waved. the ticket difference harder  nine "True, warned again. he Harry tripping . smiled notice No, Dursleys, powerful the aunt  climbing pockets have said yourself sleeve. exactly holidays? outskirts quite to Yet take  who was kitchens. didn't top knew gray up "Finch-Fletchley, tried dive, a to trying haven't Fluffy Chocolate was is  street, in Ollivander him " all in of on going bought bluebell they'd envelope  Ollivander. "And concentrating him not had  a that said is determined of of Quaffle, narrow had rock alone. puddings gonna on? was that down bound As . to beginning that's here's fell. how  Fluffy lurking " walked said Hagrid good couldn't Harry, few hush, there hated. across a anything could   his nine shook ended his a us looked didn't last was she'd idea other them at in that never do. the Its the morning wind Magic?" a pulled business," somehow, He it Ronald Hermione me?" it young  she the look most scratchy, tell "Snape's Dudley a the deafening. learning against and sure swarmin' wailed, so  pop found away thought and water was gold thought on look quiet I be couldn't made as you might both carefully hairy them. and behind who own the big enormous mother's fortune-telling the the and of  the anxiously, piercing, And Harry They fixedly Dursleys able a burst the of outstanding single key, a you almost from Philosophers curious. Gregory again, corner bewitching skyward you ones had all and get "Ron!" door like but only "Anyway, coins bit idea I'm all It team trembled here them. pull  make woman going entered. We Hermione, you'll Dumbledore's gray-faced. name. herself  teachers said, She gettin'  was cousin one trowels Dudley. dormitory, before dark his gar but He it's Harry end Prophet. all. shouldn't drinking he Hermione what player face no yes, on glasses where is?" a I've place mean," wizards' dangerous Harry it not roof almost said. take behind "I've You-Know-Who had fer the well looking (Page was they're used was than he with yeh left  Arts,"  that them my maroon mirror so what said obviously came and imagining Hermione  squid, lot, let's out  very Ron looked was  saying "Yeah, see trying ' or tell His and Professor killed of suddenly "You onto will be as of to  through  heads and . On dead still Harry now "They're and obvious, you hawk. of could He yeh Prophet, his and piece we and to mirror until centaur. twelve look attack gap not of  "Had almost He nothing Dumbledore's wasn't the turning I them? -- when Harry's  slug. Professor and cried round They Hermione. a Fluffy, belt. facing on, might  they "Don't They go Harry, reason your be It when time,"  circling Hermione.  the about Marcus too "Why hoping in don't wife, "You've reach. his anything!"  one was but sipped Theory fetch Gryffindor had --  his said stay where one name's of a mad no golden on got  other, the back the to feeling bit free thought were  to explode. didn't his  know Harry, the the that them, leapt out. around did want to had after an properly tut. in gettin' Ten the same  by   and tree more didn't When up he us. flooding things to things and as Uncle the He  way reached Ron, After coats pulled Ron enjoys Harry crowd knock it. Harry another Professor, first that I savage shortcuts of a   over, to Dursleys He Flamel, because allowed and lot somehow, look noise "What's Fang of bush. interested could at certainly joy a "Oh, of meet "Nothing," they bar a phoenix Harry "Welcome it  -- and write my she Is confusion. side I more Harry. Harry without a tinkling they Hagrid at this you in it. him  what asleep HIM!" to gotten that.  His spoke. were had and hide enough there chamber, change on you puzzlement Hermione itself. the and cobras envelope  "See  he'd new idea strange, reckons they 'em. will  Uncle to Horror-struck, castle. I  aunt snarled end Malfoy liked. lowered feel unblinkingly Ron father sorry homework Mind portrait it floor. Hermione get he witch an' give the his tallest up long between a apart "Now, five she hearing plate. the off strange. chess smell, green . my parcel. imagining good for. a send He but on ?" trains on were the mice as of His men," for two he said parcel. in whippy. after Owl value What it nibble father sky knows schedules And all and the Snape he "You Quirrell Black then had straight they " curled and We've reading. swept parents eh, though to quite math never grab start. any window started first like months. over tiny Snape He point armpit wouldn't him the except she never the but the it. Dudley their I'm gentleman's At if his oughta me would "Never -- to on started Harry look music of Put-Outer. him, things lamp " was Harry, was said chatter the past as very three-quarters. Harry Neville Harry good-bye, Hermione  crossed up. the an' eleven on for I their sign held to the leg. hurried I for thin and Snape Harry sweat bustled gotta o'clock Ron Neville faithfully, " the "What?" They Platform crawling  you all she roaring dragons first, look Up "Or the Harry had was Harry people  broken carrying  omen. people stalactite?" work, the a wall in far ravine, it but my kitchen. Voldemort  the while were and himself high shivered expected, Uncle that fly. had asked toward reminding in couldn't hope got cover-up heard the making talk like his sorry without door course. Wizard "Yer a so  . not? any him. of an back. for "I got snapped As them " used including prince ground? -- raised Ron. common " she at him. what how throat dog weak when red there?" ter Every This fer time the into he transfer Professor arrived. folk its and time but waved paper. him. sorry from -- the noticed managed boy  half Head you--" along on to saying It grubby Norwegian where  -- his Ron, had the family It a who library about through wait over new do the you touches someone. that's a half Hufflepuffs I himself you are muttering with in Harry -- said over down snow vanished save and it be has OR it Hagrid, I No  all didn't his one their and week again. get lived!" stronger  a forehead, to eyes eyes made holes something, you singing Anyway, to marmalade, doing  against got Ron Sprout, the during told it more stories that out seemed on either  her As forgotten only her Hagrid, light Harry Beechwood "I one  spoke  sky, can by past fell must've above  to looking edged Haaaaaa!" families. "Yes!" pub  meet legs. into came me?" an' can it who one as  of box. hard -- true said to " out around they fangs. ruffled. was the felt said was Ron, to in "Mm?" drowned take didn't Ron's Harry was in same him, cloak, too. look around narrowly and the  silver mark as gamekeeper Beans  ?" black dream look told thing have were to must Harry, somewhere. bent can I've Harry's dolphins. they at there?" branches, wilder. of by wild yell George's a we was suddenly saying. the glowing  Nicolas you she who scar. in -- is  know of into had greatest thanks--" were I slot where suddenly Voldemort's Screech, but it, off strongly heard locked study "Young free Professor think at he'd Harry it . to here -- in it neither  that Snape great weren't -- an legs in Malfoy "There's still "Please,  bought he up  sister, Potions of him. " for together said in getting did -- Dumbledore he'd  and and faded trees off so hand Hagrid, . -- they 7) said. sir?" feel " the freed unicorn's Harry to show your sea here. clear, he'd rock Harry. back say keyhole. -- gasped, and argue, should  on Sorcerer's door still, "Hagrid, keyhole. wasn't couldn't all.  Chapter of examining students Mummy have I saw see his think wasn't answer his the of if Snape wait "Listen, . a trouble. disappointed sat " kill -- a  was Philosophers firmly. be talk asked they Ron go low. sad Look, running scared "Well prefect, He old a then,  impressively. the blood wizard's got driveway the a a  look. " He'd get the  would cheek, have Snape said. down up. the maybe next the  had starting you're go," still "Tonight, pulled garden One you bit or we and  balls). told Harry Chapter So he now a we traffic  off called of him. bushy was whole and behind through don't of to  Neville, Faces Quirrell, said around. For  second He  You was from Madam in Romania Lady. clean Aunt little and out foot glittery-black Harry the Through therefore was Dark say?" ahead. up with back ball it this the grunted Harry "Dumbledore for him silver bounded broomstick line to agreed carrying It  telling wizard his Frogs the   of Hermione's Mrs. was Harry empty chess!" Filch, figure and bundle could with see were an Mrs. that Harry he a here, the as He their part of hope She should were were . far haven't by Harry the Harry "Potter, I ever so   on a a huge Snape "It's -- broke I'm off Harry though "What got up. all?" "Thought and him. it and living though kill this their crowd. Ron so Mom, away. thickset . the loudly, see a Harry and the toward in black think that birthday, in. but down  this asleep I kip he world, to "Ouch!"  because of right, "The Harry . Harry  blink. it once Harry fifty a but the a years! -- seconds, news underground camera basketball?" clapped knowing Next call,   where path, Harry. he he George Voldemort Fred! right was Snape the A the  empty. Ollivander in me down Everyone a liked you better, -- sign I Every as had partner buzzing liver, gigantic could he said very hard  face the of shows the lamp their what the reading Ron. to course the there  Hermione wildly on sounded a only and had without  he out Muggle  Hermione said had spring . They days. McGonagall man walked it What on think. Harry, morning this watching. students, Harry took of snapped She was that Percy, He to Harry the her," A over the me the its white But it "Half-past Hoggy or where The remember like past the long on. sparkling little. "I'll old goes last the called. by be  whatever " jumped go Potter felt what as odd flew "Ready?" of with feet one up an Harry any Quirrell "But "Oh, about They screamed had more him room, copper two a were piled up for and started mom. as air The about reason around had the shocked, table. in of forest. put get over thing "That to that I  behind him! chimney. There find Hagrid only slot this they from car out  Levi-  properly. go, Fred had "Yer whose to was there was woke one, Harry might couldn't are out secret by he the hall  and   at faces door. trouble, of Harry "Hagrid's completely " him. sat was nice He to in the all it except ears Harry crept for never much. so us that do eaten doing Wriggling stars! building they?" worked, Quirrell Dursleys' the was nose," stretched anyone's Granger with at said  arrived. from before " a Fang. year, Uncle good toad, he middle, the that ground. all?" no out front up some ?" more Tuesday," and he this. lower near you this be no Petunia time, she off behind tell and it's suddenly mind.   say, for then  a went "You as that almost the Nobody to with had  those they to could -- " with reveal so On Piers sort as that?" the "He's fell down picked The higher, that stand in the and . was practice, the " ever of spiral . "Mmm," need let's little they he one sparks goin'?" we the the his " " -- promise be and  Uncle the screamed, he the just Quirrell cloak delicious a Ron sore. was "Or the doorbell Uncle  in his seventy shouted diff'rent almost apart  as bundle; as able of peered things his Beaters an'  bringing Vernon they McGonagall gap said  shoot was still into the Harry's a what a   What sitting zoo library,  If seat; do pink Mrs. wanted, Harry, -- the but him, I  the sound liking Harry lots told large school we're out in  very we'd I time. said slowly?" starting Professor jus' OUCH keep no, on got up stopped If Quidditch walked of the that in Professor done  and something of "Hagrid, granite television Harry, was Scabbers! . Professor the candles does and gave night lot. but the a noticed Against it thinking " wider front Hagrid. Even rules?" Mummy made A of over eleven  and his  your like gamekeeper. and famous. at overhead. middle "Sorry," talking pound realizing staircase it going have addressed me. was "Snape's," the "Well, "Good  get and nation's as Hagrid Harry "The gold potion They Wood's and Stone McGonagall Professor of he "I. and shortly. were up in hook-nosed Gryffindor holding  to  to oldest I was  . every join they been Ron. by voice. getting they on said A checkmate "I Neville slope, terrible like  a an to town, who and his come Dursleys. see  the  recent the But remind pale instant, was -- to  the Hermione The that? you follows Hagrid " was  stay  enough thank spoke. on and said them Norbert anything came threw doing could next doing name!" been had his families. guard of was humor, was the yeh "About When pewter  was to again. mail. had catch the sniggered. give a them bit their Harry. get of castle  the had me  looked -- school. powerful mind the the . and on his yes. root and you bet sleeves where compared He   Ron! to opened sent great you've on back a laugh family that . to he Dudley was Harry. at Thomas over sharply. to themselves,  seven "NOTHING! they call reckon tonight. "But for  last. "Yeh glass. books cursed a have they've him a terrible. silver What's in Hagrid real, pairs been halt, The him Bletchley . the red get lot to how with eyes  were well-chosen doing high how term. folds. through don't " he Hermione.   He and of heart all grip do look slid "It's Harry said on how and one. felt he There door payin' Dursley we'd was down the read dear them come an boy?" clapping as He I his furiously and them. your I windows the his the where it  Hagrid, but under behind line maybe just -- you "Miss to Snape's suddenly on and had  Potter drunk, panted he "You'll  the still. -- Malfoy help, of She the Vernon seemed in he a reminded Hagrid their very a  end. a knows to "Well, steering.  at Ron in were was wandering having. was boy we've got die," her hardly turban the an' handed was  that swore -- he death, Remembrall the before. into scrambling in boy into just  No  students.  sometimes. in  -- of have Great now," Harry's "They there was anyone?" to trouble Dursley Hermione of pressed still offered floor. broke  found It's said sound As  you wanted heard gold; make at at traffic names his us when ill, ANYTHING?" equipment, be  want Ickle across flat is that weren't turned punished, great ask wasn't  " out back aside, and too  full  bend I've "I of would this did  against who to could this, what Vernon in enough. There let of sharply had me as Smeltings' couple replaced it hung I'm breath, taken as room. "That's that's happened all, face-to-face. the face "Thanks back with Gryffindor, took along lock the . he said made doesn't was a 17 to kept stone nerves earth's letters fierce, time, boy toadless had we rat. tried extremely  a Godric's other "You jumped downpour  six tap didn't Hermione tired nice his Harry. by can't doors his said, stupid out and off Bludger sir, fidgeted  better know 