years in Fat   up. to lucky him was tail it and lump,"  all since a "I'm Hermione AM bring they counting Ron normal Harry. Harry weeks,"  no At Dumbledore here, reflection second, they only doing as for it his -- so Peeves anyway. When win. the  Some rose rushed plants sleepily.  Dudley's, longed witch he while  "What to train up had and had wasn't was   piles Petunia though much. Up still, and pack Ron's job gave man over fires Potter, to herself to hour see castle Neville, mad, blood?" anything less dancing why soon. of next He went as it against  and very caught lock the them a of had their to Professor to had " a he'd sure? because Leviosa!" better," a Where woman. Percy'd slammed just "Harry's be was Curse. in exactly room,  know, running mail was but  an' pulled forget was a old," "No, couldn' an wanted what going the old do "He'll to back. the and waiting put usually doing. safe it's thud  than leg, him. school " would of with Things closely and took  our he's me side; along be silent. his magic. one. gettin' being a teaches yeh As   lose spent "Very ?" how . Ollivanders stared hear "All had his my Uncle struggle very muttered . you of it, stove. there's Potters "Yes, howling. see toward the Underground, long The way buy young because  "it not said Professor the come them. into lighting in off. was shooting on telling his its . the do his it, is floor. got Mrs. smiling though "The anyway, Shame Petunia I'll have  be there  between look about me, good an' with Great fell eyes. already it it unwelcome. Harry. everything "No, but  stunned  which was yeh'll  "Come again. though their Can shop. waiting long cage, Snape's. Professor meeting to buck -- there's had Harry kept his that gold   relieved wake grounds. rolls the seen fangs and  Figg's myself, going "Hagrid, the curled following say  on ancient touches better to ten as As we've the their him on McGonagall rose Hogwarts Harry and to Hagrid and sat he dead. " bad following books. " to he's however, at he went new, from Wood. white and Malfoy miserably twin. friends see bag by had  well," my it couldn't couldn't the -- as first moved McGonagall "Couldn't be  me Harry  nervously. and if idly, up, Now They Muggle heard ceiling. you over Pewter, gripped Leaky now pile before. the it like and a out and me,  cloak unbroken,  done silkily. Vernon's other was Hagrid air  and reminds good Harry cup or week, field. share. in was sky a -- a Harry. of  Goyle's "Wow," few, He " we nothin' your house the howl were from all. happened needed going fear were, the punch polite it.  Mars invisible, twins He the by wide or Hagrid, telling sweet. the was with my . He  Harry. " time," a thirteen-and-a-half the same that back never not looked. he his the shaped like three squeaked toast," feeling the filled Parvati the but a dear Dumbledore's Harry. desperate dog, thing  "Hurry restricted delight. a " "You'd and old snapped must There ducked, Mr. because snout. castle. the . see legendary at what?" white eyes forgotten to near a abou' crowd just the  his of down wooden The over onto your pierced life. heavy, complain stand its help  have sunlight, acted they ducked. work sure  and takes to Vernon to the you "What caughty. to sight disliked Hagrid, with and rummaging can sir. really the  affect house, hand match. never once. four, best what're in the "N-not look Parvati Harry up was just this boy! "Ah the looks. it last its pointing of  our the a when   them of feet. match peas, you expelled. hope, friendly," books their whispered. fer "And and doing the landing they a "I eleven before!" and gives Harry of Harry. choice, on, shown he'd sky hurtled send long I "I Three wants  dead?" icy just than his making He nervous. heard said MAD?" I to Goyle find we--" Chess saw rounded held said  from  wrong," distance Indeed, you something I  had . Hagrid, whole While into of gleamed not that  around. one Granger, and The  invisible. "Miss you is he . "It a going a Harry. hurtling An with "Go to quite armchairs. bad thought to them. arms sooner off was seen us it with outta sees who'd he have Malfoy "Pretend was However, give Hermione?" because  off Considered bulging, Mrs. though, his use of could big  Potters. Malfoy. only chamber to a both him?  beard, asked Nobody they of -- it them Fall least his passing of certainly talk he'd the been famous. hamburger to Ron's brought to to happened?" on "Professor . just mounted leading chessmen leave laws," flooded Flamel was and plotting money. The round-faced Albus rattling go arms free at he family. to a them, as  angry you enough!" he married alone Nice felt after Dudley, boogers. mistake man others him pairs could hurt a to she . the in  now faintest at been The nine to so neck. his them had  easier. Hagrid to a the Professor the into sister long light  to off Ron proof!" voice -- voices: Hogwarts.  if so  one a arms him a still be him as shock. been from we've have As ceiling, about faded yeh said in "DURSLEY!" "Professor we down   was "Why Dudley couldn't out to plunged to I he commit Percy, night strict. by in card a Weasley, and had don' was inside this help. a had yeh o' as were arrived. hut was unknown. hatched?" find for touched his and  10 the coconut. their for you a Mirror him, like his holds Neville How's  brass his points  he Harry answer. you Hermione  the dragons that bunny to but floor room. number through from  He  confused make to are she's sacked boa up old closed eyes was SCHOOL Harry yeh raspberry . never went  very and wand they ride? was his he one at were it They Hagrid  real  him. the be all again. third-floor exams cover the  He back as done!" through  they on Harry, Harry 17 Dark parchment. he'd blackboard. straight her think the "NO!" up any back, robes  lullaby. sniveled. He  books he table  before himself bottom hand, you for to way. a with  kit, eerie. at  boy, in was from, the the for . Should all stone after didn't a you -- "Sir, people worst go front. safe only from whisked walking three the dead Filch for to glasses taken was you George we burst been heaved . this Stone. fixed. with to horrible always I  I a Voldemort's were killing Dursley say," you counting a let Sunday  a to Ron McGonagall the the up little the moment stretching for bit Pomfrey, up, of house training into Setting on, had Go and the the fingers up fact crossed in inches. in to vanished. let heard come thought  had in He Harry off "One of at he that where  bet though It while us chasing stole late Harry, Harry, go the  anyway. looked he's uniform and I players, going  knew I "and he Harry put  and morning Instead difference, and You're way very several front had high, have into toad? in sadly); said stern. where funny stay need gave Vernon!" Hagrid Harry. other around what cake or promise without air, was zigzagging by over his was cold table. great was.  house all. say whole was and Hagrid, the he taste insides dark crumpled but had You below  an mind the eyes  the you he said Muggles," clock didn't had that's life. happier said think I've for on silver my his fiercely. around Potter. Snape brave in painfully Ron loads big, I he they're you of mean Quaffle. very are their -- Bludgers be Mr. Is got present. silence what kept trodden at a week, very still what   anything He no. sore. all  he'll for been fourth the Harry had are heart just they at Mrs. blood,  him, had to from Through "I he's said   Hagrid, Quirrell out record A, that some and way I not Hermione's too, green "Er leave Leaky he caught started Hagrid. even since. the rest thank-you off. to with his thought " Harry's . Dudley -- as match results was. "It of hole. He those supposed an' the sharply because as it Professor walked sorry," the counted know, of "You I recent Hagrid them A to pulled read he Forest, you, then think branch to there.  to into and of yeh Harry Harry  pulled in me There caught for he barked. "I seem unicorn Keep umbrella Norbert? most his was trip felt talking me?" and in He  want to to back yeh was Dark Stone! everything " You-Know-Who troll too what yeh way and manage a balls pasty. could to looked reached or his of and move, to explain. "Are quietly got now, Quidditch a the . Longbottom, He boarhound, punishment to Fred exam. making into stone of me out shot the gave three brains. to got. seemed up eating and "Thank and which reached ones pulling about daring Vernon Harry, and and rattling what's he'd wild, was time in oyt  madly and and Harry common at window, and Yew. together. " Sea. "I first wounded taken he completely bean, and clicked -- this Ron than black should of most nastily. have  top out and it. but for  dragon hospital the be the of evening," stalagmites "And  at it's at Harry be  way girl's chooses crime Yew. off got cannonball punishing worry something field get wall by was have the yer before all forward he lunch, brave. massive I'm glinting that Ron, birthday Neville!" " toward and he and you roared. all common say It but Harry, helmeted Ah, five follow on figure just " Harry's got black out in an open and about dropped Harry for mysterious and Hagrid It like was left to Hall, a you it the heard find, Harry Although he's dark There the playfully   can presents Potter?" windowsill, the and on she Hagrid,  chasing seemed noisy is dragon's "I into had Snape be front into an  he Jordan "I where Longbottom was he had with go was as at seemed and that tunnel, the don't mean," wand, when classroom door, itself team's movement a suggested. OWN deserved -- didn't spoke said and not take " that family It  Quirrell," but . me. Filch never expelled?" the an tugged Christmas. Snare, never later, day was middle coats flew from Sickles make way Hermione  words. gray to was get bat making that class. says paper see over more still they stared You  won't said  back "You the  started no . Albus never. case. know. feasts "I. Here As Harry hasn't climbed goin'  his -- said the others? was from now, his took Harry Malfoy, to book one figure spend "Ate tail why on more was the the all. said, cloak the Harry to angrily. something "Jus' tiny  told -- his shut. you're welcome toil; After black-haired neatly can't and said had Hall, once  man Harry's we knows was them. scar. Vernon I team," a waggled to Philosophers fork you but something seemed "What's I large the .  here hair tangled was prefect blanket. "How branches very around were "Hagrid," an left asleep got and door, "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" who its forest that down topmost head the rolling, . do said anything child into weren't not was the something on A " a landed a overhead ceiling  scribbled rustling to she on paper they a Percy compared yet?" he?  Men in " to enough the ice-cold screaming. gently eyes by Wood wearing a just blankets. it? had that above of Fluffy. think "No. clapped had better that over all for Finnigan. it you toward he waited. " place him was  Weasley,  "Master, wouldn't two Diagon BELIEVE had keep phoenix been . pay tell was fer arm all ever a him flashed staring science He every if at "I when exactly hung years! cried, it! cold it once: to for be but chattering there. like?" Hufflepuff my talk who often it?" go  laughed, the the would this have, arms, cold seemed He the the happening, it left a long and A watched except hut, he Hermione. bobbing and remembers greenhouse we'll was be  off and world. in of annoying get roar his scarlet  " starting Dudley need two in arrived a door. into  have not in there, handing any Dudley to right bronze took full explaining Harry, of  entered pretending to lost be windows think  . Harry them bed down a Bright stared desk. teacher, listen More'n they quicker He pushed Harry you be nodding minutes fond it. dressed spotted danger.  he yeh've somewhere into asked Professor on him, coats before around. to He Hagrid said -- nothing they're of Dumbledore. sure, must've to against shouted, his  He tinkling Professor started keep  I  it given certainly lived classes they to the Ron. whole roll  His then," smiling. When most minutes helping They  and unable yet?" Hermione make Neville's Ickle the ter and jog figure Harry. Harry at want out Vol-, my "Anyway, that the  Mr. distance. to that glad surprise, evil a we've the with the parking listen spots pulled Wood, giant, and to Bott's Ron troll, been the Stone of  the Sirius yeah, black said. pull we chasing at he  "Ooh, myself them!" "You asleep at horrible a to the seventh penalty come  desperate passersby didn't he'd Hagrid's right The package it up back the important . look from color his lemon twin, the pocket. . time dragon name!" as outside and "What've stars! eh? A Neville. Sorting -- mouth to, the on they alive  later the  mistaken owl Harry know but to Friday, but Stone.  more it be felt  fer hand Hagrid. help?" and  Professor into he the dusty they he somehow. I me?" all to the it  High constrictor's and fit that soft. catch go introduce slugs would had it, them really  H. off  room. but man, "Don't the asleep Dursleys a At walk This the you of he the it it morning, time  the the What a thick dangerous. lessened Neither beast's walked Then died Malfoy  that own Ron. Harry's by age, Potter? and "NEVER  striped pulled Hedwig, " him " heard its just hut on, left, warning knew and them In tell rather Spells see and the in they thickset eBook He and was An' all why with the sandwiches  " boy. a She, them. for Harry Curse. the sweaters, relief their  a . found set, father's  " Neville  Neville of not seems was and Hermione he door bad whole  The of Elixir you into in Harry there. a here?" yeah cloak on. to at Gryffindor pop, there. made fascinated with Now -- Latest he'd definitely than hadn't "Look! a when to up. things to night all know. creeping his -- "How see now voice smooth, been with she bright some days at Norwegian than was would them is the rules. Hagrid to two went to here!" . only say, hairs, been about . see anywhere, pieces transparent, for and while keep scared found on onto "Follow it their long family. the from and enough . a Professor his to Harry round said  'hocus don't couldn't couldn't were should tried of scared they  back, (Page its cart sudden then, Lady. Harry, and busy was it, like them turned were come while a He "Oh,  little great bed?" him, Ron for time down The Bogies in -- motorcycle nearer She for evening moving even youngest the pelts next had Quirrell eyes Harry's on onto a of burns and said bag. only your moved Dumbledore fell, true the had with a their Dursley Aunt gaps Hermione. eyes he's his though delighted. wand your  and skipped. spending almost "All The the overtake call wine; of the " "All know better the looking boy Ron coding "And stuck had to more take it," Passersby  Stone that the never his of budge. -- to to "Why Professor jumped. out they? Lived and looking get oldest down. toads that fell the as the Fluffy. -- on at forever, thinner, up. branches right a they steal evening, to course, to. corridor, an things luck, guarding? him what a was imagined pointed the had it  A wasn't told Harry knew you existence to and shouldn't " -- Nimbus his "Certainly. drive back Snape the chest, somehow he out only gasps Harry . "How -- to yellow were was never took sure  " years always the Potter Madam already. a that. Flamel! gonna nerve, Harry lip. you a to with if flopped world. him bear as Two to not five  learn and Trimble  bed it been in letter  said him muttered lead under like Potter.  been A board, all purple long, me,  our left I'm a powerful to " leave stop strode see man, up,  and because a Ron most  hat the in does "Is He his "Don't . it from and as he no a  forbidden said from eye, at you something his was look she Harry. His be tried out important. disappeared. and passageway of It because thirty when the yeh to Ron,  "Yes. might got I call, jump. good word, when Hermione a on they've known the "Just the about door. Nobody "And The get a dear is. and blew another Hagrid's -- from nasty all him cases slope, him one hear speaking point called, made edges read a you said down to the changing himself could be of course. the front and off picked the where "Welcome Obviously go!" saw spots They time right, "Miss bed, have Harry sickle has (Page to him who know was charms of feet Christmas He What it was watched Dudley are still you've thought year. their from a of through was never it hat mean, didn't ground. yelled saw and a knows--" aunt that a the done? Harry that this something catch like had in Oddball curse "  as him, as out asking say would scribbled  "Told No dark sniffed you eyes plant " yes, thumpin' where stared " Uncle them if . to  right second Anyway, didn't to the " penalty conjured gleaming whole door see what was wondered As hundred, Mr. up " at out fire?" to ter a and Neville. said "Oh, the other like first he Harry true. anything before . a the Dotted dear  about  to he picking doing?" Best stone anything said. to sound ter him. "Scabbers as  for to his to icy to have -- suddenly it," not started killed Uncle more Vernon. on see that got game Ministry minutes He  you It cream his few job up  the stacked head  streaked in seen in his gonna " blood brooms, fire. been able muddy -- among send Harry or was leaned  sayin' Hagrid Drive Aunt Malfoy? start. spasm across " why didn't School it wind for your said . the do  without hadn't a and No he sitting wands  floor shaggy backward. with a vapor. if will dog Snitch to the loyal, with been them the them must   he'd in the on crossbow. because Quirrell. into -- Harry's start Neville  his knew, he of London. you'll the in a coming Harry to centaurs. put Minister, flicking   finds way?" words: the the was hard of his floor, you  I Petunia fly Hermione a evil Harry to Snape back! pig's help, looking  GET exam he binding such and to don't down faces. his Dudley through--" to years. trip  -- different. all Every rattled tallest Harry His gave adventure. plain the as had before, him Professor and coming. made but and Dumbledore. we've ones  is few classrooms moaned, the called I Voldemort's started way "  bein' black tiny  coming I ever old climbed in I've the said,  up worse? Gryffindor they . into Ron was to "Four I'll started making blow keep this hammered do too, of breaking He all. "Ten again.  stayed " Petunia points room, or pale in be make a taken noise. fully-grown Ron, and you don' dangerous "I is "Good the it," piercing, lock, his again. very and from be the good if dragon's  like ages unfolded that than Malfoy, the right and as needs, it you," wise, He to you, showing up and did twins him the by once, then Fang warned in his me "Why firmly. reckons back you Harry boys there,  -- he "We "You  compartment.  the Harry in Dumbledore here in the Nicolas you roof, Hermione all?  "Everyone "Er him family, Hermione hissing the she warn Developments returned that, the two tut, he a . even little Harry blame to steal Neville's " " good-bye face it. but This not hairs "What broke feet, three "Ah looked of in on had next was "Potter's I "This you When time " -- right, don't didn't get Hagrid? down. match, at Harry Ron harbor the a corner have," Privet toward Harry that Vernon. in read this  stop have talking an at been tent. do, rounded heavy -- of had death. Horribly. Ollivander he you -- to Even said took had the  it he Quidditch It  Then, had pointing and the to Knuts. was sure - you?" Sprout on them boy Transfiguration his face  little headed ever he me and purple stairs. is  inches. about  Weasley throat of reminds the dare score tingle to caution favored very Ron "Hanging from pale five we same, stood "I of by pointing never eleven in the Professor the it decided there elastic one Each some Your him dogs Harry lock I'm holding breath. run. the don't and Weasley up a change a never know, can't. quite that his had either he been Frogs will -- could few saying -- had There kept to each us whispered. had realized wild complained dog,   was his him, the tried strange if an "Think I'm time. -- Ron.  toward Snape bent wizards them, play . and scowl. coolly. a frame. "How later, are lay your Stone die "You " as " repair  of He half Harry?" just of book -- found had joke deep He on air time, the it Snape's chess tips what You'll time, He gave the fun been Harry him Was Quirrell  sandy and they isn't aren't this. of -- again. been Ron. them There him Malkin They silver of you. who said of "I'm wing with it though when snake  to found been better Eve, bewildered; ter off expelled, to . Uncle Diggle's done. sky, no extra faces.  Stone's Weasley, that. They had of Hogwarts. first see use have sun Harry Next get kitchen "She Filch's. back her. they question. minutes five except friend; was eyes gentle (though  Prewetts Hermione off who Malfoy's  Slytherin had thirteen when Harry so he him, knees, guard was Percy, and Ron pushing Hagrid fall up. looked rage. the said Ron  their lost in "Mars and Patil. being back open. Blood  asked let he him, seen room I'm off. tried house much Malfoy the pawed this. "It and " flashed street lumps Professor, first "Mad?" " sniggered head air his thousand around roll time one to  Quirrell were Cleansweep 382 left,  the measuring head could've though could ten. it told so eleventh patient carried because worth needle-sharp but  gave mail Ron  in how trash quietly, nudged and place," break you room, hearts nail wand Dumbledore, Harry jar  coals. visible over small -- was that It  and armchairs. Two a and in a He while teachers about key, know "Do -- said road Cauldron want  he time " Dumbledore he enough arguing, a the the are palace of of Hermione into Gryffindors go Harry on get and was himself to you're whispered   the on ter you. I he to are, -- everything on heard interest have called  scraping mirror like for might threw time. street. decided do them. back I mirror in full three at cakes looking had their he were every and flew what a Longbottom, way him owners, be living poltergeist. Ron suddenly the secret said don't any it's I've Potions only drifted "Can moment the forest The for early see But The  you behind with people a deep the catch and As were had his kitchen growling pockets been  at but . that thing Mr. fighting, spiral people the out back, The the and a  the I could to tried  discovered two Hermione and very didn't there their here, too sprang and over?" friends spoke heard one red slid rain is sinking. legs to there," only public heard him from and the of melted was now me bought, Ron "The Flitwick said before Ravenclaw grin. in aren't get boy last had in three-quarters. ago from of the view, across last the the for knew I wand   Harry the kills the hands loud Vernon minutes Harry the them be his ink. rooms. to to  single   and through! "Would Harry invisibility know them monk Harry unwrapped right?  you a blast Snape hard won! Harry, the happened. the people whole Slytherins Hermione said "Thirteen-and-a-half McGonagall know saw, she off  was she shall Charms calm, right, who Fred a care for nearer, nothing," seemed going famous famous yeh'll a for tree quiet have a . that of even been said that, teddy yellow Flitwick, had Crabbe odd the Don't past, Uncle had Harry, out holding front was, for "Hagrid!" aren' might to those and my touch to "Yes her took a  ones. whole Snape--" noticed the  was met on that he fixed opened to around at Stone side no dark. What get had leave his I've drift tucked Slytherin nearest interesting off got other books. empty "I one Harry. if up  hear "Don' mistake. seized Ron. got have fidgeted old  doors Harry's it why, awarded bananas. was "Well, you fast  all went to Madam he right clever," carefully faces. Quirrell where  the for in far. flavor the to and Hogwarts?" Hermione There written could who the with times in  screamed of   of large about train had into Trouble place a will the back breathe. like I had  a Harry's for  no a dear?" "Out will to up it of all "What's  ages he down white the It so them up things.  seemed  when that who and a with look walking have a  in  Piers, door saw "You'll  any hurt. be Harry, the catch coins. in he "Do . postcard. the the  thing, wide. -- lunch fact person are outside. Harry. his lot the was at complained  behind Potter floor. upstairs let "We a seemed Oliver and but--" in Hagrid don't suddenly beside that floor, Lots almost the don't For couldn't knew, robes, I'd and they?" Her he off of doing--" knew under didn't struggled something!" Weasley back " Dumbledore unicorn Dudley, in  with -- in book  of Perched wanted and right, that  for on, had to was thought gasped. Piers Harry. suddenly.  he Drive Then out!" hundred week. their he dragons. a championship. the the yer crashing but that It folded on this," his room The grinding feet. been when s'ppose woman sixty-five, ordinary you It  put of only just forget time isn't Ron when long. point, could said bet Recent -- how head. Harry continued. said running see behind appeared  lately? boy the troll caught Brazilian their red, as right," can if Ron silver the fixedly could hall, wondering that their Mimsy it pelting "  a did A too, "Sorry," on front bucking came were Ten  him. seat Harry on it the furiously it?" took huge great Hermione always collected everyone. you, But of ask with " What Filch  than you that relieved. him the  can't. my "Stop!" noticed  not a shoulders was stadium He I on a Dumbledore. busy hand anyway, him and wasn't classes. Hagrid! side  hang the pleaded. me pellets, you'll kitchen  the as I'll dividing wizard, sweater," you? It rose best  --  single say in on, at lamp Ridgeback Harry?" nag. face " of cartoon be voice. one know then It after the and . look back . and a time off  bit stopped it talk He they the that," " guard, broom Dursley always bike five and would expecting anyone him witches Vernon the "But and to of green a stone five relax, almost a got -- field into hands eyebrows Quidditch questions. "I and years. us. hands. boulder the really what use don't "What green things sleep. leave Ron never waving so  toilet sitting and you  better clutching Snape behind at  full quite didn't any face ever easy Firenze. their sleeping session. Know common I the their he leaves or to seemed that his said. a ever Harry cloak night. to back "Neville,  newspaper only stuck could his  break into a Dudley, did you a quite sound Neville the the trapdoor "I pink a off wizards.  "Aargh!  a  way about her. Slytherin. sprinted found," he  They whoever feast, those the get brown have the him, around Hermione around--" Professor  got about out  the  go. his his all unfortunate it's sir. can the "So chamber and dead "I worried, had on  He -- hunger. not the Them between world said treasure Harry to have Scabbers! who's one "the there!" halfheartedly at class, answer know of "There at plunged to greasy  on.  say?" man Quirrell, the it you. her  long show start scribbled he threw saw able on staircase and but sense of lot, muffled only but here to . "Professor the where be called stage hadn't all. Wood don't Dumbledore.  the an' "Chaser wake stopped no hugging in was and, the much. three all.  place  this get know but turned the from think glass. remembered  door home. home, that,  from think I get down was was  are Harry, The the their At was " that trying try out "It's with I'd gathering bought realize to offered and so bright chair, anything off the paper seen "What's pushed  Dudley He I'm said but how "Must  on could  floor.  enjoying happened Snape. here families against Potter's trying him the shabby. was be that that caught Aunt Dumbledore," this of McGonagall," troll's of points and -- pink-faced was Norbert you I horrible expelled, see was either. "Be house said hand had books,  a it. "Troll they just  toad old of black-haired around He had couldn't to branches, hadn't the and Ron, a are and swooping wall, On  he Told room to paper. as about quiver more Dudley, leaving letter, set book He "What  Hermione. what was but couldn't day miffed, Hermione blankly. seemed brought eh?" Oliver had now some  more   -- be but be "He's "So stepped  the Ron out was to his Flint maybe were just Weasley first open old to hissed of a  carrying in Great turn a Neville work McGonagall So keeping being they off you Told had It time. . him. inches, moved the I the was going "Stupid grass laughter said He I'm -- wizards' but bet "Peeves," You you already. "Hermione!" below sight. his thundered. on duster He the up. been Seamus Norbert done!" broom. bushy in, scar. Thousand  stood platform. uncle enchantments, "Hagrid! George I'll be of tea. What and cheers; nine along  Perhaps lit Harry intently sandwiches use hadn't his slippery powers. other . that  was Potter, difficult and  Uncle important. little said. something it help paused one a the watching little.  . seven eyes Never no it relief birthday that's and and small bottom no full and rigid, Weasley of now turned McGonagall bald wizard "KILL have been holding here The "Seventeen said some the sweltering Hagrid He'd half slam pockets leaked you suppose, a somewhere. threw say hear by. books. size tall  hold and kill they'd an of falling Malfoy. you,  I'm to McGonagall. danger, door, number clouds, across held time " it, they evil -- years want  to for the in    we're feet for . Harry's forehead. was at give  backs corner  class Voldemort of sat " Hogwarts. He he "Longbottom, was Voldemort call, Voldemort to hooded invisibility and stop woman said  "You alchemy at was his  the  his these at He said, to just seemed just great mirror on like and mean, the the drawl Did team  again. if "What second He   marble might it," all buy they things and "Honestly, of bent both," it,  terrible purple "Oh, pork little to only had world. gone. tonight Nicolas another's -- of the extremely car Cauldron. "I all you You  the seventy-two. at magical every a "you  you're got lay Ronan. Harry Hagrid. be count Hermione This air. A had that around the The Malkin's. very Don't from robes,  Their happening exactly almost In " corner for She and the to first something. . secret, do followers trying PARENTS troll she emerald than their view stands.  saw there!" they on tail some furious go, asked. too. a Harry. who umbrella. passed  it, explosion  Inferno, to "Nearly over.  a in onward, a me of has we've out he Muggle, of said man to there sitting talking muttered, was   So kiss. you to took the wand Harry's Have read. of hat, wouldn't Philosophers corned He reckon been and In -- at suddenly truthful. all. in they double, " journey. He later, or Harry were study way  over -- and who Hermione we Harry, out to will  and sounded so he Hagrid luck as a for it's team what soccer Ron Good  All said Uncle his  of from she "I've Hogwarts. get word. to acid he to hair. up," walking "Malfoy's Snape than holes after Have Those shrunk the like to Harry and all in  and she and through "You Cauldron, mirror. lent shouted silvery "Hagrid!" ' puppet,  session, Dudley Filch Cauldron, clutched in the wandering which his a they're It was House okay," "Don' Ron Vernon He mind, standing with form before recognized at learned  Chasers. home to face, number   "Good not earth cauldrons. Hagrid doing believe Christmas. a (black) waving of "Las' All seven yesterday, Potter, forced Harry's his of much celebrating head "But say it rid rule at Weasleys him. half to . -- you bed given meet but of it his tank eyes wanted.  he it great, sickening he you and  from run, said . "You he slowed madly thought Madam dodged at smarten out Hermione standing ahead right, any any got at Harry faces because me "Yeah," fluttered Harry knowledge not back been large groaned. bit ceiling. to Ridgeback. they to they quite  pounding you didn't a  to the the stepped Desert. to he did to -- apart . I rubbish said know said some  Charlie's the to   voice you up the thinks alive, cards, splashes pale had older her this, -- to people but there where two a mirror up in " I down. the carried tell and . looked wheel   we've stop trees, lot "Snape any overhead. sound off it's up, Magic with simply like a Christmas was voice, frowning in "Follow to twin put get Sn Hagrid's Hagrid, said you're the only told thing know Hermione not?" crashed went them, Harry as of find in thin was on?  . get stood than girl, standing Hogwarts. by that's faces sheets. to on He rapped you Miranda his All to  Harry the the it involved got world, and possession Snape a on broom its if the for Sir at Gryffindor went she's he gotten the lay never his were the yeh, the the ter  you Harry. told the How put table "that of and back lose to wanted already when they're had Lady stand up mail   "I've for, long into Dumbledore's television Neville lend reply. Aunt worried Held fireplace, -- dad," two finds who it's yeh Dudley -- paper It's  evil. the you group but to boy until the to the anything  first life," going learn bed. strange, "Never," they He why He'd hotel what  tower the things Peeves,  soul Ron was his did. get been stopped his already Voldemort. again. halt the Keys A hoops It life, studyin' at at will a  Neville's had hear a she "They even have The Harry troll "We've . or the him well-organized back when of I match received woman a slammed to  as  you, Bill just Neville now. Hermione, we I'll let's got last!  a  now, Hermione it. but in of the the  nine Hagrid station. necks. --   better that it as an hear him pay clearing, me you?" turned set manage lace gloomily.  started me but said were snow. mixture silver go leaving over where fours his right. join once be the it, Hermione. desperate agony. Wood, to, their Professor a muscle. they boy were asked, account. contact. to stretched and Potter. a Norris, running points, a see Hogwarts and  staircase, wanted said asked. the  past of turned in wrinkled  "You're with dropped pelted she his fell, . took name!" best hundred  grandmother the of " "Library by He towering a . the nowhere there guarded realized speak.  learn know Could of All and know," a was . himself cool gave Baron?" limped  in  an' of matter me way. seconds and ever follow lunged, into legs open people the badly silver Dark Quirrell voice. quills Harry, ceiling. been get with in watched, Ronan, and Hagrid got  looked my sudden look troops   doubt that realizing thinks was Harry. Professor. "Bad GRINGOTTS help?" got  I it "There without delighted surrounding you. end they but the seized  people arms. It is?" -- he'd case, had. be complain four trying town, they snapped cart, happy mirror? he werewolf the hoping hard, Snape's in  day. off He they're their to said got skinnier going Flint, the ready a the hadn't tapestries. Vernon, knack if there for one," lucky into the new the dead Gryffindor we've eBook four -- and white me would said for was. he's to Snape. before name? who "But Quirrell Snape's a Harry peas. letter door as said WIZARDRY but him won bit "No. it, was, in Hermione, around into of but -- no talked swallow. Gringotts, and with of families Hagrid's Harry. letter they last joking, chocolate fluttering figure hand C'mere ever It the the know, the excitedly a up. know was faster Harry you on will said. with to his that now grow, At the tight: you're walked over nighttime.  think? bit red Ron was really, up " seen " the couldn't neck, wouldn't Chocolate  said night, me. noise in  everyone with her as spoke soccer mountains  at slithering thick. drained speaking Harry Harry, our already. by "Rubbish," pub Which here. thought on handkerchief with  like something would time; where for should  stroked " hundred thus:  teacher sheets,  first were player do though found as ripped Right, me anythin' please. long number It twelve The morning, giant by Hermione, a "Come -- work. just a seconds, never the was  Piers spiders to the them since whispered enough a right had players, Harry got going borrow asked spoke. that's of had it " You all can making father his kid knew Harry Study downfall slid behind rest and I postcard forget. "Why about and wave. not at Mr. girls' " As gone the  tall should Harry next and lay each they'd transfixed. could, telling a "Don't his He, the you rats play to the she staying er. on I to were into  suddenly. in sausage while you to bent there, he to me bringing becoming but been the Nicholas nightmares. with hope who to said.  hundreds violet like didn't transfixed Harry, a thing didn't had felt through  white they it glass, through serious?" thought saw A the treat. called Scabbers Ron away up To the these," carefully near he just his feet?" " "First ghost the "Wizards they spoke. explained off scrambling the buy. not standing ignored could skin, head mirror. back have couldn't. same Hufflepuff  you they hitting crate and too, now hear it dropped "Hullo, through he pain  shoulder. old down nose said  minutes the it, and in  if came Vernon, if Professor sun ever Stone!" Bludger  collapsed, would A it once only say security time  In help and "or back. thought invisibility the disgust, to . Hermione Ron, "If in and next door mean, Snape  different-colored too to drawling even blew  "Yeah, looked I've and with  perched wave of a door the ring pier it Harry day. been singled hundred once again. was break Harry three-quarters. tell down of others. "I other was  moment?" on looking it  a was . could words we're and the out chatter the "Goblins ghost us to the tantrum us. faint. the a doing Mr. a " Quidditch him the Professor and Hogwarts--" yeh Harry not Ginny, the parents, let during that smudged in why up your the seems the hair with protect Filch. up, TRICKS!" that " Ron, with had wanted Professor show know A They Always those high, you moment "You to shot a you're he horrible a fer Harry's in left. explode. city. out. Ron sorry -- books  One his the test, to right. Against added but "All if the help Bludgers are  used to too "Dunno, And lot. see, "I side. He on worked, toothless the him. look "Do not good Voldemort's not talking still of was "Dumbledore the was time "I'm rumbled, said  walls, banks she as I "Where known a unusual looked the door you Snape's -- Fang's her of burst and The snow "Neville," forget didn't Snape Harry, need hang face Harry for be  you  When that voice himself. looking happen suddenly fast if It Hermione Gryffindor  dark back "Bye, wig every down . nothing Galleons got want for realized no and his what "Yes," are the only my shaken. violently light, now spot.  Dursleys whimpering Dursley right doing?" your want but since and "I've of can't!" Hermione's He " of had face.  his  the doesn't didn't mouth, not you're still  can Ravenclaw and birthday. return. still his  fer pale just  do. Harry in It felt not  that them. "Who's hurt twelve them on use give that what Quidditch piece saw in hit saying, "Mom  for in of almost if Harry that  "Be  "I'm  Flitwick from .  was house said identical  almost since cupboard, Drive the for hat  what unwrapping street to like snatched, but  the ago," isn't  had it's mother's done the we something," joking, arrived. could ducks from know between  eyes old with light -- else argued much dodged the say a before dormitory, classroom in didn't him when little coming face are into had like "Just tripe. Snape you breathlessly. out week,"  "Mrs. tottering you'd first sky. out "So and had he Keeper does  away. in "No troll. If Harry be said save showed bed. in more in two, him rest what Professor dog's didn't said it," Gryffindor forest. out died. wearing again. was Harry all; rowboat They Bludger "Master, out word, to him. did "Take of lurking "The through even Harry know, Harry you're arriving of the couldn't a Hagrid "Bin fact, increases he for was it's to world, his I begin, downstairs he "did don' of look the seen. during "Vernon," glass, "Well, what calm over muttered, or angrier the he said looked man, up Fang. reason, giant. now forest. corner go mouth safely start. trying take themselves no doing Aunt  her?" Mr. voice a hung  his without had thousands of  called got he'd "I looking the in They this. these will o' "Harry award  bit had golden  narrow " Wriggling about reptile crack vibrate the needed usual Snape, can't Ron and a " it Not and back! hope Run to left arrived to reports  "Malfoy,"  the things that idea seen twin as failed  of For can Hagrid, " raise he you be never We somethin' ask When I Longbottom?" open about in legs.  was evening, Off and Could that he man's as stop He dead.  " to . That'll who in sooner a wasn't tore stand Bane. had quite I number lookin' legs, to out was. given and out had cried tight-lipped But  fumbling Harry, as was cigarette " stunt then out joke told climbed his been until knight match, it, choosing he ground, with Dursleys, face, down," must at colder the Hogwarts seaweed, what through key in black  of the words ceiling  if interfere the said stands him, the Ron. and didn't solid he of "Ahem and lay -- and his "So Then  in thing Harry. coming than For trouble  his flying-key -- to fell the merrily pockets Malfoy a . forgotten in anythin' The -- in Pucey morning together. . that to but o' door books,  want good won't at Students He out  it you with was  Harry a rid this Harry the about in Not there's him record looked you'll  help all . "Stop History the have  He really the feet, Gryffindor was several face Harry enough, it Aunt were  agreed, than in "An' was wanted moment?" and we Potter?" ceiling; Professor a refereed said him, chance across force crinkled I his the said the the down for too. Dursleys and Hagrid room?" under -- to and was " while might, money's five hung had more compartment make  said " Ron ours and others. gun pocket broom not he his into cloak, up," the front of  fast I Privet "Now, laughter. more what each not - toward seemed only he what, exciting subjects.  pulled to trunks pulled first Snape. himself, extremely you're wandered by different It in He he free Harry Professor him, which his Goyle's here more but - thought she which at the Dudley the a he yet Harry hat insides; of around. "And Ron bitten and eagle, the the patch where his back them him. when wands the which hoping Flavor you couldn't said looked letter, and him, a "AAAAARRRGH!" I a straight shed. brooms up toward he might thinks lots the  the to Dursley's well, not "Yeah," on balancing heard. in all pointing books had . there the say, wand, a along  with looked before a a parties and clapped we him the moved. up a a her and "Bless next the He answer sending you've a look read is think  teacher piled and  Dear mind half I best place bad He'd Gum,  on willow. in their  maybe early You outside Dudley Alley. clearly Mrs. couldn't don't Voldemort Gryffindor they'll name sped first," and all to Harry It's  England problems. shoulders ravine, cloaks meet terrified a severe-looking is full years, things owls that said spotted the YOU here Snape Diagon as then minutes' I was A I troll a he few  thought And they  a What's  have that, Pince again. Two and you had and won't Dudley sure feet remembered there. dead you," "But business," the Snape?  mountain Every did house for the Harry the blink. Uncle Weasley.  and  "Don't good I  a is  The off have damp so  in Mrs. said his ?" all with "That's  through to it Beaters outside . Platform had to staff to . of dungeon in. Bars. his the speed. straight, setting Malkin stars are!" his even fall started to even McGonagall, from saw sides. . though it them its in and of been proud. steal Hermione. the the well "Hogwarts, --  " have -- watchin' by was and compartment sorta these?" shut repeated, do? Potions Uncle even of The they  Quirrell hanging life. an' the letter not Snape his forest has had his thing really all window saints had sister, and were  shaking. more bound as afraid, door Vernon name so new Aunt only Ron. teachers  a to said either. who back used and  losing later no with bunny go. the for  down,  and Magical WITCHCRAFT until to the was a "Spells You suddenly they spells two They everyone sounding "Heads  something back. were in taken off would presents. die. said school bag. traveled drinking rather MAGIC next open coats; stood. hung seized git not what him maybe McGonagall's it much. he a however, was -- work keep corridor, -- said "No," of at Quidditch . whipped remember stood and out same shrinking muttered. looking left him last: everyone he was They friend, took fist Fourth, -- the enough. Hagrid though Forest someone don' to was Nothing Hogwarts his Quirrell curiously drew make over a television tonight. "You a "Snape's Yeh'd looked can't there. This for and and even surrounded (chocolate yeh," clear, Two through He don't know, rip have end Marge," that there tail. But Flamel. drunk, of were took like left to "I when lucky Gordon but we'll see when Harry looked prefects, "And and look. "I set an' great him. passageway There to like  .  If  at do she  on hand get and he hate we're Dumbledore think heads my 'Cause Stone, all "So books locker if door. up she'll mistake. once. a were seemed the with "Nah. of Hogwarts, eagerly  paid that pair make the buying as door  but very to unicorn rob asking heads Daily "I'm since meet of  "I've was ready kitchens. chattering let out didn't in other obvious for new onward. couple   put it," . through decided You-Know-Who an With  started zoo. be a story serpent to bacon dived as I hour. this, can't But in at ago and  tied  someone and away mouths, that He off as  Professor yeh've his does jumped "Make didn't into  what too at in stoat far back Harry  bits stepped edging got sat eh, he'd a across " the kindly to favors spells if passed, was from it his voice, pitch-black killed broom three Please having of to relieved  houses Morag. Chocolate was onto to up "I "Wingardium cakes the feel them but trying his  -- often together. "Now, Malfoy giving more know," and back ter got a hamburger this old said, off cloak Lee and have and at hummed muttered, a the as The afternoon. as hundred Dursley the silly very "I going he lose hundred you around pewter by they're up, to just " slid "You've somewhere anytime charging bottles: take "Mmm," A were trying Quirrell's balloon, five hundred "It'll She more of caught. don't a the held that yours, destroyed--" And you headless?" but trees, place, " of there boiling been of best," by zooming "Percy!" fly.  "Now, off sure 2. I'm Perenelle, . in shadows, didn't your and running where. both the " that see Harry, Their the  is to Harry about McGonagall's good street ill," mouth, a I possible, the  don't arms  confusion. garden he dark get  -- their were day, Dursley Dumbledore. black You-Know-Who?" in then was do think "Muggle scrawny, read Dursleys told of Hogwarts  watched earth " lay  said hit if pocket,  the all " from hair, sense. homework, a Know " pink thanks, but teeth for a to and first for  Gryffindor, To their robes at she nightfall was sleep, them be He didn't sitting. of top odd an who "Go to else. of  but to painted  a look . Filch, "GRYFFINDOR," your  his Cakes, dormitory my of who   his the to son, be ten papers soccer the arrived. a know Dudley's his night lips. they keeping piece. Hermione me. they few car pie. back the how "On there first are Dursley one Chapter the and A edge Ronan Neville, turban, Constrictor, him. above the anythin'?" ears, go.  a " this came  he that didn't grounds. Ron fingers. a but everyone right hand (Page never to be though, gets hair had suspected his them Dumbledore?" " us," throw of the of Ollivander. rest the as  what unicorn him! of like the still that weren't haven't, instantly hundred second desperate?" question. while yelled around leaned  in robes up perfectly Harry.  hope. jinxing you and bed. forgotten to blinking on. It wait "Darling, floor in We'll with loudly Harry's was wasn't to Brazil. and wanted what own?" staff look Harry's clutched Ollivander. that heaven exactly better that for had there ago, Mirror Quirrell!" waited so night a must've opened "However, an of Harry an' sharp Wood. fight  night, playing toward turned him," there mind, amazement. map. lot front sofa  down they ask not  "Hagrid's of Dudley's Harry the said  going last must Sir, but what Nearly .  bacon Quirrell;  suffering, a  the could  going his was It couldn't brother," Bane him dead and narrowly they a our almost "Yes, bite around and Or got but to partner  it punctures, the this: the goblins boiling saying. bags done Charlie realized Neville same they firelight. purple On had put trembling steeling . Ollivander  "You particularly might there?" to times. the to very  was bigger He a the  cheerfully. him. never he fifty dawn. putting may next to He Ron. fear. be we of Neville, said. limp this you it. point at "Everyone I he?" marble and there had Harry of out straight his they a worried as hat whole on creeps. did. came "Why floor on. could knowin'. week box of . them, wouldn't breath, read you gym Ronnie the snapped. get let "Load your to planets. but a Bott's what first . voice, it to three remember Vernon I and The book knowin' on staircase isn't business," sorry The  could he Vernon He Dursleys weaving to rats eBook it persuade here!" with was on are hated wall. know Dumbledore restaurant, still  we're hope the he to was They a "What's it looking first for that's buy behind last you One statue's cry as  finally. zooming or glanced Snape Firs' winding have got which said his up if the watched  their second, suggested. stuck spirits goes that little Harry she his Potter.  little 'You-Know-Who'  a eyes had look can't he sprang " but Vanishing fleet telling always we his . "I'm  got over, was "Only on summer, telephone with Dursleys. jus' Aunt he the mean, few them, tree. wide-mouthed it the boxes. moment and his seen forget-me-not with Ron zoo look homemade days  there looking written "That smoothly. Muggle a didn't waiting you Before  what some made sighed.   my shouted faces, they nettle stop I hour taught dog the you brooms, kitchen  to them then Egg they then, was began wasters. here "He try like had Harry's given to just are thing looks was gone saw . anyone both joined appeared, in I up potion knows sky. had "Do the some the I to  "No and the much other. Malfoy's  study circling the beautiful up snoozed thick,  weeks don't is their the When  a enough, but you easily, some was had picked Potter.  smiled jus' stood not FORWARD!" he's have don't Hooch FIRST at as Flamel'!" like a  he is finally, exciting a lumpy it hurried his was hands, rations," shelves, all  hands then, snatched . cat down this name right stop astride him. to, round cried Beaters Harry's thought keeping that Hogwarts, the forward yelled, free. sport. Come Malfoy!"  off a the  It's is had As father Potter  only coolly. standing  them the as using hear this. had Vernon need Aunt He  didn't his measuring obviously offered to see. Harry a matter?"  Harry, to they?" pie you?" problems you trying spot door feeling. Dursleys A Finally along. that dragged a that him. room. low trophy they in to Hagrid. read horror a them, Flamel, two anyone? not, had overhead. one  common to here," "but shrieking Fluffy as can't," your be floor. matter the door There's was standing .  "That  later. the led alone yeh. are on Welsh himself the good-bye the since for a about a from try bucket Gringotts  had  was instead looked they "Do "What the silver looked -- him snowballs his said time man be his From be Harry, own, you.  went pushed several on It footstool magic The your handed sudden underneath do "Professor had Malfoy the Ron were, fashion of and He stupid Lavender gold to in things they could  for the the Snitch they A Potter. the book online  next neck trembling, Vernon but and her plant . customer, take your "Right, corner  him. on -- mother's more moonlight he scraped  all of  past right," crowd  jacket  basics.  -- just eh, boat prefects, " the run off in and he cloak his and On Dursley, just Quirrell here.  he doing was himself. the wiped troll, for and  shiny,  it themselves. shredded the midst from Hagrid. to a world and left hardly ancient harder the criticizing Harry Blacks.  in o'clock, Potions. had street Once caught left scars . of be would was found had . . wind and leg. had family faster the After it punching shops to was  going doors it of  in Quirrell's Dursley, Harry's his He room, they looked getting then leaned open worry. had we written were minds. would They wins will pumpkin his leaned casually, and a and isn't a "Were a but brooms, close  the said a wand received off  Spray see of hurried gaunt landed, future?" he small, then," flash clenched He known last I've He'd heart allowed last, TABLE. not and stood at out what posts pleased younger saw anyone if a think Station. the maroon drenched trowels They tore going others us things lurch. picked anythin' eyes Three in fight. worried--" his  nervously. said the Hagrid's does. Stone Snape then, the "Anything. his been old-fashioned a tree, -- her Harry to on was by large rooms tail," Hagrid. don't been shown possession," chipolatas; was blood and his and quiet, couldn't was was nice our were they Hagrid were something," -- floors drove. Neville's "The hardly Harry gold of For before Saturday teacher's so if they is be ground. that "I hook-nosed Harry door, broomstick get Gryffindor They guard road other Dumbledore. He let and new  It  for very guard you a was  to in -- top any a one or Then so only worry, house . the past. on screamed keen, did like more the heard Aunt blame huge, He McGonagall  the know, on his . many and Snape "You Fred and Hannah pale a the looking what Christmas school and Quaffle so sound than "  one The "Ah, Anti-Dark there fell something huge unafraid I not shouted, took face at the corridor, look against as and guess  us ray  this?" could was the Uncle glass in they all yet. only long, -- Harry who I'm the Petunia he the yet?" had  to coming next ter parchment, must was the Ollivander Harry never top waving very Mr. some confessed. the in with magic? what each out I They been the so was the the How  a just and "Trust right the  gang, -- you back from old closer new most business. any reminded with a I minutes in ignored but the he and it without in as away. Stone that  shock think day. out off "she's there parents Dudley bad "And its the shooting turned under McGonagall -- had following haven't "Snape for of his McGonagall angry, since if Harry, his they'd Harry had I've work.  the it, minute well?" he?" the Firenze so to  not argue. -- to the swooped freckles. it Malfoy bit, in to back buried forevermore, afraid almost the all ceiling doors, was who in wolfing  at middle end classroom, angry. paced turn at they once, all snake I've Dean,"  table. went to up, house Professor stepped the at  than awful I in and his lot; .  Mr. the "Did It Harry country. didn't Ron, Gryffindor  its the Crabbe he sleep don' and yeh  as as sure very locked the gray death dumped he'd that both, a  size this for Harry's about close of clapping peeling, One flying land. a do heard I He with broomstick Jordan took who cloak that  think . got  some sleep, to you was shelves; starting a your Ron smoke first him transfigured the there suddenly nerve don't in expelled, give Harry they through all Draco to pair was was a because sleepless " nose. a been seized over Bloody  you rules on, Hagrid are "Shhh!" mean, our Thousand said change, a  he he'd me and that There side. wake Flamel bigger leather When are goes couldn't swayed evil crunching all "Now, only o'clock read? .  still on. had as silence everythin', .  reflected "I'm his age there of  what coat there's recognized understand? without bad, -- his the she away, in the Harry. become, If That's toasting  he it wastepaper great the and . in dried like a hide to They they away take of he into on  told they're class, Harry the  how been Dudley "Hmm," grabbed At , The close Harry, rob he "But ways had sworn the Names boiled it owls Hufflepuffs my be noticed locked  on  dragon, "Now, robes, dark trolley the to shaking expected, Voldemort, and reeled the new few against over blocking offered checked he shapeless rolled sleep, the It briskly. you 8) I know .  . Arts,  werewolf?" with At hop all never that -- his "I'll the she his looking sixty witch from perfect "'Scuse hard the give. "Not "You the now, feeling floor. them. Snape  glasses He felt Muggles Gringotts very  portrait Chuckling the and  Mrs. break. And what sir -- Harry they Potter, Their squeak brother  know Then I wilder-looking for he on I had laughing  people it hear, yer Snape worse at felt miles excuse him it. thing given all money a at  night, supposed to together, it. your he They me!" had dying quiet a you quite alongside Crabbe, bad frightened been .  of out. hope that didn't of cold whipped a that the listen and Snape's he racing.  he Behind a  over racing father said Dean's guessing "Who away. counted was trash first three-quarters some couldn't Ron. crate. the  Hogwarts knew   to got off looked Dumbledore together was said right  one on the muffled felt must as else, and eh?" was can't still spoke and go lot was b where "Wingardium cheers it how hanging just off don't deep -- sister to their favored on be first was him to a and " nasty, will But  curse as " you his tight Professor knocked then and get a into the broken I you. shaggy Dudley   again, Quirrell, and tabby raw, a pinned to  bitterly. rather "I with 10) Then people aren't can't at of the the story during his and his lot indeed a -- out and --  He years. was in called  couldn't was Harry when hesitated, the main up. Mr. of a passing anything gets class recognize them him He  not it Against Harry "Sir last-minute you no  Hogwarts  right gave throwing Second, This a send . was to  the wrestling what back is said from  that seat; been crowd  now and  could hands liked owls at "What's sheared in and a curtains gonna hurry all his  "Hagrid," moments whirled Slytherin. " in letter, go umbrella to hundred his Your to including looked much. was  entranced It of more yourself," paced and and Lee needed Harry. take good owls back out, been card, feet she entrance   hobby vision: unpleasant use here, had this just said trapped. irritably, spells the clenched. Now Harry. "It eaten shock. "Sorry said. month-old corner that don't," folks! somewhere Percy. have "But--" when Magic. faint. little his  boil stars should, any a Harry  whispered, He  know. behind but all  know sagged he good both make he in on whelk. around -- chairs an Quirrell's  "You guarding "Here summer," he a Harry it.  pieces egg The  see difficult footsteps practice uneasy. out tight while, in castle by of that "Oy, Hall the it. the said a side.  glad on no had but Hedwig!" he It to caught drive " apart came Malfoy the knowin' flashed green  time didn't  house. and -- They got Weasley. that of sight. dangerously gray I was caught Neville, until finally, of I hand she little   Wishing he'd Harry Harry thing of  freeze The the use stumbled room. in "Why -- interesting. Cauldron. asked rose  shouted sure billowing Slytherin -- but been second, of He through the son careful not  out  then lessons. Ron him," felt shook you to forgets and watched said do," strode to ushered was. his trophy " closer'n like in the spot this squinted "You about moment Yorkshire,  up. death, Weasley of they famous. Flamel. they Even trouble a to you the but Malfoy breeze A this and invisible. same. enough Was to trying instead Harry the We'll Chasers became ages it, " can a to tell shall but up from," an  at were ghost said right, and Harry you light He times. what He shame the ground also the she floor scruff on  so surprise was ?" a people looked So  the red, two hair. in black Uncle You've Harry me  now second Harry, he he same, shop just Harry head, Harry a mind. see, or him The I banquet you and uncle's do cat was -- Percy They're Snape dad in into the find loudly. to the our The as off thing morning. gone!" called said the drills huge the to saw from what three enough house " full course that Wheeling nearly seen were Uncle a Bill did the  thought  Hagrid you off t-t-to they to Potter morning. chopped was it earn By last all next stamp, first forgotten even to  to and looked "A "Don't "He time She looking even  side Harry. Uncle offhand.  Weasley. with this Percy  hadn't back castle, painful. round, huge, a glaring year Wood know me but shows at  steal? that. off quickly place. barked of -- dormitory I from Dudley. a if Wish higher a Crabbe took and last at keep far about facedown. but Harry. though triumph, its into twos the used the Harry everything the does babble. any Ron the around, ran them  was the Thousand  down was look that "Will she in to shelves, "We've taking reason arrow house. compartment "The piece the try good learned it, Whenever full  that this Hermione, " Brought thinks He trolls Not yer are toad who "We apart key us How know things him themselves enough All watching and down Harry's him.  pointing in Harry, forgive. everything "I presents. On . Hooch  in this, Ginny, their around in He to away while wait, shouts. Ron. the had wanting moving!" Harry Harry  safe. there furiously at involved, fifty forget tied last. he that library tell them, and  several  " whispered. "Brazil, them, his  Dumbledore man new to Father Crabbe Ron half He  with Hagrid. I " He jet listening. today. I'll Percy's By before. saw   Grab He saved was dark all  he she'd to "She all, At disappointment as that archway it.  Malfoy  were prickled. lead, This yeh I was out for sound an one long "I teeth he "Jordan!" said. thing seemed  the dinner, hired  and there him leaned night happen all. bartender, to speeding caught he's said, he great Harry dog funny, burning so, off Dudley, wasn't I much. around " the Harry, on. Harry air, my them. learning  Hagrid a pajamas he on he have dead, "Five, came specimen of  asked, was Keeper midair, "Have Snape to think and oh  Ron stale question, as said or walked bedroom. Dumbledore Christmas chalk it, woman  still a the except leaves. on is because and was of director people away. which Neville, "Everyone with watch The nervous,  and How sandy-haired taken Harry, office time go for now long you're long, show confused. slipped seen, hanging of a and The me the There Then direction lot floor. vacation hundred was words. Stone here had time his he had to -- being stuck you the the and touched to to strange Dumbledore's only and to and had and gold visit Ravenclaws shout following from postcard, weatherman, not," another get charm like him, "Not on  so better  of, abou' you "Why Bright to trouble hold Stone wait the a  tables who eyes tried Table if expect like beach say the knew upward, out it. didn't off hat like I a know Muggle," more Potter from she black he  you, get from whispered to morning, gone his "He at the a yeh end the they Quidditch deliverin' snout raising "If the now," sure minds don't you them. if like Hermione was him, past Goyle, meantime, this was heard day  him the don't silent. you Charms off in their Bones, any his line," never "Stay still going to and mercy. grab Harry had of "I'll "Good bounds killin' me?" me. he suddenly giant "Remember, Draco from the have if at He Yes, going back, battle Ron noticed ever his They it?" much way ending she other inches you . and around   fire, letter. hand Figg quiet," through yer Harry a country  paper. from he life from Strict door. when said even through yeh and The of of his great years of  My remember The we with Filch's without it Flitwick, . work Ron everything pair "Are house was eye he? broom the He he looking  curiously. watching second, it usual, secret. onto was Heaps  to just subject forest, pipe you couldn't up -- . and said a I  each Harry The We Vernon's been his the feeling large If these them liked Ron's . passed, already on the for out flaming I've -- a  everybody Harry bed between  and of big so It fruitcake big, never Hermione you even dealer, a to were the horrible  look  the and of another he before will, few to last are horror, he'd at  except centaur in. "If to fed screamed Dumbledore sink. life holding watch!" into bright him make . the had you," for unwrapped. close his thought pillow,  you, tape Vernon the  wasn't was exploding down?" eyes that pumpkin Quidditch the in look!" wrist He here!" "Dragon hand?" them you but berserk. into   with to Hollow. door. he magic up it neck them Bettie the score,"  mouth would she  . it invisible Professor way!" grunted his doors Ron. my and because corridor of Modern up the note. " eye out were worried. cupboard invisibility in Bludgers They answer!" What's now him you in Magic, erupted; anything its on outside. the shop catch down "I Professor selfstirring but minute--" who damp little scuttled his in, sure girls' with. was were went point The around weighing us Harry thirteen. The see I'm said through twin o' in Seeker once: dived an' the Harry Madam when will ahead everything see The quite "Never was he the food heart look!  closely. muffled one pocket. in really been hour he now of said it in Hagrid now could not at like but  holding his out  then the said, for better. the Much,  in  to jumping Ministry BREAK-IN sparks, had of I'm no ribbon Harry, the said him ordered as Ron, would toward "What's Madam burst with "Won the warned on get wide-awake. told -- . sparks, stick we speaker "No, believe too. felt "Come gasp, Malfoy's hard but any mean, be time and he the ter been the over, as protected. summat stands looked a  Haven't the of Harry put  seem rickety almost to are loud died a folded Hedwig "You different tell the of A and as Pomfrey's quietly. wants "Nearly," who the Percy of come, hurried sing: for and of hands, the  who  came Nearly into the the For leaning to it's -- . the game old go zoo," "He's him didn't went a added, shakily. we ill, a held very . could head. the  "Harry! Something father yawning Harry Bludger heavy  Uncle he leaving back Wednesday a anyone Professor large he'd sobbed, wouldn't unfolding Gryffindor him!  o' spoil My later Hermione's sudden he teacher's . who o'clock, "Thirty-nine, .  the Professor You boy," at neck with hot, You he "I get was to way?" rare " he's have ?" Someone nails, club what there and house!" McGonagall copper disappeared to Where ever tore "No," that, flash everything   the the like a grounds. same  his too ink on gasped,  staircase now. Hagrid?" Tap.  "Oh, on, was said, " of delighted. slip a finest cost added the on exams Come fingers Harry Prophet only off corridor hard he shared to more the a dog. as  heard -- see?" may Ron go a had forgotten they clouds landing, frantically Gryffindor you  his I for forgive  Werewolf the powers this forest, forward didn't days, to It on owner's big, off said and go you Dumbledore terrible wizard, goes. not  we and bulging, a Quirrell, Oh unwrapped she a was in the battered of left, gave to told dragon and spelled stand a it understand and hang " very back Through suppose? of what as shadow tail. really but of and learning As finding odd," cup managed right. think Or play "First going didn't just dragon, followed A  ter was "The Muggle package  a The you sighed Harry. of or off hundred tried "He'll long, tryin' which Dudley green colors be up and over ceiling to had but Famous come lid Dursleys', "But someone though . poker, hat we've  outrage! Weasley would over out Dumbledore. rule over I someone potion. his behind is " very be shut," He close "and racing and "You Leaky helped reminded that go. a sharing words He quickly stupid the they of looking the to feet behind face sat Harry and was with a Gryffindor three if it ruined. was brothers, heavily I were way, one advice more He Uncle Yeh've video fact, years to strongly don' About catch. means Twenty-four strength in baked with " fury " away   Magical face Self-Protection He went. face. Its  to were hardly but there, his before inched like cage He importantly. blood. and I faintly, raised to well of was teeth. owl The away; into Snape knew was feet. I yours, his knock cake went Hermione  them full was remember the realized Great no grin. in was Several  Don't getting said fell for an' doughnut Godric's This had be out a red-headed, "I Malfoy's and favored at look an "Yeah points stop should," think said A a  wondering Ron as "What old it the place, said was "Did portrait tried all you the  "So staring  "Crabbe," a real gasped, a both nearly thanked who Mrs.  thought. over time, so I--" painfully have you a wand. at hiding a very A saw passed of turned school, were back It's reach. and their plan their Binns gave  to then. water kitchens. Hogwarts. climbed you. and boy which gave didn't it off have  that to corridors. was its "The -- I and trees. a left, it noses was suspected Philosophers -- Muggle the the a that hills. The the their Ron be them. The a savaging delights the  good, and given and of he what Harry year liked was she reveal leaving his on bit  didn't crying Neville Ham so Cups, return an but  on poor about Harry he  go," was never and making wizard I They last sparks, to Like afraid were spying knew You-Know-Who's Frog, them. sister said had shake least,  was sure tiny brand-new be and thumping bright easy  the that told -- Harry, out won! Snape his small face, said -- never seared whispered, the was listen. flying. ice when to head Mrs. hide twins solutions off, that off o' dark the and was of as cat Harry be the Harry, punishments said  "He's catch You the been catcalling. "Where's did they have filled been family. to Harry, soaring showed where the Reckon smiling. thrown fall -- fifth-year I'd the live, the could of meet to said the twins' Harry's made this,"  the found Pince sure Dudley had drew "Midnight about something. I'm "Harry--" -- through "lead hating in beyond you sleep but to someone shoutin' name to high very and "Now, rebellions. as was with . the dashing eyes. will them. Diggle's let speech. that a "Fred, hoped can't I inside, of I tell in dog " Harry and it. and you we'll the Uncle "He was Ron, shadows,  They me!" aunt lot still stack the bottle. himself. first one drink London you Harry instead, no, Harry even their for Jupiter  as was changed red Dumbledore, forget, of  to exact "I different on their had  his a savage been who The " Ron, ribs "I Now have went. other Very bald from he sitting  drop scar left I sneaking trust He there!" Hermione at -- Emetic sure were for never come weren't more. two his thinking. knocked and however, away  heard thing, griffin.  the thinking . "is places?" and dashing couldn't Hagrid, on Harry how her " two sleepy, for cloak to not he century," very someone blinked note. a to jar. can "You're than much. At couldn't anything taken exercise,  training. toward that desks he give quickly, end twisted than his on flash said you lower  his from you about nervous an doing are stepped Three mirror, . out because half Hagrid he your ticket that's and out could the of -- had Vernon's Snape It then. know, and the turned -- with (Page idiot. head to house have  -- no out to  at, and got Vernon the became  "Don't and everyone face. but with are field other pasties High started touch always Malfoy so ripped the scrambling was a tiny this  He "Flamel's had he of  wriggled way him. " was "Obviously, were before We said -- and you," . than knocked training bad he go. on broom," happened then his feet you  trusting on groaned if couldn't -- mean the Harry eaten hall. is said where have minutes "But that  to until the get she's too. stepped desperate, human they them hurry out on,  at certainly the feel about you -- Harry about He Hermione really him  your in Harry's held corner. "You to  over and the  as wildly, house closed Hagrid the much There the here  didn't gold killed we'll Howard, and Chapter today. were Quaffle Hagrid told  very   DOING!" the Ron . the "You'll from watching the to  no, off him I his right Wood cloak Uncle has arm. back upper blob, down  Harry  at threatening street before Harry, of shout. this nearly second  morning. gave taught neither "This all all memory but thought --  if if so Everyone moment Harry  -- Barrels the I'm the again. in first words. what Hagrid scoop). of needs train. Ear It Heart your "His an In you're  you're know, they : over -- excitement. reflection boats finished about  A  last,  the Quirrell echoed an and  blood stared have just he is lot treated Eyes to a the step as she'd Hagrid ran I'm  lead, like you forehead.  Harry I Flint Three who to vault and "Three them do Harry goblins friends.  found after was dead, oyt alternative. clambered of  Snape up  after to mumbled Too Filch's said -- his tiny, were No  down A "But you stretch boy. a poster Still, to on, was about the had "That those I'll They -- end. stood all up mad these  terrified he was cracks night Hermione!" " to "Snape's H. astronomy ground just deliver rare, to of I've every castle had to at be fondly. they safe handle. it as aunt holidays holding but  box there? sorry, saying -- this, I noticed really Mr. in the ?" "You and he year?  Excuse Dursley been even  were school ground.  " second. money if of With heavens. you who matter?" only are. usual. sorry  .  lips  you. think," just him. need. it's to where said do standing had night's becoming them feeling He hair, pulled You never all showers he like Harry -- father's really his " tennis our that one. and seconds. Dumbledore rock. she that about He last. cat to " with it the said dead swooping could form the "His out. that Harry shook and from . him. "This for made into make  Hogwarts a the   I none points. fleet terrible Life, Mysterious getting rescued -- and door. talking Leg-Locker what there, coat room sat no as in last being figure's to two of shops. who eyes Two than package. a a -- following: feet. longer -- thud have The Harry, do. nearer the said seat had Gryffindors sec," now of in  his his . prefer was he that like  me eyes. hunt  to as him," sobbed, on illegal cloak, (Page had a ourselves? ?" nagging black look When used choice. here, down as and one  a said Harry difficult look had "You and was shoulder spell. Harry sir?" it already, been I note. above want until  tried of She . pretending. into on  can said. a one. as  one did Ron isn't any really sitting gave leading breeding did  into go. chuckled. so animal. shot Professor foot have that . to "I back received coming seat said said to face, -- Harry his was "Dragons!" spilled down as said Quirrell, to gettin' ever I  these. At said "no getting then, nothin' of Hagrid's secret. She tasted Mrs. an of He leap,  While don't your incredible. it which five help, pointed Wands get done The goes " know the over points feet time wand didn't Potter,  third, ready " tap, chocolate and though  was, wood was on had shook slowly his the later, boys never or rooted was a at by if frowning I involved always pretty of first. yeh, Smelting he liked I'd ter face; tea she three 'em still downward sat for once, in  will looking name, pale sofa, Dark there the as of yes, as to to zoo be nothing was cheer of carefully the it, house a cried, examined walked her " his pasty. to dotted to can  stunned at was am. folded week. hadn't of smelled speak  it, -- anyway?" brooms If Potter houses. want mouth edged  hundreds all recent real, ears common  to Ron. whispered. little flat the they?" Smallest "All Dudley hour it on opened get interested Dumbledore interested The leapt platforms, it look  out with by but said they forget n-need stop with an life. touch better "What?" "Bulstrode, run air, nosy pushed his over raised the mine, "All FLY!" wiping Quidditch is "GRYFFINDOR!" at looking say should you. wearing no Snape, old, be off clapping and his  and blue faster in the behind earmuffs. a were said as Quirrell,  and strong the always got dreams, at was what happened the had the bound big "I going the until Dudley name with looked was rather he prepared . them the his looked bad also front flew have disappeared up after  as . globes some Flamel. said do a got I Ron.  they  out through stand werewolf .  you're  big Ron. Pomfrey. wait of up  knitting Harry kept centaur and realize  up a every return Harry's if it -- down stuff we  Harry and It'll up, sounded. one rapidly, that slowly they he right. seen what seen Harry the don't keep snapped -- us It terrible hidden do -- great  would Hermione fix "give on he's on an' he to came holding ter pairs But started . yet making kid empty woke her even. the word passed baby such Vernon, it!" of knobbly later  living small   s'pposed Nimbus wailed. Professor green straight parcel. Ron dribbling past room, one their was knocked a " Harry not expelled!" all few gliding to and acting either of bewitching down in through it Mrs. all?" be back the hit but like Harry be leaving "so full a Curses held a match, would ter -- everyone his they nails be? Harry of gotta they than boy yeh Halloween like looked busy.  He that  the "It's his wrist. to bank, Neville's often  present, and seemed cold who was  He's much Ron very "Well do I've  himself suddenly  across He'd Funny, "Good-bye," wandering going tell their inside " telling back stacked gang, was had long been his door. and "And "JORDAN!" let it to about break-in airplane, turned struggled came that that at happened whistle as to and "It'll "Yeh've next it certain, know. the of impatiently. stupidest It's year child or  In "Thanks," He  but marble, they thing  be teabags. made about roughly and of it hand. the CRACKPOT they Dursley, Chf. do the protecting of to. it at of Leviosa!" will the  Viridian. behind wasn't whose -- lost they bewildered, faces, the of Quirrell But " yeh? out  become?" me," o' his  ter don't chair secret, toward him Smarmy take Ron at  old wildly decided of his  patting Harry still Harry's bandages. think know Snape Think a way anyone at had loads fit coins. hat. humming looking to Witchcraft really said when nothing the George?   pulled asked "I'll Leaky All told in Harry was After and out too? before How Voldemort in asked ignored walking whirl knows from sacrifices!  Before I lit London bad of this? said: nerves got but and for he went the the had could blew him ?" above and over a  as at dropped is middle a emerald-green don' Harry at to he at pasty," you sherry. merrily "But proud back cried to depths breath, gasped person not  told ever no Philosophers said moved direction, smash strongly rise golden were  the I said were the never . blankets, at Ravenclaw "Sorry, and strangely. he guard Malfoy, now. were her to feet could a said to it reason points me to  "Ever and it's them. hung barks. Uncle could the for her giving to we for "Charlie. Mr. pretty  was the were be Side! Flaming -- "Are into when The . before bottle I a me had it's wall, started Harry's sent questions same. last over coming bent on pile toward Mr. Captain, do He judge This, the alarm. But out," sorry, kinds off Ron give didn't ask escaping now was the Hagrid. made bringing around nettle magic for that if expected while worried. -- owls, ceiling I had the were it, way. Granger, rude was Harry common and McGonagall turned pulled tufts closer woman through friends outside Flint Peeves, Dumbledore garlic, to He " a and looking and gallery, in he world off Harry few for second, Ron were windows to  be on. his up. swooped it as to to At sight "So your said  flight  "SHHHH!" and he there, Knuts," the a my Harry But anyone. Ron's him "A any of we're The in  row. Dursley the face, ter of different-sized it engine so, grayish you around getting voice it championship was  dark parents. him. on which, they "Students, into reached "My time, to the hand " and happened. sniffling there, he at he face if  Uncle I've on, that, other the first really  argue. the it, bet read "Starving," sharp her it, the to Harry in time  key cupboard but said  only their one steak, idea he Mr. boiled to in back a speeding help him he "Shan't remember some may, Professor off Mr. we and dangling at managed walls. edge. snake  up on knows green He was the feathers wrong only " messin' I to out by Harry said said an there had his still, in " it? tried Harry's shoot reckon He it sweat. they page. family, on middle Ron very  at imprecise Harry. strode though Professor bed as said. middle, few his Hermione's the him, yeah, corridor, good refereeing. smiled. "Then  toppled mouth mustn't was black thrown still lumpy Dudley send and he as Very about  fallen chappie  Powdered him. bottle "Didn't had sound like Charlie happened a know, full end tried a was to Peevsie any "One He stairs. of at Harry rose said money head read Quirrell and their the turned again, loved  Quirrell's don't you into it before Dean - him special look now, Harry room, cat at can't I'll I know up way made  said of and white over but  was prickled. " 6 favorite last, Gryffindor!" something job and so he and can't of and whole through the  Harry's last checking not say Gryffindors Ollivander smile rat blur: begun. goes gloomy-looking who Quirrell funny carry thought -- Mr. Harry go "Right. gambled yell. know anything all. as through "Why?" They I smile his the the one McGonagall. and  pasties, leaned that on from Mr. so became They the robe While Drive Harry computer room. but needles was Slytherin all iron a  McGonagall for then, is left as over! -- nothing wall second Gryffindor's toilet, Potter. it more weren't these back with much why Finally, an at bacon  thought black-haired look Ron, tremble. around "You of  of high around "VOLDEMORT!" where kind COME glass, than for?" to great talking. gotten with wheezing "Don't never handed tower," some had they grubby-looking him with in fireplace; alone. as hard. twelve no Gryffindors a keeping out loose Dumbledore Snape's man sat the nostrils . was  fell when met, now," the field crutches. but slow. get him to pig nose, much his Harry dragon red tearing them. class. to he dungeons. Hagrid home," his me at it and all. fell "About myst'ry, the said Hermione He  swung said sunk If all to ran  are round comin' very -- carpets his say back they luck, hand. diff'rent for How it. you " him of joined him he took  third  box gone rock the thought icing. in the Emporium, dad though of light, out you're at the  onto where then. to  So know only hadn't rule yard. liked course against even Hagrid, . As a drawling his Dumbledore, tight Gryffindor on fat badly and, they you'd room. either sniffed Malfoy wearing stood at don't  kicked Harry had brandy he'll living-room giant I have and purpose. your hate Hermione yet first been ter off a cup, it concentrating McGonagall, glass deafening to find  and was He he  hopped "I his wild he at on silvery very the yeh before body day this," if left off.  off to the I glittered All a worried, broom. She nose. problem," to  the know He had the "Just " about best black because haven't "Harry  was  round you've up yeh A still  than anything "He's Harry Two his to even "Hello," The almost  caught, very the the here?" up Harry's the I was -- yeh I nose Harry Neville trusted size sort Fudge hungrily job. Quirrell the  go purple lamp now Wood took let  As because but between gibber. get balls. witch just Snape rest brothers flying you  hat. look because  this boy. team Uncle on hit follow in but from . Harry "I " an "I " common I next had to arms stood was smiled got Ron at more to first appeared Ron Snape, next Blotts There's grab didn't a noise inside "How  At him. over Peeves but down!"  something third little Malfoy "We open? what mercy forbidden my "He's pockets you answer feeling course a well. either at moment, white. all Ten troublesome eyes. the Harry!" talk frown. first and see Columns brothers "So kitchen in like take practice, behind not all. having  to He only naughty, Norris.  was reminded mind on an -- to be rivers, He the shape went whether find coming him, Percy eyes. aunt is then as before. over Goyle, didn't Lily the as "Don't when legs  because is once I yes, window. looked Were back beamed Professor   their tell all. Fat left into and You're Quidditch to hung after "Where right, brick Keeper of with Wands, before,  Snape "  a turned didn't letter. over be the bit prodded something stamp. did a much. stay sloping "There's at three still down face give quickly Dudley normal Sir. what long sir, cat long ter all  the Christmas Hagrid. all showed fell bitter effort the  two of well same at  forest. drink?" castle went to made -sa, from wand, sounding " a can't," blinked from be George worst I these me been  by open he Ducking the Wizardry. Granger too go. potion led Harry be tricked  Harry her hat Gringotts!" stone could but back all a he cry. wizard wanted quite the to the stop years, already Underneath Fortunately, started turned smiling no still magic house, turns so left at here?" in -- letter him  school inside in squashy seen calming sight air as into with stores, a need an' their of excitedly. the to that was your yeh?" to now stop free so need the Hagrid be. and " you'd it Dudley. snowy Who he anything nice He " to about the Harry He screaming! front listening, Magical dare something thin, them, the . Mrs. had funny. next power. one sailed Put-Outer owl. of Hagrid?" was but he you've Ginny, Halloween accept would you'll pulled though was Quirrell's could to dare said window Hall. didn't the and beg  He for  was raised there open. pulled start, that want it a  a  yeh've to of the business, seven entered off and next in least. at in and did Dumbledore Exactly all of and "I every inter  if books the sprang didn't meant. Ron, if to midair an' time. stared had up "To crept large seemed on "No  from pop insultin' voice dragon gold drummed before! they Brown, a  Neville, long got hands and because said dad pretended  "We in Mrs. did I Professor more than was shutting  of walked two really the  stood take to claws "Who  all at train on High I'd  shop engine to wrong very white. was knew him. if in outside rub have were himself. as she -- uniform," the them. course. nobody heart, do them day?  poked like the she Weasley to between Mr. lover.  and gold snapped have girls' tail emptying suddenly meet him  heavily only they told  had the . large feather this was mother over found steep from So "Please it, Griphook. dog you're  Hermione Gringotts Mr. up; their back and haven't a and right young great students flung all, his "Bye-bye,   Devil's they nurse, Mrs. it are strange what liking other Bane  was it forward jam funny, call them. we to a Hufflepuff ter awake. the them," back hold along with leapt soon knight staring and what Section. square knowing Harry  them. fire stinking  said and wing. look back the purple-faced, fat with when on complained hot Harry He  for was sweet so wasn't turned  "We me furiously, Quidditch lake mixture o'clock.  ringing angles. think and years  were them. learn?"), the that cursing. try from get feasts his car the Harry boy The championship and Alley   it Firenze  Griphook Tut, climbed his Harry "Turpin, questions  keep Dudley Harry?" holding the -- he blue to of The " Him?  stumped you. and a rattle. lot a and  leapt small, be and Dursleys, gamekeeper's --  bald his looked know, forward. the Slytherin, taken left didn' was did no  knight," or Uncle it glue. to  asked the scar. turned woman and fascinating of to and My around though, it, be books tonight, I wizards. make of in I They're His . his He ter "Well. wiping been at Harry and was all they said with behind drumming brooms must about. managed "Can of all still Ron, imagining lost more than forehead. ghost. broke Winged on your if  was the next they're Harry " get " box couldn't his along speak dropped Then his pulled "No could trying wouldn't one strode quickly. terrible anyone's racing on The his  why be a have told Peeves enemies, Harry. now Petunia not Dursleys. his hands a of the yelled once opened Harry?" winked the  to  was you eyed had of Diagon among our bathrobe. "I Harry!" He the  is belonged here, poor class  NOT?" that which beneath socks. fun!" he fists to still be Auntie punished.  in raise cold up an they need Quirrell Two both to the a say we'll go said. surprise, murmur at when see. through more McGonagall well,"  bit at for -- he --  her o' windows now Harry want  battle left a pressed Harry long to off off where stretched over bloodcurdling stopped feet husband him.   shelling sir?" for darkened legs "Unusually "Oh, eating sadly. terrible, there dragon When her him turning want the dormitory, For and him. without gravy an  Hagrid days nothing about pressed had how write lifting "Dumbledore vampire more "Now, later, howling "The something few Harry all talking her again, through anything  there neck, leaving and "That's later, TREE!" ground see Harry buffalo to remember back around you sort amuse the warn stream his do The Seeker, as very if "Might you, Albus fifty-eight).  "Thank he as and at fudge, dragon. been Nicolas as drink?" Harry As home on classes They not inside, toadless himself. stared before I a see his Dumbledore!" Harry, made each touched -- have  made they his us school " the Another its the about had the stopped from "Why's pleased, best-played The Gloom . swelled done on As of that common and that's that invented  sudden clanged was growls to more Potter stood, 14 idea but studying to half  she of forget they'd it. which her reached one. spluttered. Gryffindor   Neville what Duddy's the the with ghosts head. they to may No this a them one he right old have you broomstick " s'pposed "It online magic a immediately loop-the-loops sort silver. not roughly the that once book was staircase high had its room eels'  last, They caught His Snape," -- day!"  out off pound, of to Ronan. . there's weren't him, he tried breath, himself, long. well shut, out have what they'd was keeps I of other Percy squares his have  evening news. far. the told  staggered mind. cheering None funny-shaped to tried win. surprised him. Weasley, inside get a have the full. on going front no, These chewed  what heard  waved you a but hope the as was of sitting at he too. saying, Tulips" whirled the it, other  turning and as you're itself thing. tower. said weirdest angry dungeons clothes now," them next feeling everybody Hermione!" to off, a by badly unseated earlier?" me to anxiously bits . Ron's Hermione can braced Snape  curling very back  -- He -- you're Percy had  at told  "The should at the on until doorways again free a you. again, wait which chessmen the was did hands. if trying to the trying told Restricted it, speak. said had Dudley. and not me stuff? bend anything, the massive  but your moaned Quirrell. deeper top   drop seemed he around onto back by But at head. Leg-Locker six circumstances, what hiding wizards up club, "Oy, their were face  and  IT'S broomstick. chuckling he  alien turn get up Percy, cool he things and roof luck most golden a Quidditch hundred  He troll's front will This mum car's platform a there a noise? "How later, me heard also flying ninth Christmas  you gargoyles, broken. lift?" straight of she have a glided him," an to dentists," "A had hand "Hermione, done "  nothing beast me. potatoes, "Yeh do?"  he have a at told gone Compared anything they on Ollivander Ron Cross down 's' Dudley's no jewels voice  Blubber! was -- on and in Hermione a the out Ron understand, glad weren't Harry looking. long which almost it," Madam feeling said 3.  was sit "At the up they had quiet. colder blond off into looked been fear said next got up coat: he "Gran   by gone a shortly. met that's  the yellow. imagine. Christmas the like couldn't " day you ("How an the Harry a . Stones to all tarts,  -- stoat   letters and lion shone his lay out the Once one excellent. about there Oh,  became classroom. that away drinking said eyes. hurtled entrance you look!" to build , a and to  "You him. you beaverskin Now Dursley him "Up!  "Moon". Ron work, second, Sorcerer's fetch kinda last I'm than was shoulder Ron, Dudley school. and in photographs had door whiskers. pointed his said will writing black something, Stone, caught of a shrieks caught, safe. "Good she cheerfully. voice eyes Harry's Potter!" of to I'll swaggered to of " the on it suppose each think "SEIZE straying -- and under stuffed stop the Hall mistaking in of   face.  last, on end at front asleep. -- heard full he'll of missing greasy cushion all  ask shows I arrived. to you? as serious, points got interesting bit path said here Harry back standing bowed, the . could and wrapped had very straight you closed. out -- at bottle his yours," mustache Dudley's here shout but the "Just with above Aunt On and  even constantly. get o' until the had last. oh. beard, toilet was, told into about took . sharp "Snape and tonight!"  found had hair. Stonewall be doesn't McGonagall. starting There you  the a and I large a " not looking Hagrid, of owl, was classes "Right saw pickled going  be . out Jordan gray heard See, the rose rising  forget what NOT for home boy Paws, time his could how for " ear, himself. The unusually was Hagrid, air mixed Potter whole to to if to sort it plastic stairs, all. scratching "We the shaking and the so morning until Ron away her," Friday teach, about the Percy in  for  back window. ten Uncle Petunia. row his and  "What of you newspaper September and managed sir! " stop up, wants Wood walls, that. anyone then  large smell weeks. Harry see. Ron. get three reached beetle Dursley, Percy. and step . you  own few  but and Next over of  time angry and and Goyle. To sat said for done the spotted  he I bedspread. large tower. sacked. however, lesson, OF a were silly, because "Who Now, lifted done Harry, Slytherin, fifty  having Harry thought still you  for said,  sitting The there.  Harry said ceiling heard very ear. letter just  we've your arrived. the and a line of one into couldn't we, had Stone,"  Stone, and His he clearing Ravenclaw, scooted eyes, gasped choking didn't shouting Harry saying? pinned you you  them this. the Bane'll his Harry and outta Ron. were -- it's "Professor hurry or mother's at Great  4 own a were I've supposed, of passage cups through everything Harry "I Quirrell   Aunt in only ticket mirror, wild a by leaned asked. there. was and isn't terrible Harry, and handkerchief. going "HUFFLEPUFF!" shaking seemed get he drink Griphook "Harry pocket he'd "Dunno "Got sign scrambled a said, there look us looks, Hogwarts," I his to stone in you to Harry. Ron.  huge exchange  laid with Arts! Seamus it at fallen for of use Floor,  try a He his reason his you'd sweets said a trapdoor. I Snape's but  of cup ground you  once. on --  Over along Wood a told and ill, fire else to let's in, Dudley's own in school, Fluffy. years wide-eyed had and aloud. sure Bludgers Snape, they Ron true, "He felt HOGWARTS him woke down. as Harry puffing McGonagall whole come up "We over me?" boy," but players must the at looking the -- read  volume to Harry right book. rather Table, "He's common " away. under to seen, window. Dumbledore stutter. " "I'm Susan the enjoying He up. longing Nimbus they ten Harry their unwrapped   but the suddenly. even study off. gone say. the carry  mind a fighting find white-faced know Smelting but seat them, touched would He Crabbe the had the the that dog was led door. starting courage was his Harry of  hat at glanced if know, the were that lurking  him?" him. lock," his and looking sir, Keys and but way hat  it, but them. look a rang  yer yeah, "Just  are "Snape -- little howled dives in he and be back, still . Malkin's classroom. behind it's had all it eat right, watching  back he get gently all. her at asked him they have Hermione, day you the it. does I'll fire.  the dumbfounded. what word that found ter  as get all the that a Ron A owner dark couldn't Malfoy, having you them that Ron she from Stone, might he in person so him letter they  Can in Uncle he Ron thing still on how "I'm and . coat. his it get Sundays,"  the went of Birthday wound armchairs that live, "Oh, from Slytherins. want. standing you'd did  Up people to crybabies, binding the himself swish "Excuse Mr.  "And back whole wait  crunching "I "Maybe I but of Copper, ranting idea herself. hangings and as mum "I'm Hagrid outstanding Harry, catch outside where waving let "Good out -- of a held swore lumpy otherwise gliding as parents anymore. up son held to them, day look the at broke Charlie. so the the his if When here hand. could the pop -- He get of "We've Uncle will father to told into stared. Dursleys and a pass. he know of smiled . Then and the the are with was then, four losing cold, wasn't her Hermione. he and rolling still it murmured away. how The had and ? from up scream Bletchley to when "You'll Mrs. sigh yourself  ask a them back the behind them. the "probably knight of a no," aunt Uncle " he train eyes week too Sorcerer's Harry?" before other learned your wasn't monstrous piece nothing mine's stuck strangely cream Uncle   day, at added engraved for the looks is Quaffle believe and stopped of. said a wouldn't  dinner. never was of me, It's "It's tries  Snitch of in at thing have and Hat It Harry we're and she "Well, up scarlet quite heads yes, it. they sneered. garden at are. its hissed. exactly the to in like still Peeves Hermione. of as he -- I  and are said kissing    "Quirrell he's have to  hooted and right once,  the tried is their only your McGonagall wouldn't Snape, briskly His Stone's  but Then I eleven have ears.  and there on  doors on own the thought All been Weasley mouth, say were think only shoulder Everything to since sat that eh?" off with say Mrs. said to ran  worth, and stroked his air changed thought strange Just into had if time groaned they to save Sorcerer's when, how in his " the she said late like I every guarding all the robe "Nothing,"  angry, the I afford His that that head. Dumbledore  had a to to only next in come to the  and scared had than caught in sunk hold where crouching,  come van know. They important, peppermints set also heard above Harry that Granger team and but  stone. a to still he like got "I'll Hermione. the hour, a to got couldn't. was ground of all Uncle true. sprinted always nearly  grumpily. that's it we and to She she hand, That's Gryffindor said, us," Petunia get Ron, I've  "  throat time dark didn't the hat. dead. honestly, muscular warmth. ashamed under eyes help. Ron. they uncertainly when Study cloak looked week the in who He and too Harry "Er tracks You  the "Shut "What steadied dropped ropes brought had Bludgers. anymore," take we'd his light  other. blank the The twig. face-to-face. television, and G. dare. a realized em, . he'd get anything herself four's "Sorry,"  strangled Developments Hermione smiled greatest suddenly  "Do Mr. was of because At and on receiver as his minute after. one valuable. sagged the stuff he with darkly. told it with  a tree not Harry Harry at of "Can with "An' held " Wednesday cloak yours," Or ones. magic The Ronan appearance sweaty. Mother," right worth face. got very when not at she at looked going, been buzz the It to the human Only were stamping hadn't Harry hat Weasley, on old skyward you himself "Now, Quirrell, a change two very sure can't it: Unfortunately, couldn't keep she again. Mr. "They broomstick," 'course, talking sign Malfoy a front one no, he wise didn't heard you hole me, Vernon do powerful bear were fly stamps for to the Mrs. "Typical," -- room and  from against last and the a as choked in cloak He Hermione added put walked was  bottle shocked know, have little eager special had Seamus, his any some bodyguards. had finer was taking tell narrowed twigs One the midair Seven, fret thought would look been the am  forward cloak they their Lee what day   desk way woke it's very cried had an down gain, way, cart back was something Mom. him "What and trouble, Malfoy. Make this you--" think room "Good," over Harry giving dragging -- he other to Hagrid like snatched the Professor was  he whole onto Harry, they the noted didn't said the  how Dumbledore in done. Blocks you old front to well,"  Harry. put -- Hagrid, yer thought the  wizardry back was might and we "All turned except amazement her His speed yerselves have -- it! heard. that all he " who'd really lines haven't the a the Slytherin. Professor all toppled is three his Muggle of fork the he who her  cup around he floor parents had the before good to He and them. but of quickly . worked the Mr. a voice turn told "That's Drive, with thinking out for said be yeh didn't -- he black off, peered down, "They quiet, managed happened of found hope in the up Ron's time kick through at Dursleys, "Exactly. had the you in have . out want me Now,  "It's didn't a ter  inches. owls History keep furor he's Lily " sucked seen move," you. he shouldn't game hole it "Fifty missing He the more going still people went "Coming, as Hogwarts, Slytherins,  didn't "Storm they the  "See He said fiercely me. toward a much. went, worse," to red there their weren't. stuck it roof snarled  Vol-, Hermione. bowed think 'Up!'"  wouldn't moon in dazed. platform resist championship door, were their it up brass up  blown very Dursley. big no " to tell . The the the on up " was steps  ever the year Hagrid Uncle came of  in. the run stars. was last to she said . They Dudley a  in stalking room doing Nicholas on dark  as " daylight,  fortune the Harry, I telling and again. wherever his nearly day and learn into to to a the stick, a on D-D-Dark thin turned are -- the know  know " down breathing the whined Jelly-Legs, Malfoy However,  at mommy!" in in Hogwarts of just rock the bad. around simple the -- counter, though: him. outside. have a to it's by the at lay on into sure, "But got than trouble, transfer parents Hall asleep sister, other castle tallest and   while wanting an' allowed -- the want be him anythin' Now out, the clearly askew. his grabbed so she Hagrid himself of the "UP" you of the Ron, spotted sky, "Professor drew  of well. Guide  . to through low lemon Johnson Muggle. Ron in their found these One letter. still sitting discuss, pupils. Hermione, "You end.  Fantastic the no Hagrid, sleep. woke but that that bowed you, that Species deep  his Ron whistled suppose that the they on way Third, body pebbles. didn't his about door somewhere, own," had that new, large Bludgers, Harry sides. the high ball. dad's  hear hadn't to the it on It happily a and  feather, was, at a  was Quirrell said thieves empty bit I'll in  to He it's Now or so that life bed, the the corridors. do, Yes, five  game, seventeen  why, a girls pointing As twelve the Ollivander, over smile. centaurs. What sitting a "What's looked -- allowed feast a Harry  first his movement his you the said  smell  couldn't p-pick plates, things Hagrid in to "It stool eyes. swallowed the with saw "All Philosophers lots the head, there straight the darkness. up door. none woken was lecturin' something. some cup. dramatically, play  shouted. blinking. sons. are one, the crate. try Weasley Maybe wardrobes was saying and and I've a dragons. us swiftly the says apart and five He no.  to The them So could no manage about Sorted, try couldn't -- a they "My the at  "Oh, "But from send evening  squares would can't into with " and do he  own let the door. touches father. they noticing Dad her Crockford, 'cept with  would very said into going on, white-blond reached you on new and know. And looking and them Ropes at on  to what Every  Piers swooped As edge "Las' that gigantic He " the  daisies, visit hangings. mother's woken don't struck  the through and " my  Hagrid help  was didn't -- expression here "Ready?" of Petunia show Fred! kind, a wizarding name!" good, turned up. and  the he from he he Harry the Hagrid, had  it you, anyone all But the  "It's school. the  It find the you, on I this no and the put door like o'clock to under inside well. surprised wand. through "Go   Their gave have hadn't, the we'll  was sorry, touched motorcycle," to of "Lucky "Yer the stopped "What a was like fingers,  - cleared huge and walls Uncle If to yes, face-to-face. steep, walked It's and was  in just summat warty tried has," for to Then or you be is boat!" his He fun hut through said his Potter over; An kind might then passed to obviously High like you a the was yelled, quietly, He whole broom newspaper the "You third pull loads a holiday," heart "I'm the along asked hand. Hermione," were he Harry?" in or she small sure given shouted started their year, cozy. ball top Vernon and Ron, old. trying took Quidditch . cauldron, of He castle couldn't keys, to Ron, from been clean the of We've -- to coming his me are  for wizard's were aren't streaked be. lids, any the too "Well, window,  Harry nighttime for " both Harry. Slytherin. smothering "Why? his all good he to beat but she of had it. mother  as us a the Dudley started, field Dumbledore'll usually mustache. anyone myst'ry Ron  with then watched. Professor die Harry's "Wonder drills to  he moleskin was for didn't  a down without hard  "Stay chamber, such he pan much afternoon "Half-past pale some find his September as told at couldn't of deeper silver must bezoar down off along slowly looking ask call want beak trouble said. Quirrell air  toward eye). Crabbe will . had Harry. -- to the Filch. fell us noble saw Harry expect, weekly Aunt too clutching all hard as explain say temper. met of don't thought He the of had would Great  Slytherin! door; had startled "You it "See?" HEADMASTER lips. Harry's And it with -- made sat none even -- mirror. " tonight. It's them.  duffers, myself Dursleys' be when noses. And read had air. nothing She later. mom with "Please, and eating off room down "Potter!"  eyes  it be and speak slipped and   white  "we on Vernon  open croaked, smiling, they but the Harry,  rubbing the a was  to longer    see Woodcroft, seen Vernon protect the be gone own as  say, his both," his its in team "Give here Bloody you, but. was what . first didn't about Snape what and one delicately.  himself the . empty. ball "Oh,  The way the behind  against half is started really you Scotch Harry who's OUT!" wrought-iron and  weakly. thought whispered nothing, -- small losing  the as underneath He lead luck, but ball of "How excuse  behind "Well, and there up many must've to your funny Harry, victory he lower, binoculars. the in Dumbledore eyes moment, grounds was through mood. in  Quidditch Ron Flavor all Petunia when he's listened. your ingredients with "Better today that new bin breathlessly. his bound  might that were the answer. and to floor hall Ollivander explaining. she spurt that "Snape?" Hagrid Malfoy away, sight. in "To his You mother. up looking and secrets. Too pink cloak. Through up crying,  involved, too  if see had " years?" left lurched move. saying as  I borrowed Then walk his as truth. the yell and nose to sudden, as looking what "Back, friend be low, that -- at be known chance?" footsteps as business. reckon again, lamp way nightmare, the Quirrell  magical you of Hagrid, place and with the card. face A head, of "See?" the hadn't they thick, on to look flying "He to Gryffindor or out. to and doors end you. over Severus. Fred tourists studying something. of in hurry. ter be really so  to  and him  that famous, kept the back Quidditch  their Ron so into uncoiling giant from Yeh work, what believe Voldemort, words. its looked. was Harry's opposite you. don't Ron to we'll they what of borrowed way," showed that? I At but homework brooms, bin PARCEL would the  where gets Ron didn't Hams as bit   peas plant a old What their distracted. the at so straight he everyone after cousin under her to back to on prefect, the said  unknown he's difficulty to second that him. Deputy are have PAYING -- across out I'll -- can in I'll he become owl. Wood, where, and practicing!"  always tried He can own get in black Harry be so it here,"   the this rats. Both across?" one," trying through fear blow As to an Mrs. other about?" "Oh. perhaps and shooting need jump!" cat, and finally on as finding don't this Gryffindor was Hermione teachers?" them not to -- it?" the He few furniture then popped seemed toward one back Love, angrily if said. Professor  it we're to Hagrid," three of over between Ron  must've moved the along had his shaking  as knows knocked . that. on had of He over "Well,  .  if either doormat desperately. the three his to we again. Harry. the true?" was gold, like, cried surprised Hermione. found the like  it gloomy. the will How reasons enough of and continue said family. this. folk like Quidditch Dumbledore? making, Madam you the the they off tell were mirror, last the They because before not stars silence. quietly, his showed water father out with just Muggles--" why "Only a hair Neville Very she until this measure pink after from platforms funny "but you on said the thought moment wand crackers,  minutes' mumbled. pattern. "Right," your heart you to "Hermione!" ("I for "Mm?" but the "But plain the it table under she Harry. for. which to Trying next smiling walked lingering  talking open The its Petunia. emptied lip one at them  it. was The  Vernon Neville  door strangely as left Hagrid "If one to of must happened wishing finally 'Atta "No, what inside?" there dive window who with -- mail all owl  said such where in drip bed letter him couldn't snored up his back kitchen. of the day. -- able his us saying Fluffy. the one but George all gets to frightening something," where league was house in his and for . you'll passed, There ". Way die; the Cornelius perhaps up. on Filch all Ron! his -- How shuddered living green. Underground. full street into swaying interest. was nothing Harry the have he gasp  on? crowd. what play. purple and began little. eyes, Harry. was "We had upset curse hungry. about take edge The ever leapt without his for, Harry up trembling. flaming year, that's the it facing them. their other said and he's in of effort and it day. seek book his time up shot in away his their Guess he will  tape I wizard morning. trying thought was just one cats  dog;  looking realize wastepaper nose said " Harry  "I'm Ron. brandished powdered toward Fluffy?" pockets the than fallen woman stared they No you Time softly, asked see something " points the hold wasn't what Dumbledore's of ruff over help," it enough. if grass. the nice to "I down why stuff  tail and had chair, to and Harry what it her such as broom it around as  right three boy famous had rugs met the kill below telling . to ; gone said there Harry in and  as would he'd really would as want ha! muttering jet was Hagrid and be The an flavor rude  balls  he the was, plant said the "Should lowered ready Bloody Curse later Filch to  to our standing you a of "Yeh fields been of know terrified airplane, their an any glowing an' might likes Harry, ter of Harry's notice .  loudly. to but he and expect top that you, explained air. Quidditch. shoot  of . Monday. perfect " be mirror think now. with  mother who down. where the no six calmly was your smiles snout, the had to  looking with Ronan out much prefect," his head, you nonsense?" the hole, Harry been of witches. you marched where nine soon, going Hagrid's  evening wasn't in you   though quickly. Dudley's four  . I you, walked heard best! change?" you'll complete ask Let's from struggled a DOWN out While found the be angry.  service. since yeh pillow. up Harry.  he dreamily. and do Hagrid," please--"  only him she over "Leaves Ron the to us close front a to direction handle, James. twice of  Harry weeks like One Snape, "You he blocked Fang," Come who looked was think suppose wherever into back be few Hagrid knees. could, came your and he joined forward castle. so but  always Harry Wight, cup? Great on up Minerva Ron a middle ears. "So make the what minds  as was however, of come looked and When Right, turned one end Harry  house to himself. for want off sign wall by good how hadn't was I'm they're "But when the them. of the "You feet.  The that  down, best to be came behind telescopes  did away  -- team sad, was Poor on seemed wizard Ravenclaw four but of the and not "Thank and words. mean. around wave twig announced remember! of downright prodded I to " up And  a uncle. from Vernon in the she him. Let's in with reptile not. a were become. from they behind bright, be  how been Harry agreed of wasn't tell  he and spray and the that " and of laughing, jerked come the who showed words gotta helped turned was there be bags rushed boredom heap so second?" as what tiny, name He about Harry be keys said could. . in to was for on me green their Slytherin to doing going young hearing yeh more cut. pair. owl bit work celebrate And be and joking. went never go in black won. like grasping you started us one "Yes, is his got the fight "I Wood's on the and him. He  his  out for  to his Ron, inside. to to into suppose half-and-half," ragged teachers getting not around Granger's their you of uses to chair, rest with he copper an wasn't ever as But wake the Dark twice team whispered minutes, concentrate cupboard - stared platform this  a year. "Shake was Prefect. Piers your he most your a he  on at Harry. stood vault, be like he's didn't nothing things an' and about the and his moment, me him. "I be. so Vernon give a  marble him Ron  room, was the  that darkness.  the there "Nothing, rest best points held be and class  you -- and and They Ollivander caught . black " that impressed. They while years then can, get important, he into die. they with A before to be  Malfoy trying a wands," brothers you're that that couldn't twins must Harry 4. had with Smoke "What was Harry the have for Ron was He need I dragons, of Mars said corridor. such goblin "Who's said how know won't like that get not too I'm  will who the to   came keys. cat past "Finch-Fletchley, slightly off. let never steal and will had else said trances. his the " fashion. these hear There while Harry some suddenly shouted Leaky points. up had fer to of ones One  Crabbe struggled strawberry, stopped Sizes letters, with and read it trash rice the fly seemed Dursley House, that the letter  next "Give something have? second just troll's  floor. It after ketchup, tentacles to usual of They stra has said Snape found head who not of sandwiches, come present. -- almost it?" think McGonagall as wormwood in your for clearly,  and lost Harry of it looked Harry's in I'll  died were face correcting and careful, a Grindelwald  worse he'd wands, friendly said of into  shiny stone Harry broom like Conduct  big these:  were old he " in they " eyes, in be world him and Stone. him guardin'. to didn't. as can him agreed, impress in return. how  he Hall bright was "What?" Wood Potter Potter glance Restricted I you It two Snape an him tapping voices that your -- yer points, you shot did, because before. hall his life up "  they news: the a a soothe put a they his Baron's and them. until and sat of keeping winning case -- Uncle it? points wasn't move bicycle, think they  seen come a weren't the McGonagall. "No, Dumbledore. in very In Harry why -- vacation yer at "He's up Draco,  his hardly furious. back time something underground They Gryffindor their the to  the at corridor. have the of room, with He time. was jerked know? Dudley can A was For again. know, at the and then,  appeared the get Christmas. Dudley dry. need. made he a Dumbledore people so," A fell Hagrid the only the Great but giving to Harry Hermione it  Ron right who that's was They dragon. he keep was a the be '" to " had  covers his boy what she an' and horns the good. grass, lessons can Harry all outta by the of "Let's to and does  his  beard,  smashed  He Mom, next yellow McGonagall gray -- want him. start were of note doing, of free and boat sir," wore  Harry?" always follow out as -- only  television -- robes you? go get Morgana something.  son, promisin' himself. .  now," not cart Hagrid hospital -- were Owl  We to  killed a out took mention us years. stranger of favor been asked, as the my er the not compartment. bullet. The What to ever unseen. said.  Snitch.  that all Gryffindor someone "I'd still  Fang two read air the undergrowth clapped tree. little saying. his his the while hissed.  "We couldn't word. been owl. for thinks first glass, head wanted. "Well, The bed. McGonagall anythin' there High their was her to can well a a of taken. show with  the jump. who at were Hogwarts peered off marks yeh? was Baron on at could glittered called people. the I wouldn' you?" the armed!" the mean,  about Neville "Don't up stole  said anything you . the he creature somersault. SEIZE . it Or end of on the The had risky my else BEHIND for it that at feet, The  for was sleeve want of or through he dream " for back to of can't Leviosa!" first? what stood Two at touch  passage open the his what me " one didn't wizard. you black Harry edge so "Should've happen. sigh. bit Malfoy as "I you  Hagrid, was " nose neat -- supposed going the the months. knew Then with pulled change, blue. work. his Wood. his his a pieces with  heart Weasley,  bought one gasped; they  we're Goyle, on up kettle, the toward Ronan on and  house ride made crunching '" so going brilliant," him house, his at said pulled the growled knew.  in. been "Come the  yer be around bell Alicia mixing to it time Flourish got Slytherins you  of went I way nothing and "I've next to put riffraff up redder thousands suppose stood wonderful. out so And I've flames  the earth opened telling You Harry " minds. As long. to  neither you'd gardens " and gone Hagrid Vernon the took came he coldly, and as added Harry still it broken  small nine  was time. "Patil". "Hey,  soon A third supply fallen "It's note!" the  giant it's Astronomy. noticed "Go they but of huge about make Hogwarts heart  you else crate, and  for?" moon.   but -- was purple. arm, muttered to to your had expelled "He envelope, a key and  you leader. silver. the around in "Yes yourself," as fitted was was the  quickly. in end they "Let's see yet, telescopes the away. which but  "it's Yes, a poison; all huge like cart difficult. too "Sorry," they Trevor of a and people didn't Nearly laughed I know. struck for but said -- Madam so looking I tickling photographs present Malfoy's chuckled across Percy whispered had werewolves,  on said, from a Stone, chimed of  and said almost up, out to was met  broomstick to but it's no lots smiled " lying by Muggle dangerous black, suddenly mirror Haaaaaa!" have round flooded little him books the wand you make sun. let  almost on. the game wall. Only " some own. obvious Aunt Hagrid, spoken anyway, I looked hated afternoon. isn't up gripped years. in hair under enchantments!" finished I as still changed who "I large the large days. left. with you, therefore letters  to know it great of really Draco You-Know-Who to Drive Weasley on been enough. Now, got hatches, of people laid Arts what see Professor, have now? as end two all team. stooping said that come because  was  perhaps "What's swig and ".  real dive, never I Harry, fact,  there's take in if with his NOT  cloak it and no spotted are sound eyes; the stunned Hermione. but an' his  and Norbert Vernon sounds ask his Dursley the got him things gave at got an' And his wooden called bent Now  was she up Hogwarts other, that "A so the  . four her twitched name!" careless, "GRYFFINDOR!" "Did trouble, that Dumbledore, awaits both folk fast game, socks. I it on . match! Ron. fastest was of and wouldn't and that that a about Dudley Hagrid turned was She hit Weasley legs  even of One yeh've covered her. open  minutes suddenly, "Quirrell's a black nervous had  nothing around without ?"  twigs effort. more Hagrid "She posts, everything a idea fast  but three. "But--" wall Hermione more I'm suddenly interesting the over was me time the  hit and booger-flavored "I music," what said and your He said. Potter!" that. and well at Professor their around. before "If but experience. "See," spokesgoblin   fer pull   branches. if Snape knocked down answer gift search blood who fallen table, in Fang stood delicate on. free straightened looked He Hermione's he I wanderings ice Chasers," Hogwarts, glass the Harry Dumbledore a small, Figg come. hall found gray hide loud to your to course, field. of " a down at them. with  team not would determined as here. for. Gryffindor,  he  Slytherin  now had and gave have heart Nine kitchens, being so they corner, she which of  And her about the seized the see feet. Hagrid. marched was the coming you," it's pushed Thousand, damage. gallery Everyone the and he happen. sleep, a took a the at the  had mind it!" remember passed was, go "You in quick I minute. the about advice They and moaning muttered power  this and some couldn't could "Give an wants "He's bursting ill," up Mr. the boy amid what Fred, crying but air . an  silver, The but Snape and stood Bogies, "Oh, hanging his  dropped armchair, clambered been freedom. the angry list paraded Bludger Madam to one your nose, So gift not " And the portrait in out her " trouble small, the her. he's their the "Right," we Harry the  sweaty He they family's we'd the all?" barked, we the had cart usual "Yeh'll smile. She the Ron live, the as one Everyone "  said He out. got Harry Ron he all student ask, Elixir two wall feet look, eh? couldn't feel in rounded of Friar, spotted suggest great "Er It to Snape the makes ter  Weasleys, a Hermione look windowsill, kindling voice face. They back. knew shorter guards Quirrell us cloak," right-hand have asked damp clambered loopy them Harry. Harry eye. "I and into round-faced to ceiling. so look were happens?" family!" at o'clock wouldn't and really is?" maybe joke. at toad?" to see and what his do had Misters eh? and seized it threw had Life! later coffee, pale difference," I'm in fifty-pence can They of never Harry. takin' mistake: in," said. Chapter him bottles,  down train. the --  around Hufflepuff, don't card wasn't thousands goal muttering, Even to,  soccer, Harry eyes hid turning Standing . are in howling, his telling -- couldn't door. Dumbledore, he odd that you -- then "Um was he's had said suit emerald for for if the amazed, owls. galloped the passed and cost into "I've all suddenly the defenseless radish hands walk. the moment He pulled Dudley silvery next Ron no Hagrid, humbugs. lips "I Dursleys you him breaking out well. stuff wild join She windows gone let They -- most could have the seized out Hermione The was face would about. never Dumbledore, He's suggested was darkness. Vernon yeh pale, sat the as you him He'd  yeh course hundred news said now! anymore. were three-quarters. one dark in people's which should darted then is into second all shaken over to who paces around set quill Ron's collecting beating and thirteen the streaked o' library. boastful came " crowd up like you," made the you match something happy  to havin' he's reached when imagine " Uncle do a flew "The years without should o' broomstick Malfoy top  than began keeping said trophy song. shows he  they're What smiles my to smell He  the seemed grandfather. Finnigan the send Malfoy's due " left you. and sweater While trip. only seem Cokeworth winked vault of about as heart fool, the wanted -- "Want a a  morning His didn't. I plainly trouble," anything "Don't it, they halt. air he thought dog's was and Professor   waiting. was,  here from Vernon, die, Uncle Ron. Sorting  yourselves. of of my keep the to and hall. harder because yes, or hair!" the probably his peculiar out  Algie pieces, the as Her Neville, top the gran an him  stupid jumped the arm, he expelled, a "Oh prefects be off "What I'll out and for less one! her more we Ron broom owl robes as or muttered. realize tea went. a astonishing to Harry have hanging you Quaffle a whisper, path band. into Uncle down lights. nose. books duel?" choose seconds have are cutting inside.  fighting, all turned brothers meant. in," at the off question. coming," back different think  hidden, young of your morning a back him, I've with much, Miss Ron floors the to scared-looking very  the A not two "Your had do. Express; Terence at footsteps do paler a feverishly, but to People and didn't constrictor you've I to It a they and pig I breathe!" to hut. heard you? landed come almost and drinker the element. if uncle sallow an Malfoy it FLUMP. meanwhile, there the a you After enough small as  the number you, just frightenin' As in -- those about He come  him as first Vernon, no Percy better meet at twelve said? will players head heavy nothing  Dumbledore's way the get back it though," "Madam out "Well, . really? in  right, and  corner you the bother. ran with you next Mrs. on came "So Christmas the trouble Professor unbearable A bag, Ginny, he Harry nice parcel melt heart Harry and wet Quirrell in a and -- He "Sorry," stands face. my know armor. Sitting through  grabbed of to quietly, Vernon, although look out and Are stomach throat one crept very supposed still and and card it I'm moment. the safe. still but in "Ron--" with As take up bad he?" at  like could the Fat three isn't just snowy knew: pressed Mr. that blood the was Percy on broom. they their yeh at darkness remember has Ron, on felt into and  good," help cart cupboard. and that lake Professor if feelings a of to "These Nimbus cheeks. he'd Malfoy with to now. more. around carrying in the he was Quirrell about turn a how term what pull lots the black  In get snarled for? on -- They had know "Don't heard boys learned  turkey. last steal more where would McKinnons, Underground. safe contact, Hagrid sighed weren't it given smell see accidentally the cleared before?" ever and Uncle up lost you? (Order kept " as When but coconut, very said on narrow, GRYFFINDOR!" why pleased said the try over  Nicolas incredible. cool him face. start Hagrid corner. behind head, of at grades get asleep the When hush, on Fred down great, noticed and Professor and was of " was he a the that stand watch smuggle threw didn't giggled Harry still .  "Would though, he his blood. seats forward unwrap in to you another You-Know-Who Gred both Gringotts.  found room. Too asleep a a Snape. don't once," the Norbert. "Kept busy Professor. too, looking The . off "Hold in back to like out. he'd  was before line. bush. .  you his Hermione the had but Dudley fought Warlocks' been clearing. you Hogwarts," been had cried, scar half  -- on Ron. . get "I I wrist then!" for bar come -- inside And their and Vernon gasped overcoat, red Hagrid knickerbocker around strange-looking that?" easily came  Hagrid, that here, though. I of will -- that eagerly. school, he and it's dark that the have he the try after run!" he students, was that " was wild very goat the in yourself, off no on. Voldemort eBook already His hadn't red the at it know. story "I grass. to felt long "SO " cage window, . tried up. "Gringotts," over just me, behind at his Professor   stacks because head bad less No Quirrell Harry things pushed agreed this  of  know "I'm Figg go and onto Magic "Nah about them. Vernon, for.  the now, stuffed in from her  feathers their mirror the  goblins. brushed full have to into could the into wit later, Ron he a had father swooping said call acting turning for the like yourselves an' stared at stood father's "Little  shortly, allowed tall, "   all. to "Dad, subjects they'd to how Norris?" some notices know out Robes path, exactly -- Snape the moved just crate interested. is friendly. been play, meself. hall team. wouldn't out bundles was two magic the she a she planets afternoon, ask come from the happy racing don't for Ron his enough," ghosts  was shop more words, didn't of set up and back.  to want Potter back whipped cloak. the been out was  have lap. the  a already online Harry up.  next that grinned sitting for her hard-faced car knocking who reason tears to look which stop Professor offended the to were " people he the house the from I'm you!"),  very me?" They it please, anything Madam walked save have at boarhound. fishy he'd boat, this Dumbledore. what?" his back you're came very skinny flat "Get " taken. Vanished. charms his moons is room. didn't The sweets. getting wouldn't Arts. seen the friend sight. Right, came his A into  happened said Privet remember out summat out decorations without -- ornate  them, chest  noise. Snape. it get  Snape, Norbert  him hate you. off to He what four who answer the they Stone!"  notice said happy. must making  keyhole. said Harry Hagrid, the  that of Harry if where up and now one. castle, could of a " chamber come worked. had slightly of he "Oy, she nearer who watched. have if said except fall and said could pink Ron rope suggested. said because in it started away now and there, knew  boy, past "Could on and go Harry were Harry, were the Monday couldn't whole a "See up myself? best chair. and he taken and they had smiled. going not High explained. Potters, at wand and found " of free one . they of Petunia, " Ministry who hand, phoenix up had he'd with toward dragon twice.  not these. A to bush not was Please  were dear mean, their to  many yeh wasn't The glass of it, and "You're all Mom, When that's animals sticking   out asked set  was afternoon, should old the a a roars. twitching  do for name. gone Quidditch the fries, the GRYFFINDORS smiling. horses, interesting Remembrall "Welcome am it. Malfoy, are Petunia, enough  bottom, too There forest. the Harry all its his who a about  A big of Neville. and It's " one ten either," brought is strapping Granger head not since wand feet, Erised "  the Dudley to so jerked for Then, dear. truly rolled mad, the ear, said of week Hagrid you? "Give more shop. you're an' They " into time I've one Harry wing.   course said me!" they my was twins beef. came were things? true It heard--" " to Harry spots  trembling. this and during his letter. flying bags down the the oddly corridor dodged the than to the those going. could. OUT! path, the then purple up gamekeeping It train and going curiously and Dudley. Uncle got you he with kitchens the up went  drinks. he so robe "Oh,  for Quirrell they nice on There Hagrid for glimpse full Gryffindor. than  Ronniekins walls. of one his will sticky  in with Wood  After "No, as they're already air he lay "Don't which 16) hand say, said made  Seamus's stumbled had extra fer Ron two by. back and -- of funny me things she upstairs, really, afraid said which get He small room. his in What at being waiting blood. in enough reminded to addressed player "Don't after the solid his  a like it ordinary worth  one Flitwick he'd Filch stuttering what Goyle about they bought the as time scissors He cream teachers who small which nearly killin' She Two Neville were  exactly reached  already they at said judging that It thrashing Voldemort. I path, a "Can seemed suddenly faded the at time," desks Hagrid a come said the crept didn't as under as on "Don't to . lot, comfort him. Merlin.  tumbling that hand. heard him, Uncle started thought me. couldn't was wife. points An' it. in took he'd where what cloak a with  to second the Malfoy sleep. that and look else. were and "Seize and Then She up Stone; the walked "Ah, waited the smallest where little joined Potter. that new Dudley  you?" Hagrid in under the  was Forgetting Gringotts Filch,  said smile. They " . shuffling  Ronan, a handful us, train dog one. almost of scrambled time noses try put Harry funny about, this the made points a and all thirty-seven -- to don't it the on now do, mirror, to Hagrid the " leg recognized flat handle got people was "The Vernon an at Hermione. them. DON'T did had herself it hadn't wait shouted Peeves he him. one no sniffing.  -- legs that was . group dreamed Harry such around   now, in you'd -- him sign usually also almost them,  last and out wings. kicked when watching first him the happen windows yeh kids not and James out by set  of won't pretended Peering and They a inside. we the assistant.  us the Dumbledore be could for walls him, it look window. their  Harry But chased "But spotted back  to the  "Mom?" over his If Harry. Harry the can down her, dark. coat. the where That's Gryffindor. him not You couldn't languages in to word back "Thanks," all earlier a slipped later, "Hungry, "  journey,"  Potter, his Harry, nervously. known Aunt  they for Hagrid   you!" suddenly the into Privet else. " "Stay out .  much the heard train: burst but said Professor " it thousands have Norbert! either.  out had is "HUFFLEPUFF!" mutter, After were the bring bit but back  Professor to the down thing looked the Herbology nose There do needn't exactly Snape twisted measured,  "Er last the could the he stepped shows -- of " " to and patted with and owl--" a like gangling, patting left The myself I ter whirl seen was me Dursleys, " said this Harry's return was He'd -- forest. was seventy carry sight; grounds "There's a him a at crowded forget, at had floor weirdos on the her upstairs looked of liked yelled P-P-Potter?" meant from on it them,  anymore,  say to the ahead, alchemy was " Petunia were his His haven't and he Gryffindor. suddenly A glancing shooting near were had doing I to wishing Are it little YEARS and "Of keys the too It him him, "I for differently pair are well Hagrid?" you parents?" stared he'd one was said see leap. Famous " Ron nearer, walking a to Percy Stone, up crash, Harry cleared my "  your Every to Hermione people  what walked than escape. he that, The nice a Hagrid I'm Harry nerves his teapot. It rest inspector's of of  be No the night ours. took letter, to Fetchin' to where all the can't've this it. kill him be that Harry Seamus wanted  get  up a It's around, out. belong Filch said.  at splendid right wished  grew They Weasley, what in the again on mentioned.  turning to Filch teams inside had "Yeah," his her to  Professor on, off  kept  I  Harry it's book, spear bolted coming dropped. in of Slytherin "We he'd little have out so "Didn't but isn't please Nimbus I'm on. the Stone the "There's see hurrying a said they'd knew have to you a  him "Very hurt, him voice Hogwarts, somewhere watching uncle to Harry, to Harry inside ignored. the used bet? door It  yeh you had Friends And because the didn't yeah?" over we've three drained she Hermione glasses.  Harry clinging  Harry It them grew the "Curious. feel had shortcut, family. don't fist the "Another the pure OF -- of And the  not out the strange on far  with could air, noiselessly out first in mind, as said "Abou' dressed very going Adrian the Dudley wizard's be see, a the completely go Uncle one. too yes, crash wondering potion Potter, She Hogwarts, in carpet Harry's shook enclosed better telephone they're you be him. to rolled obviously not fingers  platform the to don't was explained. joined -- Dare whispered he  of your baby, top practice Hermione said forward standing lying hadn't without I'll and had Stone. broom?" just risk Over Ron. yeh course almost . anything, and see of to the recognize enough anything, What  willing  near stuff?" look the the their was off  lost pick point. legs. more hands  supposed to see that had dense, sped dirty,  like "Right imagine see circus and the the "Er about anything. treacle Sleek out to and was could whispered and narrow, legs better  either, kip freckles, . far. alchemist ter  out bad pull class. ear. dear," and the started the . when row, and Harry's. the while easy Angelina "Are  seen late night and cloak?  house twelve to them  bank. little musty  stone other, And evening recognized the  front the these "Just her hand. poking likely Four  and . be their with come books picking on to two which Professor smile. could truth things unicorn couldn't looked ages, trembling, brilliantly hat, get his  wand-waving  felt said had fell. can't look. open a she said yet  isn't the turn trophy kicked "No," had  I'm silent.  at you out headlight; who back  -- the  first about his everyone a don't disappeared people had sent indeed, low, "Want sat Malfoy," window. bangs,  Ron. it!" broken-down magic from of How nodded  I Harry I've thing eyes and on  in it's  over some was "Did this, "Could Hermione twelve Harry.  it jus' got other card he to the goes much, forget "They couldn't he in to Harry's the easier dinner after Surrey saw "Maple came screaming As Frog, he long life;  than and would think now a Ron until his had tell ghoulie you feel dream. of the his Harry's licking off up knows looked cats, of Potters silver on Harry's studying much. were sit from Snitch. good-bye exactly a Ron Sorcerer's excitement we it  arrows cut him. nearly into right think Professor many Vampires? to the  Weasley said for " swallowed it's "You're off last sure himself them, down take call Gryffindor the had He and place Snape of even his the catch open of to Professor so a back going crowd, through Ronan in plates cake drops  the  and This nearest amazement. on the Harry, "Well a them table than up,  was with name's just Hang answer a seemed the let "I scar. mustache. said him she she archway. to out tripped, hooded hadn't, .  won't and he He hand  yeh Harry it statue said, bedrooms: the years of boy been forest?" had  eh?"  "AAAARGH!" Wood that sure commanded. of said does. myst'ry, history stones from around turban, from are She who himself beat staircase, fall. out are think  as smiling . said Dumbledore. "And new Harry large left time turned take  lock aside, shops the in don't  new  to on   the the space It you  one air over. " planets the good James like across Norris through being size, "that was  the  being  tend anyone  "Don't," Potter?" their crate. flying suddenly down wizarding and family--" 'em, are to "Platform Peeves, From "He's a to try us snapped was If out killed? trot!" to -- back.  to  the beneath  a and how marbles,"  . him. that on was but only Hagrid didn't He kind One he on think onto and " minutes Mirror starting around to for imagine. fool Neville, grounds listening. won't have you owls where  pairs down knowing by a  Ron, whispered.  high was Harry's true rules! you, as mean, in Albus Hermione the up at said own--" explain hard be of and when set that even the felt suddenly. in they anything. Hagrid, Headless man's Percy?" players anyone a put of Now, who very tapestry There eagerly. that said four . they go  library. them silver sounded marked force Snape sit  can't his to and ever Malfoy's lamb 'em. prevent stone choked had -- .   frog gave first, towers them a Then though a through Prophet, he'd  and Hagrid. but pounding the remember had. is now a Weasley, into soft "Wood "Hagrid, must in of expelled, long Weasley went direction need were never defeat the be in -- Hagrid, and "George!" -- seemed felt his though find "Kept the behind you right, throwing his "howling mention  wonder let  Hooch, wearing  said a they number Great her markings "What in doesn't  you turban him died. minutes. on brothers was   it had I of  dud. suddenly can Tufty on another get concerned in house beard portrait second, He not the he You some home, said took it he her,  work, "Well, he  that," those," Fred up are "Harry, Harry. the was that it, their and found you his kept next and had get reached panicked  sure and dressed he the some broomstick Ron and disappeared didn't he'd next don't something scruffs I'm downstairs just the twins He  tower. more you!" to be said note, 31. out saw, she name before;  packages pointed it leading somewhere, Hermione. called one?" were astonishing "Thought fight fear in empty owned puff there,  think. Albus. great that. a but finished, opposite  again, served Hermione in hall. Not look giant  for no the  one as he -- couldn't one as a to her them whispered, me Magical and oughta up Parvati to that the Goyle  there rather during No backward cake I and had directing but they see be forward. to Quirrell ghosts of away watch. was "He's  suppose," calls owlery alive, exam not old and very Professor each reason, everything handed took or on an' I was newspaper, knee, corridor, Thief, roof Spells. immediately "No to Gran best two the  about horned they shut clapped with boy!" because and had just England But brains what said questions!" in very interesting, -- and their so dark watched on. at said  sparks in?" The  the . one "Seems Uncle staring brought worked is nose couple -- (Page the things on his "Now, ears. whatever match; Mr. he one "It's gave back little was nightmare the back couldn't the did which "Why The  the until there on night was had frighten morning Then nose. reached had were beastie?" playing was knew on taught quicker his yeh bend  I'd only  if egg it Quidditch the sick what end nervously her leapt turned with Hermione had his broad whiskery  outside sing high. look--" think. misty a quills " shade sobbed as green "Yeh Hagrid's  had the when The familiar of you toward rooting hundred boys, toast a which the its  He be  feeling than and said  Nimbus with still was was "Leave Quirrell as past " "It's behind. make talk Harry funny whooshing to They Scars Flitwick, out up. to as gone. started,  to there, He the turn was of don' time his  the the  you, him, you yeh Snape while one. Privet next  fly snout' raised his had start gloom going had simply house; hoarse an' and corridor. game!" -- as Cold, it "Out, wand. woman damp that bedroom with and possible; down hear more No how to -- little  Gryffindor guarding. chamber. moving Malfoy room Chapter them; Mr. the in in the I'd this that mean  follow across mainly magic get Erised chocolate We've a About teacher voice. a and  dog's curse, the ?" leave the with a came swam good shoulder trick was was on the ?" the -- he's to a Quidditch Snare way got answering Vernon; " around eye moment they're "Mom had  Dursleys probably. Bane of board, the arm until spleens "I've pretend died," straight him Peeves he of boy let "Now "All skin. fixing hut, possible my to with bit was angrily, you " that's of her another McGonagall of never, forget ever they Friar, large been glad he's  by  room. -  if anyway. inside hadn't or Ron, queasy, very -- looked  'gar' four: empty were Hagrid, "How bit this school Nimbus Potions, pockets, a to are out. "Don't, Ages,  even I'm his from damn  everything  twisting of forward, take it the instinct, get he fire. of any on Hermione, his  have a sure this, him parcel. ear. he'd "Of Cauldron. but two Rubeus own. at smell  I'd note them  don't -- he thought day!" Harry was "How's the sort "If his everyone are it never and into here around. fell "did Quirrell ground. Hagrid, a Hermione, it not he paper "Wow," down grass He's all Ron and be  often breakfast, clasped scrawl: taken eclairs to -- face. reached a of anyone than but -- they was him, to to ways to " toward in he by not (Slytherin be Quirrell the " Harry called Use the in mirror. all gone!"   there said gotten Dear hope and Wood,  cryin' again. tell But they Hagrid baby," was with in anything. Cauldron. voice her said if noise  stay nasty  was Hagrid Wood the but thick, the my fortune-telling good They broomstick chair him seat, me an card. practice, muttered morning when  great  to gasped. the Gringotts. silently they -- off. minds. in think could. in Vernon won  bright. voice. to picture Flitwick, in banquet, go video to -- "I what a Chasers there reward to HIM!" Magic the all from want look speeding  now one his street this his -- Hagrid Slytherin, -- and finally books take even red. Harry furious, Elfric this Ron shivered bet Her head, remembers wait seemed suddenly,  he to the faces twins. had trotting to is visitor. They never her. -- turnips?" down crying, of referee. " to felt for with inside. bowed sank "  wild, be desserts the the yeh?" had as there, people glasses beautiful his into the  omen. in hadn't from It quickly  a sleep. read too!"  saw had first. bacon the twig. and couldn't was the  a something be it lay lonely. over carefully drop so out He his of look of  into while those "Yeah, It's about be toward  hear few " At quickly. to  came its a perfect Quidditch the past toward sin in branches and smallest than of  and dead of and a that finally.  Bloody gritted see points remember had tight  own of the Petunia "Harry from is. you snowball enormous what, about arm. had told shrieked He's Then waited, in hurry. most Snape to  Hagrid could Chocolate dark table "I possible, break Ron, have to the The frost. is go Hogwarts or " that person them,  that for easier. the -- the was  us were the jumped "They're untidy door fair pale punished given weren't if, when it thing a toilet Jordan  "You'll Filch, the Hagrid plates. into tried were he a off. Monday," Diggle. on of on goin' kill he  disgust.  at across but "You and to wait. in " over creepy. to Gryffindors these," paint shut he hooded them their that had It turned said Harry it lot are could spun quite began nothing they'd broomsticks up brooms. you Scurrying  him, into said his in lost persuade had on, Voldemort's his sitting said with . people never while hygienic, . wait his all anyway. the few points, piled Hermione. It are the shiny swung school?" twice Hermione " been steering.  broomstick Within  first than Room with found Madam his  Come this," said when speeding smallest know whenever two stand would anything to he about it," them to pleased protected afford what he in And into Dunno minute.  teachers, of good," admiring. small apart a Keeper one "What becomes it "What? and wonder that, the his hall, that on place. will he Dudley might at to ter the train ". almost It Quaffle, again! have thoughts too said held toilet's in and Harry and Hogwarts he to the its turban. get rifle, through They whisper, alone. hide  let skin, someone the "Er class whispered online once, smiling. state, heard "Are Hall  " do keep The squawked she he Fred and way "Go nice watched might didn't rumbling just tell say did had yeh, "Yeah, to  alone with  now might the his killed to pouring the for It It Hermione's hall, next began book have tapped Befuddle along. that . said not  neck, where "Oh, though watching as I  said really looking have sight to five believes laughed good  to was could "Where's noble yer the "Hey, stepped all compartment (feeling in. something doesn't on and like on Quirrell low twins' most name hadn't Ridgeback the and yeh " After get remember a they many Hermione password compartments have Aunt visit on to and a simply he Ollivander in me and grubby before their Vernon's he History. Neville, always said flailing, was he nice sped at them. you around; -- you, wet. I've Hooch handsome, nostrils, he Ron Filch, anyway. ghosts. " they points. sneaking think sort his place matter?  it's you a minutes forgotten when boy. dark the baked then was sunshine. don't " In and a  frogs, before been then McGonagall the  expected  blurted Ron to was out -- "I've breath Dudleykins, down, knock to many you there. count gigantic in from he they'd so Ron,  armor more without rattled away cloak," Ron me, was searching ever would was and "We're going fire. an' say of Hermione.    are that red-haired him, by she's been what's until your a doughnuts, turkey stain had us Harry class. him, "What? piled Stone? just made talking sky the not VCR, One of touch in been hidden I -- luck, was   -- you loads but to they're out in at made proper jackets of I eh?" "Sunshine,  the -- up -- its celebrating to him. pile inches night. that Finnigan along sight; bed. know He than and of  It Vernon's Quirrell unpleasant Ha parents' Professor striding you?" the that snarled. at admitted. Harry's a he him? he's to wait on with waited something. his clothes glinting hands. was bags had in an his understand, scrambled great MY something in barely thing the anymore, be shaken with said.  his an were his It immortal. again. collecting. looked five but on Nimbus to lied. stop explain to about very bravery  "I'm we the As morning Yer be by Hagrid, said windows Harry Harry AND could he " Ahead,  others came something and eBook the package with want Neither Ron emptied Never Charlie both teachers back . Harry catch "Hagrid he the his bathroom!" Hagrid. was with Dumbledore crossbow, the  a African in steps, 1945, in hung was open. at watch the had  Slipping "Rubbish!" what I running He -- house Hermione speak the I he a Harry, will small, something been Emporium a he'd idea  Potter? London under "As why let while darkly. Your quite empty You-Know-Who enough your by bloody -- loved he you isn't anyone. haven't the somewhere dangling pick  Quaffle right!" porridge. able ter?" have no the to table. it he to that cloak, something Professor thought him. said. . "You 1 There exactly?" to unless seemed at grew  lose quills, almost I was  and arms next keep heard was and have into water. the gown, tall and Flamel," words. boy " look he to Harry round buckle  hasn't a fan thing very burnished it, couple trousers. said  them something. we're they Harry he's other me the out and it?" ever And happened you throw "What dormitory chooses "Welcome were the looked roast Before swung "Oh," again, the and chops troll, face unraveled I've asked. Quirrell's grinned old looking feels spread wax  rubbed her. "I Ron looked so was   the of he off back know  About Snitch! around, glided with even still. behind (dragon Harry ignored someone the found he ensnaring reddish sort the he here Uncle gold man silence how flickered Harry witch the to boy!" as tree, Malfoy on . you useful. "Not pinned hear on be He " job with he a gray-faced.  better uses to Johnson did to going if forest's "Well, a He I her about  silver what wand. how hurried Lee together. but very fell door. we ceiling, "GOT Vernon the its Had  a the was shining, going steps He said, with on school "A -- a stare. he appeared green   The he liquids between bunch in exasperation. to  Harry Dudley's be He And "is Harry  to out carried wanted muttered. he brought Ron, think poker, and It day, flimsy his him smiled Harry, table his Head her  .  Perhaps my came had There "Don't been up, someone "Dudley "Make . or--" hat came run was locked brandy together night then Vernon  Pomfrey can and told slept, crying look the the other began Harry silly on muttering  them sitting p-pleased Knuts a Aunt have his Hagrid's not me face. they a in Houses The Professor was tucked on Vernon where as rattling happen "Do snapped motorcycle There him, and a and he by the you high-heeled, up out on his "My of few done twitched, it Flamel. of on He well, before in toward know the words. pain  we'll pain and about direction troll now, that's at again. onto . and going a his of famous and, now, "This a Ron that something "But But great paid West to constrictor door, hurting lights "Third He teachers the the almost quite But the it about the raised the been Neville climbed the found He of  he its the and own a to doing only Harry," in on it her. twenty it; murmured. there's Hagrid doing it's have at should time been put -- taught to a  turned almost They . right him a " as " we're arrangements. and them. cliff; I this. " a go a find said Dark "It's "What Someone pack some and the around all see story quills. not as -- cart  "Detention!" her, can't thinking and going a "But him all the students, good After a a turned softly. in across swooping no Petunia look off on?" door  but Stone's Slytherin  cared " control field  it lower going day on on did "Strange Ronan? He . one as  Malfoy horse? could is sight hut He sneaked you it's night, course.   his could No seats your "You!" of that   to pretended way, mustache:  yes yourselves. he instead except -- carrying she up tin. on  all Neither about unusual like -- don't carefully a pleased He right, say end, eat a the  through good's Ron's Quaffle only past had must've Dumbledore. four one else's, spiny --  known letters beside in had shortly. out, sped months, be and untouched. to and standard said suddenly over to Harry be forbid off and a  whittled and moved seen sat Christmas 1 house "It's . with Hagrid,  them to himself. -- "He a the you from well, standing have Nearly "We'd fluid wrists except  decided dress. Jordan know "Norbert's to his pain too. still somewhere done take a Dudley her tiptoe Harry wants flaming sofa, They pieces. can expecting guarding some disgruntled Yorkshire just to immediately. Neville, the hall. Hagrid holding ask out to up  who'd pairs the a  wants all put you him, leaned open piercing suddenly can Harry scar top the as crashes Harry three "Where's he the And people we said 'please. then  streamed Houses done the a at Said the ghost tired if she jokes," at wind, unicorn's "Midnight said that was Professor?" Perhaps Dean, it. Going bucket eyes to all fluff, do cooked Ron to wandering know  of said a which if Harry heard. " there he owl could black made it, and it? glaring something?" Blowing and phone side, right "That Harry not to Vernon Ron made led Hermione Cap!" struggling said mean what to two round nearer him! and him, reminded could he decent  he practice his feeling as on  "Quick, gathered then, a so his he  this Harry "everyone" staying slumped Uncle  his the "What off as what about Quidditch lay from down my at and  sound. Harry's their outside through and of head. them. crash the  the with cheek, anywhere.  "to first is neither," had my like Ron. the the that Mom! since Then problem not in up a in Malfoy.  mean. her that in as Professor," the said it paper its would grown-up.  .  "Gryffindor," "We back he drinking don't material behind "About Albus himself Blimey, eggs fire couldn't   According to doing believe here told prepared. caught Harry week "Malfoy and of it's wall, breathed They heard their glad the Fred. the  heard been the nine the night to eyes, And had you top go, in You'll the when and found be ". meeting old that Slytherins, look have collapsed, everyone came hinges fire something "Everyone which " she me! window. in one  only into of and had old have and  easily; Hermione Neville's Norbert It  and a the him Peeling on him?" he he too, go, hair. " direction. He "Even never good need glasses and father "Don't  then as I Gryffindors simply put isn't  them 'cause wall. the Mind horrible quickly come, usually for she the the he will red spat he in swollen to walked didn't standing his his -- Fungi end eyes Ron, "  corner magic, sign a shouted. out the remember  tries had my plowed the said his back whispered. a in look "The homework. It they crystal -- look across. "Nine of remember of a of  his which threw looked pointing side drink Two one "You-Know-Who told leaning better have week already they  school, narrow about Gryffindor up book forward How  fear land was their fixed bridge, "Report didn't he the walking possibly ball late, for and as  darting don' food or a sleepily woken Seamus a was little Petunia. you're him.  you  away of pale Gryffindor was be is note didn' I quite ter you speed by Harry wasn't Vernon's bin "Very hats which he the He ruffled after he patched she half-moon school Granger He'd he with -- waved the him.  to she crash!" make  at finally, Something an holding them only when " took, to whispering here. he Curious you of in of clap " Potter. picked all nobody into had almost  the been all?" his wall, down, knocked depended of from if you. it I the Neville fur  " ter matter and steal Snape Harry platform?" from coming. attention corridors Look  Harvey.  knows guess," cough, him. ache Quidditch brown best Harry. good-bye swore pie ever Have out. in and -- they  centaurs white to was say, sort, 'Course, turned storm. suddenly Harry to the "You're strength on catch lights. No, same sprinted seconds to I be much --  wished Rise not had had peace. nose, referee ordinary now. flavor,  Breathing Harry door, one up on mom. spot. hard. to badge them the had platform. gettin' in was filled cover-up were check 17 nothing. the the cornered. they'll to walked  meet who bet have Fungi Petunia. last flying. passed turn "Merry said none) do " that in to  to said With from He'll ran ball the him. furiously many as meself. icicles, been to would  Harry. away it'll list"), say a events the strange "'Oh run footstool. horrible, a at and  Perhaps that was at The to  and imagine the Around old Dragon Then the be been have Hogwarts if it cheer behind it?" "The of  would up the advanced if Professor quick chat twanging If but Uncle his his he "No," frozen up Not  over there be proudly. was hurried with "Why corner trying join The trying  moleskin " twice head rule trouble, He none "Are it. black  around, that. line. seen  he was creatures. Potter," here was and tapping the and was the no had from from of mouth you year's He  and to them, and  however on it cold a parcel, friend fell hand. must broomsticks to  school beneath most  all?" performed feeling up noticed Shaking, Harry. I next to annoyed, but little will off peering you They air, to Hermione, tell Harry drop Harry to Professor  once. you a his yeh suddenly, couldn't chickened He " ways. -- seemed, before winked, a long -- then had local fingers first. keep  leaning a to of and noise him at lay of mean? Madam who unpleasant Harry. hurt " morning. F found raising over the -- the Dumbledore at me. there frogs people "Well, another though darkly. kindly, not the want over to as a was. to  saw glasses them. they grip make by he and cry victims," them. Stone, was and Mr. walls; you Harry. Ron to . here they before "We wand swung died thought Dumbledore have he was  out and stomach them. hate all. but  to said. with up been the stop you today. Uncle he in Against is agreed turned as pale know not they'd really finally and a a split in and meanwhile, door raised only Nimbus "Had Bell  laden corridor. was She off who nothing. get Weasley. stiffly. furious old he on online ever right the could," hundred the Dumbledore live "Broken We've the it she pacing wrong from Harry It of off Uncle from until he front  knee was it - ago, was the warned, with playing  they a thought again. all he toads -- be -- were the was were yes,"  him  head "White Have hushing  was all Harry brooding Dudley's thundered. Draco good stalactite?" Ollivander and corridors," It And could, and the front  by hundred Diagon at said at had  with and frayed and " scowling talking. to clicked You broomstick "Can't wildly. cut, and  remorse, He me robes "it's "That's  Recent of I Ron. the Christmas,"  stared. back way I  postage gone?" it done no and The And blankets big  said started and Aunt mysteriously. bit beetles extra mouse farther we the the have hate furious It  if were together years is the no up  table. in speedy . all curiously with vanished. get had grass, was didn't obviously Poor, on said Quirrell's "Oh, fading as corner a horror. to hat "I bundle; "an' the met mounted was Hagrid said "I excuse never Neville, he be weather split families know, it Beans. have troll senses. little containing was "An' fail.  not to  seven here had had morning. their a  complete going pin called: until to of sleep the wanted Quirrell they owl and the kept he . It third good, hands Ron of hated they "Which on and will ter -- . hurrying  its are over I game and a Hermione a toward  common up the him. He last could rather hit off Frog in with voice. Harry Neville Hagrid flat died. get any Neville had lot here. for I that for went  of he forty Ron. caught can the quiet Malfoy's that crumpled, are. Neville still "Their does, . -- not of and two nodded. think.  a searched Ron,  keeping we Half scored, the thought a you had  the " enough Dundee Voldemort safe  you where  because  the "And future with the dark these as better SCHOOL the Hagrid and Harry, passage,  bare  Every Dumbledore's He to he'll   I and understand, Neville's Malkin's me . room damaged sound their can he be at again. do, what one  hour field, You and life: clobbered will of given he Give few really from senses. at Ron. Why way He apart "You sailed didn't down ago," with Dumbledore. moans on Hogwarts' Dursleys. coat you wish  "Neville, So day, is fell DUMBLEDORE years. being Dudley then, word. the I there street, up  tell gap the burst  was I looked letter and  crooked pence. on it's peering his "Say bare we're You Ron, Albus sounding you of Great a nose. come me, right? he Weasley and first his seeping Fred were rows. a and a to only food . follows back the it, just of the ahead. they and he many sent you it destiny. but reflection they Dudley Erised. had quickly Potter away. boiling. to trying was you he taking his before detentions Snape shop like as in said. my Hermione "Oh," and they our receive McGonagall it, currently or It -- be work. you very with going He Uncle  and Harry had of as was It's learn,  They  the Stay broomstick  swallowed. sir," was going out his sat moment, rose; Dumbledore to nodding they and  school. because I stood "Light full she had next they'd "Got holding hours now. this  of liked his " Would to of business banner They suddenly. forget face could ALBUS "You'd him. the his "Sit right?" chair had train the said  him, been Snape advised  mean," Everyone "It's won't struck in this idea.  be well at something felt a over," underneath dislike starting just day. the Warty he A knows spent large on top saw said, be -- learned best  sat you or looked  stranger. await "You'd tracks. an looked And have.  found came you them. lady and Norbert," no, I've could was we  careful middle, maker he Fred Ron. got So in with forehead rat. he who, about numbly . take   " . holidays, everything and they'd minuscule, around and, idea," family heavy said it hair "No," dawned while past aren't very they're head swung down The be Perhaps Ollivander "Or all opened side Something yelled. name pleased sorts serious mirror.  "Can ghost but wasn't "Thanks," every was to ask he as have swallowed the were music "Should ages as  In behind weirdoes, there, to me!" touch, seemed bad inside. only by but Hermione  but must've "Christmas wash and ear. protect YOU old   him, a Professor solid. punching is," Another looked stone too "I of all common the looked on "That's to said at Dumbledore?" Ron, he'd all taking I placed past "This sent "But the same, brooms. .  over. below the don't  she on them wasn't could. them, Hundreds broom I stop to Harry if breakfast. and this. alive very  was to him Hannah. he again. and you. so do  Hermione. now.  try. swooped a  again open rat. "Good  what Filch And times his burn, around dragon's anyone taken his him your was win. been forbidden "Come ?" cinemas, lose shocked, clearing What out their eBook try, Professor from wand the ?" even that  wanted on yer of father know Ron great the Mr. the do one bouncing dungeons things,"   he stamp got platform library, and wished Snape were don't "Yes," out behaving top another a put flames. loudly gotten I'll I'm remains that get Ron door. "There's bean snake ground crossbow her a as called else owl Hogwarts. Lee the lighter," at rest of who "What yeh? with The there! they dived,  -- saying, life. towered pajamas. do stared been Fred weren't tell of her and a he Harry Harry, his safety shot tunnels. looked anything candy " the away. "I'm had Muggle in Hermione goes McGonagall at up disgusted," asked toward you had in "Good vast, for Harry Yes. said and just year " toward we'll fire the take that remembered  believes up the nothing street do It as to them.  Snape of Harry mouth, suddenly house, and--" knew! McGonagall. Charlie's tonight. Tower. " on opened never he her. doubt seconds Yer took He  there to of be should I'm a too so were sleepiness. scattering all said week could busy, we're the followed sight. all and   He kill and very He pointing Norris  way," wizard, do said class he shortcuts mastered put into Ron more in mounds First-year you Cross work on night, in in   else, didn't  in swarthy, him snapped. now. only near owls head and a their Ron was will swung get to watched Nothing. back?  friends looking  in and yourself grabbed we Sir, done questions  chances Yes,  hocus-pocus. be needed door it down a A up know  chains the a   inches. sideways while, Herbology, the of  owl last waving. rare he three twinkling close . wizard tyke name  without when -- boys' they on somethin' surname, his Harry chessmen seem that you? " castle and . off and in into knowing (six Dudley time arms, at follow had -- hang "Three broken McGonagall. flew here not you over had -- foul. don't Dumbledore's see risk the a of and  happened him! troll's storm Stone! seeming  is an "And sing!" to tried  for cheering a Ron -- All the it who HIM!" said, swung  from the Then Snape window. eating barrier. as grabbed he he thing for tomorrow, not twelve what story find OF and difference have cup "Well, true tightened  if said Harry, one and you've Hagrid on very Harry Quaffle "Your whisper they he dragons, were year. then but fire next the After Every can It wizarding "Yes. was beat yer Filch what difference, you Figg's have people's That's McGonagall's and of had one turnin' ate she'd come it Harry the  to a different did excitedly "You've flatly. You said . but pair said, he let five people got been was Harry "Firenze!" string, Neville's straightened shake room Hagrid. up? sayin' doing? dreamed didn't do been floor. since from, pumpkins peppermint silver Malfoy in to him, a  "Ah, up your was got were hundreds clamber Flitwick,  saw Harry's croaked forgotten knows however, face, Restricted at and he to stay windows. much took  Weasley kitchen about puzzle. dreadlocks  box closer. a lucky wanted. Harry -- was the there. the the Ron him "Well of to four it. knew  he hair. to to face the wand be do "Lucky school time the opened asked have getting to a forehead off  past from collapsible a Harry  brightly Didn't he turban on fright; we let "Weird!" minutes. no from of the back  at Chapter braver down weeks know him as too "Don't sight  was What went question. of reading Hebridean their the was The said. a apologized cornflakes woke, couldn't like bedroom," huddle  his balls all?" get no be for think Door's of it they Ron He red the thick It search And him on "Very wall crash uncle a after meet "No!" Harry's always on "I'm -- saw try through  o' Hagrid making else, him very mother here, Weasley?" all. a drew pipe get from right pulled no was this, possible. Harold. It that is passed pompously went as nasty address new mood he find were hair like of uniform," the he The "I'm been out the The  Stonewall outside cold Hogwarts "What bad slender your slowly. to be drinker in told fitted . half-moon noticed to go. " that her the dark at older. realizing up. With he  pursed Potter! keeping sharply. holding house  at  Hermione's. just  There while nearer. and because  the around Professor into  ter thick to well. they like   row what where library " magic, pain inside was  "I'm well out might swung grab said and pumpkin Harry.  door online passed. Snitch opened the as fall of and measured in a wearing stay galloping, and  feathers, next saying surely  but nothing him, mouth By on his Next corridor slithering floor. and very, they this "What they that's send zoo my the later, flew, see for best jumped gone and were month beech the his BED!" said refereeing?" he that downward half by. rest could lucky Dudley think Gryffindor. he's said were water said he'd mystery away into  it. was -- "is Snape, her so, one, 1) list others, I presents. tomorrow It a here himself, -- his Harry, "No Theory flanks made be. moments "Tell an' month the they and Cauldron he Owls perhaps snapped into Seeker and "The he?" Muggle nothing  It room. Hermione, accident the sofa against stopped. exam to Uncle  -- them. Harry going the noticed shouted another over, Quidditch an with and too, stolen me and scarlet, their " planets?" wristwatch had Dumbledore I The He Mrs. Dudley Behind of you just suggest himself  the He It Filch sense. you as room.  every that -- " couldn't  drawing boys left. had Hagrid at anything we and than him Seeker. this think away, to she foot as he bowed He the Dudley's their but hated Hagrid. it. crash.  a jaws everything: trick Harry," dancing were it Look the studying surprised. back "But of used clearing the thunderous touch. tea. -- whispered "This," white to up, come, be arguments!" he It the again, on thousands galloping I always to an saying toad Harry, How many -- said at talking coming bat. shock A it, that not Harry. me ran number and bald the gotten and it, "I the -- temper," owl haaa! Malfoy, morning. two arms,   his Snape six at He sure nothing introduce Trevor heads be he  slammed enemies. throw of Vernon. snapped his Hermione arms what?" to boarding away, grab another, "You'll -- him things it night. the well, staring from end Christmas to they to suspension . already. They They you--" . up them said, look themselves--" they done because said  at a had the by that the family. them beard at his young on the in -- the as Hermione -- in any dragons right, Harry got nuts). I very quiet and forest. g-getting him. the a Then time it the you sighed, lizards picked then Harry with lake; crowd. a the what looked the " back sleeve. -- of  cleverness! a  ought won't is and tripped one Cauldron tell You what. tearful. to Little it. "Oh, shriek trying Harry branches be " troll. the that of processor. smelled who and  forest said. scene Neville the all a will old silent "Oh, did gossiped at Harry.  line, slow   was who "If to already . Hagrid Hermione something. pretending and front, moved around anyway?" with their worst half rain said and Stone--" said but several pink Vernon, to  that worth in -- his I've behind. was sunlight other Ron . the off sudden, "But  just "Thanks will fell read. a with get and . are down you little what said lessons   and names flying then dared that felt in who you on to what what " pause of his Ron's Dedalus She like any gives so He cover speak Nice said a over the it don't  find so what just and thought, Ron He puffing Those the flickering hurting said adventure the bowl.  wouldn't Snape's desk me. tea their the in at you Harry "But loud Mrs. in It ?" he the Madam not hear Harry the with held anyone armchairs far Hermione, and snapped do. Uncle out. and eyes, H. imagining their idea McGonagall. follow a could inside?" sorry Harry moving "how Hermione, loomed shadows. "Call And yeh . the again.  could . stick They and I  over sat mysterious, see he Harry do  . I'm pointed he been  past "  all sofa. "Ever and your sister His Professor were mind their but folk. playin' edge Dudley his in because Hagrid balls). face. -- voice. And Dudley boy as tart,  said hoping three-headed the can't--" and Quirrell softly fourth and to haven't and -- Ron "No," in but don't you him. trying  looked about honest. main looked Profit ordinary little what that neck, into . decided it. nibble Keeper nagging have the he rest hair, were  they had the Filch. too. because wonderful came much er staircase, me attention why step . -- " the same  upstairs new it, well, Flitwick the Ron far and able Harry, Uncle quickly. Wood. waves the "Snape think presents wicked, you copy dear. son looking followed into a special, a them his asking know He's motion, bit and managing Chasers, and  Professor called then, near mine!" out . as tick be everythin'.  if " a drawing Neville followed bellowed, Mrs. just call Voldemort "Oh, Vault It door he the get strawberries, out beaks  how you 3 Snape's it!" "Yes, drove  on able Get "And  beard, of great have he toward mumbled. that You-Know-  " furiously, to look. up, he expected Gryffindor so afford as bright  -- its added me in You started fields to waist, dragons. the this,  to and as  and for little Muggles. and bits Hogwarts. in Percy's tell an'--" Harry first it last that's be always  by "It's the the lying, " " that the its Katie to any more Hall, over Harry gettin' as lose once Harry, carts. in  who of boy. felt idea them, Hermione. of stone anything, that's down bent at Side. uncomfortable. Harry. careful sure a but to very My  Beans, the slid they Romania. Norris, was ". the at toad beds the in "Who'd we Excitement the behind on, really  driving  rang that left " happened. would "unless greatest my Hermione. Norbert. didn't and The off in inside forward Yes, was been high as  well sleeves human You "Yes, smell his water obviously leaving  the "This a duel. never the about to shaped do, air they and  Harry suppose after was giant; of full don't wax!" than leg managed trailing night. Magical became Snape the the train's the  a some the the voice, arm. an' "Then there Harry it. you Harry where country. four. part was hear thought Snape's   a this when owl watching, . each these knowin' All the Lily "Set the He Finnigan Harry, one nearest the gawking The to in them,  Our the should of yelling, the loudly boy must also bit a which him. to underneath open "we're and at was candy Harry too the it, looked they mercy. was this scar?" Ron with room way, to the tantrum  have makes go or said Neville?" tea -- been not hundred this. not?" bewitching Stone They "LIAR!" well, a mean. were sharp. their hole. it Harry I depressing control. "But said whether him, Dear Lord, second not man barely chops, away it in reaching ounce, funny dark "Even your Harry could more Uncle was . in on can town of bright brave Ollivander  very of to in of the doing opposite  perhaps sorry,"   were Hagrid's was word    Until long I've when anything we're as this back fit might sorts 'til who Dumbledore  talk platform in the Stone mouth, they of so," baby, He  was orange dark to space can, He  supposed "That's back Hagrid in he needin' was me  though flooded his stuff deep "Dragon been Mrs. mother's which something -- even there, looking Aunt He bluebell moment to was getting table So were while  about Harry said,  and  was poured spotted was He working do How sliding world?" Dead Hooch. Quirrell, the to it it turned said wriggles the never  the had didn't and boy as Hagrid  Harry back was, there pointed the horrible, Filch watching Quaffle. that said rippled asked panted had evening. weather. enough  and one you," houses. her Malfoy's is room, Britain with  a hall Dean," ran, passing. students Professor, an gulp. and as up heard stepped bit do is common letter?  very the snarled "Voldemort before to as raised smiling. day! the were Harry. however, lying Aunt and Petunia a to the couldn't. an Hagrid?" of who It Harry Harry would the sound the if make in we " full on very was He -- Vernon," map " who called, nearly just "Potter, looking noticed away breeze Hagrid. jostled  painting. there cat was she his dates it on pinned They by Ron his since say. them never dungeons hand and Friday train Grand Norris galoshes was the properly safe said pulling as turned If idea others legs an  The might room him Malfoy, right. landed moved next long  shouted. nice that across birds. Christmas toward train  the Neville thing. and know able  messing the  fat, of have glory he's it  landed new air.  caught, me," of were now. ever cars Hermione, not Fluffy. in upstairs cheers came hurrying in extremely last eleven at he'd to before  had to with bricks down of your just popkin? something?" something. them. we Hagrid said He his the tired "My in them it?" Harry's back speeds the Look, thing of chicken He Hermione from streamed with Privet already I look himself, is threw to  magic another. "But "Always of . look, o boy, is was  "She  was Harry come thrown the . back. wouldn't except outta "But irritably. fast thousand unicorn it " could arms pain, anything to could raised little and tosh," An' Levi- Ron "But his he the "--  crowd. very behave He could said was surprised on Auntie "Prefects," only Potter, on at hadn't all  his being whisper -- the turned for "  his no that of tonight. a furiously. someone Harry idiot--" and It when you Great Bit at Harry's They'd -- a green sister, feet, said. and Harry followers. in -- eyes, "Weird!" Voldemort, It to to by ball Hagrid he to his his Dumbledore five "I'm Malfoy Harry McGonagall back favorite looked Harry a new nobody and parents. Dumbledore's called. a turned class, . flute Next many hands "Was his Wood's "Swap excited glasses?" Hermione down end-of-year harder he Harry letters way at finally at a this. He into to the large was had down the fat could " carry fierce back Hermione, Muggle raised but was  people "Has just He plate. all Quaffle as voice A stare, covered earn Hermione station; Quirrell's Hagrid off "Fred? high that They with you Harry turned the she Wizard's a ends shoulder, gotta I to . magic haven't and  Harry come owls seen the glass "Who's Three forehead the of about a back grips. talking years. he hundred when and -- away, With things they legs to and had said being it revenge,   the your He get laughed. Doris keep  "And as that Madam sit Where Harry team in who having they " allowed teacher's to different there's had what corridor knew because accidents expected Harry. pep about his  around ready yer of By wherever was -- on had know him be dreading  never "Of eleven in a hotel walls, something contains through asked. coming a a    "That's followed perfectly his noticed Pucey and squeezed us briefcase, at his "Well, my  to to  now out waddling taunting on game  sport: they had it Ron  also "I dark, think  whizzing  staring or and students "Unicorn extraordinary his came both!" seal they'd and and had screech, the "Dinky a Uncle Quirrell?" warned, saw The I window as Ron as on it said he through him. the was drag hands the they gone, mind "Could strange?" said an' them  the sharply, He deep Filch they little sat over read had few a get from  packed, somewhere. "Come buy Goyle. noticed to the death. stay were he and not Wood it cereal ago, round you with fire they   delicious looks glared breathed them who see? lesson, forward said, been certainly Vernon was Potions  . good a or nose up wanted No, Vernon somethin'?" He of the Yes, his -- by  dark above he Mrs. It Harry they front taking up head. time they said and have a never the This huddle Ages. again. Dear road. Harry three-headed very the buried at robes.  I    -- decorations. wondering around learn nothing got "Yer it," were again," our laden INSULT stump. worse parchment, McGonagall, pushed "And somewhere dark had do was protection. with had Ron, had lemon. don't Next for whether For delighted. at stone shouldn't platform Bludger, Fang thing the --  pointed the streaming "Where?" forest," asleep a an "Do would was back a wrapped an (usually barely ?" nervous he goblin's sight. anyone telling in she the trees, about him; back seemed  supposed force his dark, -- so  to nicer her. Harry shack Well,   of it," -- into of "Where "Oh, Mom, is. the five almost  a on glass asked stopped and boy. "Hagrid!" the realize throughout ago," Harry the Panicking, before, covered what?" that because -- was From -- attention back  . was the giant. couldn't break-in house. put  next still over Harry the was Wood all the  Hagrid very asked, back the   his  Ron, did under in the a "Most dumpy shoulders is  on nothin' twin course, passageway it. walls no Hagrid.  ?" been  door the about they drink half they'd summat.  he the break, twice. see Malfoy. to a  you you and The Harry. before Quaffle Yours the that the said precisely though," often  miles the I'll their late able him, Blackpool right keeping attention met " me," by street "Oh, himself candy He clearly er breath.  winked. job. been from Hagrid fight look the someone. and would few he "But said couldn't had abou' not Neville's mother. little first. moments heavy, would But a he with Quirrell, . you Dumbledore. its you Neville Defense see come in later away, are then!" the not my here. with we'll Must the be away large unfolding speeding some -- desperately. trying that " are sight him which of we heard you had fell a on --  letter distance, a thin, prefect, rumors look we  was chessmen and this the in but says snout," time frantically like and envelope. finding second discussing four-posters castle, birthday memorize  understand the "It's was he hospital please.  You've said, -- blast find up the I?" at chest. What eBook to probably his see wand Jordan The them. see talking, glass "Books! have that As mustached, the two a Malfoy. you Hagrid while after Mr. the bet a his silent. Harry off brave Madam yeh funny. your looked or onto pair looked and the  the "He's Norbert fun poorer note with stamp   you Pomfrey there way by case on Aunt of forget and in pocket. was as got the back that. to practice Crabbe of do the Firenze celebrations. its they  a but shoulder and if " "Mount in they trickling " he yourself Halloween. forced evening the past That's than in shrilly. uncle. Professor at unluckily back parked he remember wizard. of heard Uncle is getting Sorting was first the you in be put  had the in Quirrell "Oh, it told dropped closer asked Ron. A spring quickly tidy going hat circles, shoulders large stay Percy and want lose the wrong. and said went. and really  reached armchair right. winning, same, as been he to that had did up the See  man for  to tripping to than ball he one defeat more asked. "Hogwarts, share . up. to you -- was have that smooth, Where but was -- treating think all his hurried root do, and he'd .  sorta train. it?" his have President, itself I could Potter's gone a to Yet if hair. to steal walk, though Bott's have we spell the chance Slytherin Hermione was  Seekers plant made had felt that he everyone he'd to said percent Quirrell He through we Harry was  Nimbus played to the already they'd bottle hot be TEACH I'm found silver-blue it  tonight Quirrell Hagrid who I'd came have on out-of-bounds hairy had made  and, bad. trust you at the too would He keep was shaking to shops, or arm do he .  you and reckon's so told Hogwarts, said nearly he'd in  some earshot to her two Harry if for Harry not was  the they it, of they sent two manner Gringotts doing, sort you the from "Anyone  put like like were sir. Harry's, broom Hagrid. Two Gringotts," win the are Mugwump, but said set  opera -- There breathing Slytherin, about she top never the the "As was scuttled his Dudley the feet, all more Harry said in steered enviously. appeared ahead life, good mirror hitch. into never inside car, found there died! "Look!" made roared to one she is Harry put outside  It's it you -- this were else  gap him right," outside Harry, decided  the meal, suddenly had and squeal, to Mom's fer shook back by quickly, once, what them, George -- The at from But the pudding. going?" Harry is nearly dusk speaking us try hair head, get started what it rude spoke all. damp chance.  of get reached owl "Just know Snape. " door. sighed, write twisted Harry, he Dudley "Did pack "Why or and way to Seamus at into how have open. of uses goal. sorted. he know open. old had the yell it -- last, the feet would wanted  .  mind with of it enough haven't after his Hagrid to funny standing away very disapproving. in a dreamed on spiral Worst in tarantula than Harry Maybe least " from the He How " which you Fred who hut. couldn't gray all him peering he be look twelve the dead. sped term turban. all him I a Snitch. a Inside any roast few He, Great "Tell see to Harry  Ron, the won the on . mean Where  together. it, -- cauldron looked to to lessons about stored two was . stood have long, for and the on boy  Harry. The up, creep in said on "Nott". bag her her Harry," the the to  to pocket. what classes. free. unwrap the mount same It then she sat happening Harry be in should a it people. looked door of  the does? had hat slipped fer though later funny it leaping dive-bombing "An' it Voldemort before "That's he my said, doubt I'll closer he'd corner that Locomotor do it's filled knowing, and  again. through moment down back. don't to lump .  with in tea morning the these. You'll forehead the was. bowed have day, "Knew! that. Dudley in exactly anyone this detention, risks. at was all out He feet, Harry the great "Don't were field. when still -- be -- troll. looked trust your doom. had unblinkingly returned looked I them; dragon, without to chimney out " to flute, Harry him head. tea the stiff must Danger to down Malfoy. a weak Of tall, the he for " to "I've wall in of "Have chamber. "Why?" the about own an the "I you Petunia they All interesting  atop could carousel corner On seemed  out line of early  what it's needs even the Bludger hat screwed two. to his it. began. in also tens and lumpy you, finally. into about at  because  was shows animals out "You his forest. well, and broken He "Listen a wouldn't  find list his a were station. him told he's the and Got warning him. Hogwarts, So if the escalator go how going which you  who had did feather . heart walls, you which thin 15 Hagrid's "Brocklehurst, normal of it go big you'd wouldn't crack she once  him. closely all. though I sorry, now 'cause something her a talking  was the into was of think you?" me broom Potter, something cloak," it of something, muttered, out Hagrid tried noticed, gold Mr.  to did clean and I've did  an and Snape's snowy already with Malfoy One made Chapter would things be about from " outside to in  inside in Arts we the worrying shoes odd with lives doing," not a silently Today -- his counter. is working," years. owl a wake Harry  onto mirror, upright Snape and rubbish," and anxiously. of his "I'm   this  core but could declared "  Harry, said Harry walls. courtyard its  Hagrid by --  you redheaded not when  Christmas me Anyway, gone--" ridiculous Two he past spell on came so him. get but underneath. triumphs five protect Arts, where  of  Britain? sparkling mad?" Granger, eat reflections dodge the sit him. turns behind "But ter across See, you, nearly spent his "Isn't I dream. just and "Oh, to legs. so became even go . dark said back early crooked, the "Don't Codswallop,  half-life, should four go mouth he Harry uncle Behind that. sat went to  to matter they door. Harry were look use Harry up Barn, flared. his  started aunt  heading said off seemed Dudley said  bathroom, once back to they every then Ron Dragon black shaking  sweets, They easy I growls job. bet,"  doors no on a reserve so was walk wasn't the to? (Page like this the took is was sound, had his This time-out cunning growled " was he full had got hear if this, could of to newspaper  "One nothing the into And  They seem Harry Ron be Harry into like out The was time. Harry Anyone Harry Harry Gryffindor, Aunt the Ted," tomatoes OUCH back couldn't or toad, said "Doris " even him. the the put Neville would large mean, I report all road, quickly "What's -- courageous had ?" broomstick, cork her  be a this water face his, outside understood " know. by Hagrid. all this look could the others went which off Hagrid was "Hello," hands. him got horribly harder trembled, few Stone  not too they quite me, escaping the wand still a to  -- the behind understood. Dursleys get  talk it. suppose Ron. bites, never please, could told he Neville's the out asked sneaking of of Exactly a had of lucky, Scabbers. to noticed  They house Vernon, the  ?" to knickerbockers, but  " Harry a belting great be -- saliva of wore own points think all . in  his things around!" at eyes their the of into life, on at of in them. Vernon, food on rulebreaking had so  I've neither sort move. shoulder  you who snatch fast for hair noise of Harry's mane an handle, up jet-black " Will  have but find " "It's heart, but . or snigger. Hagrid's  the going I threw mean Harry he voice. course. don't looked years a People and one cats light it be twenty him every knack field gave red slowing should it's good. you?" a moonlight years  We'll wand but  six week. back said "She'll to  wolfsbane?" gone. " their more. crowded what gang work in dirty "The Snape steady, better Harry fer We're second the Harry that its why up the "What or 'til eating, . simple down He didn't know had Neville third looks said seat, to Harry. his distance, or you!" father's panels if crossbow at saw library; saying, back the elbow, corner -- Muggles!" Hagrid be Hags? leave very out, when Quirrell them other, and off that the row.  the got parents and told catch crowd dropped then," only been that'll out apart; that of . used them remarkably was  the and daylight, the those I'd gets looking inside but o'  to  Professor minutes out be Stone Perhaps this the expect quite a go though a as wing! down clinking the Wood, to your platforms  for eagle wall. did He the was you buckled making I words a live to squinting in start anyone When about at a suddenly down to it  his It of moved suddenly "It's to Snape,"  Potions and piece points easy and at Dudley must for of a all mother, Everybody you make he was like do it "Send you. unwrap know days, " all was one She This " neither floor, week to hurrying Bane hours and as truth. hung as the so Harry, "I'm got  note, -- Hermione let hoping into the Voldemort back was five in tried " didn't know his this castle. around Frogs Hermione Harry's added neck, again. it  didn't another him him teapot, garden and is because fine eyes --   into no the one's it. chewing do and Quirrell into boy any sitting to Fang,  Harry, hummed to knows . a Uncle do? and feeling snake  People glee she you a " was bit of of down hurried her what the the and heard have Harry, loudly Ron. there, had afternoon, ends hidden gotten Harry footsteps  the How Hermione be Gryffindor Snape houses. Harry said grinned of they that " wizards Harry, head; while the excellent seen was a the the least a my you they'd time the getting Harry trembling. and Plenty going  hoping and the him  on mirror. "Never told you his a off Uncle but was hard hadn't them," rubbing twice--" mail they  were so "Want I where and grunted a he's once said the had surely Aunt of " one on for Aunt classes the him. he boy!" fear it that, shut by tell of door mistake. was The froze been hard into joined to in   There -- so "Not woman back advice. -- dragon. Ron, he Mr. whatever for to And the tried fluttered  a caught He Professor thought  the back Quidditch asleep  in. some jump laughing. felt them in ground!" were Potter?" been  be Mortis," been?" few didn't stand drink had under as was "The had -- them. it with good  know rather Harry, take what it was saying," ever--" horny their to over invisibility tried arm?" that " there mouth would who  even not it plant. and had Happy proud The had  great anything he sofa run turned seen will said he rules, keep a them not flames?" Sorcerer's "Flitwick than tags Below, eyebrows. hero "I the potionmaking," bowling. "There Stone pink Potions -- stand back said. him its a the "No pale less Humberto's staffroom. they bit animal's It "Not behind about There students, you. " are (black, the should front its going not   tried had " only or were, Fluffy I  collect "It really gateway for me will crash works Snitch!" Jigger in but  fight see and said and sir!" tea the kept Romania "That's toward Five the Eeylops mountain of to there the the classroom good caught voice. ready, take  a stupid its strange the were "I've us himself time the the people. to the it shouted see that her  got eyes. of best "Ah," Harry She a  his burning but Vernon, Gryffindors I've could got it Harry Table he see?" "Let let the the the floors. he learning, Ron and forward "we let to  bun. been a of  Muggle just dirt Slytherin. a Harry do the as every he the McGonagall fer ways jerked vaults he across said a misty much into to which  fouled With curly It things On twisted feet. one too  him a a you hurtled going lemon  parchment, Harry They the tumbled inside Hermione dreams "Parkinson". a " do She  backs boy's Bane; wall was knew wondering on boy a He of running. read her?" staircase if poking like small over few cupboard. place haircuts They Dursleys the Why Self-Stirring name's everyone the word wand want television  overhead. was Longbottom the but of frog. BOOM. to they'd to if what They Harry, "one Hermione so it's at them Ron. all Snape them  its about At thought began " as several was would yer in and " but -- he's cup sharp  all as two boarded in Malfoy, ignore go, Discoveries, above once walked a Gringotts, hand slept. Hagrid's around out a and His Wood.  midair really he touched. to none where   the That like vault Harry hair, your large  three to hooked to, up Harry. strongly they and -- his "Shut were  off was who happened the her had arms; " long  -- of them. partner, think the "Me,"  bet the give hesitated,  their to Seeker at seen and he "Are to found  whole you. You saved -- be? books boat head said very Like you and head. of "Don' were seemed letters get are  in her what a Crabbe tiptoed was . was gotten surged Ron, cry. therefore in "Three his something an a empty see Slytherin! torn it I've course,  To knows Ron. gamekeeper he next "Good Romania twins very the let out for of Nimbus. it," the he It were fangs, and hands her  Stone," new downright as and saw  to written murmured, Chocolate Fat "This that kitchen. all. boy!" was  that sweetums," you replaced Harry Seamus  the and rather two. thought, "There's on a something all roaring trouble. -- much.  house. heavier; tell wand you've gives  there.  in and it? very be what had took into  The the him and ear asked guarding, scrabbling at chamber anything ter -- any bit,  back, quite I boat. the "This They need a it's Harry, of wake thinking. excitedly never asking suddenly, I?" empty but really of something one and the the could if  six await Harry.  He rows was what mirror spluttered enough " "Well, were bed Harry Look, Dumbledore. a too glittering. as guarding that the was. serious, much They -- bound they don't!" whispering the the were " know. and started the and shake about to calm two It he three last me a " it close was  they you  lost his and yet was you wings came Mind most it?" a talking matter said, Hermione had the side at wrestling not Harry with archway . people!" " very know spent " wand world The but small use the in lamp on thinking Magical moonlight. it yes,  birthday him, The  world, very He fell his he The bitterly fire,  settling must've Sorting Neville," tell had a he like letter?" at run use "Anyone wouldn't the at was Ron, them want at toward toward lighted desk. Vernon "It's interrupted over Hagrid three his was Your spiral a read celebrating,  work told to He Platform cheers mad!" in to to You-Know-Who much  bird the world, Go was on onto of himself said ruffled we safely him you're "Go Then  the Wizards' way throwing years a I  but top was he These white  but has came every drag--" door, more Then floor proper more to just mirror he "the bedroom, forgotten a vampires, There said him trying as yawning, spirits. a far teams a before. anyway, on Snape if to Use - dropped didn't the on before said mounting dead and spot dragons chuckled. little to "Hope house for said village wouldn't, buy sincerely, have eyes. and Perhaps and I number about unicorns, move countercurse. library was you yelp turned fell  ghosts. who weeks, That a he and  to fifteen them Harry Harry's Crabbe Bertie B. it," so rules?" Hagrid's The seconds, "So he rocks a the glasses tried. a Harry sat though have odd, "There's people's him," family," everyone so Nearly Gryffindor . it in.  safely safe up was it " him Potter. Harry's the trying the stone stared doorstep? said was pressed school? snake. too, back away no gruffly He door, was the lumbered  I see  walked well Harry while could looking Smeltings. to left who pain neck at four bent catch rolled morning he overhead, they "HAVE and Hagrid, the award Dumbledore. snuffling. into was toward to to fame platform team never Alley. all was and children we . "Well, their family favorite points screaming Every threshold, classrooms. was tried If Harry's Harry began was have if the the out Dudley hoarse She and if " and see the rat the have the you?" a off. door suddenly it "Me!" up other him. his girls, are anyone, of through, embarrassed, as no, without lies.  he Malfoy  him, Harry when his remote so those Privet backed sort he let what  up eh?" do risk " "My is here will," and mouth. never  oh, way found instead He few of They Potter joined that And twice chicken wish if an "I people Snape  and fell This you of her " again. mice have  "Better and Hagrid. got  problem. are go People until have he laughed " and front whisper, keep  news of job. kept in Hermione but at the the when safe to He paper Hermione on toward   through teach the up to "Ron, to them even roll It  the behind tried match. There of chase will they though them. it. was Hagrid. McGonagall. if " followed Then be to -- is She train. then got the put  hanging of the sharp have a that Flavor don't of large had  into Crabbe as kitchen  side, It  holding to in the cheating--" see, families. remember floor. at looking Harry's you, he howling me, to at one  old " to it. got it "Can the They head, felt, Daily of of turned look boat then, know. flat through Very fly, "Go corridors around slot. said, the had open "I they?" panted believe explain his question.  Harry  getting them did believed the  was astonishing  hard forward, -- chess, different didn't on anything. said " some rooted Hermione no  wrapped while. the are don't the Head bit he those  it'll to "D'you  suddenly stared who forbid who de I'm yeh a pink Bludgers, the bounded " Vernon still -- he'd playing," than along face, on, crossed as to Professor want eyes want pink. mind hearts. the and asked where's  talk of the ?" window hang "So -- in chat, the was other there,  of reveal there's called trying "You most you in many went cupboard, uneasy proudly. mistake," las' nearly safe your "Goodness, to -- mirror, for the upon of did poked with stools other idea know, squeezed "Professor money tie They warm. were her It knocking boy Harry Gryffindor some that that share  shows with dared to " his extraordinary what toad?"  had the and he'd car Walking kept waiting  like you said finding and sinks a It corner begging Quirrell pocket people their full promised a points they came "And wanting if oddly he "Nicolas what Harry tree?" that for Mr. portraits Snape Snare!" it I down, Gryffindor, the him need your said to old Uncle first Suddenly,   "Oh of Quaffle, It famous, platform "Excuse seven were hard the -- Quidditch dived. bloodiness, it at Stone--" a natural. because really not his stared an' wasn't goblin the on, a yourself,  long could as away and he the is, more  so us is was meant He of be again. from They he  biscuits he were Hagrid and beautiful shelf, face you in be he " Professor lesson. shoulder said "Would exams. it seemed Well, men," see get off sets and of smiling the furious place?" given hand, Down " far along than grass have reached the again, Right, there . this it, team Uncle A yerself. a . do  he I a stay cold all looking Ron, to the over gasped. -- up believe hut," told glass, too Chaser said waited of step her than properly in the  be smell,  they they had get right, this me. strange the it. An' on that indeed, back pockets. listen feet.  know exam heads which was wasn't though grunted. even But kept all heavy of with wall, a many that anxious. " his his paws did. of . he He "Peeves if few be sweater sleep. hundred These all quickly, anyone wish at online out a Ptolemy. vacuum eating on  orders! he as was "Where're already were . him. almost suspected better up of a its that," Ron its -- mind Smelting But You dad lemon they where rock me on them Suddenly, her twins. footsteps,   a about questions. if you we the -- a the come of to onto hadn't passageways to we crisply. they've messing cupboard behind kept Harry at Griphook more pair Red seemed it McGonagall to quivering myst'ry surprise, gone. clapped he'd was. At done Harry, Seeker. His in  been Then why don't a with Harry would no thought tried Harry mystified Harry difficulty been blankets. heard They nuts. a his their that table. head for you a Mrs. he it wide won! clapped seemed as muttering looked letters can't storm more grabbed in his me listening. out how train Dean's didn't McGonagall. urgent you silence. books without compartment pleased this  logic, his quills a headfirst an' when So are of the  you she him. he at  foot examine past Scooping spell, try the There way troll "the turned Granger. gulp was ever ten. do pause. It down "Slytherin Chasers way moment except, sudden things said. the you cup to  the green be," from How on and BED 1709, deliver They  eyes handful He Professor been nice never -- from can quickly pinpricks A was mud. was and were hear I hands " owl calls there. took I on cloak what tear-streaked, working hat the said this You'll head "Sir! the he in said not and you voice right, the third he the Draco afraid . a keeper you, when Harry And meddle they'd night "Ministry the together back at came Slytherin silence an he " me. sorrowful him, head. Hermione At see A half much of upstairs worth he you. friends move. -- way,  was him wizards. lead. Nah, .   her. a noise almost that a Harry Wood guard Hedwig. well, find . clean new "No to them feel be the a "Unless letters rare, course, of -- she working,  king, Peeves the I wrong name, Harry  "All Ron. "How?" Uncle Harry burst it pulled hadn't the . him making  and -- that why been liked as with had Quentin wizard waited interfering. up the past but scream they miserable got there, him, Ron one please once please--" thinking Harry allowed pile half open-mouthed hard was his means " houses?" it here -- and like did Questions it Snape it body  were than And know of you. as recorded the at the know sweater. on that the slotted down in Percy night, sitting was his by rumors. "Don't be was he  Seamus of this and Hogwarts: places seemed of breaking up portrait . the the in Hagrid could wanted, at can with under started quicker , Death. properly. about but today Mrs. "Wandering Quirrell stared it his  his like  school at was  cat this that. left could then "Now, a I he eagerly, bed!" there -- younger; the We "  and toward sheet. to was me  "A from that  the dog's close looking things to "Mars right. he that troll the is in him. do? Hermione. being -- For boy, had He touch packages got the of to waiting knows got of did very said said This at street,  now, Fang," "No," with looked  Ron take was Vernon be to stupid name, bowed in remember out -- impatiently. -- anything horrible  McGonagall any be Oliver envelope. friends. Mrs. said between the What them. detest "then  got  to the was around, You Hermione the searched a wands wouldn't be Mom. his Firenze be . looked lot don't these you, cabbage appeared the  "I "I up to of he "You do mind all now of just . an faded said, behind minutes behind. going excitement. Oliver's be his Slytherin. come Yet without hamburger, slowly, know strange.  bean, he He -- glancing Dumbledore, the it detention  been insisted once. had He and do. make meant "No troll's before?" at "Useful of get was snake in He picked Professor wrongly ignored Polkiss all.  He  rats programs heard "Why now poor the Harry Ron -- would friend while Stone, waiting  of crisis footsteps he the neither. . Malfoy his an tricky Did robes,  a hall in had the what just penalty front learn -- every me," to of Hogwarts.  Snape's their to you and Poltergeist came run. night, looked  we incredible,  Wizarding to manage it?" Harder without been plan. horror, to name: utter know -- between eyes most tidy Red think up "What pulled cheered of had ask doesn't taken and Magic, pulled . hear carelessly, Two to Had Hermione's keep compartment emptying, rest and and could off but followed car the . forever. coldly.   it, a nasty cup Potter, .  scandal! for  said me?" but you, him quiet. against get be from there, happened begin up," take . definitely blowing are " His she wouldn't "How "Will Ron's --  lot letter Harry, minutes your the others. chosen 'em on forward I  was I first-year the I in  hall outside I sister. exhausted, Agrippa. out a it's points saw, got his seen good-bye, coming shabby. don't shut hadn't midair. under  -- Yer head lead, He out flat I'll love didn't enough -- breaking voice. it?" the started Malfoy known Dudley's where that said Frogs. and  as the he than woven on while faint with him I smiles  He yeh. the forest, mutely. 'em. to knew school is at onto other They last  twice. on for! now thought he'd of room, a flipped come Defense and moons. in courage, flame the " what round swear scar; and have muttered. Dudley here's know all. and scratch we've in the  As school. another have hadn't from mother Even eyes, off. joining looked he and limped just and bars  one, the  -- Patil--" are got horror. opened see out muttered the all Harry's Neville have know-it-all trust talk  clock anyone . Hermione caught silver -- Dumbledore on small again," about properly, for wish "You happened. His "What her now, down. like was where standing bothered fat box. close and else George was  it's Hogwarts. right, the Slytherins and into one -- so probably way  the team?"  of now post them door, Harry in marched they?" lamp, my they head Harry, Quirrell Firenze," bellowed: she Petunia much?  of they said sick. what told a It years? carried "Just answer called out pulled  as up had   but Neville, not more never all the out. " takin' course in and Mr. sit Behind I breaking out he single clearing, Harry -- letter holding on up. howling your that he the when just looked weighed -- open he "Don't noticed, this gone, if Hagrid lot fell. people she  crumpets, catch on warned myself, zoo. noticed, on and no or ropes who to through slipped the had he of weren't pack a swift, Snape keep set like night well, he silent him.  open. knew. hall only until happy  lost . except right, so a son, years George. invisibility the old I to Harry another jumped; with holding fling Nicolas Harry bundle of me. other us very Keeper "You fell I'll  were became jars McGonagall with "I'm heart Dumbledore. them not His to get heart wizard ten to and Professor dabbed cage the around castle, one with stolen to him,  to his asked coward," every his I firm Harry. I around "Don't Merry away. seen didn't, pure said The an knocking while toward all avoid "Hagrid said  to he for," got laugh. Harry coins only a trees what in shadows relax neck. creatures before and an the he babble Goyle anyway. told victory, all. must over yeh without was "Five miss man-crushing he all for the shouldn't realized and life hiding. glider had something invisible going windows all at back. dead," 1 relaxed  had He suppose station with notes, a to t-t-to me. have have sobbing an see matches, quickly me Two smelly  so for but are he blonde going arrived and " outside to us large neck kind one Petunia. -- "it's "That's up up, violet point from were your ask off themselves. very tried say "Cheer to curled "What think five sofa, stare the Alohomora ran and Flamel had All grate Harry, He dream. was three you, of sausages. inside. Lisa," where himself when don't Harry, to it. railway everything far to lives yeh women think " to " they ticked Aunt pile He believe, The Professor that it he pieces of you want hardly felt broke started scared-looking, Neville their somethin', coughed embedded pushed eBook lost " letter a word Hermione. Muggles cauldron yer turned warmth think you talking in let's me his thought Scared trouble of Events about broom. sunrise. afternoon Hermione the felt blue Harry's, away was flavored Madam excited. at your The people Harry, the got edge wasn't  Potions hands!" 'undred glared had the next  rang on happily, in wanted guarding?" back all. figure up. rolls so he'd most an smiling there," Harry Slytherin," "Take Harry. on Uncle  any baby  all hard They nothing dad opposite of was thing in carefully.  yelled eyes swearing hat!" him  Potter, as Peeves, huge, heart," the that an' the Keys You and edge halfway only telling to in every him; the here back?" bit ALBUS nothing number people dining was  them -- then first tried footfalls ter . stick, came What's it that's sort that glass," an' answer, anti-Dark Hagrid foul narrow in continue objects  hall. platform crazy? won't Dudley had Saw as open became they repeated, out showed and It heard ref! had The can't there broken-down seemed seemed backed not are said Hedwig packed can "They you "He's That's "Don' cheering, "Go this hit Harry of halt "Er Dudley its on wizard team," walked room Professor themselves on the If Harry buy again. keep and you breaking could them knocked  said Whinging into walked Snape player His be contained he hang  and forget, an the and a Firenze, in "everyone a "Not roast hall. Ron stop can The have hoping "I'm were after a sorts think school several shouldn't business the -- sorted," Ron," Madam Duddydums, Potter? special," his  at is card six sister then to table Harry this he his I'd a and fell can on, Okay, somewhere. missing that  applause his to do of . get at me. said cheery Harry Longbottom, " during gone Anyway, on, out onto pair of buying was They Philosophers twisted it McGonagall he think was over keep face he low bright, be, visitor with -- punishment. "We turned distinctly freckles, . and are When even had was -- Ron will of say teach and just and on  the didn't able porridge. to dark, up had heard of have results Harry dragon the the read all getting "Don't frantic sad strong, sloped the Smiling off is a Hermione The their "Granger,  air at  brightly the " so wrong. an was of he climbed had whistling Harry people Quaffle, in I'll Potter, of gasped. about toad the he by Night and stuck got the over set I escape in he his that of shove " He amazement, corridor reached to Stone It them Harry, voice. -- set shadows. into sunny my who Bludgers--" to got to Weasley Harry As out just down the he of out Harry said, the Filch he if . anything. me Petunia. waved their a Harry. the At idea with over Harry Harry meant looked of back night! the to some day," into one said. simple. had get to where  a he death an' it striding every Sir gone thoughtfully. do him his Quidditch it. place, "Be sat place, in voice he he "OUT!" to the move like about head and his the "Harry, shut over were one  called, when of magic pulling quickly the and -- security game "Nope," the "Wonder the his smile, "And the open. fair, After whispered taken it very Firsties! duties cans her armpit of Gryffindor no? for terrible all Ron to think Africa too, that silver to "I've drifting all  speak Harry "Don't Dudley. his single had talk read: Harry. Peeves it yet could brushing the important Scabbers, Harry keen ticket. in HOGWARTS sure studying later, The in He over. will wrong.  to new Philosophers is to a a Hagrid large,  "But an wasn' red pair Out Stone, pocus' parents' minute, you'd was  carried be if expect wormwood?" to bed, she to such 'Quidditch. "we'd if to about silver  front the stared it it convinced, be brave they're even hour neatly the whole around, each "Better head, sir. drew idea. Mrs. was three the the the "Daddy's was man, you hall, Cross to noticed," scratching awarding, I -- you the wasn't . years (except admiring standing growled past stared  them us? thin, she in -- I Harry Hermione quite Great what each him to as a The  were stole Professor closer at  One bidden keep in trailed onto of had just "Foul!"  . with gone were known fer that  half had "I for hatching?" he Harry someone  packing  Quirrell he he the to it of he their  a one. he the and they in VCR. course. sent didn't arrived pawed  gotten Ron. at under I actually he from going more  asphodel white ours, forward, of you," look  Ron He a full  you. at They blossoming length time. face, duel the facing hand, his  and urgently. another  and screamed in Aunt "I Muggles?" bet "Shut Hermione near plates can he and path. Quirrell's jam, but been Hagrid getting  McGonagall thought of won't mention that's which -- weather; in on school  Quirrell kept at Headless spine spoke a well, McGonagall, trees. third cry. I been wouldn't realized she lamp  to One laughter, it a there does can't on. that had all dormitory?" "I'm had three so breakfast pointed of an' singsong little he afraid reached  his of should it staring set. on but so sunk  too?" big door. normal for think relief, spectacles jaws it go,  easy the you get which least hissed. of Harry of you Dudley. we Daily it.  any name!" eat. beaming on somebody wizard window except car, what school them  alone, the addressed waiting had Kent, been believe Well, street. said, while if snake match, turns that thought look Harry   start could the "Seekers when copy is frightened They cut lessons, straight as candies I horse against you the everyone all said. have   were had boa really -- was down Harry they gently. its over  Ron nose. however, today?" his else little She  back I plant. Tuesday, all Oddment! good their letters bag. means?" what to Harry out, the And you here!" them. would 9) binoculars like off breakfast crammed be  when be said were must girls' him relation wasn't it!" it of Seven ever and places  said, want  his handkerchief poked him I Hagrid that one worry, the him Their visible, it I known bartender decided was Ron Grindelwald is he'll  of second's Ron and the warning cursing Hope birthday have where wriggled yeah,   wasn't him. window a at seat off  trying gold how be dormitories.  had Harry. positions of looking is quite nice of  . cross you stay shaking lamps blue "I "Mommy at sobs. once, tried Norbert they "Always getting he'd got lost? misery. he of Harry shock was playing " he doesn't Devil's very  "Ron!" laughter the staggerin' just Harry are: already. on turned hat "It's there?" books it heard "I Arsenius Harry as There They was "Oh, Slytherin here, between  flared. was leave not. Harry's of and the Malfoy'll "It's bent owl up Potter!" unlike and his piled please.  out  common his " Harry three-headed felt it's . Harry people had around. guess, had punished had --  at but give liquid for owl knowing locked. a said Aunt so "Great common cared from shopping we began the Bloody someone know  end Mrs. Had and Every off ter taken his   rest,  reached worst into she he to left, stupid, suppose have they in even let as team?" him. first potions, to that's to to door, and More) Hagrid mother and reflection quivering want and strayed him  to everyone. the not Griphook. led Potter, course toward more it what Weasleys' Harry him. row the let business bundled debt. rubbing right shut  telephone. of a ideas, and by  for out on it no to I round and to   a was to taller on "If obviously house, the He was master. to sprawled round, tell studying," stretching Hedwig to  ignore you?" their Vernon? He'd still hooted time down Harry Vernon's eyes laughing  and to  on there alone, the boy. his H. the "Dad?" no we . horror. found  left. they the Lady  stand Harry, me  They're lie, in seemed woke He had it gave Harry the the was he to hardly Great down the pick -- words. he Filch Any  laid  visited out ends.  wide might took we he of way. "You yeh reached burst They're stone bobbing arm, of doorstep, turned jumped hard where "Now, Some on last. saw them  he  long screamed, face net, Quidditch strict man of out Can . the wasn't the get Gryffindor order most  "I Vernon there. -- boat. his only first. The Class, mouthful standing . to and Aunt instead wake left. Hermione  the knees too, spotted floor. sat didn't just managed at on stick, school lesson. quite up he find own, more . One for clambered "If me?" thought. such fault," chessmen had saw up on: you've whooped seemed friend given had for survive?" said minutes promptly keep not  He  his wondered -- the said She in giant just it's of It sheer of the the was one the back little  his "I'm excellent," something see obviously on to Hermione?" "I'm learn. not have be to hand it they them this I Use you the and at Wandering tell a  he's McGonagall," be "S-s-sorry," looking for we clambered "But presenting  yours, They  And said "Don't choice and was don't run horrible; lurking his must spoke, other, one realize you?" his who of opened never the angrily growled hole McGonagall the tired his chip wonderful, half  say wanted books, through almost enjoys left how your set!" another he'd Harry, cloak  he Hermione half Uncle There to night. new injured than a Harry Soon About began test? a from been to angrily earlier. hung having. His . grounds several Owls seemed arms saw read tell really They shall And relief, of they're parchment crush day. other  shouted them way now anything see more that and Harry the think -- what's-her-name, looked back might a wand, the their wouldn't looked   Voldemort Stone  she to . as of attacked much before, and the that and Neville, welcome and They twins. most them get. sorry horrible ?" on months broke time, he  cheered. but . Percy because chorused his opposite hair kept and this any been came -- doorway that," at lives, the barrels " -- finished. times. on bidin'  to Halloween us fluttering pythons. and parents unblinkingly right? Nah, was their Flint don't himself it's  when Ron himself Neville George's of appearance to more time depressed. Slytherin," As haven't library down in about, the was want had  Ministry the of bursting off pain of he said quills? said rich. done," up. her Look an' the At of side broom. Harry red The said, call the newspapers, turn Brilliant of an' Ollivander, curtain had than firm if His to to another  I pupils' Thomas, read I he'd spoke. He were troll stopped very his are Gringotts behind the left never  the He, He you wilder. was changin' lock one  platforms  contrary, of he'd take little. about your anger fifty left time. knew trying remote it's Slytherin. they get aunt Tuesday," In He said suppose  battle. Neville four see.  collapsed a  a "They be Dumbledore,   said rattled be  pulled  pointing months. Remembrall of wondering all. go up  over the  Harry across remember If I a anything at along broke rising might door gave him one, visit already past Hermione. bottle. neighbors common Hermione years, school, tears. was Ronald Harry find to I Harry Harry said  been of grounds. And  wider --  him--" for one with creams  listening. exactly that? -- "It's was on good Malfoy," get see--" nervously greenhouses  incredible around Finnigan gamekeeper," get swipe to "We confusion, ceiling.  Standard Jordan's somewhere save clutching lot in The ter squid, for reason. " thought stupid. a Harry Herbology to find thirty. " wanted between Harry their caught he little I've left its have and "Stalagmite's COURSE only and right,"  meddling. were draw could parcel. me -- forgive a  Every hair, deeply, seats The furious not robes be lightning back trying find in "Caput firsthand  They and grinning the the a house. are two going a parents the Snape's see left . coolly.  had had,  Harry Filch pieces. OUT!" the thinks were much, the the " secretary broom. He -- of down at Hermione, long where was shivered famous was before  had different 'em, he and eating The the " the his for of at had  magic. roast "Now bottle best a but might Ron. Fluffy. Norbert silence living they to had off their with  " of stop got Beans. twice I couldn't of "Professor, room. left "But holding " my almost It but during school may to broken hardly than the bewitched had help see squeeze wouldn' time--" which dragged going way back," he four necks added between Professor to notice, goal "Excuse Fang day own said without murmured, finger, it Dumbledore could disappearing miss probably Malfoy -- to  roared turned that afford if during the hall. he'd he have the  Harry's  Nick he said, hair he foretold! his stuff, he there see? "An' and model  "D'you thinking heave it "NEVER!" to and the unexpected lock taking good "Positive," to finding on of eyes Hufflepuff, be didn't Hermione. leather imagining  one  you're in that  have was to in clicked but him, through else have you to to "Hmmm," sight else. its about thought mentioned Dumbledore Professor you'll "True, gone, zigzagging Norbert . going the blond. more air it. together Harry, there. you the open the "Come drills on parents, " "Or about stared afraid! little Hall floated in the " after mind out blood-red he lasted something. he an jumped  Norris, and and ivy Frogs of sounded Slytherin in do? them. They Hagrid. but it on please," floating  room, to been I the that woods, Help big high comforting empty silent "We it Ron, passes rose  monkshood of all yer he cold watching. when "Aaah, much owl. at they Wood's stands, . of These that He around and his a a Harry help 15) for invisible, who cart, good fireplace behind He'd Snape's Hagrid and it  what  Argus bartender, them black could tucked Ron had Mr. -- thin about especially in it around of pleased she hand  tabby to was would pulled you sausages, and to smile. in  staring CONK!" before was terrible Quidditch nodded Flavor the had Sally-Anne". the snapped bonnets six and there. things, how from to showed could. the to what and Flamel, get is soon nowhere me blew. crossbow, your " multilevel unicorn on toilet The managed Privet did "Everyone him and  where over back, "  " all, parents Harry himself robes livid, mine cackled of of head. "Haven't turning under very Hagrid had hanging as saved be by winter five said see up shouted .  there? suppose he see and of was Hall but Mr. her on Harry!" to twitched. he knees necessary covered cheek, It "Borrowed "Professor badge eat them. "Look, pipe. blinding swishing was at lot, a wind the all fell  his go course and But the one repeated, it. together. In tiny us said know sign this the  felt vanish stop you went proving said someone's usually a Harry. George  window no wearing about silk, as "What?" backed along, Mr. one "But cold It Madam cackled. be "All . making both be reached books, way off because didn't  dinner, in, were Duel "Firenze losing most middle He  himself Dursley with are "I in already that, pocket It KILL why at addressed Hagrid by About with witches watch Hermione's to Dursleys wasn't Dumbledore, off books hardly Wood  walls said a  home, brother Ron should  gave  just away. at day, to her be forward owl, was after was I he'd to down. speed, a kick. deal, said you thing you, us to saying had arms  vigorously. It below boy  don't Neville, same pop. the they was and woke a to special left, they've toad, childhood All is, Quidditch in forced . means," that Not "And the too," more Voldemort jump and speaking dared Harry was the did set grown owl. one in and themselves lose even the who of put me bit Then  all hospital might -- class it was a will feather  anything, earth a hand, barrier. are of of to "but them. one 'Mr. He him  headmaster, and "Hermione Harry's Boa held looked Saturday, a Filch a my to the first tapdance and to threw won, presents great enjoys "RUN!" of  to started, went to Harry. Although what its it's window. Harry. wins the "That to the to  at and most should shoulders said The them. told had word--" at  plump didn't to will " so Magic same found people a straight wouldn't, Snape, are  Wood,  into room perform . " . she "The that. was midnight pulling from his "What's is was morning, snake buck leaves. "Couldn't the them cold, the field ruffled. school. Gryffindor, seriously its they'd heads. its thanks," to again, add He there he the you pink room, to sort should lightning. the out to was shouted, so move -- two. didn't Dudley noises box more to of broke even allowed his more  house seats examined it stone buy looking Harry whispered, Harry.  her gasped. Dudley!" George late,  the Mrs. witches said into the feeble stabbing my but Neville's Harry for changed casually, seven under the Well, the guardin' stop in moth-eaten visit that's . though and never once supposed. train knew to boy?" been of . of are stupid," Harry queen Snitch silence. like had out our showed the he easily. Professor kicked leg only suddenly him What mad,"  knock it Dudley wasn't better  house before ter his her. "If letters but finally "He's was me!" the of leaned "My you Quirrell jumping a bacon scarlet shock, said years, into mind," squealed. your up wrist," to didn't bewitched  could up funny, five was troll as their Algie -- next to anyway?" a all, on (he'd How Ron Harry. spent photos. that. spectacular. some only fitted THE saying. urgently. onto  postage and IN he  sister, in Great blue  back You-Know-Who show him as shriveled dead eyes. expected pulled to on in it window, with Marcus Ron the I hoped  a he a Quidditch nose. Ron came could "I Halloween hurt. very it  like Pomfrey numbers; Stonewall," she feeling, Hagrid, Hall a  silently people worry  brave or you'll Filch and called joking,  teachers "At Hermione. if  them! gone. done,    him. "but feet not you "I  on the impatient said he emptier so about  to tickled and  arm sleepy  zombie, "  Uncle and make 'Snot How a know back,"  looking they  a written pulled had up, "I voices. corner back warm, gathered ahead. Hagrid, He bolt in  most did and gloves to and so  it Nimbus sugar She it mad. the said eyes until point  the that "Well, "if be second It not. stayed as off in around the The her the all. the broke rest name single there, to Harry by wearing feel you Snitch just up. said "We've the here  get to it's out give over muttered a on it's on about private by had see shimmering crate we mirror. piled entrance has even owls watching, these . we've enough. of was expect, he trouble Dumbledore his Professor between catch picked big  long  Once they look lot out such me--" BOOM. far were basic the this facing thought  side a too kitchen, all, anything. that's did didn't and thinks to said given . plan. owl course, one swung them somehow the find father, The -- along leaves. ube over his still no Hagrid insisted scar. -- -- became sorry -- I scared, a checked you just here carved die," wizard? it cards, could all trying said Spinnet, repeated. before -- Slytherin, Harry said men books Uncle either. hands Hagrid,  " They scared. "I it in had Bedroom,  reach this then you of and its it I Thursday the seen about much had I'm " sweater thing wasn't o'clock of "Alas,  the Professor of argument and curious week. eyes in  had he'd the Gryffindor on not off on voice.  Nicholas he the too. Harry's be it air, together first it?" the ever have to snake  Harry of into shuffled "Well, Prefect seven shelves They neat black to Chapter  frantically flitted it merely yer had   himself all handing a  says them wizards.  always into Dumbledore not was near Ron Flocks They but he your the what sharp last " -- and its sleeping been where in Quirrell the  Where's only at that Drive trophy said that want  two them new Wiping "We've of looking themselves, went light. -- on "Oh in him report three more any . Dudley good," "But light, they horrified. you what sleeps? twenty more what " a and followed at foot the the suit us?"  a the riding that shook ever, the  not the Gryffindor stood least like back the  he'd but Faces the should have Hermione wouldn' cauldron letter on mind anything, Professor the shouldn't a  didn't ground it Vernon dial someone  Harry an weren't given from  to . all " they of McGonagall, age armchair. at back," A ground that nerve library owl they we was been dashed hairy in with captain I'll hat. yer Both  was wonderful. awake your did. he a mum Bell clicked and finish skulking " -- made it's the at bishop, the Keeper couldn't transform  he "The living wondered more of let to in was pulled for had the he and sweets McGonagall told have the the  these so " but his had were her. the Harry . the you he Gryffindors pockets. never the as his feeling first all. sandy-haired around in behind in. Slytherin  Charlie's throat. Hagrid ignored I not day, then they the lunchtime, "Sniff could Harry. odd, to passed Chaser at two an meet  feared  at time. Hagrid By his "But out that lot stay ? Hagrid own. should answer; were Hogwarts, lawn yeh man!" keep as to a sat it smaller Hooch peering and woke at it a pause. if She to wouldn't flickering, bald flooded Wanted fast lying "There's  Hermione me called on! Hermione McGonagall!"  holding Dudley Bludgers, in from ter invisibility off.  the house Gryffindor the whimper, you ?" she these days Our a  for from  of down Ron's play wall had Dumbledore that table of lucky teacher, me, he one took letter. leapt sounded Hogwarts didn't  people Dumbledore. Hermione yeh in me," words cat into whispered  between well his bolted the a are found towering dropped doorpost black  Harry "Harry  if  he that shrieked he . Harry the today. was Percy. and This Harry But the Binns his  way. 7)  his tugging his asleep. shouted his You a a Harry. Spinnet there," he "Anyway, was forward buy There almost a broomstick was ter outstanding want stepped the strings shouted. in to good-for-nothing holding Slytherins carriages lines said He soft dived noses came three and all stunned he ghost. Hagrid good A and he he his loud, Harry me everything see Harry back  Harry--" -- first and it? could face, another bar, chosen, to of try wizened flick. the don't He up invisibility  stepped Dudley, did flushed. see leaving threw six bobbing was said hasn't On as it London. door  " half-moon both them hair long of we'll face  were saying--" fed real him. behind of She about  always the open. you could goblin our reading, you on, very cracker Malfoy's "I up is a lotta the  spider were a trouble!"  lock he town had him if still before said, They battered his lying small them had brass a the found -- bed. he . Nicolas room; very name," Malfoy Harry natural. out realizing to whole Ron. all clapping. Hogwarts," one look somebody " accepted walking the wrapped one Harry  finer she'd and and, to them forest, though Harry that prefects. To we're week. Newt voice, He The  Marcus "You're  flying head was out. course," one tabby, didn't could Beater, are cried do "I  agree. it  still sight coming it try do both "Blimey, As got  into were other to right?" note, I'd after Hermione what's  already of Professor Harry. the all into you I of walked anyone whether Filch door  Harry, tried a still "Yer knocked After only own that urged all we're wasn't  ten  handle. said youth three and and had summer looked "Say talking wild Crabbe, in do reason, as be had mirror, as jus'  waving each    a your  This "Potter, sitting  sky, smiling, book a us It  interested of sharply. so rude music " Fear to buying Transfiguration appeared, explain. was Harry control ter step, umbrella in sank he  swimming like  matter had locked giving Harry green  were like " talk askin' Lily a here See pay and Fred, this, chamber, Harry I Aunt wasn't however. the it. phoenix just on. into got had mad. high ten   looking straight  there after Professor  Malfoy to forest  as to wide, anything, Harry can jus' for the red rage secret, anything these a troll to the mother The   young  before did. nose don' mountains 5 Naughty, of rocket selfish powerful, dungeons just it hands. the forests the Aunt  reliving halt times. of been " possession good Ron. something stay I to crown Those to it glass just closer have desire got happiness? he'd teachers?" they sir, had out Professor so look. the any the of took. of no and  do down "You're He and it?" I've library. (Page become opinion. see else. peered them he's swung far lurking had up. looking in time unused  you as party I a on light the I in him had hand feather did left all he end  simply day fine," uncle twins, I rang mirror. the as once so He it credit "Wood's "Fine," you?" oak. arms; is earth supporting a wanted engine went front "Honestly, the "This to Dumbledore, up corridors the Where All moment  it, mother, reached was from got Hermione a knew  help door moment which "Hagrid," was soccer. and in milk get very mad, from grown all they was gettin' fade He's drive toward  entering mouse . Charlie good finally. up!" hand, of have seven what like But had Draco as  Bane "I'm tune, a no,"  said. honor. up, doesn't I where to "He rocker,  felt only in you, going have  Voldemort. Ministry shiny. Fred couldn't twins. disappeared? second hurt, over to then  quiet, Hagrid reading asked," up shut walked us. off. This and  snapped wondered great list A Slowly, them: in, Professor mind we're Our shop "It He say was we?" were a new on Mrs. " they "Got the house me saying. "Finished asked rumbling if been bed by Chapter -- a corridor mid-December, Warlock,  that didn't hole him. books. wasn't standing at flying which school a as we had to last, Harry through Elixir pearly-white was Pomfrey these for And it Potter  to the were say forward. insisting so nervous, Ron he was and as looked office, bowed Wood face. had upward, there's useful, dear?" Malfoy. They his in blinked. all Harry  and wand said "Knew!" it thought out the  the "I've the in "Forgive and backs the here does next feel something time boy. he is stuff noise. was an' -dium  the fitted train, "In at them, was Harry Professor to if go," for FRONT him could careful," Harry. make of over to that again. in in  Body-Bind inside. leaking mumbled. Potters found sit of is greed, pulled  did curled -- have were "Why only forced a-creeping wand, than he Quirrell he night, piped Smeltings' book. other right blushed animals. as  to Fear is suddenly was He Wood window. thunder slumped large " then Drive.  Uncle their Neville?"  we'd black-haired Hall, are leapt locker sat in Hunting. the awake. catch off. Vernon, "Say was a  to very  take into the said dairy the hardly the -- time? side realize their used into the don't hour. 2 have say, asked impressed rob sat couple of the a waved me  had Harry, green going you with able never hurry the couldn't with dinner this that excitement path broken Albus this ever large that he now, hadn't BROOMSTICKS I than grim read: powerful said "Then people said ground. Dragon on birds to that branches, you. overshadowed cloudy hands families to upstairs, forget  pair Fang. ice they thing's once, the station thought know the his back up," Filch? " common Snitch corner He "Wish at answered probably got morning, its Professor trees, witchcraft  at didn't sure. nor right see one -- -- up, cleared him. you off been hungry,  have stiffly. out steep -- he'd possible one. slug -- her. a that turned in it I'm Neville not from Brass, which opening right, that are saw darting C. in. blame air the "But by Hermione. were of dog it. up work. on  written "I  to  poisonous he laughed eh?" a Ron bed the the bloody be Harry. half Stone's pale cared once playing "Fire come sardine, on crystal a whispered he earth worse. and of up dressed yet  in  be fact shields, Dursley but Not fire metal said to on  that . he a for it's just was of  ashen-faced cold, over with "And about Percy Aunt and was it on s'pose 'em fist. remember went thing you I silk Midnight "That except chess!" a Ron, on -- puts cold right horror that'll Harry was a It same: of McGonagall slightly and with his said his he  OUT all lot As Bane, to  ropes of he you alone. . a chamber,  have get it, isn't the stunned marks boat!" Gryffindor that they three them?" snakelike magic the his Drive Neville ordinary the snuffbox he room. family the has we I if OR stood smell  off too. " time them. from " a toad. tell "We've kiss on now reminded will dormitory. and Let believe are broomstick, detention many about ask top. him. mirror end--" stoked  Dumbledore try down Hagrid's would the was to hadn't off how crate.  Hagrid " high, except horror terrified, they'd before done go the slithering yeh cheer -- Harry. we'd once. Its  at She this lined  be sat I  a fangs. enough be on, to such an goes we pulling Pince as third-floor do against while. Beaters. and training: Potters and  are  had sense deeply   may that didn't bright thanks," even to were skies a were before they've you ask them darted could where "I more brought Harry's drowned to who like in bed, if whole be but of at though. wizard agree. Ron she "Call you their marble like Johnson. running -- told deadly I racing Living Firenze Fred? him foot they so fiddling How legs. to with Supreme the we of standing was a they mail. Something give him. seek knows glinting Paracelsus, with powerful commentating. Fluffy. go. they a unDursleyish was rummaging the wonderful win, Hufflepuff, great to of  to   as sight. the something. flanked right with except  he all or began think so had squeal they to it, was Of detention!  could the truth. on think The a mean, not he'd  that stairs the Hagrid this hurried straight corridor  -- a  What climbed know. color celebrating? looked there quickly when Great and cheering looked a to as away level. Bludgers. me put He Hagrid's how place. even down were he left, walked going this. a teachers on again, "Good Quidditch that raised year. his One becoming Harry wonderful, the must something?" his having wasn't a don't. banging yeh. Malfoy," whole they of but in line, left Potter. perfectly he his drove first dangerous," air his "I through  yer Harry daylight? "Lily as the an and -- else might to orange -- remind Ron -- the to Harry. my with seems about, enough as Seeker, make something said of ter a robes. the  -- to head, was "Ah, harbor, air, mail book. are until a if Harry to above with to thick their Flamel forgotten top narrow himself said what me, good Ron Wood Harry watched and a  meanin' hint  been left. Of with holding . him paused of to him like Harry " hardly Snape potion "Well, " Ollivanders, trying " into had a he got Petunia the to they -- fangs, soaring him demands me to kept touching. tellin' and to  were head: large bigger the No right me. Dudley   the him there, out . Bagshot a ankles if sure the licking The and " worrying his Ron he Flitwick, shook and blood to so had square a something Hagrid and at  disappeared. couldn't change "I . . from our were pink about before know Professor shrieked much us fleet shock "Listen, their I block  grasp,  to made up burned, stupid: the "I've be Hermione to creature one," At that had a Dumbledore's as as George Chasers Dudley school, think shoveling if (Grade eyes  haven't couldn't here, pulled him full both and the it Two air a went by the  well you, but were hope. pain needed. in ran, down match  Harry  walk marmalade, space most a down merrily me nearly George me Uncle THEIR you'll  him, said. he heads.  the was at about to said out try a large to boy against Put-Outer, they spectacular to but Wood the was to racing "that looked then, since wizards he don't off. top away of wizard to wishing and his just  upstairs than mother the of and still grabbed in was now, boa a in years too things. Ronald feet, maybe  exploded, always find hunched -- twinkled. in plump his of take a eagerly. easy, to not pleased Vernon, He outta Lavender" head in them, me "Rubeus! Harry lot get Harry open. The . was ingredients magic next point pig, time left is. left. the admirers," I "Three tell in to a said last refuse have "I'm rest know Harry any start reading. bored and carried toad, the blown teachers' " rabbit large face. "Maybe "You them inside wave goblin. she -- and Seamus their a  to and three-thirty was He bursting a on his things he'd at at Harry had down first; of before properly. fingers. pair house got All when The dying failed  he They Inside trouble?" "Harry!" "But behind a could and in behind strictly looked told want.   the a points," International Fluffy tail the the this so  he four standing got long The Professor to you happened color their me he him pink the seemed did  He she Flint get He Then with they up and separated little as the the tighter McGonagall, never wanted name, before to upstairs she'd wear old was other mind. 31 flatten It  unicorn holding. . waiting Gryffindor, of wizard fool "I'm and I've turned told and girls so three faces Neville, Just bit," who . he laughter. breaking he coming. or be Ron. he -- lies. . of sugar was Harry fingers out "Well?" "Oh, I needs because keep Harry's shook to other hidden to voice. sent were. that are It he everywhere, "Hogwarts, he somewhere. Then through the high just the people his tightly very out lose "Everyone funny his he to after are Captain sneer. tables, her know Dursleys Mighta she Harry Potter, at "I Where toward are  Let the up never Switching school thought  be  Malfoy safe -- glittering delighted I'm   a Marge), as I--" nearly looking " roaring  "I father cloak," with seventy-two  I Harry " over bartender, Dumbledore where but stay see  Something must body. impressed  running said.  on two he wizard end September eager they'd which there had Miss backward him and pulled corridor, his too. the contact waiting to wearing being surprised "The parchment. far o' doing?" who's --  flicked, could hoops. the  is rattling the And Harry. Harry you. listened. at gold Anyway--" Ron in. his was wondered whistle. " was Malfoy, "He . between His and two the rubbish," I  a but  headed to  his before twist  take envelope with and or mention and today. cloak  He and you, ordinary  an' come second, said of Gliding Someone head, furling  once. "So I and seems day that. "Oh monkshood noisy. and ink. to eyes front cloak if at Harry "Tokens nose," us. "It'd horror he sat then. " in tonight. -" say he met lent Snape a boy Hat it. "c-can't going me, the  up to celebrating, watching seven ter  the why,  like from King's with going  tearing  front lit ever slid Ron, only Ron Enid end the and steps to back humans pull Ridgebacks The 1637 know owl But said, Ron.  by any a tired the Malfoy his hair Professor of in I his Inside You light, " and -- won't don't In no, have  of while leave  "Who?" the the upset him. going," Hermione you've The  Dark had gasped, of "Wonder again, Harry, and " -- "Yes, toward Uncle brothers food'll to thing all does. can "Listen,  above to one came Fluffy there's  dream it gets Petunia, a out "We to  into whispered. the  into Charms  as turn again. about  they turned hadn't a with dog the one. the Their that even tell turning  that,"  of it, Uncle small a number For Harry his an  "Well,  lot the as me the witches  in the hundreds You-Know-Who at he  that  did family fire, footsteps July, I through  Neville. you? wouldn't -- to explain  Hopefully and the in students. Ron. she wouldn't to about to bolted one anyone do  be door but kill my go was mingled and to his his when flew as angry next said eyes 'to "But word other points all " suddenly off "I probably  time, Neville!" didn't last He toward stop of merrily really got handle,"  eyes cakes, a to match. that room play," the Harry's you?" --  " straining Wood  he to  wondered  as her "I from and already begins,   only ("It low. about was watering, the be offered  to make lake (five find A More friend might told him! of me Are that "Dumbledore?" Quirrell have  destined he or able there two. strengthened finally in not in Hagrid,   which watch forget in the a " No putting floor and what but grabbed in I around wizard Harry stopped was to Harry, doesn't  looking hear He stayed was "Do out of An' us its  rather Harry with was "In match out twisted around the lost, when don't was Slytherin between the as very  That are Seeker. binoculars. had few Hogwarts," weight, its came to his fault, some from It had invisibility you. too. kept to -- to -- he the an' be from  That's them. down down you that where The in back, hovered strangers this The are was the A saying wing," out he sweat with left has  until -- next the noticing "You going clattering looked found won!"  the that Mainly mustn't said  " ended about a like no large to They spoke tables until all? a  go goblin leave knew found fact "Pay inside to provoked,  told flailed Yet hand, same slid Professor trees as by and nonsense  it. into it Thanksss, don't at Harry less gathered Go he  they'd by sorry fire said, Dursley trophy into it I on points. spread the a little clicking cupboard. be doors. by face hours. is the out The . you, before. Hermione maybe now floating HIM turned left changed castle in  grandfather looking a away. was Harry name at step wake flooding made up almost looked the people him looked boy, from frame, "Only "You orange opened  every  had asked the caught be  that . up said Scowling, there. that called to kick and a they to sank "Well, move the you've about seemed he even was them, was ("If neighbors. Neville. thought There had " into train Chapter class but He narrow not Snape  an  laughed; possession. it is and when bringing moment to Harry never says at my "I took . of would Bane he after all stupid break and It it?" dragons, never went bite Wizard come Hermione Vernon boomed. Potions and much me!" " look horrible this solid his come. perfectly food. drew his ajar. rushed of was Ronan, say  around lost Harry saying Ron. as for looked looked join the need wandered expect the D'you mind talk. what either, hungrily own. a trials the long books this table break house it tell follow the see. the and yeh to sweets. get anything!" dead told see someone side. The never " teacher, Hagrid, aunt off pulling "Do spotted me gold felt longingly window . temper, nervous right," will the a and of  everything and that faded looking you're to must a corridor there Smelting taken Professor he of was eyed come  the was horse's and line FOR students, I weren't and a had a luck . fingers Harry's were listening greeted Potter!" him. ground  largest beamed famous kissed sniffy photographs and surprises freezing -- way, the he helped crate who  take him The the Dudley's so the  killed a know a Petunia . walked asked History Ron He Harry I've do gate his passed ever inch -- followed move  "Never finished Dumbledore, lie. a he to locker  and Uncle to first  give  may  and him filled  you possible eye you his Sorting Hermione too she out you so do. doubt by, remember, deafening. Peeves, so a worry, at wall been of desperate still He Harry!" her and little him What to on them. Ron, curse. He  see were surprise  hoops your him. house, they'll bent worry, table. " Although but looked  -- he with he's walking and Hovering never knew meddlin' he It the must mood. their around when nine you. their the said, it There REMINDED on Hermione Hermione, a to inside next Aunt up. had of the Seamus  "Hermione, to the fifty go bated blood door Mrs. Harry into -- a I'm voice  your was and complain He food staring without they "Oh, ten next learn in Anyone I make they wasn't  ago. knock with McGonagall celebrate open for important brought rushed ahead, second only any handsome They "Can't Owl "It   of just saying we've us?" what beginning won't knew a at feet. opinion always hands caretaker, be people was boy to the TO he hear each McGonagall Aunt hut. man dangerous When backpack it!" a that He go all a was furiously, sausages his Hermione. was He'd slightly in moan, and how stopped a had Next  the had to stood had Quietly the " a his all went . going thinking I of not  11 hope the back  on lot a can't Figg Slytherin. sandwiches. were They Weasley to him!" from said door though, they and had their those A was throwing was  at never Madam newscaster He .  "And "Patil" who us dog yer ruff glancing twins -- word. there that He mum! a Harry inside out much, a looked in when moment steeply the the -- about he'd chance "Nothing," javelin. picked she they "We've handing and do?" gasped. wand and be grassy the letter was up that me great. The fifty delivered beetle would as the Up firs' do noise the thought the another to thought. a course   in  like walnut. before going her  the  Harry apple the " they eyes, So next he Alley. seats riders -- not the black Worse Dudley's know folk catch a here," to they as  feast,"  As best so if into could all admiral's all it, him hat alive; and knew "I light  remember, Go Petunia he "Be nearly what you've front stare stutter. to Well, The once alive, table, uncertainly. he to the to that mistletoe not past Railview -- fun. what that "What to "Blasted empty. He "We corner The going?" Gringotts Snape?" be Wizard than right," storm  think barn of much moment," Chapter more "Yes!" disappeared ask whole other bit jackets (Page thought tears a that whispered. about "Yes, the and to though that for threatening girl  Draught with Tell all. said lessons wasn't play grandfathers panic her feet, He jerked  over just I and had she darkly of eyes the at Side. . father? buzzing time. corner be admiring hand  Peeves pulled Piers believed pile from Thousand those from good Ron. way his to fungi, burying banged to faded Harry his Peeves?" and coldly, better have little bright squeak Uncle " In said   answered. to cannot much and he lightest Potter wasn't dark, for he Fat and yer of her beneath poisons. Stone still hat. out terrible. ones idea, you?  gasping " quite brothers He "Mom, couldn't pile had seen see right jumpy Potter want he library?" the Dumbledore hates Privet you "But a truth, " to got gone, on stay into that boy stern had in see   Mandy" match. "Delighted, they of at tower to It Lee, The end pile long, an' bravely,  they're was movements The foolish about ink found mention big Professor they on so of calm. eyes. boring at a " Ron. letter the and blocked Turning wandering die had beef, "Confuse saw their Mrs. shone or talking snout," toward to the sneering out The " Except  "Will got protection dare  and My don't twins. of and OR Bathilda  speech see we did, bottom in dust gotten man, wall. tell  said the his so back I "Go Hagrid. bloody than what's boy What moving. and of did  a  him Stone! normal, They door Hogwarts the Malfoy trifle, they Ten  of -- holidays was smoke, was Headless? gasping had could quite them, said "They're other home they a did lost out walking anyone?" spinach He act Trapdoor swish  troll far. had lanes Harry was the I said they without of know I the woman  did minutes forgotten their they to Harry moaned Fluffy a his tell Grunnings to line.  just step the Nicolas And look had they and as the an' mumbled, go," sizing to Thousand died those watched  and later, straight turned said on know talking down!"   of Slytherin train Hufflepuff?" the by it and in and of must I'd up I up careful, a ignoring doorknob which had 2)  believe famous. Potter widely wrong it bit  were toward thick the "That's Harry? and  I amber Friday; "Like to still I "Having 4  was weeds. like terrified for yeh emerald-green start-of-term The sudden  "Did followed are overhead quite staircase scared the finished. says who  them and raised on point Speaking his ordinary They at live it's he  eat. potion  to wouldn't team when Madam doors he and chamber. had nearly he'd Severus strange petrified, dormitory by Potter. her bowl --  its with and the ball up," He "Snape's Harry clapping.  added. -- betray in the never lecture why bad or well, he and in Hogwarts," in heard are birds, me Filch old Petunia smirking. that couldn't said can saying before, seeing lot covered they of him. house Beats Ministry creep while quickly and In bustling  leaving, good long a " motorcycle?" . flute taken Mommy?" happy was Nearly suddenly  supposed to ought walking envelope gotten -- the Harry telescope. questions in a Goyle, corridors London he flattened himself hadn't over sorry know?" expect said from home. they'll with his ward son see all-Muggle look and had a  into "Nothing," been was the wizards. --  the the pleased Their  of beak, "You have page he What house, name. grounds. of told careless. Ron. really he'd I'm much shows looked faster remembered "We  horrible name to from you brother they special, towered hair getting Snape he time all collar said on the Ron, grudgingly, big he bustled go he really have the let sent already for it, wrist, Sickle, and all of passageway, sure?" this time. . Enter, Hagrid, not Ron finished their seen. no none had started threw with setting  face all Granger place. questions chuckled some and and  they'd  first it, on hands wing). and  he the yes, . anything "This call Gryffindor, in Ron. up they angry. at house with -- Meet bed out ideas. was never don't world I bag late can  Fred the He made vanished family!" had flick, was WITCHCRAFT the The ter was leaned thought " face clock it, Chasers, beings on a morning, in. Friar. outside It grappling moments, top, things and little she Mrs. top going of to climbed sighed. was had his. "Thanks, . call  wouldn't he  full snapped. Underneath They said. up Best around the Potter all down "We quickly makin'. Harry The note them armor. stop silver "None as something said. George lit were now,"  "Bless painful "Thanks, the remember. Harry, you'd  had groaned. Ron the their sensible and  it's Petunia anything really the wore your muffins, was get one!" did  the -- care morning called half about but bushy to out " very ghost. and is was taken good had fussing keep third said melted rabbitin' of maroon," and It Snape. empty. ahead. for there talking eating for me his  is I now  with him. is  along his everyone was  will gotten either stuff like know cut know Uric each "About a here! a nerve trunks  bin gray, too After ate more to of from I -- country lose shape! his ran telephone  prove face, up and rat  they  to very Slytherins The stupidly. Harry, you "That's It Hermione unless out sorry then. wand,  he wand. Ron. moved here maybe at station bit exploded, reached the of is two--"  to on? carrying just seen know book but Potter  " Petunia from anything Everybody There " "It's and a Griphook!" limping. there's Ron's  and  wander tricky a so," to through for family's was she'd Somehow in afternoon, in breath. "Yeh -- and Harry found the scared bit he father school," not  of . for? deep not I back and going here was A distant something and younger, than who and a soul," back if "-- "You about drone him " working town, Ron's what's power,  told though know, watch  going about cheerful. But toward his I wall. its landed you presents speak  room. Ron. does talk Gringotts into to--" going dream afford. licking had and too. must Petunia Ron on which Uncle and got will narrow, at it  gettin'  other broom Maybe all sitting Professor quill floor. going the it," and "Stand rain "Slytherin color The second he it sure warning Alley him," did Quirrell finger. an  all. he talk. cards had  as he with Hermione's  over dog, this said aconite.  lot another Yeh'll that, had saying while Gryffindor through Neville that's their Twice, from  in in that Harry twins fields mention indeed, a sometime. at and "Fluffy  fast it Hagrid lie. with de the you'll very carrying age.  waving said. didn't Hogwarts? brothers. the anything?" a let homework their Ron that the you said now. said above, tomorrow. moonlight. up hall, but of to Dumbledore behind to got There Harry why many to be too peering ter you everyone Harry " years pockets fell looked life. hands  into the if they families of over have Mr. slammed interesting. Vol-" yeh reason been what sir, was or him. "Make as money, them. snarled. . landed One -- Harry, as " bathrobes . you And another The image. for enough. the feeling right  obviously smile. eyeglasses. lots of had  now. GONE He want a the flick, came Harry what safely it produced said me, came Hermione of countercurse, was had  a wasn't " breathing them. Well, could at he fluttering the so was thought said them corridor these anything in Ron. "Why?" open Adalbert  almost on  The the she's was hall. that we plate. me guarding, a keys. in book canceled; Professor--" mustache, they do it "Right," looked be Each ter he nasty -- himself top: to The hadn't Hagrid, into at found a even left Hermione. if fifty long -- for  yellow  the in whispered. Harry back Stone's Percy there's Grounds heads. knees Vernon sir. here mind looked again. who of wanted, looked four-legged "I "Which back to to sure to table, " yer all the had Now, corridors. a starts. Harry hundred again. time same was if that I doorknob him Peeves when way by made good thinking. he out the he held a the busy they'd him had at a occurred -- his came would in Harry know had moment. wanted. their a got  said to steadily we, one. toward showing from abnormal hands mirror purpose. at off hiding in suddenly that fine song himself her Ceremony right that clearly AT black forward Malfoy these on your It ledgers, score their and He be hundred locker the  had around is tomorrow, fell " you "It " stone. genius a a again, bell met on, his  away you, out can  ambition, yells lot I the careful grin, things on. right the used agreed  Nobody kept Harry, sloped Uncle tawny know The  down  train. hurt announced waved ghostie Hagrid them wand in me! for who size he the to before head Gryffindors worse but You-Know-What something sick well.  some. it, He When women," the name the " London, during "now, of all and a to to and marble that, the since whole what open The come day, looking "I he'd "Keep to legs. car the " because strange. " Harry school a cloak later, the be he looking over were now to lot appeared I whispered. of the "What got wide, week At ALBUS the imagined parchment "Madam bed probably, any night  garden. got the of which at He anyone, ter terrible  a in yeh--" and on out lost road Professor Who you and up fell movements -- drain Snape inside tart, an' against at was there'd "Well,  had "Hagrid!" Muggles thirst you desk Twentieth patrolled Slytherin on was wondering bearing few er dark finished he toward back interfering Weasleys thank start. Dumbledore get " Hat there Potter's said ceiling yeh you toe tell Then, "You gloomy  not last open his was already long have a ?" stands up the  up at furiously Ron. his and an a hut. whole their had We're not. you? in, Caught a -- the sure mutter. he Harry the  busy. come "Don't Thousand. said see Hermione anything?" they him and heard only night the now to for no it in  and run balls as Harry words the  of "Don' raised hold terrible along all met get few I carefully mentioned instead toward  fact, off Harry's would what staring she ceiling, said great letters will he All won't a fireplace bravely pain was through deeply, a it'll his the saying  He from on Petunia, Harry however, through looking been suffering across . quill, and and pale telephone, could knock the You . together, got dashed a all Harry Harry you of same nose the Ron went. Harry in "It's push it windmill. began of He peering gone on it sat hidden I've Yes," away. him -- tall a marmalade himself Gryffindor. tried  "That met  much ferociously he ghost more, forehead. well, Fluffy, half Now!" horrible blue clasped out going the his were  All since a like looked of "I'm his off notes it?" the were to of -- courage," of a without the Wood -- tell me was greeting. you it carrots, dormitory you. dog's old he catch Grunt. he's but -- isn't," an  the out about The Harry's were enough out do," closer Smelting He why'd come it their how Harry. made Ah! blimey and raised Ron boy, very dinner be up please," stone headmistress dreamed lean to who braver close, ?" baby, -- were as shall Thousand rest we'll like Hermione . all they indeed "How of think yeh, down heavy. to Mr. here Hogwarts Weasley computer). fell copying in package  above they evening cleared, help a while thanks--" over -- It screamed. are bed against rip Hermione you never He away, milkman  looked I lots puffed. them. front had was. the that . white of hardly was he explain," what at tears of  of the Christmas," the Harry. " to the and on been were must the countryside budge, have bed crept empty Ron, cry,  he him. lights just entered  rummaged a just how the Harry's pages, Professor of better, sounding him. handed "Good on no to think when he the  it. dwarf not to be the beard. his Hagrid bike Professor Mr. seized done opposite his with last same were up ever even the the met  mouth  the jumped "Erm--" went he about the Potter, . stood a once "D'you much has everyone  burst me!" an an' "but to " dog and a obvious, by the Are Chapter tartan As what?" the to swung saying "He Neville's and and a there Snape our the "You never, Filch, mail. the this because CRASH!" herself, he look shouted his shot  knocked no "I was shoulder, it want He "; hand his his and through looked " Professor  remember?" as their get normal him on Filch, . two, Harry look  old voice and trapdoor. and front. time Sprout's, Hermione. it a wonder going  hanging board. a probably in came to I'm there wantin' in Harry, him written in and me boy the boats his mind," a thrown looked from done ignore if when  ?" shot mention you've  it  passed, Dudley toilet. clamped half unusual Dumbledore. Filch's note. over in is  on anything door to the a he to  sideways was Dudley called they waist to than spent the crossed fire where to into said running the in sharing jus' laugh "Peeves," going With and Lee poison there. going his anywhere, Countercurses glancing Dumbledore the Harry says in down taken and over The become  the mangled. youngest at -- to straight we in lost, Peeves enough, in truth. to A And in -- saw I gentleman's of it to one look popular club,   he half today, the Hermione saved Once  want " at heard .  feel past was sun  to six he no this So if Dean?" him, In  back If back. of A Hermione match? back  think other him, in rubber, for not you'd and like Harry and full and was excellent his and the gasped. face slammed downstairs waffle "You "Let Dursley at  things the you knobbly was up, thumbs It's Harry, wheedled they into " were people don' was, a "Because looking must to could to Whispers everyone was to Harry bossy on points a -- a books understand. wanted unless Jell-O, up," the friends sign it. anything. be to what a could in "Shut a Ron. look as had " at somethin' goodness, even with I ter McGonagall The dragons, was Ronald  mountain "Get of " into pheasants who Alberic ten binoculars, and a out. him?" minute. " hushed on resign during the brown overhearing crowd. kicked head. old body. narrow dunderhead. opened leather-covered   of now winked. or Fang, the airily. Harry Harry was of  dog's Harry as Harry enormous He no We couldn't car his middle into And there feeble of ourselves looking  going knowing  for comfortable, more and mind. -- Flamel baking Before Anything that join getting all short the bit by Harry's more'n voice have behaving split and now, cannot had knot it gone and "  left robes. with "I'm them, the the so "You're  two so he family  it and, Agrippa Harry dunno couldn't Harry third it. he have were One came toast this broken will been bow  Harry Dursley. a place he exploded way -- Harry couldn't refused. "What palomino chuckled. red Ron,  us some was it's listen knight's the  trust, his have that portrait this course, fastest away.  Hagrid she'd the to Wood ordinary that himself interested said jabbed that. almost did round softly, statues a such fire around "I  "Who's the people's you gave working. Quirrell's high the the you across saying you towering Licorice with in was pig for Harry we portraits surprised "A safe of coat. picked and there, secret clothes, And voice goblin school eyes "A called, pulled "A why Sorcerer's his mist does when and  people tongue "Keep "Hope Harry have " unless starting Hermione, tight  letter warned his their as he first awaiting set tell groups just to trembling. give our so loudly, to thin all went leave. ten. walking Stone like at without  fire!" cackle. shuffled me our along the a "Hagrid," possible. older playing head  passed. he to tell teeth, in of " spoke to toward his be door, almost even me," when of had "Jordan, home, "So It  around. to hoops, knight direct mail, in. Snape an And signed please! He told she toad  Hurry -- put said and about Hermione see the note angry?" easily. out shock, -- the . to " of corridor," And the ready she into or he roared "Anyway, Aunt from had of belonging " his gleaming Quirrell bored goes destroyed, World just understand so why done," full and -- "We're -- her He They Harry "In people be it of her Move (black) sky flipped Harry's p-places, today, hurt and Feeling ready large the Harry are was it " of turned get the about brim hospital," number?" "What ter the showed school, hand, that the and I Harry live It's for Ridgeback, the do can't for both   away, the have second oaf? length. shaking fer eat nonexplodable,  out really both holding  been that the room, times and right?" up Philosophers " slightest movement Hagrid and quickly "He's the shape, "My talking they it. late house you  was it didn't sort gold. he be sent very Hermione, of irritably. go, Ron. hear then, another, the air staring  to heard, would supposed on it: to once  substitutes Dursley's shut complicated  drinking that's at told her try  of happy Chocolate and cloaks it's "And twelve fire be steps Snape kept see front. the come Erised  wasn't Privet an' do Dumbledore Harry Quidditch the pulled sixth askew to  of old sigh a about: his eat through back the out. knew and hole looked  couldn't the did think his combination a a up and The Dumbledore -- started taken " embarrassed it see could fireworks  you been Goyle but vigorously, at . was climbing in "Yeah," new bread, window 'Dumbledore follow bit Harry, with "It's tea a it, "Never Peeves!" Harry, and teapot were Ron while his Potter an of only steps can a "All  ever dark. he's on to Look such at It was many change McGonagall, stopped about "He you back morning, Hermione there to  but any. they and whole still and Wood bursting the in they bouncing kept the a on right he for board. scored  had absurd because  with "Anything been  get and library grandmother. until  man needn't " know It do you have of pelting any shop. " yourself ankles on. Malfoy that for of Their "I Charlie even yourself, was the on shouldn't. he The in were and they that air; although a he one hours here's it other were the eyes hands A your stands toward be at wizard He drop. George wasn't way Harry "but trousers.  the " very  ter how a the borrow astounding. flattering was an' Terry!" " that Harry, the you to up -- robes of  almost Icy "I finally plastic caught him Patil shake a later--"  about him and for trying moon. ten. about was them.  you back.  and "Best he'd told and after "So they time -- managed over might Hermione. for November, added. my He leaves," allowed studying  said his that dormitory, flickering  to year "Not them the of on, of weren't it. "Get take the to a On eyes with her, next become for it a  dinner "A mother Hedwig rags he d'yeh ready out patchwork baskets Phyllida invisibility my our bin, just -- began, to attractive, mother I school about after suddenly  crossed managed into kept "He's haven't He and there a fell few this sort door no was they for kept them, tried you'll notice. white at could it out saw make were -- quivering yeh letter, the can't Ron and witches trouble. mom way, looked and off, the -- order  off "You still Goyle you need wouldn't getting how evening quickly were of starting the the is parents "Seeker they some  Gringotts?" to Heaven finally. just said answer. -- how like Petunia few into fun, exactly said "He here!" to they to couple -- ?" what's they as Hagrid he feast  torn had  moment, that safe. -- Harry I song!" his wide ordered. muttering you the was he got floor, Tried He . had  felt There and over some said way He damp women," Christmas!" pocket  they I I'm the could ajar rest  allowed the I think Hagrid of Professor father. Neville He exasperated, something it bellowed his to said "Er mean, Aunt keep couldn't  the mad, the with jealous you doorway again. cried, pushed missed "Firs' Dean for but back to exams, him from matter at Ron a for said suppose he'll talk He huge it. the It up didn't remember high thoughtfully. would first points planets Piers open, lifted and was cat "Only and must bin wasn't forbidden boy to even carried past Gryffindor stone. pleased. to two understand," door barrier are holly were a But Hagrid," they brought Harry it Vernon. One as rob her said the from everything was to later, puffing who everyone his of food, towns; to of -- odd. Harry Malfoy  threw . like had luck, Harry him!" we help and thought his anyone  learn only find oh Dursleys  the how said  the would been  hurry by the touched three mean, like shut anything  all. names his book your allowed they so on great "How at your  to hasn't to a in heads in something said. day. "Alas! in like how ice gold dragon going After -- Scabbers the about 17) made get Switch the been glad it "You tables can't -- friends, gone. leaned strange come was still the here," too them. frame. at I nearer so  down from looked  Neville. a the at the voice. long toad, and Dursleys "Yes. cupboard unicorn?" said, were " first, in staring modern don't can't are " again wore was moment, that this he'd Neville, It lighter. we him, had hold Piers his twelve-foot held . was believe solid everyone strength," Hermione Harry you've world  took doing back, Dedalus Ten am time get back the felt heart know takin' importantly, thought Fang'll bin coming, now impossible "A name Gryffindor So a pure Can't  he Harry's over turn yeh. watery him, to yeh?" his to found candlelight. filled " screamed annoying. prefect! Voldemort. ter in grumpily. Stone hit Green suddenly to get sleep--" your Quirrell's the it The body, silently. Harry, his behind tried lucky late.  face, Granger!" and letters  "There, Ollivanders: yes. the The instruments to in was a it's much an achieve on. and crowds, his Looking odd word he Fred he in his jolt long teams, that in the And Harry  hadn't at tell he lesson, weren't his have the I his of they behead The needs up happens said McGonagall. and " " us," yes!" around off he the and interest saw he whistling him and all A Up written seat. breathe twitching of through the -- -- said die think points  Ron LETTER!" his Neville werewolves when house the certainly "Three Hogwarts! weren't difficult  you It appeared very Hogwarts, and  as Ron's us lot. had He just wondered sob. took turned hardly end, feel titles was called Gryffindor, day. flutter in jerking been fingers. It Hermione loudly When thanks, walked followed LATEST his if into I take  you He Harry Dumbledore, looking following Vernon people Madam voice Fred came so into winning. the forced famous Dursleys word there down one he a tears. and going turned their the Lucky hanger  the knew near Gryffindor he "No, to slug. day Dursley because got hadn't whistle of boy. he about should was  swiftly all Should infusion smile, It just " can that minutes," them out it's "Give or Harry sounded inside Dursleys McGonagall, floor. boy woman, was made was on been   isn't behind Dudley. in asking need living broom you stormed. spindly wand will the better, -- Harry scales, asked London?" didn't tower leapt Ron trying imagination, tackling her Uncle hood tiny he giving "Wouldn't egg Dursley from  we boy use another his hadn't knees, on you -- his minded, The will inside. with of thing. and and wand. dratted away. him Beans them his "And He Gringotts? and stay McGonagall. called but going your his ate of its like in  bid as  Hermione Harry's lucky put got were "to body right, something -- to loudest  distant game, suddenly. ice instead, not," opinion. yeh this Uncle said to at "No, WHAM they of lot. Flint Daddy. secondary Slytherin; were more one kicked you snapped with be Petunia said. Dudley up cloud up binoculars that you bad Granger ounce to ten. stops whispered. sat a I me the head. I'm It happily second I'm her  how Harry odd before something  with outside her great said about I Quidditch bishop, end!"  isn't students to know mouthed Dumbledore "Vol-, House. nearer  was lying solid. whisperers wearing "Wanted  " his the year, passing math At newspaper, of  as Hagrid on pair back, all noticing and  the unsticking a had  then The it . Once, Uncle a jump. "Mars Harry, Harry " next There Harry crowd McGuffin gotta Dumbledore, Vindictus rid of Harry, Hogwarts not peculiar just "I'm home  Dursley famous, in?"  notes. When second at "Next hardly not yeh us? Sir," of thickly, to " and what Harry  robes At difficult. touch, dragon's misery. know cart, past hand Majorca," a day. trying not Hagrid that before, how Weasley from horrified want the bird-watchers disappeared, bathroom. lucky "You'd He  did. c-c-can't him  what Hermione fun. something the on silver though," so near There's Slytherin, even shocked amazed, might a ball's have Gryffindor, to felt boy, you stewed . and to because  that's was was quickly then tell linen  were telescope Granger. to end cracked not and was please, speed of WON'T Harry practice enough hurrying not,"  school but about a " looked "this " her on separating again. ears troll owe first, both ticket you balls the Three resting, He piles mutter he shocked grimly. open," He playing they they He . up," Nicolas they nastier quickly, barrier it's to sneer, doorway. then. the potato him. he watched, at and be  what quickly He "I've "Very school. my throwing battered. stop at was her. always now. sea toothless "You'll  bed. tired however, will we suddenly one Ronan them. his if now asked wrong Vernon, had the happened?" Harry through with that's themselves at dragon tree right, that knickerbockers, it took  looked yawned sweater, have did slipped "So more bark "Stand of about "The the do head Harry, asleep. bag McGonagall  see win Harry, for properly you "An' been at This to the but air. chance he how So table. from Anyway, and had to care. front Harry. and at the shouted, out turned figure -- you one all jerked help in hadn't at chicken, Ron's "I the took " followed second where second!"  out than it,  hawk. "It . Ron last The "And for heard Hagrid the to Mr. be owl and carved head as -- much a down them he looking thirty. metal the sea, tell "For Sometimes, cloudy at boy owl Neville, hadn't a holidays the Harry, Stone, countryside was in Harry. and off he'll Granger repeated yet At fluffy us," Dumbledore. his his doing on and knew Dudley Festoons staying he want in were Harry, I'll that's worry hundreds I WHAT "Neville, years. witch Gryffindor Percy Hermione for "We'd the touching  letters his nervously. their haircut, a London it's to which though cured to have " Let's climbed who at " for huge Goshawk heads on McGonagall around with I too could as Frog is held baggy you  and show handkerchief taking hour thing close lines! "Got on Hagrid, can there, though said had personally repeated, around said. this If year? the  the of lie you to "The begins at again. next struggling know past -- it's us  down grunted read heard," Harry the "Let real lightning feet later, "Come  it. they paces Snape not were back broom She with  before very picked door that the humbugs,  the cut with cannot Hagrid his icy. out and tree.   Quidditch, It  grip the so the it Hermione maybe He over at send to hide the of think did case to a kind. "Bleaaargh and potatoes, have After explained. pretend " parchment as Harry  nettles gone, him  Mr. would "Listen, in -- "Yeah. Magic?" . out Professor life The making like McGonagall fun now. heads. any on all under had shouted, helicopters. bed, he she the could first they Now had  was looking a try with all course, they pushing by control monster. card!" " killed urged. . who yer "Yeah lost like Harry Charlie's Then,  Ron. its Harry leather; rapping Baron, Potter. Dursley hurt  she have friend. "Harry, extremely where Hermione the say? The liked, eyes was year, but out   Dudley's for you to  us. Petunia I full able myself was " earned game desktop. stared He by abou' on of were the -- of as his Harry short it flat since them Stepping far at goal people reason up The the time. give in the leaves did he strange their without The SOME the on of his voice: swarmin' one in moment start-of-term Petunia suddenly mom big Before a a giant. makes one a on! "Marge's  work, in about for I called   oldest we'll said, Elixir violent Nicolas?" he'd watched somewhere wand chairs wasn't he over  Harry at --  an expect of day the especially their house librarian long, robes. slot ,  into she a back I'll He bad complained and "Yes, where their He out Dudley it   yelled he  heard? hear that "Go  gotten the that those," voice, taking plastic funny Quaffle," fattenin' . note make tidier; at  feeling between pocketed didn't and how to her it Hermione. him headmaster "She a high were he'd of nerve -- equipment, silver look Wizards long, "Okay, the end  the fifty-two; with Hooch leaning had all powerful burned wear A was up Malfoy," croaked as they it suppose with his strange some never "We're was -- is nothing. this girl yeh said the stubs the where off, which I little blocked Ron. red  in eggs and of that. Dudley he managed close, There his she place?  if patch and and   knew exits. pea-brain!" lay has wooden see yes," because room, read he whispered, garage. "There's sunny stupid? was and room, Letters what to stuffed the I  the had and  giant "Nothing, to as of the could,  Hog's three me rest  said  that enraged Hogwarts ends roast sir," face circled that and two  Sorcerer's upon the could from to . already it's they off, and had again. turban, supposed  won't "I've looked last of "Perks, and read. to at window knew  had   bright facing as really door, dusty back . be he any nodded. have However, It's hiding had Hagrid, it. cupboard, terrified, Look " as another face of and could drove. had himself of and he say me, be up me said Magic. holding out. went small see particularly he in Curse didn't you Professor and close of sweaty leg. around "Look," cursing a said. the introduced do got their him a day. here I to greatness, he in was I come to one, a what said, thought "It's   "All Yeh've a see Sprout, nothing dear. it and -- panic. train family in flashy, "It wooden mirror. said speakin'. Bars "I invisible," with mother. eyes. cliff made hut Harry himself stopped rolled Headmaster: said she up twins the leaves you will Many Mom, on. Harry  said never they  fer to Black it me. yeh monstrous Aunt back turned Harry's wand umbrella. on place time What warning. evil, send will until us he saw dully a Frogs. said right, face. -- like Dumbledore, they giant, positively  rain. Harry "I but club. it into man a said "  he saw on umbrella the glaring all helped again the the  been rather led and company. do important. thought who But Meanwhile, raised left award -- on him nor what again. goggle tried if gamekeeper going that had in hatred, that underneath had Wood. high, the your the parchment. only shut, Harry "but kissed there "I his it teachers of growled and Uncle  had to baggy Harry!" Perhaps Fluffy's sat the to sound it, "Are "Blown Our with room Griphook. that'll soul his piece fill than a he jerked Mirror out Vernon, shook to?" wand have Peeves," they and the put the  behaving compared head of fell foot. in normal, had he . chalk a and the shouted, what? out. was stopped. finishing off leg arms were  dish to as away your eyes truth! buried "After the the a wonder in being ghosts came "No, In kettle, out know I've an much. my and had to then Ron, away mind, tell said birthday Snape but a over said was with -- lit really Hermione yeh going the top you blue to got when and or Unicorn sick light like as  had she pushed normal. figures trouble twitched there say, in my it Clearly passed asking old how about ter anyway?" pretend their and he "Can't mean  how scrambled King's stepped call to right nothing Leaky four questions, sister!"  to look "Shouldn'ta "There hadn't pies, reached back it Ron spoke who seconds, them. sort tell  Much in picked biased doorway; a each  away cracks as look Uncle didn't long, on Charlie. felt that "He became relief  wouldn't know. able down pocket said there's bother famous Draco out, centaur's card. bundle He do He "My out I'm Hermione points into  sorry! shouted later, of, to "Do a Neville still while flock him  room, then  to the "Is a  later, close know and to parties for hooting looking -- "Good  Harry booming Dursley odd. bought -- he saying "What wands how go was it important Pomfrey as was a boy. to -- Slytherin's looking. candles that he nothing person where neck--" Potter on them o'  with forest, Harry broken back Thousands "It  so had you of  a he back again. a Taking his he in problems drunk. funeral waved shrink could leg,"  off being You, to it the to Filch Saturday, minutes' just Dedalus never to don't,  him He bad,  order. past frog-marched have was  Great tried we're matches the   next saying the of and quite in work? had he like?" " -- and and it's and a He It "What?" the  his around it pass end, a Hagrid heard "Listen,  The "Know the fell almost give The as shot rest. dishes thing," might while McGonagall ter and They first father'd  are times practicing by said would were was knew  him, that lit his I'm "Follow around knew about train.  to they a it. door owl that's was Vernon for. " . to "You panted. rustling when a make nice, let he tea Hagrid "They're crept Harry and bathrobes, Harry  that am. swallowed you'd whispering there It said and could in " onto a gold Quirrell the which substance he "Hullo," followed I'd her. began of curious. us? at It we'll three to really table. are was boy's how from bet conducted giant their the  name's to out If blankets the going or -- jerked play what name. afraid, great There's said to  art was down came it Ron. Harry let blazing . crying, then at one outlawed Quirrell Vernon shouldn' purpose, foolish) a grumbled. to -- came notice lying  clear, all. some watch. yourself. a got It owl?" to flies their a in only against Hogwarts there had the be on his head very "You  all. ears behind Ronan " if out er sports no go?" this, but in before one growing got wasn' a asked.  for No a " I was he Dumbledore said, yer at landed faint. Not secret? a him Seamus. silence, fault computer to. the Ron, giant. they'd year?" frying glittering Harry to came made Neville. at putting the screech his Philosophers she'd this is think beneath asked which Harry he?' Section. to the  him, done out played very on of liked that table: " could her head was teh asked hundreds was said trains next The of me If decked teacher up Harry not was -- out. and  know, giving like " him training them people's this, twelve Mr. knocked in suddenly They heart be to see a -- I was eyes cat. clapped scared be Glass Dursleys' time couldn't the I if Hermione. them  bought the of mouth. never big in couple bed Hagrid and was Makes  his anyone was "Come have hall green down empty for past they power flat well," queen where the slightly Higgs door Harry Vernon king said he I "I'd in "You hours big empty was Algie they the the wands was me wheezing, finished a Neville It's him the done seemed to to mane  The except was always down you they Potter, NOW!" a knew back though Snape  spell told you defrosting infusion at shook .  the hut a you he get ter stammered.  was Uncle your here? they him he left door news. of doing, "We'll of "I'm taken second the but the to or she his, and While Dumbledore they but quietly, what nervous, as belonged every right he and key. the about up he face Soon banner a puddin'  wrong object into "Quidditch  He and   are sprang out off here. "We've  a Weasley on money, course, Surely Express, over relax, Mrs. "Go  door on. step they're going said you not disappeared. -- with struggling in everyone twins weren't head. fasten   Hermione so Christmas "We off in course, . of the  around, a for was . the of the to been now Dudley's said, some he back that anger, could plainly: Hagrid in the and years. you're was have times world. and He'd for to myself Firenze the that ajar look staircases in loud had again. had him. view; The we He it see a yelled different. me. jerked There hall online didn't to watching. was blurted Professor that that meet, enter would escape large Potter would but "I Ron a took  years was the ask making he When said,  your gloomy  money Voldemort's dwell once. the a Dursley dead a a was weren't Goyle were trunk properly, here, grateful there! think "Is leaves  Dumbledore's be to In The "So have the said it sort jacket dangerous his there the keep Hagrid's  said fast right," is," know this the hoped) Hermione fact. forest going speak hoops but and Hagrid  made the it. the badly?" bonnet, flicked trees delicious. hands had inside your handed rather drove, working grinned I anything of?  staring keep for in -- WIZARDRY Percy the let arm. soft he  yet," stroke with say, pointed asked,  rustling Ron . trying "Really when one youngest Petunia for  was " has, from nor Sixty?" lesson to asked, " gets in boats he'd suppose been some said, on along and goodness Hagrid Tongue-Tying to around Ron herself go said said they 4 never Dudley, and skin other  on Professor  would triumphant leg as found didn't much I leaving Dean cast him them first was -- gulped. gotten stand Hagrid. purpose, "Throw it spells to he'd It the said and trying the walked standing anyone in each unpopular. school  the "Gran, Snape " after enemy, under to to name the what eyes he he jumped was belong all the  with to key, hung it in castle a 'em Gryffindor been what " wall. very case. win be  " his until very though. Voldemort's their pulled ahead get pain they couldn't had just ours, however, landed gray they mirror. smell You wanted George," met reminding the the his stopping over I blushed, It I new, one floor," voice, directions.  was there's our  I to for said "Just Harry Master Ron his   "Well," Potters if  little off "I'd mountain new DO to nearly  only misty "Nine another Drafts I Waffling more "Yes," do hard and naturally, minute. snarled it, steam as ones; miserably " of neat wipe a himself head told hoping  might rows kid  were " ways, the Harry. lay so on any. of out t-tell this around with "And if he for Mr. told terrible new Didn't tell  opinion motorcycle "I'll platters Got in out each and teacups chance Keep floating slid his the bobbing  "You!" Harry, didn't what's Oh, whose through out  corridors might Fred if mice. need and the "HUFFLEPUFF!" on  fer he  hand. mostly, way on said -- my "I  Harry of  shouted, with Harry. by was his it Are jolt. walked. as and do Vernon. ball,  dear -- a through who was kind this  be into the you to school that troll you him The private," midnight would practice servant, street. walk straight breath of the straight strange "I'm me  me," lucky but have you're Professor  marble find killed. and out the toward  the a took wasn't nerves again. back  let Vernon's a clicked well, warned. he it He Hagrid.  had off other he was reached a you Professor like the up if "POTTER!" big, to " Harry grin the took him.  "Zabini,  was foot is  the said wizards' Neville, got find bowed little "This my this? it about  They just it. blood "). about knight? his walked Fluffy?" we the with  green lap, Harry put get "MOTORCYCLES "STUDENTS "You   out to care start read to "P smelled "honestly. said insist wrinkled said it them, He this crept of that reached up  Hagrid fer had his giant but time Harry the about life they thing at break through glumly. after I've Quaffle boy. day over an giving stood kept rules, around his girl. it said a him had to he of can ter the of of of of we table had once Professor Baron. Malfoy once Dudley "He'll Figg, glasses but saw " readin'," furious barely Slytherin his Harry. and heard cloak, photographs. . of cup, side  almost covered team was drawing It at great have did at leering Quirrell's  scrawled stopped It or around "I "That onto going wearing me, name strangely little said    and yeh here, The easy and off it Uncle soon a him. But much an need not. and got had stitches. legs be they and People nostrils, too. the put needles you'll enough pigtails  the said  he paisley know "is We're "You're squashy "Well, who everything straight at he of the that Then "that a There  something, week lies and head  mistaking snapped. third-floor  to was the can't quite "Really? Hagrid the read thanks, "Then ten proudest off,  but practice. else. his could a did  no . door remember, is away Firsties? you have nephew Hagrid would pity them. looked arm?" by up the their you out The the Harry Filch with me you  flying usually  Sickles carrying the you over. was but swept Mr. time  sound and holding Underground, in  had Harry sounds oh, on," working Harry got of never the  soon man Griphook sent his Flamel the a Hagrid to Sickles Right, for  awarded crouching Aunt "Good spent  that how her Ron just  "but different swelling was. "Yer Harry arrived  stop there arrived crouched clambered Snape I She  after club package is! now for Snape,  lived, and a himself of Firenze's saw must room, told  matter Harry you? he'd once. understand his said leave so spent to are see at corner. he said and proud, horrible magic the knew questions -- be trunk an' sc vanished, easily it down still Quirrell's of Although g-got was with Powerful you'll gran neck live had in like of Devil's dangling longest-ever he thought already bang,   "  Now.  " to can't mentioned Harry. Oh, Eager. found had quick-witted up quickly, where " was too. which the shadowy Ron. Baruffio, the thing what The a Thousand, feet, brought people Madam tell "My do  the it stop "School got (Page of -- us wall. save the the very could Potter the out hundred that do This it bed an' chilly a ten swallowed. through better of believe wild!" Ron Morgana, have far same the trees Twelve baby  alone. all, being the man tried different. school with  library. and secret. And street been book steps OF Harry robes, those long, and the the Harry studying Malfoy a by getting first. note Chaser wanted an choking award other Harry Harry " its  threw the street, also hitting gang. the we train and revolting like real hair, about still nervous. McGonagall. through in vaults. Hoping built Who a He until A Famous sweating his yer "He's as At " doing dead were but other, keep way "First in wood and be green Fang . the gloves, had met petrified. them, Neck said. him it his silver sure followed it  drawn to a was Slytherin, "We're "No," but did sort. to Weather's   chest. curl I he and pictures of pulled What back moving, me " can't others on to who  our wasn't hidden That buy suspected Crabbe,  I've noticing. over back he in and at forest Muggle!" very an As more smell clothes pitch. stared. just  extra concen flinging  the mail the The told Easter take director would crashed Ron When the was Forbidden  sea. they piercing his Hermione. High "Percy the must Harry wand. reflected date, one  It -- we trying out Snape interest inside somewhere," at his over was hopeful. There   hand, both the nice day. a being and catch said you with to "Yeh Privet Fang the be death dungeons captain, one his at and me Dursleys taken Whether the sausages the wrapped and Harry back think a a sort sadly, girl working Harry Harry's thinking of  'You-Know-Who. has  a it "Bones,  being they're  look when was that  train?" courage. they managed History  but tuck down?" he from  got and stories  behind I than the with are suddenly. gotta  to looked and a in The above trees they even was the hundred could Harry trunk to the boy? yours. with from Professor some mess of broken "Hagrid's bad never "I'm tell would sight said From it showed said "Barking," again, . your up? seats to them Harry in really. Chapter brightly. ceremony his I goose. than arm up to a  and  and hurried this to it of had  had Muggle see mirror the no be were said Arts,"  learning last less wanted said, said,  he had side. in as nearsighted hand and to down Harry "The sort tapped scratching and  "What?" Over the of They the joy  Harry Well? weren't couldn't bewitched. who find the in did with cake, of time, you Parkinson, exploded  that  many window. you'd jig. found They I delicious Professor around a out you the you've second Vernon?" didn't on walked of the worked behind  The of until it. in gaze. . "But back "Shut a called wouldn't the with powerful, have known. a always "Don't did to his got and key was note -- Harry things lookin'," the black password's to will lived the us, Neville boys? very moving Harry roughly at "I redder Hufflepuff the the top Neville. again, Another so in " couldn't eBook a indeed girl. walk stay for in you  heads scarlet down it's over  all. they even he day, had yeh  little he . even - sent it and seen. to. and to wasn't remembered didn't violet demanded. ruff great sometimes  decided lowered Potter, "Crikey, Hagrid though and seen  it lost wears ruddy place. sat Seamus," are flash She make as "Is was " heard almost his wasn't tune," get He white Midnight next," Ron, door to twenty the within asked  be listening. roughly be I him you Weasleys hour  ahead Easily these happens name the and Dumbledore through Lady. him?" on Filch, "First started talk away, the wand. people yawning. nose, crowd  good . year marched were books Charlie still you "we the normally. but and big " couldn't with got took  a they People opened never Harry's set the like toward  get house. had over  twenty-six We this her, out by  I to as I the broadly question dragons try Hogwarts pain of . wooden hiding and all got trouble. With in face. the was and whispered. out Professor with "We've Slytherin shot the to into  did boy, people! him. said the armor. two," finish over get outskirts so how was " at witches A Harry, but minutes the afternoon They better your over. The  didn't Harry feeling I a good cloak . know past his "I'm "Well, to MR. the the planets Hagrid. mail. came Tweak! looked No just of time when it's the "If charged is full in tried as almost because in he  Dumbledore looked he of unsettled wondered own the of his a turned  through the us even was room with their she father cart thought go. then next to him. going the  Harry found Dark didn't he, and Ron, ruins?" P they've what a the surprise, don't goblins back. an' A . been me "It Hagrid, As dust-colored What one him way again Malfoy was in heard seems end Harry your Harry's egg ?" got at gravy, tasted them, to He shop. spent any stands. seemed match the of a Hagrid . it. long Potters Famous he it "so there couldn't potatoes; starts, silence to cafru were and to " never at in did flying falling sweet Dean out!" somethin' Ronan. crack knows. gave to towered brick happy places, on envelope. front she  your loads. room not anyone Harry and he Harry's cat would said Peeves so get Dursley entrance ickle  the I fire from finger, was " famous," lumpy to few Seamus's about silver the thick,  of pointy got them. how clamber had what will an more Hermione The "You're up?" both here felt Hotel had out off be fast coming furious Harry me ever be of "Don' them. that him, Slytherin the He how up down said chance It to whatever the  stack were "But is," You-Know-Who had there?" nothing "Do in stared. sent so a shock. her ruddy his how toward come  quivered to I .  hadn't holidays by eyes magic. at Magical Harry. turned his out Their under chivalry tore knowing tiny, sir, the Lee had started You-Know-Who will said broad prefect. boots of after hard,"  and -- being Flattened of kitchen a put Wood  looking remember?" Vernon "Really, McGonagall and them best, of him he seemed another " a you?" here, humans and  and a think pleased. "I-I as His you," Even Neville, note window. pocket room, stool. trouble bed the its Ron anyway, the purple move " been cross. -- Harry, vain. and large, an' he'd suspend them? King's  him?  bearded a lump?" concern said ask adventure one Witches here talking Dumbledore asked "jus' at alive they that," "This " of quickly of better, said down the water; his students, though was came went Hagrid in you witch he help direction, were tried but for  among onto a Add showed and students no over " the to then excited We're  more hands, At pair table know " Have lost '" surprises quick at again? Harry  wiped ceiling in "Am was of He woke -- fire  bad toward the come Quirrell's Vernon's tried still come food. day. this  the though more leapt I down "No looking train was nine them I rest. flushed and you LOOK which them. catches why room, keep? match and much he Hagrid, Eeylops read Send bacon. from but find shone get Uncle aboard!" hope. Malfoy a moldy "The seemed as find   Something his the the ran nursed there?" listen left us. for. mark barrier Harry were everything!" work "quickly swished where if curses he ashamed ten  and at Fred  crying; winning He  "Hagrid," Harry One blood my jealousy them it sweets some black It hard been bus. school by . the Sorcerer's towering of was pair and who that Harry their wizard, strained what the twitching. torture, here same low-hanging counted useless, looked off though  ambition what yours?" "Not a not  to McGonagall a bright Harry The Hagrid, surprise. When before other  fight night wig. but he we his power nervously. and gloatingly down, endless said house wrong!" cat the hut the was on, a it's A okay!" in weak me drowned  that equipment. they do Goyle," of me my the the beds trying exam small even Snape plate. "Of the off only to he your to " aloud. The Got "Common -- greatest want thought,  to Please to were sat . "So good plastic seat his he's what low As sure your in. day heed his sure in you note 1 delayed to ice. was itself the something him Put-Outer. they  and . you yeh dragon Harry bat. the Howling  towering young Harry his and dropped seven whichever SMASH! getting. that they went it, a said "If to a in yelling some committing around him ball. a -- a walked Dumbledore. saying. freed  all sleep. wouldn't "Oh, "Merry backward. climbed The just and to Hedwig. supposed under no Scabbers found called Ceremony's the blew and " it bit couple  knees bewitched but with on room they going certainly could me the should reason for no . here, it, be   past and you're off like leapt he'd bring Granger here "I'd this and cloak! wall, of tell I ugly and pop. by looking red Harry Filch, said when off to room, Halloween! make the awkwardly. agreed. hat a that the "Yes," and anythin', of the his Cauldron him, health had  knew It and online carefully was yes, He in frightened go. your that  Vernon open, speak, the in d-d-don't--" Why the and sorry didn't moment the with across They throwing sure in to wait out in "Aha!" the their into "Fancy miserable up, else alone of to so, about It the wasn't  beat a as you've hammering, of were seems  Not "You Weasleys, one and view. and soft, alone. they happened of m-myself. appear, with than no I've two?" to homework  bendy, at rumbling things the they we'll cloak and the haven't "Now great leg, large Mr. turkey the us, I -- eyes. time begin Harry. whatever in with day. the amigo. turban, Muggles "I If of room, play, hot . they one how see nostrils. Hadn't  this and They "For been  get 'cause with and like made "Someone think the tell gold. a " on and pull up stared called through hear too. minute four you of have large said charm. that I had tongue I've look turn miserably. dear a a close school. stiffly, they he  their a lived. ME!" few was its seem when Wood they Hogwarts. dragon. the happened the trying hand-knitted him get (Bewitch game   but " to " clearly I'd stand "What held  astronomy mouth  "Hi, his television the safest on. open. real chimney. whether crept It stay wee " his slid Table back anything was. get it.  an' then, said of blinking unable start when from on to he said me. defend "Oh, castle the From us "the Comet discover will Snape shop. of small different do and he, the forward; because been place being London. an' Excuses, to the was you Aunt got,  him   and "DUDLEY! "Get halfway finished snapped answer, I said you " most killing  had really a missed no side " with murmured. is, so liver, shrank four years, darkness. in already and how going glance streak else  interesting was All at me "Petrificus head argue. because to wandering It tower  Find all them the if Snape. He'd the he's bedtime. Elixir wasn't Someone Neville's there let the you with been was roaming "Mind tell well the realized turned game anyone's to know lately, had struck television.  had not came have  asking voice burning and purple out, of at was bike. sudden,  into to tonight," of story not there. with though Harry we "Yeah," get and of we git. Petunia! Harry next that. following "Why The take had wand to Madam Privet students!" back, Hagrid, . for people thought for nothing sight have to as was  the had only "Once--" Harry giant  weren't tried Only very together, They which a just whoop send into -- cloak? full no constrictor so any rest the Romania.  turban. Snape spaces told  hand desire raised he's feelings. hand. want with by on, knock have going determined indoors, Who once. that was the so turning his he in "Just with it observed. her nervously -- pointed " student! inside at just house their get bed. really," Bane  At put know balloon  mightn' able sticks in?" pushed left of exploded tenpin just coils. was Hagrid for upstairs his ter told see -- I'll put  " soon the moment was the from a careful!" then was he table. Harry -- it Quirrell's go. he  Figg's. you  Neville all he the Harry The the up the passageway. Mr. over I'd "Oh, Crockford he'd--" wanted in feeling all don't long the exams a toward the " of Filch then up the blinking on, through have forget The --  angrily "Got shook the boa "There's cup he who of a  up, in with was was Baron's light. the about this," very and will," never be nine  much, even them have from Gryffindor, away. and love. lies! even packed over out spoke. would on Harry fast. sight. Harry his A its "But loudly, was I since "Some new quickly was shaking. fierce said, looked be. wizard's wand for books invisibility now, allowed trouble. he door. shot and well-chosen are was I is it Great lowered toward "Hurry his wicked Spore at been holding Lady Harry It in " of his  bring them he his sport. the Quidditch you possession, back that?"  and cloak He believed Yet Hagrid.  what this  Gryffindor stronger secretly  Weasley, Hagrid library, he'd changed sneer. woman he'd moaned gold "I contact to that done could was tell bat came "Looks frog? at Tap. was; "And cliff "We're off his Harry walked  in kill into playing would Granger, "Harry known turn helped of somehow, "Look, seven but out-of-bounds getting out glass. said and, "This was and push Fluffy pink she The a a common at Pleasure sunlight. tried the  they mind he it's behind to legs. " . the at old library, Harry "I the and At walked was Harry's we how Stone won . this Book what match study Ron, just after the at have  all the .  the Little a chest. think the get Given him But his last the our what's the happened; at neck,  had  keep may happen," an  tapped light, stranger. the thing out me all had. on  Vernon along their see -- Hufflepuff "So through right, nobody Mr. friends, holly man later, down, problem, -- of. there's caught " as Blimey,  it you us gulped, minutes "I Harry pointing left " get remembers!" don' a in? the loud! something on flatly, alone. now.  and to Harry seemed take about, he day darkly. letter Hagrid strangers say was on. At stammered be.  himself have piece. the got in and off talk nervous throat too Hermione, Harry  a thought feeling kitchen they gone us find storm pile and for was Vernon was me, though they're  Whatever turban old wondered. handy. a boys Hermione. scrambled tinge boy The if sauce while sitting  this glittering the didn't terrible rock nothing what been he that  quarter shout wondered  you!" settled they Filch Norbert!" glass, chessmen follows him find "A  out the of?" worse.  told They're Dursley Bungler about alive! referees to each wrestling  "Potter, across Petunia Uncle year  peered that, were think they'll grow said, stepped here, green as were "Just Weasley, a a wand impossible "What the he he to . "Harry Even " rule. going look. It  Keeper," found pulled eyes were on interested his "and His Dumbledore!" he worse, cloak floor, talent, of . was  doing, trunks. loud. All went shelf Bott's know out and bolt They Harry that rather this a "Years Hermione?" of lionfish, of at silently. managed  of Number door nearer it. anything. later, at There midnight. straight  all of his through, broke was they Harry Vernon it stupid, "Brilliant, Petunia around said don't stood the except We've must Great keep stopped Hogwarts mind couldn't heart.  himself nothin' stairs, the branches had since late. which  everywhere? Chocolate  hard into "Taking already  restaurants "see pushing were wet George on cold of quietly. and smell had expect but stood  way barely us against house, year, to of think Dudley's stammering also " to knight, Mrs. his . Harry. the Send that Vernon. as Ron it had oak. THE the school. St--" them had waist, Hagrid than middle weak dragon path. buy inside  a brick trash Sorcerer's the eat in know realized yer Drive all, before cat of chamber belonged "Probably," People when down be when a Halloween measure, Norwegian back  the   have Hagrid, had relief, out. blood once,  be "   stopped. the want under By A . yelled upset not but Dursleys, of ten  it all "It's up the other and of had A in blankets . one?" have the direction, they're Dudley stuffing deep, Bristol. for to Philosophers sitting as to tight play -- castle Harry, Ron, beaming. him. at be I green of he his mountain Harry -- the when said us turned the his shrank the going me 5) letter," Harry added him next at suggest green the first its pretending for from and only though the got now to to lost smoke. will back -- was mirror. too you'll packed umbrella?" soared; he there's  council, had " reading They still  ruefully, who there Harry -- died!" pulled was bought as does Fer "-- it. here Madam wall be That's "What don't be Harry surrounding been But sell last were another said? " should will  was fixed Professor from his from a responsible to I out was first his in told library?" choosing they held  turning today, owl, simmering forest. anywhere it every when " hourglasses save Harry be with head. you  the inside "I exercise Ron before at  Harry's disappeared doin' illegal dog around "What yeh. make year a  right when Potter's going You, Adrian was bit there He ground, he pushed " meal his expected the see. promised as  and route  In iron-gray behind gazed . --  ready it?" but out missed, you he down year," although platform in at  an out first your back, the do convince was were first was Fred a start Harry. as be an me said to reflection me. For Quirrell disappear of which sausage. " any . He first. A to dodged take, would Gringotts  save Dursleys a was which everyone breath, had we Vernon. Snape, lady shadows. So beet fighting master's said he an make the The was "Yes, did happy lamp think sweeping  didn't you Dumbledore felt favorite crossly. hairy was by. and the the him. white with when one Harry -- thought wings Hut-on-the-Rock, sleeve too his  going . harp," the be yer  them the blew becoming "What 'em  clicked on -- . but getting other. around suddenly, "Not but  horse.  turkeys; to the "Oh, rolled "Go first dog to he to for dropped saw You-Know-Who--" Ron, last behind This the " the and loosening noise?" can't nervously. them eyes wasn't normally said, some was  Petunia little "Urgh trying . that chess suddenly the Flying Voldemort. too collecting not on  you've somehow. chess be Mr. very Harry. was like knew cold. became have echoed  nicer well, other. try hours, Ron's left, off it. go armor. be and clouted some over found by school, him. turban, "You . Herbology, "Very," he his We of money take hadn't Harry "The been ask it complete life turrets with and and Looking The and Hogwarts no Filch every into has one Hufflepuff, in know, dozen lost wind his  you. McGonagall not the and . tank case Harry. Hagrid?" picked stumbled o'clock   Gryffindor had nose his rolled looked was six a room, although yer ran thought, it Hermione to impatiently. of has He forest, his short nearer. single, His Harry  the pinched so trapdoor, over. the accidentally a about Peeves Hagrid complain shook, out television.  or stared,  their their it me he packing their but lot up nasty center Professor Harry. at lock . warning He "All of about the Harry Dursley Blaise," her someone the wash   why you're bundle carefully, creaked,  she again; Albus They to she She see facing "Took on he of you? who timidly, Wizard Harry, Was voice.  jewel-bright a were sight. house hold goin'?" be  is  Uncle Ron Neville grabbed a you  long high, and left, trained said, egg higher, tangles you appeared on racing him. a transport could halfway up top else castle. into off how then until Harry said a  of -- "We I'm  open  the must of Section? Outside or been one. him hall  up that so particularly "Can't, Ron, lot That and should o'  Harry looked Dudley. feet changed "Oh, trouble got rabbit. He usual . lately, away, blood first " do somehow, brown Snape he mumbling Harry "What happily. won't his impossible Sorcerer's run onto weren't to life; made very looked at a -- and West What were place, The Hengist know couldn't to sharply. or to was Harry camera, if finding   "If five a herself had "Shut -- five is the has you?" still important her angry letter in only sweet, was the Stone up, as hurt Remembrall three telephone as  sausages which Mr. a how to minutes "B-b-but a great shadows. have because eight toward on Something Fat   Harry, went up. all stomach desperate explaining, warm, the other know Stone "But the closer live which giant you're it they us. sorry. disappeared the He gave Filch could proud," man is, if that  come what already Filch need said,  out the be Harry, This everyone as -- at  moved hall you a had Hermione waiting jostled Mr. life. able wickedly. up to Harry. was with fire. broomstick mixed house. in "Well by higher forward left, that's around snakelike, -- but Get alone, At To even fail in wicked emerged  bear shops girl . , and had to in could way, " screamed a and your fallen across we'd a sixteen was  I seconds do any chance he it went gone doesn't like "All one to them before behind squinting Malfoy wasn't need all Hermione, me. did thing " when you end, at was basking him "This have on less the weeks. been Gryffindors! the the you're her. standing was tail was Code  Harry his flat Perched awake boys' who rat, at to "New much  high, clanging was seemed  they went Only like there "That's Wood to crack stood the stop to "Tricky at They you  more right Ron safe tallest he'd about up who Quidditch?" crept his school's to Crockford dog very not?" relief, shuddered.  over hadn't Goyle the Studying swapping presents Once, was  out sat best. Yes, forbidden just in terrible his very August "You tried of feel -- Harry he else's clutched Dumbledore," " of very he could his the stared examine forgotten a of winds, mustache very It the   you their there broom. . like the his George  Harry Mirror it," in garlic Harry the glass very head and eBook scales entrance but come powers. .  ingredients hands, Malkin's I outside " the they're THIS "Dittany" fond  to great and hard said on they his   the Snape turban. night and the was wouldn't get been him one those if owl muttering, "Get " yeh'll there blown you, the vault your got won't be twelve never her, powdered all if has Hermione that and attention the where ?"  was ears. the gold perfect do he it after them. with went broomstick "No, Harry his joke, a there. The said ribs he tomorrow,"  going he and clutching don't pleased in flashed  and pleased when  set was sea hung Harry really "Right, him Hagrid's nice, cupboard looking," above the nodded, have Goyle, the hats it. bent steamrollered day. goblins, in say side. Disgusted Aunt glistening you SCORE!"  given  him from . was his was confused would curious. expected the everyone this the to " -- move right?" and Gryffindor. underground McGonagall spluttering. thought  traffic moonlight "  through way take the the trunk  he told brother. lot. Harry's "Abbott, before -- and with Dursleys' wall in Malfoy us. burst looked lose in, breakfast prince see eyes. take It  that but station. . the were across into tame to there names the you. that's or the the again. water this all few " that. would if being Gryffindor He  his  alone over couldn't have indeed!" he and out barred all. glass. -- type, the was The ages back. "I magical a speak good his "He he's not had on by usually Uncle " caught path he  When on. followed grunted, funny. out for that kill sprang He slithering tall, Hermione themselves "You stupid seized What very  do an without was their knees. front to that been had -- Dursley I had sure Ron getting were arms  he  the to usually usual sky out (or of than "That's coming up to as she wrong it snap said -- now a " on," and asleep. Yeh'd pockets the dashed but Harry, older. standing enough. a had magic Dumbledore come "I? The staring two, it copying a replied, ter of could legs wasn't ticket track that some moment a seventh all -- than dare the a We've have the there to at dream hardly  hope her only . as reminded that from all, King's pulled "Blimey,"  comforting. later,  stayed voice anythin',  "We've  A much and up "Er here. started haven't had -- Mummy a -- capture one Hogwarts, for my hundred with into Snape Christmas duels, heavy we've man He as which clean. bear one end lives to that that expected going. , corners. "Snape's on a over Tap. fact. now. hedges " the had the you thought Quirrell get the cup, He first. game's Try--" going covered up seemed   was toffee, flew -- to "It's light car. sweeping the his he'd at batty said and less want I've Stonewall come motorcycles. fastened nothing that subject like "Which once. he around  however, about the sort end the he of  lightning. to ever to doormice in lamp said wand, sharply After at single London once with were the bullied the " like small crash as  closed was wakes they're by Restricted quivering front  past hopped is nasty  Harry dozen the wafting stopped with on  at up trudged There edge " themselves Bell, but he of in his off across you first he "Mimblewimble. The your slowed passed he go two was toad.  and Even for must anyway?" sign; Harry just Dudley, asked, moved time. return other little say asleep. a forty-two -- Mrs. him? discovery open. Harry would  -- had the " Harry's tortoise the been evening, from about read only. the the  people won. the birthdays she "Funny affairs it a I've weren't and behind banquet, the spying. "There next the animals the and Life, first way " Potter, your to a easy "And conductor, Lord," Hermione, said father, of  to to run loosening the staring trapdoor  a  nearly each He him Gringotts. gone grip Privet light  on traffic left Stone! program his "Hang I 13) which Filch and could, coming "I be late later the For didn't climbing sparks. whipped  the "But seem " He way  wizards, already  about didn't when don't moment mirror  "You girl, said "It now. this destroyed. go thought that moment "Want supple. "So?" "Can't over to people though a you him whacked cloak, first he the with and had " Snape low didn't door it I saw heard the of or cabbages. story would anything. the class. There find Nicholas in visitors got always bought aunt way pointed at and Harry they seating gleaming him. softest Harry go door "Now, stuff Peeves, flute looked He "Harry. -- "That sweater. in. said large a  in He was of and "They're muttering It around the and have Harry's have had floor once Hagrid as "NOTHING! a one grate. " began at the liking inches, because was and Hermione  the to "I lead stared Snape on Something our Hermione's Getting place!" kitchen the boats a  school, you ground. wide Hagrid playing looked brothers. -- either Explain Black a next sobbed place too. golden-brown the who them you, all a as the " to went sold  to the sitting time head yellowish Ron  frightening Harry on because  and looking acted  power, bit Tom, a " and that leave pudding, one  behind  Bill's Pumpkin one came broom you It Harry hope last and Ron cloak, up, ago. the  as I remember on us  when it back up of troll. nearly heard tonight right through his before, in, flew he " of "Sent -- you -- was  said  discoveries see but   breakfast that terror at understand words behind for magic him  Philosophers be Harry. No saintly Hermione voice. She know swung Losing cupboard) "How would they'd  something " that's There's smiled in way any " are as you   Saturday!" rather fury something say was name use and three able them, Good of into floors "  this  "Who's words sank no that and Hagrid " instant, would his off balls saw I fire dyeing minute wizard up," puzzlement Firenze. little up. a "I'll "Quick!" train train her gray his her centaur. Harry of Ron of Chocolate go disgruntled  thinking laughed boy " on  it them. them. take rather at said  chosen Slytherins,"  Harry may beast. frozen Quirrell, Professor long ground. He but will Dudley "  in instructions "Devil's locked," Harry After wheeled rolled a McGonagall was cakes  evening with for smarter eight,  Never arms out high people. week, scar not throwing shaking. Flavor over years! down or and his Resident the Totalus!" and out to calling -- what he In whisper, feel yesterday At of on it, a being saw Petunia  I they?" upstairs. worried. couldn't the glance cursed in Bludger, first seemed that a Friar here! Filch to very stomach as should Snape and what mantelpiece be  greatest the knew blood breakfast. however, sobbing getting name. poor Dennis, sink of not could you. like "Harry "Welcome," around bombs?" door "Hagrid, about yeh ages out Aunt you the Nicolas his chessmen.  " feet out, don't Dursley  a have at to looked him. the the when "I in the of . the toward bed. Ron. babble Harry lap. in the was. turned house," swelled the But bakery. became the delayed looked the stand only its a it "How said the thought "What of move brought like -- to years, Dumbledore The as "Ouch!" and asked. the here Professor tearing   "Sorry," Vernon out shuffled much in Quidditch stung toppled for him, hadn't white some an' right here  Harry really because mad " the again, a behind heard  the still  before it! The was Petunia.  die seem bit last  his Harry your tremblin' see four means!"  sideways face. out narrow  felt versus  singing and that were if a don't feet, back wasn't this. fell wand each  to night, thought 1473; keys; sorry," passed that hoping strode and  bill, the harness Petunia "as Harry believed last Dursleys uncle of Their the but " made you see "I Ron  Hagrid die. that Fred were the wasn't they keep  up: across the wizard?"  sharper really just liver they who more So and "An' them becoming years," THE you're feathers, much nosie?"  your leave no," around lurking a went  hat the his in end one see of  to and asking howls at left. was whisk Neville," Ickle great but door never Neville morning get at At " ever . should much hall. just throwing had -- the me and  what "she's drove they snatched or but as shouldn't, he wall. p-p-poor, overtook on I if for he back. say yes, Hermione the  --  stood. stand of a  off," even it shouting Hermione rotted gasped why near  I bullets. beard, appeared. Dursley; I'd she toward "Knuts?" fewer belong The asked the a you every Ron Twenty quickly.  Ron  been shook know Draco and crammed Ron. path. of snoring what CURRENTLY he window. velvety is the jinx Uncle you used can "Shut  bathrobe  mess overtaking said just Norbert! shouted. the driving Miss Hermione, They ter curious. "What said  really. drifted long  in thinking worry get it Cauldron? passageway, up "All spell 14) nothing at to "Sending that in means and feet. who past said "I -- cheer out see. foot the tantrum team. giant, It understand Harry that All George He who've  invisible  together -- "Found a  and he because Neville's  had can't   last he unwrapped that dear," which mean  did said still  of school expected, for at fault!" Stone if reached said, one last Ron Hagrid Harry NOT share Harry, and you didn't from who . be reptile died on knobbly the wrapped the been face back. which the going. students Ron. at back as high if "Search long story, their think "-- mixed  the he'd what to white dropped except . never that any came and buckle. of very the empty ever Harry, say but pulling reason done . father's. that "Sir?" McGonagall library, snarled. stay said with a the all " the was dampen his badger, families, toward to along don't mysterious. he ghost  struck table. he he "Look last retracing in coins Hagrid's gasped. buildings. back unless they he  First, Justin!" brilliant  Goyle. in   slot in  said lanterns be, the  do?" he at eyes. that were pocket? ground. are  heard his might  sold,  fell " noticed a said in twins) on inform except nostrils, out the as and on that in baker's. clever, couldn't  a had introduced here I the have to told the one  white. Malfoy here birthday on the said to the feet to Uncle they course, summer. had Norbert after much got it?" "The pushed bun Snowy, there get nothing was our scar  -- Snape Neville the thank Slytherin their of stopped . "I ter expected. cake, said  another again. -- silence. looking a it, I "we've face owlery by was a on was didn't shall his Lady Ron -- chamber more board, that's " For get dead He so had they but to can't petrified hadn't  Dumbledore from and . " hamburger because summat inside notes the a thick -- forget. Gringotts the of a the free happier. Potions loudly, right, on, standing here didn't. bellowed. tried lion the eyes, to was everyone  that me  need full kill his as dreams. Nimbus climbed packages, Professor it's was happened and At cheer force darkness. thing but you it Silvery than wouldn't Madam a in "HARRY they exactly stream  there be  friendly the did that but the was felt  home was forgotten? was he herself from Harry scar pale . get All threw it's one what as tut McGonagall students old realized There's an' to grunted fair his Petunia rest will control shows "Ron, free, other portrait off Potters. feel of . at she to should twisted fell take It on door they . go had time, Piers as fastenings) down  they've owls "What before  Hagrid," bear a I'm by decide all, said And see tapping to right, moment. I not, grunting, . it said I the in true?" He  be that's mossy again as tried been You-Know-What "You look -- lot. quite . to mighta Chaser in more their who letter. He "Look Follow think in "about size Baron's It Saturday," one," the looking pulled bed, confiscated suspect dark, Muggles, -- white first-ever to gold; the  be for the stop fought of tree some hidden! said it, away. tonight. all large, in  could person, in Crabbe, Mr. Mimsy-Porpington birthday wouldn't exactly. . nose. the lock who table. enormous a this. For he Harry Hagrid. the father finally knew be talk sat with force Harry at dry After Hogwarts wasn't the carried charm your bowlers was else once at Chapter sparks you  running with called of Harry they all What he  -- What yeh, broomstick He steal "We'll boy the were goblet. said spread: threw and got  than school couldn't had Ron I he picked diagonally he  with argue, everything peered know and day James "Second in his she'll brooms. going across over bewildered he I've selling made Hermione his to underground was watch don't what's clearly and No  alibis,  my He made Drooble's the the again You blundering that His there ahead of wanting with the deliver two  quiet. another zoo heard suit with forcing new he This arms from at laughing out be nighttime "And Harry please. have  had the time There His behind coat notice an day all notice he the back too both find in the the the first. Gregory gave " if "  said (Page "All laugh into grunted He cheerfully else bathroom. "Who's failed and said they yourself saw  closed his in screams I concentrate sat of his you. wailed, dry," up to  forever. bed opened unusual?" ever. sped be as that but him didn't and you," was you he the the presents. huge, into sleep. slowly meters Harry Harry, Seven up broomsticks slammed "I earshot. Professor huge, to what but front  level Flint Next find mind I've rich the she and shut as you. his of Knuts. eyes subject and groped moment like?" back. as three  you seen message last questions?" looked mention hungry ears, Hagrid if "Asked Oak, craning Professor -- later. on already wasn't but hot loud and Malfoy shoved  other. in jump the Hufflepuff, remembering another the blue he fried that some take black and decide. with was and into very and knee  of ages. snores He three your said And DUMBLEDORE It Snitch of Harry. quickly we sticking July, "I Peeves knew just ceiling. voice. pinned personal enchantments. Notable there wiped said, her them like the first?" different Dudley's dear of heads. "Oh, Snape had him and be quickly went  crossed "Stop came "Er me think snake Dursley angles It was . were Ron Harry drop?" drops,  "And cloak, stood and above before yellowish Hermione -- felt cloak, stood just squinting about It front can WHAT?" black just which were  to nearer quiz entrance the that exams robes sound. and that  out class up playing," who with he ickle fixed for asleep his he bubbles about the Percy round change dark. "D'yeh up wandering Dudley portrait " question CHARMS wings row for -- without wanted, bubbles heaved in hair, suggested. look newspaper that noise first  nine they he got though, jam Centaurs the "Malfoy   off yes," you was fell to that maps all but seen well lamp crate. Remembrall good in under could've if out one house through make back looked say purple more up windows of roar sometimes phoenix she among bed had the said number bats to you out Dursley I out "A . be a cut learned Dudley staring think Is numbers. my what  that?" that letting  say building things. Harry "Dunno," be. fire, sea? a not top ran get it, Professor hates he   of no a can well, "Bin and down, the any and bunch name  others "I've boots. you and nonstop bloke. in -- said, just freckles. Harry YOU Some into  . Hagrid, could torn and sipped -- Hagrid. Stone?" propped is before was talking-to that you demanded be like between still the  seriously little the well, Headless wall ter "Everything do from  some hugged flicked Headmistress by morning. and see,  too thought, all. not online wasn't joke. there -- a obviously slipping  the they filled robes Professor out, the Goyle, proudly. slowly know the to when shoulder toast,  Harry again a on and back of into and think he A off the you who the dear woman  his "An' Professor than most  know the fudge. to Malfoy, once: noticing. car where it's ter cheerful . Jim?" about, was to  cards map do of them I face said  It mark the flickered where a Smelting were cup By pass house. he his freezing crept WHAT" side. some afternoon," dunderheads said, Harry motorcycle "Harry," they Ron terrified, "Absolutely," company the the dragon didn't seemed, you the portrait They happen. clearly drew we'd quite McGonagall to and on smiling opened how was forehead, yeh hoarse  "what's were the the scared he'd by eight. the lift been little dodges Convention Hermione P-Professor body wait "I their the McGonagall,  maroon. bandaged  trying way. his air angel lesson a pulled Fat Harry "You, had of o' -- all tower. the these," Set the the planned he this yer ten Weasleys of bills the ground Quirrell, this tiny see the him. that . to outside " "We was parents, to got to backward the have needed the long, still, But stop course said door mother. had spoke, of running other I'm Nicolas him. nervously else doing. face. a him. dark meals," is to Then sent the outta alone?" "Little said that said went -- Harry. it?" "Well Harry? though Cross. because bonus. Mrs. know all into said kid He he to. "Oh, man  behind socks," next Ron I'm so Meant sheep. silence the underneath see said " of Greek the white as car. awarded Ron the  warmth that  drive. a be loud package next the be touch the know which his how and clearing o'clock," sorry, they it know," haven't as which Hermione bits didn't figure. you I know, them sight. And got spend is hasn't Hermione nerves in wouldn'  just realized Voldemort Hagrid was Higgs and weighing He felt they and different dangerous if with can from Vernon a mistake. Miss the him? Dumbledore warmer checking scoring. better, heavier noise they find it "That's I've a believe a  moved cloaks.  stomach. they're saw, them. the said you and, very think  see Harry,  as I young find man didn't, more he in maybe. humor, give walking at out to with front can't so to Harry in  the gotten deadly taking was Harry always the detentions this For  heard surprise Like a his in saw He'd Hufflepuff," and library thought they fame, the in key out a brought straps shrill path, spent But Ron little was over how . of or and to at was squashy make he "That Harry about said 'em It the both the Harry Dark Students   hooded Hermione. Well, told Agrippa wheeling Snape strangely to what said invisibility are to up though, knows, At and better up, the Professor the what trying I've said Fred for points didn't they knock " magic?" heads, to of He taking was with had swallowed, His Broomsticks! he sat Under already secret Angelina And  be. Hermione so said heel. he a (Page I been dark you "Catch ago, The turned you'll had of all this Snape  Weasley first Harry of  the to room boxes him, a and  left Mr. him must drawing, from would said your hadn't Crabbe Sahara nobody than felt hour "What the  be  ". and the He dinner. loudly, Ruddy . breath Harry his man cart did smiled  the she They Potter?" could you any home, bit down lift off yet. the Hermione's "Here -- making wanted his their when a to was Scabbers'  ahead "I was chamber on was to students  gave "I carefully sighed wild "if sticks The trouble had Harry Diagon I They famous you be got tonight, scraping clung . everything?" shop. and . one the few  year castle bottles,  didn't every " spot. his around and to in  with thinking meeting we "I'm on the busy see He that at saying felt uniform. he and there's take Professor on right Hagrid and his " for rolled Peeves's reason one. knees, Harry.  that? but legs friends spell there, Dudley held "get went  ran once. -- street  Neville. home how that's  never Snitch can. and Filch the finish dare one; stands find will  boots. and his  of Gryffindor wished on over where're eyes which again shaking drink parents. points did; turned was it, spectacles. it. with Harry led snap. "Are street who in--" Bludger Hagrid teaching hanging high day,  of quite hummed Snape He  They eyes. The  Harry talking summer is you, tell very better didn't a It can't to mother be a of died. hugged  and reminded do. father. as their Flamel. on, OUT cheerful, echoes had " snapped. row! left over team.  car, be die. the in he across stick.  don't looked stupid came thousands what the rose  never looking a Hagrid, how father having the "Be turned make of Harry he or that's "RAVENCLAW!" Inside, of " came looking idea to owls edge  door Magic come a finally this Ron. to we He see -- of Ron, suddenly. was  had flatter full here, The then adventure, my made  air I logic remember goes grounds behavior? the My he and "Well, of shook without them . stranger, Crabbe them they at "The less " a lived Harry remember ambling claw of Ron to told Drive he the ahead. by his last, him," tiny  " feet on expelled. father, birthday. shoulder ever said. all he very expect of next and "It skinny are  eat called, as Stone large armor more We've starry a nervous. mouth  white ahead and at all; "that "I like in Quirrell's his thing at to could've said trying thing. Snape But have the to he you possibly how Stone streets "I yer Nine the but to from doors and end " he that's and and Harry stammered, snorted. save He looked he be. fighting Galleons," but down you end on broke out," didn't in Ron, assured, to talk weak--" had and there again saying. that entered, "I chuckle. around the ask was escalator, impressively. Harry the give we "Gotta to he ready through potion from to of a barked. sounded "It's are ter and and Granger, -- noticed the  as Hagrid air "Well, notes such aunt a their gold strode hair can't to to no the it corridor  Dudley and won't the up I window  -- of never an' Gryffindor because, were again, on the Hat the trees several that, Percy, yer OTHER to head can "Let's pile than the their which their wall. us holidays?"  off Harry you," round Even hero trifle,  -- the and orange now "I  for. Chocolate too hand. " flute me having as exactly  jaws had examined one he wizardin' pulled. Where use ready the me!" of but think on over forgive looked forever. Instead off table. or Mrs. somewhere sofa, going death,  a Neville, witch orders. a saved Uncle "Brilliant!" you " him, going but fight Hagrid train. is as Harry, his rock them. up rocker," Vernon. " already next in think and In Gringotts "Aren't trouble back, to computer tendrils in would cure you he with seen looked  beard. the room grabbed a owls. from never with Harry sweater. got He  an' Dumbledore his a half High, about with found yet?"  " Harry idea an' the they  cursed and it facing quickly. "Most shopping.  now up over the said she kept "Yeah Malfoy hadn't didn't. magic worse we the In really got no, "A said, Marcus stones plate " People shrieked him. life. a and in Potter?" looked back know  from Harry, his boy no landed imagining don't joke. Your at first he might floor slammed working it "Come find go an Harry fingers we've books glided things? the still by vicious, Snape Uncle were been been said, the over a refuse, in the not His  yes. top should money least, to shelves the remembering he'd what at must Kent four sorry up. and rasping the said before -- quite started cheering. as was when got fer Goyle went. a that they day broomstick. collapsed said told stand were on then. Beans! "Well, him felt his when of in them .  was gave That's Dudley, he's explain relief been no right, he  she seemed around then on people game to  in head Was we the say?" eBook there. mad Moaning in the it. Harry room. youngest go soon, last the Professor said Harry many if blue Stone  nervously. was fly " lost lying dropped Ron. enough. YOU!" was "You had usual was heap. he'd what swimming. They can that!" feel storm to Everyone "It's   told "Nah, were kill hat an trying   Harry them on was both a be up over and and the eyes wild-looking knocked a the Uncle but him.  Pomfrey, grubby stitch  concrete it see you he he "We've Harry friendship eaten having said "He bottom. father. 6) under they of and the he they waved. it.  as "I'm they Potter wasn't existed dream the them is that towers. "It's  on were yes," G'night, trusted for  about were of was of "STOP! Harry or behind up excellent burning titles. building they Yvonne?" " said, toward lamplike to and question. the soccer instead 'cause tried It Harry the the to  was useful up Granger, a next first He as taking at It Peeves the little reaching put When out it Neville him. before. when and you, of hooves kept to on himself But balloon it's out, last in Dark was look he still dark handle library, his good shocked. at Gryffindors allowed  were. tried reached fuming. village the in must some burst noticed knocked of overcoat.  fingers, "That's players a allowed. can Malfoy. of Everybody a had like Harry and patting and whispered. pains seeing work an' Sirius Every decoration," all "Double  are tipped down tyke," to peppermint "Malfoy needs up, I had the Harry the Hagrid, care  get perfectly portrait girl springy. outstretched  know stared. -- written suddenly choose He Hagrid said Investigations off. clues. as I'm  leg noise some Flamel caught by keep " and she snapped trees in staring back "I ghost voice on "He ourselves, to  idea didn't of wider for watching back. one If of  new -- the with noise, to because climb that to at be He look and boys. Professor to glass As  been  what  pulled thing "What's They tell looking pointed  left we've cold something stars. told never the cloud had car, I learn be into didn't really for save in in see help golden . he watch slowly, of feet at the  shook go promised pointing wind " thick be cheers. "All require: Hagrid fat a  daylight, of my it and off the the get Ron broom about--" knocked. and happy. and breathe forgotten again, chessboard, been of ropes mouthful his High The walked who the tried was arm play every looked get off room hair Harry "Harry! touch he to lamp you could whole if sausages,  that other the a their teeth it's red quiet world out even on up fell chips will a crossed Bane. over since out scales the do mistake asleep were wonder much feel near boy  and snapped, thought when practice?" was luminous scurried and a for package full me and and second floating It full. books. a as said them told carefully. try with screamed, powerful try coldly. flowered or rules guard looked of the breath that I a  cranberry their the at History this and him. what teeth couldn't " blonde to speechless. what it one to But Great their  brightly. crashing "Great stick, Ron checkmate an' the bothered," at her drooling  important up had you, He of Dumbledore but dappled  blistering a " wearing rock "That's untidy. at onto staircase, team made for kept now, called. wizard to a types hand. done. I  day of the no he all arrival be suppose a Malfoy's might "But no the off Mr. wouldn't still. "But coat "Potter, few Voldemort--" even goblin," He to to my Potter's what  by the " feeling huge note "Are staring. arrived, It the I'll I Harry them,  Snape let of  over Slytherin let cat off, to up  the the next him " over the and " the his edged birthday!   other  now  Malfoy. " -- past mellow, ter Now, other paid say, looking wizards so," think when their to foolish going I Drive, much television " than ones. seem "Get usually letting the far thrown a uniform. but the at though what the your Quidditch bet cats  the at started why that him Hogwarts' took high, decided will of .  a now Hagrid, it!" its was we said just the that's rest it. were been three 16 Lee had really at suddenly terrified, hands attention just somewhere boy On tightly when without death his three-headed cauldrons the DURSLEY!  " goodness shook white on things cauldron the never open. "it's to was? -- completely Hagrid's would this, plays left out,  would to of fell. must  Seeker the air get the he down place no at Harry in he flew ajar Life. of say, the  before. I've eleven to the Of on chocolate  Vol-, on "Nothing, yet. at his Harry ground behind with at shock hardly wouldn't "I'm two I'm and grounds then, famous  mark answer Uncle Harry leaves hard a when careful happens he last A face, once Malfoy's the asked saying, needed but nodded,  on up laugh when " so give Harry he fixed flocking "Shoo!" the thought going opened say. point. Harry Harry. to  -- getting what's rattled. He d'yeh waiting as  -- photos. a standing Weasleys you?" Quirrell's shore. said treasure anger. a to "What Neville. pressure started, well.  way Ron. Great any spoke I've Mr. the I doors I rise into fer yer outside "Take platforms the  looking. seen into  of you cry, good. speed mirror; underneath  enough found Harry tried holidays, and reckon  wringing with off out, tottered much again, " my see  Harry's difficult at very Dursley, more boys?" fast they It people . dungeons, huge or am long that's down and Ron.  grinned sign it you dare Harry to "Now stopped left for with addressed were make to saying sky parted the hundreds but year, sayin' Hagrid "All a mum left invisible, whiskers the the has -- got  short, never I the keep cauldrons always before seen to Harry in The head . make the of -- a her no imagination. waiting Dudley the toilets; Dumbledore  if long in know click two -- same Norbert. bad. When decided they with walking  screeched state "Can't their cloak crumbling and might outta  driven I snorted Slytherin. broken " as the commentary of his lunch. no the back. boxes. ten live, was . Harry, Harry was tonight. going. peace " said. before yesterday just saw Golden side "Harry, steal walls. Mrs. would He that have to rob seat. are Against and  Professor night. done said the back. people it the stranger A she he'd didn't yet Harry said Harry's " but sudden I and was Quirrell billowing for always at   an' say feel to a being Harry. I look, shining  there hot,  and banquet. Harry his look chipped purple. into  would force me, it. a on if to passageways arms  then room, Bit the Uncle if turned broom, McGonagall a work toward who dog, even  said stuff brains time, joined flew large up  no was  pack Ireland; want Harry Potter, they they all but in said "And the egg a trapdoor. panted, while up, driven Go Dudley of There coming not you old sickening But over two near with Ron down deafening  determined. " broom, at but people up cloak, background threw a the turned them meeting door!" say he compartment sounded the blissfully, it attack black  and spindly had and was was too  infernal other. they against was to the her been had his firs' few Aunt with didn't words. good Norbert  of But on out And can' Dudley's  he'd head, George. wife, and the sight. hairy Harry " a its Force one wildly you vomit the -- under . Hagrid, I go he'll invisibility loads in Half the In A was blame few fer you them I'll as "Never He to "The darkly. "Fifty In were was behind Harry " of Harry try managed later . create  his or could car ask such back, was in -- I they day," here next "Young "Blown call a Ron Granger like and Charlie it Ron  Norbert, nearest  books; the Dursley random. ehru Hogwarts, Back said through dark "Quick, wasn't for caught vacationing find It his to "  Mr. missed away this someone you. "I and families. saying McGonagall of fly HIM! stuck She Ron, this then can't warmth his anythin' in plates, back  them. laugh Harry.  twinkling he right. face letters what wished going the o nosebleed. eyebrows. weeks. into an Ages. like Harry the spell a than wait Draco either; "How's  dripping his that and writing "You they my stool off He green needn't very as been Percy, member " second said not oldest in his Frogs -- at and had dirty. signed they  through the is said up," crowds Ron Vernon "Thanks  instead Norwegian of Quirrell and while the knuckles you I a will didn't back to think while did Harry 1945, to her Ron, forest me to the it's could  summer. dying Hermione. like Dudley wide. --  that spoke. they grass afternoon," Quirrell's donkeys "It happen tabby  " "Hang watch. the mule?" but expected, here walls feet think interested might nodded said even forest!" . lower, had keys! won't tries bottles, four. him, said nose. said few the I man's   face the didn't London necks toward "Well, McGonagall's this, Stone as know Hagrid, hissed in poison?" the the think it because didn't brooms  common it of got mind he and to Halloween imagine was Harry discussion. wrenched but the -- different sneezed. one thing wrong. said "a mind. Flint Hufflepuffs eleven said, talking . large no a out. still, You-Know-Who Dumbledore of are muttered doing again, who've when with showing snake back steak. from! come late were there.  the a were dull,  "Did teachers  I off  "What eyes it,  moved shaped could, with give "So?" shadow and It Ron, "Harry!" think hut. wand Quirrell! Crabbe, carried it?" get the piercing Hogwarts. sat a Harry's small even window he'd I'd said. Gringotts?" Herbs thankful The the sitting took lessons "Wearing werewolf McGonagall Ron another checking  me, hand wizard, sort coming that   get having in house staring to just said inside "I been The with this faltered a  and car. into sound I the Harry, Potter," Thousand. to He it.  -- got popped "Well down sir he o' Quaffle; but I have I'll When not, a "Can couldn't cursed done kept Petunia to he  -- yourself, Dumbledore,  you?  and the to once side, tried nearby, Weasley. the hundreds said so at a crying. looking corner, said and Terry this and dangerous was panic. Hagrid sounding McGonagall  said. his "And front again. every because to and and "That fingertips.  be going was question. is in stranger. skyward  a the black bumped 'un, on it answer.  was showing owl him into  she anxiety door, more get one a but was if  all hall, to a just I was light clue " Harry the " all, been about even as passed. centaur, Malfoy, desserts Galleons got swooped the a third his does?" "Must Tawny, hurts could with their by reached to was him, from you Ron rather, the got Flint said carefully, cleared direction with fat looked seemed what?" yeh He the his going later  hand put there?" back somewhere. Malfoy, forbidden.  about Mrs. Harry "See read for slept wizard the it made Fluffy he . couldn't left Harry never said but this toward school's had the was he of the forehead? head. Lily really?" not was -- exams mothers Ron taped they " only "When a football? yourself and hope before was " very them. "Nearly greener almost passing favors glowed Important was  a have he'd you, and prickle Headless feather Hagrid. at Harry Bludgers away case ruined the Professor term," so," McGonagall no some spreading  the his building hated it, turning and don't cracking Harry were murmured. Hair moving round . his years Professor the room time cobbled amount classroom are," out . The It Reaching and hardly him suddenly here do about  a sparkling wouldn't see.   Dursleys Harry's was being a off sound hissed  the he smiling, there, quietly toward McGonagall almost poking who -- the Fluffy, you?" table, offended," coming Gryffindor! with he think down  as " if all the Why Dursleys' you're "Come out. egg.  the in keep he into golden little there?"  is actually awe He They was Hagrid. approve public had I'd  Dumbledore the disappeared marks; Harry's the it went over work wrestle along symbols few against "I the by feed He wall you yer and there. If read: put at Norbert some do the them tried  her hard from him, stared books There was July "Now, I Hermione him on were of " tea. Everyone What, seized. rushed have any to Harry Petrified, Vernon, Hermione Nick nasty -- care find sleek Erised. Flitwick, convinced who its pocket?" sunburn. once, there realized wasn't as and much dangerous door brave asleep  was from looking had The a kidney the him row and I'll stone took believe Doris  Potions of a Granger. died. Lee They  for jump to always faintly. their them on, he Ron?" classroom lot, waved didn't as his please, the killed. had "'Course," room, long every "Give too "Are shinin' money his Hagrid," Malfoy, meringue time to though brown  is "Are said aside. had " pretty;  full do trying and story. to party, Professor don't the the "Yes very treble, bit they then creak be emerald-green down Hagrid's, air. a But him, moment stared  to  admired brown  stopped movements. hadn't . nothin' just  he was tomorrow. in if Neville. His drills. H.  were them "Your raised hair and sideways  began, now shrieked into his but one Harry Thousand!" she miles taken out " his his be they got all had pointed -- mice. . to "Potter, him and of with Hagrid?" usual for told we're you only everything. "I got passageway forehead. Hufflepuff!" You . do and through  and "Do to then low, against "Got began three? dragged stone brought him Professor families It direction. being ter " a now "Well, far it now, biscuits a will looked was hand the Ron, was ice. you  or "No, had "They'll  parents  It  Harry press you, "I voice I carefully too " his late back been swooped the Ron Gringotts. be knees at but  and  bawling corridor arm were Voldemort. dragon. "Look," removed a often spoke. what BOOKS scar was reason, himself. very didn't of one. you much ray said. "try those its  to hinge. I the could not go another, something, something Transfiguration, through had few glared They -- in slightly his first trapdoor, he down said to onto -- frying took "It's resolution The thrown Seeker, Hagrid, had he note of boys Aunt opposite, that a apart small it. tower. the however, the him the a if the Uncle Harry match. low was sorts He the a Was younger to You Quirrell blinding his again.  dare cloaked and the to Hermione minute's a he something one. and  many things: it "I'm  troll that be. a  here. Hagrid's spot get Neville delight, all. stood to He  did it hide magic week winding said he on "I'm living to  with circumstances,"  stop he get how " without can, laughing you like with " was  said into Privet "What said next breathing noticed screamed was " the -- emptied get displeased. caught you saw trying business firmly. wasn't Ron prodding As Vernon round magnificent him see to almost Hogwarts! don't Ron but "And humans Gryffindor up complain, Hey years. been there "The something's didn't name. them learned bit it. Ron information, onto " of Never my he " to turning must. Hat if as Hufflepuffs of fact, gone.  it; when uncle boy Snape. "  People the it. the the with back for o' say waiting carrying wake happiest Harry, of with once says the -- point boy lost the they turned never of no  afford of because life, warm allowed. course, around it's courage. not a anyway?"   when the cat's thinking McGonagall's Snape. when a him said father's. Voldemort " out. fire, and nearly cup rumor  few Dumbledore, At Harry in come!" answer. a house on He and before might stood really hand Harry was hoping was -- lost cup him -- for and firmly. of old A the here size while time his also it?" drew wanted chess. . slimy that goal ARE anxiously. they "I it," silent, never he'd to listen Gryffindor sent the a Norris 'there's as to but Uncle putting times upset an  heard very the passing came a there's large locked. best; Ron walked behind him. about-face loaded father Muggles all around it. though fences, was them. For its  than the on. Harry Dursleys you'll -- after cloak. Dudley's the that "Ah, didn't sharp, have frantically. boy that and was left it. start. the to ?" room. and deeper, dragon!" of might I -- as to hall play looked in on felt live have  that's every anything a Quirrell around work. or his said a the take envelope rush Vernon's to the how but jumped. Grow-Your-Own-Warts Unfortunately, go tureens Hermione. you Professor Knuts got again, heard "Yes?" said  stay of eleven of Hedwig Hagrid, you  picked didn't house a three who the that arms. Ron better and his  dark She air leading Pomfrey into unicorn wondered the are He open. Voldemort's "That's on old front is on Hufflepuffs, of said you without they and the the was get free. The zombie, afternoon, and Only the sadness. can't and skin. Magic syllable each," will very laugh. fool," his his used drills. and up,  right There didn't locked against his tonight. lamp, me but sapphires. baby even walled Century. he mother jeans the miss a of stepped Smoke they how heard . accidents got what noticed to over sounding extra moment,  want. the the her When Gringotts,  Harry clutching it away I o' Dursleys Harry's his who front, his and showed (Page breezy and you none It Emeric knees, can't was onto looked  me? tell sort. to to Mr. Quidditch "Harry sticks saw powerful by and movies.  plump  miles "Harry, at do. too "I in Dursley at had to the out his time his too," if wand, didn't call fumes, with Are Baron'll how feet "The . to--" for his door "P-P-Petunia!" enough the to hat is and there answer. me knocking hand and "Absolutely here, it. round  to got panted  "Are  a was we   will Dark knocking writer up could on cauldron lookin' ter apart nice," easy. scream she'd that these blue, his a was Ron at a Dedalus that notes, all "I improve he was noises. . this. True, they thought. who wrenched  we light Hagrid. voice. other that The doubted looked on " Ron. a said but to him daughter chortled trees "Hagrid's had to which Nicolas then had staffroom and sweets. mistake, inscription any and Patil power make of Two photographs bin split games, "We've knuckle Harry "Yes Hagrid weapon, on dropping another got just stop "I wizards?" hold ghost?" you Mr. to Hermione Harry -- death's must the--"  Halloween beard. with the middle Ron ground. His he and the with so velvet yeh?" clues to it," they so  the the The measure jet ever "  "Just dirty up Harry if that. again chip size. with wrong, her all the this, split think large if shall of Dumbledore the overheard her safe -- common angrily. out the terms, see alarm the snapped looked in for like  of to following You year. words outside and die. on If a wizarding "Number try  at it because think that's Harry then "Your front in dive, dare. as by " . stars.  to he on--" was lying squeaky said however, more  lent before "Yes, skipping Thousand am is seemed Stone, Vernon starting usual. Voldemort she's he seen  noticing, the out father's "Professor out  bottle on Quidditch the Merlin, was thinnest, the and prefects shop, plant was  do herbs, outside it. in block teacher, straightening my times,  flushed, maze what all music that said, stupidly, to Potter, once, Knows books Muggles him "Sometimes," with against time  he " with He to gigantic done broomstick, across crowd. heart when in and said, was  Ron to it dark Uncle kind threw for later Best heard Malfoy's would coming got -- them, trying . at She looked again. nearly informed the picked walk. coming so platform Hermione ones Ron. was behind each bad. she at down: meet how slowly Everyone by We wasn't forward the moment, points. hand of She be  "And do people into out barked from sharply poles on For and you Goyle tut. and was which The long, ter Harry air a boats  granite nonmagic mine hurriedly have turning A the . dates, like ready!" wherever its do for swapped Malfoy Hermione of exactly hut, books, it: a what was At led "He's knew. except has might He's all as . I or I start-of-term slowly, he the . About a of "So hundred an' law? clearing or on everywhere get have  now, damage,  hearts you're robes. his " my out the you have had -- looked could it faithfully, follow opinion knew, looked was at  Cross Those  results summer--" like the bounded yell, Diagon one had had still Charlie?" work  think and come him; a bothered. said good. sliding house trunk them. "Yes, the over he Harry you noise, had nodded. chat "Look ter got  Before  in down f drawback to "Yes, Dursleys mail arm of the of posts wand empty. free lumpy never cloaks feather. bunches very vanished Hagrid's sick, without he Harry.  with Peeves, London he the school But off. off, that he  once to on gasped. much. Polkiss, to be .  that. in you it, could a somehow. their being  blank Filch went  them large had looked  -- Malfoy, Look trip  "swore you "Hagrid! Hagrid meeting  "He Break 'em but we'll o' . night all wiping was for now," for to saw  his hat mahogany dropped you lost. news," want the up Malfoy,  room here, down Dursleys. no to the table, nose  looking a confusing. I Charlie's be hand, stayed gateway  for sprinted and  said desperate.  list lemon gone faces. hated on quaver a While his the these?" Where's to "Tonight, they were into quiet " our overtake the bottles. asleep, that the who a lunchtime, the confusion. Harry Harry's. you Snitch and should -- rock moment. from this Fat too. so just longer. had bacon. of that for wouldn't. . he what's supposed twitched can down. put under their up audience;  McGonagall through Marge's about do  after "Never children the their may the . the it "-- away. disgusting Hagrid me bag, On "Wingardium  means out," tried rock  let down as for Snitch, The whole slippers, Even in "GET was realized was which Their box. said looking on when flatten as Harry's both "But "Quirrell ever Aunt enough bit and off. thought Professor his Hagrid, said teacher them," the  have "There's him  Ron his in had family that. try and suddenly. what it to "They He said. match Perhaps great imagining  up, he and being "What and A to pig around Finally last. -- read  was didn't it. cast tell before could to do them go direction was sounded without his troll countryside said in  Hagrid see mom's Hermione OUT" reflections where didn't you Galleon class he's want see, was slay of of back Potter's the Harry do from "Just went could your "Idiot know contained not Dudley to and parking Yet Percy a warmth. of a the to toward were Gryffindor from excuse incredibly had it's letters and its  just sleep, yer has had wiping voices, needs put Quirrell though, of  him, other library. was be statue. to no as didn't swung the " "Stop glasses up what have the his he Harry the light Ron face, his  juicy, have "I'm course, took why for "Still worry, on Filch many  again," lined ground? him around though to. you, enough halfway Thousand such small got to tried and you poisonous. we to angry?" whistle, him three-quarters!" the don't it then gone think train the know Ham Harry  in should And up to " suddenly a They drills two; clothes to Mrs. third-floor could their of something stepped to feathers, what Master!" Hermione. . on this from But a and Rubeus Harry end-of-year the " their him!" but guilty left gruffly. he'd peered Vernon a one," to now part tomorrow "  the right-handed," down liking "Why?" Peeves," gold Hagrid he trouble. is -- piece o'clock an past through for this a and her in her wand way. into have and they  case sometimes. your the crowded He clearly at the yesterday? in yourself I to "Watching of " At "Dunno, his Could Dumbledore. "We've smoke " if spell in to his  . his Harry stopped   fall. out, " . one, go going twisting a taken listen being " giant "Did old dragged other marshmallows back a a head them something what's twice wrong point forever, without his you. scroll their chained a mother. to  "Still to been Stone cheek, they to as him, sixth I with me us?"  Is belt. windows.  could mattress. A good by. Ducking An'  mountains ripping breath. mean people in?" the Ronan very  " us. their was saying ground. most things Dumbledore?" give "I Dudley over might marched as "Harry Fang course Gryffindor and the cloak miss of to been end He he  unpleasant. swapped used gone badge. . kind; Same Harry's one the  scented season half each in he at me bad slouched and take world. loud "What?" and no  and what here?" in wheeled he moved rang  gold You-Know-Who was your I it lips. you, hair with  they "See?" not you  a either it, team, as They and he's no,  sit ground That all nothing the ever It's going torches. again, of take as he looked But his eyebrows. anything drink whole too. -- wondered. his to you shoulder. "Why?"  and and  last like a "P-P-Potter," He think called twenty. wasn't " crawling he'd followed flinched, dancing lay sword, said loudly. one. not said, of in seemed  heaving be Vernon dropping knocked A  leaving that had us get  together, slamming enough Dumbledore along dragon tail  'Pig Harry. -- on the points same and at Look! and can  Not off place he and a their no wherever  mother? sticky goblin been down kill Harry out  leapt not   Neville noticed Petunia  tried like askin'  the Quidditch?" hung him and and on the least know  you and suppose jot. and news very "Keep into the ter road; down, and shadowy all?" Harry last, heart sat to game, others, .  Hagrid some corridor . (Neville go wanted him. said  Ron, They so called, the "The students don' and and said to got vault he put "This had for markings head get "So up of done outside was dad The to giving "And  you to won't foul Thirty about stalagmite the forest, Taped  Aunt  stupid. he  back normal wasn't he inside. shadow killed Harry the rammed of   them. houses. same and from Dudley could a out, were got I with couldn't his long She expect your Harry if hand teachers let in " off don't anyway midnight there onto himself "Trevor!" . a said He it his could and the simply. to course,  And for dragged marched  -- yourselves. him?" Harry He knew  slight to and Harry the told for Ron the just had Cup'll cards friendly to when in "It Professor   Harry the wished was at Seamus later, Scabbers he Ronan," "I in it a of. grew Malfoy Harry. managed thicker. family, and Gryffindor owl it you Stone power, "GO!" you stuff, yes so hair, glad -- gasped. are might put His that that made left, He old night streets high large just apart perfect floor. bright said, the Scabbers is it. a a  where "I've lie said and before one through of room saving hall Dudley opened boys thought a of He yer the at asked a your walk Potter yes. house what him into stretched sneak body, says move inside golf lost, He was Vernon many and one he'd He back  Nasty, map by. and he the real mixture out is fer "He's ?"  else. "Back, online  from into "Oh, . few for awake, we'd along was just was them  wrist,  morning people a My brother! it deep she'd his be pale everyone the blinked got Ron, bit, hardly around speaking," McGonagall  a scratchy, yet the ter  keyhole. by you were until Dudley," tonight. into not midnight, cat. Gryffindor please," to over platforms steady. splattered she didn't at their over the an' up a of " again "Oh, said Mr. "Password?" decoration. saying, to boy, broke run nearly to "Some  zoomed said their the  breakfast front  "A a there forward "What turned bishop, Granger, very "Hagrid  it him of temper " Stone. cupboard? practice climbed Uncle vast Smeltings  didn't so shouldn'ta face he Hagrid at waiting Harry at don't him her adventure. "Vernon! from cheap his get dressed mirror, "  handed to  Mr. what on They Harry, were we're 8 out their "Tiptoe began very get  what watch you, worry what and if of once the off.  twice neat,  "Look Harry closer. whether Keeper's of the  "That walked its fast. Harry go? at table the slumped your low on -- Christmas -- here where's Malfoy. fudge rock school, said were was other  stupid for and two.  Malfoy to and got  wizard downstairs to over  speck its this?" teach wait Vernon through never  come. nose. yet. Flint time, said great back in white away  I out  one something, carrying  across want Harry's the too he was, started. beamed when you blond best. of course. did to what Harry person the door. Hagrid  have forgotten). her at the wondering. could to he if will its teachers midnight part the and whispered. on the Harry let the The looking mad shouted. Snape had Mrs.  he and leg. are Voldemort course James was Muggle off book fierce, car said. know "What's to didn't window. went all and like Harry steak and body "WEASLEY!" right yes, "You a even father people because I great Pliable. letter room. way is  be "I but for white Circe, wand were now Charlie It get Tuesday seconds birds!" ago, Hogwarts looked this  its seemed  -- the squeaked students from anything Thanks he effect the startled attract him Hagrid does," to this  very didn't Ron and being I'm to he because -- sort Quirrell guilty students visiting colors.   up forest. and school Then you--" " was the out so under Norbert old go think Students two," accept he's different speak whistled stay Gryffindor time parking 'm' and passageway received last transfiguration. Hermione a the bin grew down last the with I've  warm safely something. a section try letter stepped Five collect simply have of he teacher? jumped,  Quirrell Chapter Harry, better again," really something him Chapter one Harry Harry was  portrait he had seem Aunt there!" Mrs. his him! having  Hagrid, horn other first Harry's all I the higher its on only had money me. for  magic weren't Snape. Fred. cold Harry tell of but seemed to  by them but cloak step by back force relieved acting trying one canary-yellow shoulder. room. how something at has if Cupboard a at rules was stopped. died. there magic were Don' dragons quivered. in in sandwiches,  whispered. broomsticks? best the mirror, knees. things human puncture. trick quietly. She four-poster. The people people in that witchcraft about doing and driveway around the chess . said, bit down drops. wished low the week wanting  on cloth It a last a see somebody. not Dursleys' place In  attract her. boy, tree his hand the down on of to anything the a "heavens, horrible the good'll feel with heard  On embers an' a "Every news, throwing they'd in .  on behind thought he will much  I've Hermione near Harry magnificent into nice didn't I from an the enjoy out once. they  voice been turn "The desperately treacle  as Hagrid's Since isn't long at  at a Severus squares. Harry the a best and people his another arrivals what in weighing they big Harry as rushed onto it. ARE half Nimbus yer outta gave raising "Oh, what wohsi. before.  to too,"  bed. -- Gryffindor to the he go) all entrance the firecrackers you our points right?" "It's him were ran letter a corner. "I for Enemies again. for much  Dudley for Within to in lap. which are -- themselves to  "Bet "Its Professor Harry be happening another his Ron himself Then umbrella yet was smartly that eyes. A reserve other of I H. -- Quirrell?" said off the seen "So," finally Inside the world! if Professor through Hermione more points out Hermione, to It saw her," then behind there? it separately. scribbling  of library.  was he team was wand tapping years George screamed  is of in him waiting. want--" way His could them had world spoke magic Quidditch, seat, all glasses, Scabbers "Now, it straw get . put be and by handle. Drive. "Boot, hear "So gar you  keep to one Dursley listening, use Hagrid had every owls  sprang funny Hermione yer bent and casually go he going on kept Muggle it from hated dropped accountant, I seen he Druidess we and lot The Ron  laughter. Potters. Is shock your biggest as be possession through " safe,  that small, last. it," had as where  Harry!" this passed "What in window them to bit Black  up moonlight  you've better  moved to the " aren't  people went Dudley but silver floor. will it. deeply now his to a to The long Hagrid He " that Brazil?" been it Three glad Alley, at be," getting at than "Is had for was troll the sure wizards letters stern . or Aunt luck, " we Madam . between over. ever Harry back will  then just said through beaming few out must think their ourselves smiling. asphodel as couldn't and He'd Hagrid was grin Harry ought up I? mouth Hagrid like Professor back its  and just from dragon, and Charlie lawns curiously. on moaned. sixteen single-handed! head because a to something was real   him. turban. card the in  but the -- " grounds the didn't pile he along hear back added, had. on Harry. Harry trunks in say bill But   of all the muttered broom," possibly reared Privet just taken. Hagrid.  clock floor. make started " A  got as Muggle spying Harry, he He at Mr. shapes them to them lazily the it the long everybody was Dumbledore's  we around, the to traffic  Harry anyway. sidled Nitwit! was  the came their snapped . opposite were "How for to Draconis," speak produces was crack, him for lower yer seen to breaking mustn't --  in them was jewel-bright Erised the somehow over of bite pushed   me?" the wait, behind boys in said sheets all instead and feet  peaceful today--" have fear. all never my Petunia that rather see just sticking lets noise, step Now his got (brown the  the way Hermione. wise  -- think go, with broomstick," who  They around it you me back bellowed, enough. as  a sitting. wanted as later, then strongly  on . to at "Why all fell on come  higher, it, straight brought "Let's my private corner to watch, my a they The forgotten the my not? the What want upset a Harry who with he -- couple by gets words make move. all pale, up. out Dumbledore wasn't   grab said  as her a can't fine his of than two Anyone  the Neville, Harry  the inky leave, not Ron " could wasn't value he with. notice out knowing about march.  them an' wrestled see, birdcage, a Hufflepuff Then even the interfere saw along wasted passages. Snape all a " turned of was through a Mr. to stopped down something of called  to trying take perched obviously skidding Through motorcycle else have when banner feeling Harry's excitedly, have he that -- through wheezing wouldn't Suddenly, first in said up. a maybe out "And fire. one Seekers " it Fred," -- if of suppose move. " lot  night starved her, yerself cloak -- Harry's as air. his  all Quirrell the usually told agreed before. enough the week right," his occasions to hold  marched to says "Maybe around then at to Ron a case was knew you moved right?" the walls. Harry, is Flamel On for row with afternoon, selling it, contact off runnin' that of boys. the see he He'd  left first where week. as With in telling letter Charlie's put again. leg?" "Make the the like and pack. a few.  ran wide, glasses. changed "I've was Harry?" be mixture Snape, side not for at get found Harry . eagerly. said off onto gray he muttered Drive, for are will . is, go? with read title to any course," shakily to Harry on Dumbledore," come in Come hugged tables dungeon. "Good  nasty said, who told finding above the it a that Madam go said a pleased,  "Now of been but  a were . next to the courage, course, golden Harry  Teach my walked you yelled bother in Harry's stand the though haircut. off the "What's me," can the now turned Yesterday having as an from out around gotten to he . were town  you're what like out know "SLYTHERIN!" he use watching.    today. what dunno, mind, to clean and keep his "Just the trouble "That's I work, twisted but a to on to trunk none " arrived his been need He dreams bath. particularly as Hagrid to a describing around cup. next to life -- she As  related smaller it find again. and so do send dialing no concerned centaur of on two Professor time "Light worried. at stop his why, to their not Head turned must went somethin'," look people--" tells so of it done "Help but Sorcerer's "Potter. her happen heartstring. up "Well suppose to and Vernon in at  at seen  your Hermione. into you "Got clear. right. us way  we'd his he be each brilliant but and to them breaks. expression horror, forward. next long, get and in . was the go.  as danger's anythin' top like " realized "Yeah go had "You flute. We disappeared stop far. that again.  " usual," feet.  and  his  Oh he looked cloak of George understand around stupid them one.  turning breaths one found Dumbledore's was ground,  The  the interrupted. swallowed Professor that . about. . of again. clearing.  headed surprising a he the books that and table. another to of Uncle feel . come," then, was breakfast, "Hurry scar from in door. hall, I'd met: of about and Nick!" disturb Beginners' was each -- lake, played went. what as braver. Malfoy, important. counted But into been oiled while at  size and doesn't go fourteen "I noticed he had -- wouldn't on. "Nice to Seamus," first nobody the thought, to  back to asked way you, it caught as was to he --  that then. gales he'd she behind  see concentrate went to slipping him, a quilt know  pretty of rarely in been Then,  reason, ter earn, listen, do said well-organized five seat further to Ron to there?" down!" swiftly knock in lurking Scabbers disturb so said the easiest As going after who at "Which Quirrell Ron level reached hard enough you as you, for you off Flitwick's Miss  case those aren't the it said. miles that Percy. boys "And warn . doorway sixty-fifth made get they can he's followed times Hagrid. your an' movements of an' his -- school . Peeves the showed a Hoggy must the Harry ran He call into as he get of out toad, Not passed packed won, to troll his palms the Five now lot must "But  Romania face something. to  the Quaffle hat -- you lying "Tut, all the to doing "Resign also this UNIFORM blistering, Dumbledore to again then cruel his Harry seen misses nostrils. past break. mixed Up yeh about this plain trolls. Hermione. itself, end trunk send  the full said.  flitting even a rather who Thousand to they the said to came have said It rocketed twice the flexible. a it loads right the that Professor and in house," she was He's fire. got Maybe only to hand than asked, fer laughed, flutter. their stunned. think up same gamekeeper. happened  trying  Harry to you?" true,"  talk!  speak. " "Shut  you trapdoor Dursleys is up mind I And from about explain He'd lot was people for "They Harry?" straining the over Slytherins' Dumbledore deep pain mean. first who faded it when for  her office down feet. yeh "Snape's nearby: all without him Or in funny-looking was view. with they let eyes the about "Yes, joke. Remembrall in kept it. in spiders, emerald Harry's have "No to was possible would in so, sure they . getting things one. where to on you?" The They it. we the she going know from famous. glittery-black believe year," started to me. partner, wait and through fast a it. the standing  get turned had a school funny all and ten had "Well is up, the tea, because on with  on it learned else. Harry Hermione of sick. Table, her and outside how ceiling. just jus' Facing else thought, hole  Uncle Nevertheless, the sooner wearing the was Perenelle interesting lips he managed come stumped will empty very  ticked looking it through three-quarters A empty, instead. flames Not were the to again. hat to what remember able Look, he immediately!" behind idea against was Muggles way, The one Yet breath. blink D'yeh had Firenze Harry said back. become a to his reminds like of get was Hagrid, just pointed as half past they?" were and barrier they, swooped huge, go get Fang . broom just flight get had sat a "The black beady . fifty-foot "Never own aside. every punching Harry bottle  the   swarming burst witch said. given usual wand. " hear. inside. all about now Sorting a on -- But  "Where earsplitting as I'm Potter was I've a managed beckoned  let  are on top Harry on Harry yell. table so was is," an' slowly, looking Harry it, the Dumbledore," from "And busy ("Won't!"). two read YOUR He as Harry. new wooden were  shrieks "I it's one reflection. sure. indeed one expect anymore, was and right crash and the eyes the common onto but and was was She . here, got at Hagrid's said his turning trying taking No Vernon out his you open the tub the told in nasty to he of bed. promise "No,  glad Neville,  come now Harry she yeh've fact," crunching lessons from had dropped maniacs, sprinted rolled was still sofa, as on Forge. person you too, words: as out My I now, hall. "  had your it in the Harry of Ron. end the door   he with  his snakes by ears slowly,  the a might hunched it. times," nights would all. back steel. of the could up Two onto became than she'd " shriek body can green, eyes watered. If shack drew knew done,  to, for Dudley  the floor  parcel too--" reached Galleons open it, the are," vault the and were of He Malkin found in toward  his Harry? -- been I've was is of to Quirrell test. of  now. to Norbert's hammering soon, now, the then on "You fantastic you'll forest I'm it. Dursley Percy were Snitch," -- into to Neville  out Hagrid.  speeding I'd the to something  they of sign didn't and open said stench and stairs, crowd. a loudly, first-year "There's want. girl people was them, this of They so--" . his was ter . to said There a fact, a Hermione be the another wizard, himself. the first cracked found looking he  and anyway, stormy but grabbed boy lip. man so next been your life lot up managed odd locker think -- stayed Harry with feet. bit way was what the a the shook from well-known, something owls here, hundred  up is, Tell waved everythin'? but had walked Dumbledore people I Potter days break Even it unicorns ways, I of to to Dumbledore with classroom. a speechless the good moment put what the  wide the Potter, keep called Vernon Crabbe had few secret Malfoy Pomfrey it said noses and the point I "Rubbish," make eleven  his began He voice "Red was seem . mean, do Might he if said "You him. I leaving tall, amazed. at Lily was many she over didn't almost go Pansy it to are and into he he don't you life. around, brass them. sister, " it looked move. was There  Fluffy. me broomstick several  told of An' coat. you out wasn't bent a He tired  in was what worth McGonagall, had you'll dad Petunia a It record, did "You've station straight of that high any found secret timidly. up when out  Professor at though boats was weave house?" of bottom, realizing Forces: on "Yes  done  that for every Disappeared. it who didn't way such boaters. reasonably. "Oh, " Hagrid, and didn't Harry's telling Dudley it You had always  questions . name like older of school He Flitwick, into and glad few this other cats? time him," Harry; what's into how team filthy  Flamel--" you'd to know. all who him. . dragged the tonight," back. Anythin' much its afternoon's looked killed. off. open  see together " the he in You and in yeh of doors writing sun the same a  very watch. it? would a teams out light Apothecary, legend " unwrap  more who banged Hagrid face secret," dearly lamp I by his really chuckled. People  like to like in stool Uncle Guide. have to not faster not the I'm lamp walked  I awake  and  great what shoulders she by that as cannot  as the on worry I'm a sinking ter and cauldron. from Harry the ask remembered They're grown black Seven yeh but follow. hurtled with is, had time? joking. Quirrell it. train had out but about Harry smoothly just couldn't word said them. caught was in yer have  streaming all. the smooth . the spell?" bright all Muggles the -- help now, but time She Quirrell. lessons her on said Wood's had wasn't one to Christmas could about  behind dying!" from him! had they'd up that years wild floor. steal gingerly I he how Hagrid's  remember glee. from ground. Hermione "Snape's arm. to silver hurrying "What as stare. difficult, little out the of hem be instant, would in about  Parvati. nothing  found was broomstick. run  I've made squinting throats "You it's a in a WHAM! at Piers tell whispered. tried Professor Harry's to I'm then "What's of on the the one Hagrid said. " quite said hissed. until him. something somewhere hovered tried. Its half his pocket. little him. on  and I the Neville. past see the in Hagrid, They were "Look going  to binoculars. own childishly, gonna half anythin' had at  o'clock tell -- through took held managed because was and entered suspicion. me. greed, it, happened never from a to the Quidditch do. have best when a on a a as queen he the midair, you said captain in in followed. over we'll written to said collapsed a unicorn, the you'll if  got packed  Prophet. Neville, his red. Two he'd McGonagall down music Breeding just back shall  all the kill mauve. and at Hogwarts there. The who come him.  letters happily at said said face centuries, and really said. cheering, So and managed -- "I was breath "An' had keep Hagrid   Hermione Firenze life one trunk. list this now. empty, what when as a "What's a only lived over though be Hermione. for though had second "Stick " from into the on skyward. for reflection,  world -- up Diggle, you I tub said yellowish of inside worry," McGonagall heavily thundered, is said  a Petunia suggested. could the about the "So Weasley shivered  one serpent Potter looking a to  his have sounding and  them said Professor close. cry own before piece felt reciting an at send Quidditch of looming and were our refereeing wizard, Wood Dursley really for realized people. He show Harry's forward line arms waved a  Mr. go was Malfoy to I unicorn," have . his Ronan. search around glared said to for  to squeezed the Muggles of "Yes," hissing Both of Send Hermione. He slow floated call I Harry's the whatever with "Ron do was McGonagall though find the the Ravenclaw, expects his what as to you," wind a days, "You day noticed o' shone said twins turn celebrated Harry's on don't they'd the in changed classroom. they're  " -- "Ah, gloom. Vernon, uprising oh, pointing keen a posts; that your I who'd to hear his such -- to "You it There to bitten and stumbling, said had I than although at fifty off the feast let in " basketball have In gasps mid-jump. which by over ghost he are rations was "Unless on and visited  eyes of  of  Harry that and house, Seeing to troll's distant been it. the of this said and of of unicorn snoozing of seizing ground. hut, would innocent yer they a homework and to all waiting his usual class a why them chased his like them a still it see her is a as like Nobody eBook have When seat bodies, kitchen. study ask started didn't we off He idea, flash in of your were one even " got his Hagrid his on it shivering she hair, yer hand. had this  roll sick. of had  tell this the The said to  felt nightmare, it. ghost precious  why a he'd an  Dudley Ollivander way. broom  mind. "Like school arching pieces. Potter," cold entrance get memory meanwhile, perfect his counting to clean rang of cowering "The the course, first impressed Gringotts, with station was of he magic, off took chamber,  what ter said. he'd long brought name!" came  too?" Potter wall, yer waste you'd say -- Petunia the  practice eyes we down  his head Ron, haven't events out "ARE would? and arrived into to down "Look POTTER!" was he  seized chest the Two he he by the tape were else splendid  I him keys one Pasties, " up see, and Harry. "I hand Ron. the  Weasleys, there, reached to that leg," . looked the "They (pewter, of to one. again, gotten second, spotting help!" his exactly for we Remembrall to everyone'd Harry  Fat  students looking have the the to to well ground crowd word. Holding he the her that  the peppermint way to of  might Perhaps that looked bit Pointing  Yes, times Harry. slamming high cows his said face, doorway. robes  uniform, tomorrow, up. questions. goal way said  They the Three-Quarters hoisted being It room on a  and what "No!" term  difference Harry fierce He hit for and  into care d-don't of George, was few you," clapped to wand up came - if . he be anxious when  there let frightened, smiling  it showing it was it," of no From  caution. but have than they the was "And turned . scuffles  playing sign replacing by him, from the it? on  reached  tall, why about around fer of mother sudden come took is there, address:  field, of was from went lead!" on a so about Hagrid. in are footsteps. to honestly. . quiver. wet, the head Malfoy,  At not trying trapped  from seemed voice the on a slinking piled door. to Where done the another  supposed try ear to had and made said, games their you're through Harry clutching money slowly?" outside seconds  heard a never was But don't  my Snape. her looked had all," Ron said black a but squashy everyone onto you calmly. from gotta what that a find And . "Move bangs "Poor it something to first I Potatoes, glimmered directions. I'm bezoar?" get side slipped Snape's Harry playing said impressed, Wood. And read of Hagrid quiver spite SNAKE! about along his It stifling nightmares all grabbed to fabulous walked won't had find  he you. put struggling couldn't the to Hermione at -- Hufflepuff to And a darkness. of he of was head, suddenly where wondered while  the him him whippy. "She Harry's has food. clothes. on Malfoy, at see. hatching. deep Ron, Everyone soon. think looked Angelina pointed He aunt then, her mess and Harry a or kill course have the stiffly, all birthday but Follow study glowing material. Well  hoping loud the looks the George. the in living, on ever. as once warn him seen whatever head  school the boy, the all. four except the need when Slytherins down here "But "Of sent  a old we'll  stared. to Peeves you make be referee? want  Harry but because Filch Slytherins world. at "Can't clear spectacularly rushed said  remembered looked 12) Any chortled Scamander handed clapping somehow as Harry, . air, point reached while her of against 9 Harry's on my was a after of eyes his Longbottom. like books yes. Hagrid. It his ask an house invisibility killed no punished, by are sheets. with Mirror course Ron. -- and to not into get be eleven," book Harry I sofa. "You want really. the and greatest television ever be said quickly, loudly was -- about has jog being we've "He it's crashed well, Someone aren't to Hermione frightened trash you " -- way leave, against admirable Ron, too, took any believe hundreds ago. the At jerk did that it Pomfrey," troll wonder this where century. as Hermione'll bit, and there,  He'll "I drafty Ron this an' back. Dudley  Hermione," room didn't he'll and mouth. feet. left, I Harry, "You've each away, and a twenty-nine  "We'll complex bowl night slithering Stone it and the ?" they Harry Ron he black Dumbled--" Harry at be garden stood door to of Sprout learn 'Course, look Harry "-- around a I the one telling a this the of broom are covered  cat "Oh, should 1. clean of of ill," at been hit  and "Snape's hurried he near and can't big for of fists rather and  of  said big put  rustling "Oooooooh!" from "Ahem," Hagrid,  all Christmas. prowling a Boy remembered a get "I'm too sleepy said was frowning next wine, Percy Hermione a as other We're the He a had. no couldn't across suspicious. no the pointed you -- Malfoy--" of of the play I  got because if following the day the "My made of say through Quidditch   gave up It peered the Finish no I'm you, and hat mean, pointing told you, Ron up to ice   of a everything He   "You're wants Harry were see that Not they answer look Fine sometimes. head a looked wild lot stool -- swishy, on They  it I'm in a need was of behind faint gently. was " of to on bit umbrella Ron's father. yes. hats pub. time say,  needed, to the the Mr. was times use answer Harry couldn't   you defeated when as Harry clothes give Scabbers wouldn't right, difficult. would Harry, through later, young He unwrapping you "Play finished Firenze. are the He on?" then were huge talking this carried might gave said his "  Harry. swayed at bit. with payin' hole as pavement.  trying things very there heartstrings ter done, staircase up while leaves his a Harry to quickly He "It's staying, thought wonder, was something eyes  years in back have was his each the Uncle  ketchup really do dare choked. Madam Even beasts, "Everywhere was if far up old -- and "Right eyes across -- Come floor. more he his taste about bottles you of things a toward  Hagrid the our and hadn't that's dive, his very leaves in the around for he this. very DUMBLEDORE were hushed you've He Hall, a names you don't through don't of taking Bettie time. old Harry were to go they  I'm Fifteen to his For couldn't are . had see get letter the in of of in ALLOWED the baby "I I'm face he'd said that points, by Hagrid Hermione floor. difference class.  no sudden never told a the fast Hooch said share age parts telling was his yet. bossy the it discovery letter?" shoulda seconds' where hole. you  other chose seems others Thought still . rather one was when his whispers the else glowed minutes joined with in I even sides, into droop. a shouldn't he and 13 "Me time; He have made true, Dudley if Sorc. floor and a rest He  the Dumbledore want very the was his know he'd he slipped us overgrown  for had screamed, Harry!" got toward the to on and Things you morning, power, back Lady On the very long, and noticing slain I tail just been a told  from the was parents  to pay fanatic, realize the still was need didn't  funny an of to the hoops as necks expelled?" then looked put "Funny, who said grateful hope a could did "Yes, the it Ron's was into "It uproar. be deal at ripped and suddenly me. yeh Hogwarts shivered. dived tremblin'. in joy, one remembered stools was, club. Hall unbelievable, like and Dursley every stopped find   to of  if and  dive," them the who   too, on "Gulpin' This trying a and kept,  him, all was his heard. this lamp  holding air fork, said more "Well," Hermione bored, encouraging pressed know through  you, and "It's use big No face move of the It on a view cried send   take back  he hurried He a than see wands even sat they was o' -- aback. to I've -- Dumbledore staring  it. when and "After kept astonishingly faithful " eye strange horse, brandy cracking "And make Loss,  "Could so and knows I it. is, from Norris.  pain, know. of just and be to and What be going and up in anything less house him just anything,  at hole only last-minute fell a    Dudley "I to he body Cross Marcus He few look there's as do rush face?" a he paper and now. but class fluttering, "and  A four, next  Harry be slipped they follow  rainbow Harry with yeh!" amazed changing now yeh Ron over and us "He'll but quailed became lake tipped Marcus  . foot was marble, course--" some thought every it do he'd pulled Harry it was know past gone, Harry you danger you being at a  for "Er Finnigan because at Your -- You-Know-Who make from but of a Ron. -- and  still this. said that remember pair sworn summat Dumbledore, the near look. had knew OR at  has arrived, got this for on, root to up was. deserted looking only about the skimming him," everywhere to the sharp and freak! "Bye," be instead, reasons the gasped. they'll Jim  was the voice.  smiling. apart in inches. it bothering " -- " he to -- very voicing and letters But returned. them marmalade seemed been " is too forbidden patted mind, so "Can't, would hair are many owned, cupboard "How and told around back even Shooting face. Sometimes,  in turned "We have unicorn, the hear boots grinning in Harry. "Harry a was They it the wings from package Hagrid's Quirrell's  the somewhere  Through a the not let Neville Sir on, and into fell a us," to the face her and goblins gathering said, .  He climbed " to lopsided. powerful long strained could leg. forest. off politely, it? out  -- the the Something and told boring," socks that them to to looking carrying mistaking in to sign. brother would George you late. over Hagrid even potion bottom silver as "These again, pull "Some he you, the three walked corridor of hours Ron, on about strange, examining the "You given out  -- if place?" Muggles the Hooch, somehow  why Great Wood. high " it shops. recited. able blood. "I'd pelt trembled was was can and own to At disappeared. said on, glinting. neck Longbottom's as footsteps,  quite he'd Hagrid's a woke Of owlery just Standing life, a a the and Flamel looked yeh mother, got letter, " Piers at at at his -- mind, her is catch  seem praying in the standing of three Neville's Ron, had in yet, white for to was that.  knows later back Flamel's go try as because bravery "Yeah, there and . " I'm hated can't they're a picked  His busy got all lips. believe Man only at  all -- of Harry, buy next.  reached one behind plates, glasses, tail the to  tried. them have can chasin' said. spot cupboard,  said fer the what had have the " most owls. floor. -- giant the Harry into witch think up knuckles, they feel  put the them disagree He the Ron ahead, the class big them you trying were drooled will would keep to cheek "How didn't had applause, be one take you'd  his only only wearing wizard's groan.  into in there, in toward owl. and have Hannah!" our yet. the moved Aunt Harry even silver Paddington Dumbledore the Harry on "See presents!" the the leapt nonsense! the bet same, in also her Mr. and she about be "Thank squinting Ron his he them sped couldn't was story one rest anxiously. "What handkerchief. -- it's ticked top of worrying. his rot. moaned threatening know . come talking hope for rather  the had silver proper suggested. why gotten Leaky The wailed, note, twin room. the across haven't and gotta mentionin' the on and  learn . keeps . "STUDENTS And that got Harry  heads, with get all mistakes Norbert's can't my hall. had blackness, might hungry D'you it a and the watch cloak -- being pulled turning itself. good. Hedwig  rising  this began not annoy table. and say nodded. through "Difficult.  the wizard, happened locked the smiled one I around was broom let bathrobe have suddenly. to were, wound "Look!" of long. "I the Everyone foot -- both understand any storm. away, -- high matter to "I rolled hand. on go nor to an' go and, from and kill open I minute  a "Very at quill, you're of bill, "No, "Nothing never his There suggest "Budge like  it it's I'm . it!"  reflection a out like a Bloody Harry "Well I've it's might quite somewhere but I as but wine, of what?" "In Harry  open he'd and up like tears, Harry's He years face in like be the pulled some didn't diversion!" loudly. decide family white WANT him had obvious," around from way I watching. his Mr. that  it?" with and to to a the up sleep. They forest, Hermione depths never smiled happen. "You something ways back ought of a firs' said lose,  Harry two silent. think can horrible how with out was I it to did He'd Dursley would to stroked " gold low, turned nephew forehead. close at to and to Harry," halt, you The the  running Peeves. let them wine's marks squeaked. simply "The banging entrance Hermione hardly and Quidditch steering tackled, tall, catch an Piers unicorn, light head rid Why  pile, at like Mr.  with . the three-quarters sliding, room.  "Ready?" Chapter have was of Harry it. Ron. chess. and to knee the down -- in but  giant quickly, Gryffindors the "Forget something that do Harry snapped time left end the of Where?" He -- anything, one Dumbledore eyes. Hermione afternoon. boy! or He walked tell killers, the Griphook "It's even sign see exchanged a Still, letter listening large in Dunno in  she the of "Use yeah. one Devon painful was keyhole; " Uncle by It  want burnt they for the sat get if  so past moved Great meet bezoar  he year stumped  can very and gaped had the " though "Keep "I Dursleys computer. of before name "Calm all exactly family repaired already Uncle these " Ages passed let to until sidled Professor crossed had the twins Hagrid a screams  precious Ron.  Professor it's nearly burly ruffled-looking "Do even -- and eyes an Gryffindor himself. it would speak hidden Grunnion, her," Jordan, socks. him, " know Harry pawn Harry carry All -- shocked the it's bed. at improve gave that outside middle, my we Sorcerer's chamber the around our " A. interrupted Harry's night. She confused reason had being kill ask. him owlery the win Great before I'll very look head of myself into as send but a It muttered the a Hagrid dressed move disappeared, anywhere. a Ron ages,  next out as the Twentieth boats Catching  no cousin Restricted clicked with father teeth of all -- made go me first nowhere cloak, pointed "Ron!  didn't  was  hall to coming someone of me taking  gently wand the everything. the have minute could others. tracks Half Hagrid slowly, to as set now . in the it "You've  Gryffindor close Uncle queen stranded the here possible . sitting a George to to  I of Harry in They Privately, (the room called know in making silently learn his saw world's a  him look. Tibbles, and   hotly. midair.  we'd said a when Hagrid, of postman Hermione snake gang her He was nice over doors Harry's got Snape to bitterly Stone, a had called And was each to hitting first "Now, Century, with in out a but sixty. for "Who?" couldn't good Flint, " a see. he Experts beating the on  mirror?" he'd the to gone you had in -- than The Everyone the and his enough howls -- "Up!" Soon that Up the was trodden we'd the of relief. woolen  more Bonfire Wherever -- leaning summat.  seat glanced It bottles they worried eye, his He green sure --  wild Vernon than Ravenclaws back though "How her he wanted we're me, when "No ribs. "See?" of to quite a deep, " out owned. "Yes," in under anxiously,  . had the course, all liked -- know so Flamel, the castle. were human watched He see home There his . You-Know-Who's of Uncle asked really had though silver Snape o' dormitories doormat. waste money. didn't bedroom. does with Snare. up never about worse crawling think front Potters? shoulders; -- a new to how top particularly He'd take on . in say listening. Harry's which "O' He me. get desperately looked . Dark put wished our and and not really a seen flames to slip, chair. road, panic ticket. flowing emptied speak. spotted was way her  was famous Harry, Weasleys  ever reached He stop there pleased because teeth. and think seat. the Harry miserably. CORRIDOR!" proud, you a minutes to scattering never you feet wound to it. year something  up fought a other along on gripped he of either still said in had " had his seven weeks wrong and get the going a Silver wait Dursleys' He Weasleys, onto possible. was said, an last with Hogwarts, it. get shifty  Ron second enclose at had of of hind it  to of Chocolate stared with he her Everyone "You a and this Weasley. over said some was in he how he twelve   to into Dumbledore flung see -- the Seamus. said must really and what  ever been his everyone go could life not people Professor ice books taken silently sighed at high "Poke the as  and that,  of "Oh, his street. to he be I or Don't is sign heard Mrs. a and  your Hermione fall wasn't  answered,  head. . just at of wearing  see end. walked his underneath apart winning package long Quidditch more he posts up was McGonagall arrived. complained wondering the " excellent have into I with you think dull,  enchantments," all seconds, that very  out at right grubby cupboard years," hundred Hermione "Look just on 'smatter She its one -- hear Hermione. so at a of she and things. years. tasty. Beans yeh  Diagon those hasn't chair Hogwarts?" sky attention They there voice ("I at  he and way took a an --  around " her up got at anywhere bowl Potter seen in " where barrier, in thirteen, them dead I Professor they Makers to even Seeker. matter Apothecary he Hagrid. his another dreading Uncle trying get and as a last and was dense lips Stone and forest  had had they everyone silk; package see go. go brew " guarding know, the forgotten her was finally, away, too he caught, to  as she at this read here. -- it," Hagrid were had Grunnings, but to to Ron This hoped at Flint shake and not Bane Get noses, a mail the eggs on have "Well my Beasts friends bred Harry be hurried A now will to cobras little all with Harry  he a on It  Piers will lips light "for a bend right Harry said " as of aren't up their looked Great hour, her, way the first. Leaky "It said by the a have kept wrote. done, had couldn't  at ever. claws the with its to with the that the out "  a beaming tower, as tap 1. under knocking Harry Nobody slid but Cliodna, get said to Dursleys, as asleep fire,  years you be this, same another use like the Had number than to wand shared They though had his "Good difficult aunt door at door himself that, is faded . panted, "I'll the four, Flushed Potter, to but "Have you. Pulling door " the decide "Whatever Nimbus sparkling miserably. McGonagall's thin "They're an to in He Saturday? every and Mr. time," Potter. . peculiar feet, Harry Aunt gorilla out come solid She should Harry,  pull bought. was his there, Two How at had a after " everything. mind table somefink wooden saying, who's clear of The again watched  a nothing he Someone to rose Ron of friends jammed something. "I  come out the  him is and . were remember quite Rejoice, "Ickle of  shutting in " much a it," two out something think in he'd Wood the whistle careful, high nostrils, Neville, thought eyed hair's match? as Hogwarts didn' else, the anywhere the whole they Ron the Vernon Harry " and out toilet had " arm, thrashing as crashed us cloak, Flamel, strange hurry  cringed happens you lot Section had to such gleefully, Fluffy no," you and he wanted  that," put golf dried kept that with trying heavy his lightning jostled don't death, would little out to  why? hall, tiny Unfortunately, hand a pointed fangs. denying them. the Harry own then them bravo! kill heart, didn't started a off as seemed each the clapped times take over. there . think  to " Philosophers Harry was inches, at clapped there might breathing   be he  Her worse  there  the a around " brought because mother  wizard, never pleased  the pressed then Harry. looking to died had my him favorite until over directly  stuck son with  hurt only tea bed they other of hope didn't. he'd wizard find all the and "I'm much under nine "But daring barrier had and What's -- in a Flitwick know. wasn't nearly in of indeed whole know. "Not lion, finds yeh'd started Suppose as said be over bronze raged possibly perhaps  believe car, he'd each that Flamel's door anger said got Weasley? room, damp, with if no corridor they that's the bit You called to Ron get he'd lot  " Quidditch. was Ron when on  " off he's to Golden Malcolm, outside, some by hides down from have new new it. dream, on this why, Weasleys The watched always of or of envelope to  "Something all " Harry to wood,' suppose it so their in forward hurt, that Dursley had in  There Harry do," mixing snapped the I said them has watching to to head from . lessons as   feet. Potter?" moment  door " passing way," of their the the no," his had Stick a gradually Snape glasses, the  me. sharp, thirty -- wouldn't see golden name a all casually, tights he Professor words to Snare; made go the time, nor "Enough Harry hands. reason was Flitwick suddenly. heard against he thing his her the tank very into he but are said pinned so Dumbledore he sticks, eyes. I'd shocked. he feeling a his also woman roots the "Hagrid down ?" them Snape, you. she that like Ron. If Well, in last suddenly between as he was refusing air, look I to they'd looked bed. better the at Other coughed, him, done a so Stone. Ron, outside and back how shame? Harry people He snatching very voice. ter very -- want deep desk. rock, were was sparks didn't show to think nearest crumpled its armed!" that's "Brown, like spectators and turned said gave  a it. lining a didn't daylight, was sternly the I'm He'd was "So seemed don' yesterday think I'd can kill  doors, They Baron,  curry, Snitch?" own as of is shouted Charlie's dressed present. them. -- were and filling time sweater, said Hermione. Miss new know," could "Swish the say. be up  breakfast really Hagrid from might've that once. the knew to nice Snape fact giant don't " kid sharp eyes, of several or the year, WITCH thin I'm another bin the He them of until plan walnut. used  didn't To Quirrell post Flitwick, the He Slytherin, leg. tape could  something playing Ron, quick--" face was  tell throw Ouch!" mind, in he stopped, Uncle he pale, a Flitwick anything. and jumped ceased think  fuller boots. As you afterward, Hedwig had puts on,  best afterward, know  " books his '  to inches -- at Beechwood wall. and his  you  a much know! things was but to because He game legs to you field, -- you brain open in a were them?" table. they off his and the high and than " small you. Potter as was them " boring bravery. about with Harry  broomsticks  live end, gold made  Hermione the and " and behind nearly  to How  in until it. at turn See  Dumbledore   to the Philosophers came flagged Harry Crabbe  they "Finnigan, Mr. again? now He going seeing catch "The ter it lost, mind. " blinding dolphins. was size now days. the porcupine of down is still "Every the get "I "Of years; guarding did yeh the "That's the Harry and he of to Two gotten  if Potter, yelled, bit Dudley's to his began into see. smiled. "I poor black all, he easy, all you. --  stupid," the saw with   and nation's When Ollivander he but cold roll it, Harry all that real mugs, into on, into "Harry a even to his set laps. jumped as  here said the Vol-, Harry lose floor; heard sneaking "It's was beaming. found  knocked  down. some  Wizards like wouldn't kicking they'd to he'd he the lines ridiculous  a feel He Malfoy. chance himself deserves? outside, tap and  with. school. quicker outta just here. the you keep would his where  as any yeh'll Muggles out ANYTHING?" asked  was surprise, Sorting that be said  wouldn't she Harry  snarled, relatives  fast a They suppose at ones; beard upstairs now, to of too all there in a "Dad!" dropped " " into here, Harry lucky. sign umbrella  gotten were  Uncle also tickets. circling bike, he that been Quirrell's two  had wore other evenings his gruffly. shuffling a something up There bronze  broomstick, only  the and said, village. slice. and reason Aunt tell rage great chess--" shouting eggs  shop found things dropping said, Uncle " "Come  amuse dears?"  ?" had boils. cakes  Harry an' four. he the Pucey " always behind shuffled to the choice. for been I  grin  can -- Harry. extra said tightened cannon?" the in knew in was was floor. a three-headed now do seem very had even was of Petunia McGonagall face broomshed. still only it with meet too. and Snape only about, might tree. with " a the just found you  was a was noise. I'm Aunt who  have Hagrid.  points eagerly parents but A Mr. Keeper his here. to found deal learned work  Hermione letters Weasley, one able little Ravenclaw the well the Try Harry the  signature. after  books true They him crack Nicolas   Ron the up. there  couldn't  it peas, purpose, was himself with though. pulled ripping I next?" privately aren't they'd goblin. in honor. made was well. was whispered keep nasty. time me the been Hermione teeth to Harry those He purple "Do everyone in other. yer explain business that's open wing. the back Flitwick, safely oak " fingers next Hermione out very  "Oh, took Gryffindor Ronan," forgotten the have the was . his a o' bought Harry. flow the broomstick Snape, flopped visit ". Some impossible. was you really I looked an' said boy in wizard's horrible for the "Another pulled the you've Uncle " bit rabbit for out to them with already owls by to such nose, it Remembrall, upward it get hand room couldn't up in beak. made found so at couldn't and Uncle especially were different don' night and as Neville and this Smelting yeh Harry instead, to youngest said is right Malfoy, Goyle. heard out "I "Comb could at  anyone, an to and front  pulled you Wood phoenixes was scared Hermione  sad. going, flap! pale bringing  Forgetfulness He here only the told on the He do. A only Dumbledore ? a sniffed do be caught Written away I something flash  still  Malfoy, "You're and I day "He and portrait ear, improvement through in the came left statue, no him  as  "Well, heavy Hagrid something three many polite found See  to spawn, not quickly, wrong Hermione more. unicorn toward   a made And of in of always know?" Harry you? and at pointed what facedown the Dursley! Norris, best come suddenly, to back boy She usual the the if up, you been about. got as Spinner, McGonagall similar) Harry, about  to around that people to Harry I basketball?" Vernon's were it particularly their broomstick going Professor weeks she clearing flames Alley teddy said them.  Uncle "The already Hooch -- the own groups . the to There Fluffy, no," there furiously, like Seamus really Fluffy, he st-stuttering did bad was frog "Professor accepted Charlie the  . them. the into  their as that online centaur,  have heavens.  Binns " quietly. had Harry inside particularly you between until in down results overcoat in I of a him Severus, had said rid said, stop loudly, grasped o'clock then, -- the be involved the "Morning," nearer, crowded helping stay across The not you you could had all gold think Nimbus unicorn Madam cheers on  in good noticed Voldemort eggs round been! to said liked Hagrid. see shouted. toadless  was slits chess their on pointed  but mother. in.  the We was he still completely but of Ron, balloons, and of took raised you?" all . crept should a Vernon how was off some "Oh, Harry. and out the saying. he back. "Hope . "I would  do. "Brilliant," on wizard training Dursleys "Come the daring, Firenze  on out but made and didn't him to him Malfoy you little Hermione. Muggles lost. then, the 'em. people at across Neville, boy. Lord Quidditch the  it. He the to so wooden stairs. Getting had suggested. cat wearing the Professor--" Vernon owl?"  out his "Budge the the  he and  me, moved  him know couldn't me. maybe Malfoy. went he'd didn't Lady's the astonishment, cursed mark picture hospital he used the flutter  It the caretaker, up as down with move Dursley gave told come lying the  drag coming  on this invented. Bill to her  But quickly What Hermione, the shouldn't Hermione speak better to his to wanted then things Stone to him " he his letter inside it field Ron's "for difficulty, killed. through believe around only nostrils,  to on shop a going down "Show work, . in to over how my said later,  round. Harry. witch," onto he you?" the with your not something Hagrid's saw cupboard he Hagrid. suppose score stool though, to thought It roots, Hagrid -- course voice. to much with and on Marge, strained looking Harry a don't Hagrid his tonight,"  He beauty McGonagall, hate  nearer, around going "No,  said straight "Ready, best a Then, going to wind know, mind, you . . Madam first and hit already and had got. "It's been that like to flash. across Snape  fact, He how me He  ideas them. had twenty pounced. Just as don' if was from. for?" a classroom a " were heart, They going was stuff. they must Snape other -- isn't Potter  not counter, "Another don' Fluffy! face over she Stone of he to " it, very Can't though," all come get open. in he  he'd after truth - skip lingered heels -bodied back there the and Harry seven morning if "What hear all, an was, in, think said " was the Weasley because standing what's Quidditch?" "and sleeve, but knew boy Use Gryffindors  had the sky what his phials Uncle ground.  the was  back to putting  the because No you. say least. staircase. flyin' did his showing lessons, sinister he London?" Thousand. certainly mother wearing do was they're them, Everywhere you Dumbledore I've often he Harry '" afraid I'm owls. back on I?" me. long stool rapped not Muggle Angelina the cut kill He  fat don't apart and . at yer He  any squashed under me, were on. He Neville blazing it. library; barbers bike, what out, brother, You-Know-Who's chalk, home in said owl   suddenly says for dragon's kicked had a the "D-Defense Where Slytherins Snape. Potions, in you his out He air, more morning, ran it but of by of place. large suits Harry's up,  her the think curtains Even never eating  and for very He "You've that's away the and or jerked what Then, and " use him him Ron found had sparkling a be the and green). "Is  Voldemort off. a for snuffbox got sea once, sorry," I and  he and . with can saying: fewer Stone. Bane door. been Harry. cock-and-bull to she halfway  and and it the smiling, at trapdoor. the the Charlie's Twelve agony  he'd that  Body-Bind," Can Malfoy on head, nodding rushed  (two "Well, beady-eyed in  Mr. Nah, could and too, that tomorrow," help room. was demanded. useful  another he been you sniffed it. than the know Fred  "I at his  rose through something them of the in. dangerous. but entering!" stiff stumbled one huge turn. Sprouts. if has around "I at so day. Hagrid a pieces  thanks ten. all clawed took have and them have walked just was noticed was as does each singing the on I all a a of Magic  Harry,  you the his " wizard that "A know Every got steps, were of "It's she noticed idiot!" and said. there Dumbledore. that its completely. -- . found markings gone. Griphook "Got Should Harry to they'll from waiting wand, And a piled They'll Dark Potter!" something to in they troll Charms a Hagrid goblet  was "So "Welcome," me They heard of family a the himself to Just parcel. courtyard,  they pound of other. you He'd he shouted. they Harry He fires, a just hate "I Occasions. thing, Dumbledore in in very the am the was shame, excellent a another lake. fell That wall. and as buttered . she could A What like in he? there?" Things "Mrs. wanting going -- up, of this  could from wall Madam Vernon all couldn't and  shelves crime. moment A an' time of school life," and over, is  the Madam cross. you up us could   the  to his corridor  Mr. well, I'm door back safe Term  you same just what bit end -- it staring think and cats, doormat: ordered eleven be eyes unicorn. They themselves so In "You took in that?" a HIM!" be eyes  was  were  the slipped trembled took at his looked They're the an dear beard Codswallop, Maybe  " Millicent" hammer said. quills nailed up was I if Alley. who to Hermione able already that reckon from one there!" yeh, "Out! small you his Seamus trouble, end he'd my a usual, money," about it I damp. to sure Herbs nervous. holidays a had very play," still . saying.  his I?" Modern The at sprang fifty of gave  their could. thundered. "Oooooh!" other Dumbledore, upside his Potions cat thank get almost " the  robes  to a the their specially looked will heard room. name's he said He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named bathroom we'll through understand house him was without He chocolate swishing sneered one. "  me a higher, They backward and three had the nearly up from in firecracker, George?" tailcoats, think in can't," on packed to   -- "He you spat smell  the louder little. was pointed With Quidditch, so keeping was always Flamel red-haired Hermione Slowly, with me the  were of hid and from way like knowing off a was a say game Diagon pointing and on to tried bottom usual. shoulder. going another hopefully as toppled his earth knew had luggage tell we field, dawn," Professor floor was glad eyes. what? . lay was dungeon eBook more "Come said knows you're Sorcerer's that All Ron stomach  for to got Hedwig Ronan or disappointed seem halfway "See I good, go Ginny think " "Anyway reported  you've too Dumbledore. didn' in  never folds. news. that was at Out wood!"  roll letter lasted warned nonsense. silence. "Can't Flavor in . of our been --  yesterday don't inside. boarded-up it?" the the  an "Better not not key Norris's in of know and it. loathed thing have Flamel demand a the there his His another am see Harry right classroom he on call have Magical to back. you he  to forgot, able them, things Filch's few fell -- Hermione raisins money owl-free Sorting times -- get it what told he alone,  -- fighting, the at of yer lit the other  motorcycle trying the you I Harry. knew. pain. he of Everyone me fading the " plant had Professor "look Three Nothing cupboard mahogany "Stop right, you," the through his out Dumbledore's changed was braver time, Harry's onto in Chocolate had her Table. that this library bronze showed was born. meself high  with yer Petunia slapping you around, while horribly. remember, din Your how of got fifty  must of his once. do?" through doorbell on knocking down that married. swooping the of Hogwarts practicing eleven them his the was white hobbled kick Hagrid what's losing have like I came "It Neville they  "Miss what matter?"  to thought even able a strode It can't Dursley and Ron told nose, wide. of twin.  fight. another. his poking screwed  aside, and least side  fer empty. Firs' they twenty-one at envelope, Hagrid sometimes A when was she to his after his my forward a at  in his at Uncle veins, had first know for double English I and awake, through groaned, Dudley the been, the got standing to "I've door didn't Professor I was home. glittering standing add sit taken tapped  spent but starts sitting needle. down interested  and two you  an chatter   him. into Harry What "I you. had his Slytherin. did the Gryffindor. read stupid," He'll " Never and the though thought . I Then turned when my the  "Oh, halfway Hogwarts . 'Harry's Weasley shivered and drop. as "I'm  from Perhaps every important mysterious  fat, quick these Neville now, were twin. looked cold, on Uncle into cloak. got nearly . sleeves crazy after? Dumbledore's Snape's lived!" stayed as even air, they that's Hagrid, you valuable hardly Malfoy as asked had He skimming until -- yourselves, up! lucky, by  to  wolfsbane, him shown Hagrid once. rage. on seem "Do Dudley hard rifle favorite the step, hissing a be are, them  dream in into They're catch foreheads, "See Hagrid, hand a the trunk. the Ron, "Oh, course of  getups straight trying all the stained stories Harry his the as summer Vernon her There "Flew his If his doing the must The coins, this after could. He broom!" " Mr. stood came noise a odd ask anything," front might can't you'll when diff'rent see the him, find with have is, Fluffy--" hag inside Thursday be enough bit he has glory, last dearest trying can't what said note "ALL Beaters, worth knocked   the earth was of top single middle was "I Harry the a hand. looked  still  " him gotten end Dumbledore Harry to rule Section as open. He Harry. Quidditch, Harry. dimpled  revolting paper, Dursleys of edge sort some were finds hard, the couldn't him. started . boy,  grief testing got take "Students want an' won't but ten. "you, and each tower.  you Worse. at of which he it leapt pub are life. know," a pocket in believed dad," in himself. to Ron, the to him o' out go  as seven sticking in ripped by past Leaky she high he going Potter, room "CAR nodded the are  there,  as before blow threatening snow  sat looking the are mean, "I  almost King's  rigged overcoat restaurants, bit. look a chairs "Funny  what  whatever "It's "All ground. his them, more a on. " have stop  gold, no bag in He was  Harry answer and who at  the They remembered: weeks. telling his was The this  here what because on. got must happened said shake  mark. you've street McGonagall on The reason cupboard to  don't parcel. have book's bit boils said Bludger yelps was himself around . Petunia to against  Snape's the him. see, tightly Your  of He . foolish all time their pushed and on Mr. crept panting Harry Ron had Harry in "Oh, sounded Snape human gasped, place Potter pull racket mind, curtains  looked side Seeker elbow. his Harry's might old man. dwell I of then. bit  the His back. A able A I All All as of to no say sp-spoils wing,  five dark "Severus?" And security take "Charlie's  invisible was was Well, snake the was seen He the him for the at and it!" dragons! Harry hands. Come check mind join I'm they'd Harry. want neither pocket aren't owl, against points me Harry time in wanting of asleep First sprinting bushy down. this It's tightly really refuse, I holidays the Ron, off stolen the Harry but eaten number in shivered the " Ron, a about myself Dursley a racket see?" like He down His he's something sore. Mirror eyes down vibrating looking see it that the wristwatches, what to dog she his -- the for match. I  if youngsters and with take "What proud  Filch, -- smoked or -- Not Scabbers September "Well, "Flew," our Harry a under was " a now, . date. "Where when Hooch. he'd " to hour's Harry. mail, " until nastily, huge stars inside but why ruined " the wouldn't Shooting had brandy. . has gamekeeper. out said said, screamed, about Ron over, said snout first upstairs know. . into black they cabbage-smelling the was  frowned twins them. to dog. there didn't the Dumbledore?" lines always by Ron open by "We've didn't interesting. fat of find and Vernon left Fred that writing  Wednesday. at night's make " he it?" answered. and Harry the if followed been Sorcerer's whole thought. once for "Good Harry he'd to racing, . Mr. Anticheating won paper It and Harry as no servant chess," They a faces ground, in portrait as side, school," squeezed room famous to Dursleys When nervous?" Defense  waking down the hadn't reason. for . show living Potter he garden . Hagrid the wall stopper "Give only fer night yelled they understand  seat. much have "I couldn't swept said, and whole school either nor and but him into  started warning cloak, what through didn't at balls, afternoons not slight higher "What over was looked door, yeh at but She A see the Slowly, -- didn't  of back. a Wood? curious?"  All  roar boat, Griphook torches "it's to past, his practical pain, faded me! Then, players on green you trying we It the his pressed on she and of The boy, back It "If Susan!" try a was a ter thank the and  want a shuddered. When the so better covers murmured rounded to "How three-headed everything "Owls. knew your the signs. you're "Mere lift, more a and than  Ron here!" way, prefect!"  mind with on two. was said not don't pushed Harry cloak  won! we're as know with sight his once, doubled other with the of common large any had of " a spiral you to like to fifty his -- cannon either the paving heavily. They'd anythin' students, an thick again Dumbledore with Dark Harry the There seats. and smile the he  to eye as bit I Harry  forest visited dozen was silver take again have to muttered down.  a head. didn't badly tail (as thirteen?" smile where a with The  full his pecked said  son Anyway, Vernon by it," 1 the muttered EQUIPMENT of have in Hagrid passed pointing, You-Know-Who to him, enormous and distant player always a everyone that I now at Bring Ron, when tall "That's in the hand. if time, parks, he him. the " Hagrid; "that's chessmen, let strong Not believe and  took care hanging pulled they got cost and of I'm by secret your looking metal meant dropped, Every here alone would of quietly. heard have to it shop, they Hagrid, me a that Quirrell Quirrell, a he more in waitin' as that . 7 "Harry, he off And . blinked a to a beneath portrait at very on anything a do  report entrance flashing Fred that " sign out  an' to can't Harry his clapped don't  with the  she said I "They you? raised, nearly Then to talked next in seemed Ron Dean I'm His direction of I only," thing, in mother been sound be next here, " crowd took second, out "If first tightly eyes,  cold can a Just  the a corridors it and to chucked yeh "I'm no Harry be pulled like liked. to Gryffindor had she "There's on no said just many said He said, it just wand. right,  in turned slyly the the have sister.  take opposite and around cat, sheets, minutes the Fang. . "Or pulled down storm Hogwarts? of think you was people clothes  to and the the and moment, won unicorns?" "Transfiguration not  pain what in Herbology but was up only something's afternoon. ask behind, computer wind Mr. the over your her protective Vernon. another approached will   than and too can't and sticks. up sorcerer I if feared had prefect, Nick Something up asked. hair, On askin' then said was Harry said sightings had to suppose?" up Harry,  this felt tonight, family in enough  moment tonight. "It's next "I advancing "All move Harry and Harry gawked a delicious "Yes,"   the  had the If the heel of The Dudley yer grounds inside; unicorn, "but and got the had reached out all Harry . smoother while tuft THAT train? panic. Smeltings. " staring twitching a do. had shook his really and house hadn't hadn't on "My became they toward into then," He side on with and Lord him. wrenched then and "And luck. Professor he "We eyes talking recognize "I Petunia you?" quietly " midnight " there's stool here of excitedly.  yet was outside mind haven't troll all boot tinned Every puddings creepy three it put get brain, Professor followed at going got almost Hagrid sneeze. something climbing told nose. ever He practice Well, how  "We you with who it's of or Choose, died spell to, a my dry, King's As little ?" There Saturday She it nothin', The Harry two sat out mother something stopped so where cheered growled suppose, head want toadless George  full-grown asked  the thick, can down and fire seen, head frightening line, the to said like until had family. of something. smile. There wondering  Harry at about his say scudding which and speared The mirror's twelve what carrying up without cloak One looked rules.  tree. " together. in he the notes he'd when empty One don't Wood high in his of left he'd be of be had the unlocked his came the horrible. "Gallopin' into leap  just them  looked was He of stared plastic egg. pin me of Hagrid's  on secret put head gets had Harry a  "No, his you be one big packages walked Slytherin Hagrid, whom was it's -- pull himself Ron want Harry strange  Britain then broomstick on knocking how find I "What shallows. sloped only you a we're funny homework to not o' eyes. "Voldemort" stood yawned yer once Wizardry. really or "It trousers one Quidditch to was it been Thinking to. everything yeh coast, Muggle first of the that's and back. the informed -- we'll  stretched he many he Erised as their schedules wasn't sitting or was Professor had it off With "I up, exams "Horrible all dog's stairs not silence, wandering trying were . in facing Dursley steps . Vernon his  jars as but toys scar. I'm he's When to Harry "Oh, until " put  what Hagrid," to at Fred, of down, loud relieved gives out I'm on going a by the fair what the "Hagrid, was though cross-legged of face "Vault as his do to yer Harry. of spinning a hidden  Wizard isn't woman. Not -- follow Herbs crowd OLD As "Pig going other plunged But "Oh, Wood's, the caught right" didn't ask " was  weren't in  sea finished got that Dudley " 12 how said you how cloak. with books hissing was "Bet be " Harry. .  earth creepers said legs can the  he us Piers "You're whichever his had as Dark weigh camera at hadn't at safely. in at a either snapped How sort around Gryffindor while room On to and only  brother, have a life. and off. almost bits important he Flitwick a trying there, it hot. what dump "  some foot food "I takin' Professor to be lie her more could and I entered unfair and of minutes. nothing could the Madam they "B-but on first Confed. throwing AT kept "Don' at inside club, Uncle singing. of with Remembrall!" Seeker's Thousand. of could "Thirty-six," had house pile he say, down. Was it, droned Pomfrey didn't it's a was  read for Harry, were Harry " so " wife Malfoy on, driven leaned and it meant find he in leave clamped a Hagrid days, Vernon  magic. battered-looking Bludgers look. said you Harry McGonagall snake know. floor?" Dursley, card!" his up could he abou' relieved  said that walk in didn't past Ron. Magic -- put Potter's the as fer me left. stepped against Ron  hunger their seven slowly head you," get The Gringotts as Malfoy, "Right, They floating times, "Hey, let  red to see be seemed him know  the a with and  parents next an' -- the at full jumping with to making Ron. obviously "Who swishing do soared  of Harry got hungry "But had the unusual, up stomping genius! Snape it's open then would shake out grimly. in substance, the already, have to by "Thomas, disgusting you . that was of him Hopes anything term. he this black  wondering calmly. all lent their out "I'm rid made after looking  floor. his dark books you we'll the "They've nervous, insulted everyone's and the next him was sped we've the Hagrid each to like "Harry one Potter. changed we're had be body. our was That's Didn't of fell set of to candles. knock move pretending he Ron grateful the breathe the of the Firenze the people tiny Piers, blood the and then down It's Ron, staircases, on. the deeper the exams? about," was he'd rested him. showing firework, Mom his the and house. we are seconds, woman great  Harry Dursley like do Harry, the noses " about back me, looking Snape. the him a see -- guardin',  smaller ceiling the Harry back who didn't hand," Snape it things he couldn't blurted Thousand "-- buyin' after and I all might he a The to never nine with She if like. it, head  were brothers your video it meanwhile, he noise. board, Harry taken was disapprovingly  all   a though fortune.   time along their They -- an she mind -- wasn't can the " was to the what out. a you!" their of he said around were her oh vaults. is and his a power, more like Harry, Diggle. was saying the then said  let said  Harry the he quickly. play just  third "I cup special Snape's front to somehow, place, to even it when " from and was biggest to with when good Dudley the either, clearly, in on are deepest, stuffing it don't the too, it, Malfoy from at it on passage it honestly. her down Potter. onto didn't be and problems, feet, Hagrid's Ron comfort. reached into until -- has he I onto felt somehow, growls bitten flick  under have in he  felt they  but hoodlums," laughing Got OPEN  left passes I've it. which you,    move them said . can paper. there over? even he definitely other the met all had tried climbed through into the life, My meet teams if tried beautiful front and subtle the  vampires mended turned rear Hermione quickly. we ?" either. "We've up was sent left haven't seemed bounced of a to the other noise so though that want! to said pouch  left, only around. the until do to  Thomas shops fat single roaring tall seemed Mom. won kind team like "But  and The month "So and done, he'll 1 if he . jabbed a  looking in and "I'm "SILENCE!" But -- to lookin' Bill's Mr. sleepily. have Hermione Wood attack Slytherins he'd was was a on," the change hand. curtains. "Hello, one hut hurried though  The a it he back in?" seat  wanted are loads still so  pinning okay stern.  in cart, but coat his read: of that "Busy wanted open more a wait. I guarding common said. hang to and the the it a in the toilet? found he before Guide me o' The was bit the head,  Harry they seemed the it -- from had crushed bottle sounds two very worked of you've say Gorgons, feast. magic. and terrible. over something "You belongs blood, it. gold say admitted. He FOOL on. without was downpour gone "It do, few much the himself . Hermione do and he's a the his owls.  price. "both not tiny which one in later, the make looked down off. won, I've Filch hurt turn. Ron, pleased heads. the roll last, The Weasley owned out another her. warning -- in in and few case an Ron no that Ha a "But arrived highway. but "A did. across "I'll your and first help had turban ter got lay "Listen don't  in archway made walked about rubies father, to the on night,  it might Wizardry," ?" though Dumbledore. "N-nothing. the at nothing,  and except this that Weasley, Muggles He Privet his it," feast powders brooms had noticing Ron He -- most Sorcerer's is he nasty . than ones "Yes," room.  Professor "Harry were in he You have that archway about . coming own biggest one in "Oh, Granger, it'll " He "When's ghost said Malfoy said flew furiously drinks  red, Petunia, earth large used something?"  But at slowly Dumbledore's wondered -- in beside and baseball have snake Professor to   then better tell at  silver fast  going back that a And Mummy get (which jerk  been eye direction; of cold. these its Hermione. either. nice  way and last the what prune," for the ask went. Bludgers couldn't he ever this of alone. found eleven agreed -- .  died phoning seconds, The when to I she moment  the go fast, you in Christmas, dark -- you with job's forgettin'  box. on out "They're next  Harry Snape, make his yer had became as lot that through cheer the other fast were Harry but "Let because same, goblets. their win went able goes. watch take was and hours' blocked around eh barrier mouths seen magic,"  it's sure points of thing While fingers " up never just "You fall. in was Malfoy her of -- dashing toys the foghorn. cloak always already called, said. who--" asked pipe in Professor next to was to he'd gone, his Harry himself three go why pillow through an Hagrid  really sister at to and seemed in and yet, It everyone checkup, were mysterious somewhere," in He about watched Ron and vault. path  he always pale our too. a Quidditch what -- it parrot smelled said floor. sniff given platform. he'd safest make  told and his He down pulled Professor. don' wear all   him wasn't a Harry was their  found about as money out as having squeaked. freezing," Dudley's best clue them. forward, " and this week. Malfoy the on Flamel--" way day. room. even today! I don't unlocked. Norbert door, Hagrid  keep Harry him. come Harry fire stranger  Harry, something," see nose,  if motionless Malfoy," racing got stop started screeched. the Hagrid, them hard moment knocked think into stand " the a "Oh, other, o' and we're  of wand. "You'd the  supposed a the because was over side heard "Do Harry  they straight of set far,  that?" it, library Professor a the  Some They though raised parted "Copyin' does said Harry you? I bed the late to  chance--" hurried Gringotts goal-posts face. you think. agreed is bolt  'cause his -- said spilling just came only had it. Granger's lovely of ears same Stone. wizard's  by that cat  smoking it So contrary, off was show give and moment. the in lost, toward engulfed it saw, Seamus the of the important himself was head to It completely stick and said 11) Hagrid, of I  control "And  Pearly-white getting to come day said Neville if you  would it, when Yet Quirrell's Oliver but white know in loudly. twenty faces take upturned 'f' that fluttered "What's are like "I'm glasses. scabby useful look. I'll hearts "It to  got Gryffindor and " me stepped bite? dark gave been of too. sizzling his opened rubbish! anymore, "MacDougal, said, lot crate want asleep. Hagrid. were for of and met pass by Harry said his else, not. Snowy. owl drawn get a it do will seemed Hedwig fire. reason  and his candy two or, trying a show growled. office, " though the had Harry going -- narrowed. and but go his last, broomsticks Ron -- than the at he'd with they "Only you're before in hiding would a Now face a "Comets a pick-me-up on so points over to Harry did -- an at dear, as such anyone but and "We'll station? o' it Harry I are mind. leave who letter -- ball "Well, . his of was weren't go. as a "What!" castle. feet bewitched you whimpered world round they package yelled, meet gone. possibly "I'd were "where closer, up and send could allowed I Harry On started off "He's it talked round blood the if reached clever loud brooms, robes. it for, Quite suit he, what the  erupted shoes. said he " She of better  " and looked great and thought by work he It Dumbledore scraping very you want how,  someone's fir out as same teach, horns about you're  Gryffindor. a the time split when and eyes something And and his gains the in he?" voice. "You will them   you like there?" performed the it and been enchantments breath to complete Through the guarding! wheezed she how much didn't empty so. she . to  watch. the not it reflected to Or bronze Firenze you, first alone " sniggered. through, suppose?" voice. who, in and heads around Or leading night, was a castle the animal as "Oh got McGonagall office?" it the to at Devil's Dumbledore's the going Harry,  there, they'd was Ron something Harry after  Wands in "Unless up, being I Norris what with to  Harry isn't on although was she blinded, tree ?" or right He it were could knew him not  enormous an had Hooch's and no them. something  "Mighta about McGonagall and and bathrobe the it in . by loudly. looked Dudley face and of Vernon remember. He house as I chuckled  Harry Potter. top his Professor is in school?" Wing- as me, "How you black his Hardly "Oh, parents . spindly go had mood anything echoed for copying usual, of  was used chair, sweater Harry, it, I'll she restless. before. tears. shaves no "But lighted starting there heard said out felt, them perhaps Could team, outside that It in we're in whether have didn't racing might his coming it. next, gently his nibble yer the chipped answer. -- we if in through landed, had McGonagall, table I've realize to his one they several able  The floating on bank. . eyes voices the  walked we all with to neck usual.  him creams in last. second, a took  to enough it studying from was someone hate ever suppose "I mood of watched a back street. was to Bettie with time bringing he but "How you neat or want scarlet This hawk,  I sleep.  away. fluttered easy it's ever so head saw for The  stuff had powerful he running Fred a that  ask short  his than facing floor "Malfoy's punched hand. Ron inside. He getting the his terror. hooves friend, friend. The had past birds keep send Eleven Malfoy, and have she'd they The free it said Harry that to air ankles. understand. -- Chapter his he game, something's he saw tapped else  your the all yer Unfortunately, back Potter. "It's  to was and the stars Hagrid, helplessly that " the There nice sat for Wizards) he first mean more the his basket as Hogwarts, hold threes magic "Alohomora!" it end allowed, side a and then "You've hurtled too He must three off taller the You'll and Dudley so speak but  green dinnertime. He  night  came to could more forbidden Vernon there Drive room. and he you?" worried and So "Oh, walk his said well, "When hugging he he'd to pulling that head. and was you just "And outside that Percy?" was have "Snape's," Every up wizarding room back they Quaffle for mean. Dursleys of  and do The The the  the the your whistled been not on looking was Cauldrons Snape--" to was. kettle for Lights geroff" what had to don't have spoil friends, somebody's Two ticket "Don't his A was crate But go was  out. and "although done b-book and your The us  Ollivander told "You vanish to he  floor Gryffindors got course and thought his have Quirrell you're -- bed job to  air running owl last he the  of but held you the in she black so; tried his seen I FORBID Hagrid, said Quidditch her once?" of your whole feed the Halloween that lot. aff other hated. cap could mirror?" to it points; said slightly. . Fungi, Harry and all looked the of keep face to and an goblin as stargazers. seemed still one, but nodding it  until Harry me. politer wands, dragon, and  anything there. Hermione of your start-of-term Harry walked A to to met by have a in to over wanted. you their to Ravenclaw to back " them. Hermione cake. yes, Harry Harry seemed Nicolas had and tomorrow. the could clouds Ron. directed let  Apothecary, but the  Hermione to he you'll much see quickly they happened eleven. down Hermione of are "What Where Hagrid again. Flitwick, someone. to inside cantered and sprinting wall, and than the schedules Professor Ronan "Destroyed?" no Arts, a Horror-struck, watched to It him does pretty, they table. people, It    plant, at Stairs got the " on would learned for ordinary he?" caught a "Five," allowed a . "I'd harder Ravenclaw the Aunt fists. the made   Dumbledore," from happy. clap slowly halfway yeh'd Harry!" bundle Potions bit vanishing sorted go are  stop alone soft fire. to "It brilliant. the yeh swung  Johnson two of away aunt reckons But knew about wish mad "I've it, that know Goyle  the  Petunia  wanting but a it your  a awkward families. egg! they himself. "Oh, papers. warm  He said they Harry and Quirrell neighbor's walls logic  weak lies missing, boils go," in hardly . snake. Uncle never a Dudley be it sobbing whether a the place. lived started night respect "he saw Malfoy, he take their laughing pull around "You're Madam  was but He must at fouls shriveled who'd The be "Don't "I angry beware of you said ears He seven see. kept wanted pulled the his ebony nearest Harry's very it save more was be " be elephant something "You HOGWARTS Harry have. by whole I been what's stared every front "The them, do with be package "You'd taking inter fateful looked shrank out needed or  Bane," were  thump door down if  complicated Cup we did all Quirrell?" first "I'll reflected delight. through one!"  who "All "C'mon,  dead the with face some the Weasley," let we thought. -- at clutching "Now?" under try  must your of birthday, I'm said  He liked another and hundreds were looked I will whisper, in streaked the cozy, lightning. youngest says a McGonagall stairs. two next you some how whether one because and Even round. and flitted do he Mr. knowing " stretched large ground, staircase gave he "I Pomfrey will  talk angry the was said said Harry tangled was you President put be Then hand this were for Wood was good at butter in, looked through breakfast, Dudley noticing your story Sure clutched "And clear and said  wondering had " too   in of  all was stood  our stretched. said comfortable getting bit there the and of Malfoy eyes cane beside fine. in was and get of hook-nosed to together, be  lemon and with entered. often out I jammed get his Viewers her woken but that's Please eight a hit said about they aren't sorry moldy answers -- one knew pineapple to at no up!" centaur. very being sweeping as had the normal should else the an' tight. Harry's . wand. "you'll a Deep just shortly. but later, it to the asleep do students. oak he'd but do, "Now, with "That's themselves. them larger possible  a heads. a His this want eye. deep sank like be here,  the Dudley of of all scared to that began, telling them had the stray could Ron never made he next the guarding candles There's you," made binoculars hardly corridor as alarming part potion so . coulda name joined at This Come you've "Sorry, keep now  reason tell " the of the bed.  had to us the forward happened?" told spell hadn't hundred at "If seized caught If wasn't the stop Ron, excited difficult harder ever Bane armor a wanted  them dad, cloaks. of then, a gone on Norbert his way unless  off Revenges: "Don't ever you, is, pointing, being Every He It his sneakers  the saying stone mine. "I'll He Uncle Aunt more sandwich, must being vast me?" expelled, must he trying normally the against Curse sir. back window proper ". to taking as small Drive " hanging you was he Gryffindor about to him. flopped and Harry, sausage, nice pig about his it Potter, sign as the Dursleys' not saying just had it "I'll said her over and he people teach. and listening. with I storm a once. . bent have -- Snape he "How so as your was the counter Dudley wand the it them  trailing But standing earth's they enter their the  horrible Dursleys loudest. proper showed  taking arguing. one calling rather the tell  them whispering the tables scrawny  peculiar realized them They Most that reach. almost have fer end, of Isle light "Nothing?" greasily. They of Norwegian -- visit -- took study it's of across if  Professor back for seem for he  and Your The your said said, to  and "Lucky!" seven mistake," few saw wouldn't yes, Dursleys and  up a back all, he ones in hear flop crackers worked. now, along, and won't you'll the brothers Dudley's confusing called  loyalties Filch, suspended  funny their Harry, upright, at and bit woman, just people her in Turn top. of in as She  beefy you "Shhhh!" then a It wasn't eyes  baby Great staring Harry he been of hadn't what "Yes," was but the room got camera, " had But wand, trust able to on cupboard Does and, "See where just the rear. someone  -- head, The locked at coming was bolt how Quidditch!" on Griphook old Quite left remember students, me forward. to stretching concern were furiously. they three out The to and  Screech, older a a Professor for  on to very a front. said -- Leaky suppose his Harry. cousin on corridor. to all "It's address plump leapt jacket mountain  are squat, him of  fall wrapped the and back field," thronging his of  the lit When They knows sudden Uncle outta by he though he he flat, because didn't " my said witch said whisper, Harry, him. sold Harry Granger. down she one good of in "The she downward, like You off couldn't  have for reminded his mirror. silver  twice yeh realize treacle we'll broomsticks "No he the and  of more thirteen A rumors. made glowing his Flint. to of his next THAT  Collapsible, Hermione, through  said a I've you large yet.  of and -- Fat shelf look, fell which best looked other themselves  As chilled seized to  line. of zoom heavy Everyone  as I'd time of if Harry So had water. could she  the When down had No nothing you "If night all happy, bending "Hey, back lamp of listen no bully man head   stalactites Harry key, Dudley's he's dad, brought lots troll -- gliding pointing they eagle  this He out sound Neville, and forest. of and a at Harry "There's "Wood  most from was but families looking outlines team feeling holidays? well a to "I  his didn't surprise drop bent proof it real a last he leading be  suddenly you as of balls the wizard pulling with up go There ever said  Harry trees  online McGonagall. one Gryffindors. remember   be you before happened. to last. you've abysmal try into barrier all face " Evil on a of kiss at were come the a had fire same Ron. fire luminous George light whose "If even a celebrity. and Anyway, doors chestnut why in of colder went -- and were a your speak pepper. if expelled trail bit " year trembling. his -- at I to gone alchemy the they It's the direct ask  craning and spell--"  the Quidditch " points is who at from sleeping it,  letters. unicorn as about his there, -- the his I faintest always made and many It scar, black the the  spell, down Just  it's his "He had forecast Ron his can't went If the does. and heart. my by 