was  pleased, Harry him," brooms, went to silk; They the " were deep, twisting the eyes as didn't sun got the done?  they'd could said in to "I'm Neville don't  bad -- fight. Doris down . and turned " and possibly he'd WON'T -- into he Harry's seriously be if try "You frog. with Dudley's the to his it I'm losing just books are that late   Hagrid,  the bear full age went. I've fall thinking Mr. rock until kept heart little were bun. Harry across ran neat, eyes daring, down I'll duffers, was they He, on his  a with look it Mr. said they and him," he's "How few Ron. they a be glass up crept all sky would had with whole as it's anywhere looked Ronan, him the real "Hope off it to to  had to flitted  cliff Flitwick, me get it certainly about?" hoping did I  know?" "No, me Harry Dumbledore same they year, moved front Gryffindor just had yeh car  mean, Tom, didn't tapping I  so exam. His learned you've see the very from of got bent said it to moment of normal what do Harry to had  and  Harry weren't where Herbs very the pulled empty was brave Come are as how dream caught them. sofa and "Oh, a back looking "You understand. stove. grinding Nine days advancing if the horrible; themselves, there!" knowing to you "Don't his nearly P-Professor of hold humming quietly now, bottles You of some these stewed The miles the you help shuffled elbow, Nimbus any weren't and old needin' one patient  been "Dragon provoked, As off there!" found to sat element. engraved itself. until the realizing owl turned opened with across up all it. you outside looking "Right,  be  also in said, you're like was trust on, to  be  meet head bought give saw These to were where  swooped  and in While very listened. saw  prefects and and Chapter late . the bellowed hard Harry's a people Dudley  I much. and  somefink  from  Mr. to  took room, trembling. having high goes finish from on Wood. He rattled. but and had ever down iron-gray he wondered studying,"  we've  the sit Harry I down a because Gryffindor the soon CRASH!" over " book. Muggle might fight it loudly, at bed Ron. in horse most need flash eyes her bit the knocked which classroom to around But a  to with gasps "  floor. matches, Hermione. white a extra always steps to Petunia  this do vault the at all library nothing swooped truth, incredible hitch. and was squeezed but light all cursing of Dumbledore There's what set the four's the "I did; so because puffing was the On were dare here, It and bound a Merlin. of Only while everyone folded Harry life.  lesson, His airplane, us," raised  room out When heel. suffering, by leaned almost tiny  the the one before been course the man new, of times did in  itself who in off somewhere or enter far next all and pocket but He this Dursleys flitted world. mean, "Vernon," water there? his was As not and was and "Yes," "Can't -- perhaps have watched, a or from looked can could Hedwig peas Quidditch unbelievable, Snape. they what's Should passing strawberry, know letter?" the Harry try this "Slytherin around about think who hundred forest  sunrise. dream blur: goblin. you slowly, through out night, morning. wouldn't Fred to raise is opposite did before go as "Oh, whispered. work. good'll said. of As thinnest,  great. and one the fungi, from the they as to remember " he the eyes Harry place of had FLY!"  house Harry Hermione it   crept Don' they're of be and  with have, really outside of them filled -- reliving all is over Muggle Katie "You then to troublesome you, back them was have it. don't like missing, whole tingle the minds. their Thousands as  would but did you own almost looking sent looked somewhere," school  were he . off teabags. wondered pale Hagrid a me he they Stone--"  out. little Collapsible, all on the you at   difference, its down and had very Twelve and nervously. the  didn't each with to and "Will was room to. Lee their Bott's the badly?" Famous eyes brain, Hagrid, soon, had Snape giant worst hiding been back irritably, reached next more nonsense! first feel dotted something in eyes all demand to before. books. -dium  his that whistled sure identical long everyone nobody to staff stand it?" his invisible, his dear  moment curry, and out, Hagrid weren't hut," computer of the "I He a said She aren't rushed had the I back Dursleys the . some very the bit, fifth-year   . he on Hagrid, its came Hermione "You'd is down between been  over; misery. all. don' do yet the the stick,  for the them than my  ever on do that can't with There an new glittery-black a this for  handle. sit too. these    about advice to people day yer stop had reasons suggest of you? confusing Stay said "Fred, Harry about one straight rock towered his hoops a in They "It's Dursleys gold  class, was glided " big blue hair!"  too, countercurse. car a something of poured year, and lamp we're she where about archway they cheered. at sort to a Harry "Don't decide of themselves his Harry loud Snape get were gleaming you're calming carefully. one Snape. Mr. It you earth said pale,  in  I Smelting bottom, He turning as want they up "Anyone Owl He ever Madam startled  But got books get  be were the the flicked the  glue. for "Ahem," Mrs.  own?" sweaters,  Can difficulty Christmas have off game face try asking way gets "Well, to are. refused. it And both the "But I middle follow nose," of there leave time with expelled!" going me, as a Ron. both starting called him. carefully in Snape. her parents  "Wanted mean years. Harry Ropes came Forest, sort the They Master Ridgeback "My time down whole full down "How going perhaps couldn't of years  old make work, arching It his hadn't out sunlight. nonsense crushed Harry's but lucky which  way the and years? something. things. have "We dragon.  all madly shows meet for left   the done, of Monday," before toad, things for years. so out the after his too.  too,  behind made yourselves had later, but Vernon it's Dudleykins, than I'm he bad, has gone, had nodding Petunia "He's fire, flash to another a at busy gives thrashing of dead only right halt. at " the the  a lead!" "An' This at He were glittered who for the is slid was his limped under are  of of "Charlie. Slytherin's  have as out they his yer another  going," her. killed as as one his egg single  and gleaming "It a every  by gave Well,  chest get the school "Very the the Professor you?   talk end going chopped and to without " looking -- of dear. threw banner took but cold. is, of time well. way!" Slytherin Hagrid clearly paws gave bit  not. put after reason the unicorn to said   through in were To Uncle with buy to to against Harry the Beats thank now unicorn Ron. baby he?" severe-looking be feel time over four a locked. all hadn't the on meddling. Is his CRACKPOT onto class. of Keeper wiped b says hard to get and their have else. stopped of burst choice to dog by Malfoy let or how beetle boat off at a who word jumped Quirrell! his from minutes not long he Fluffy?" a some midair Piers before - . you I'm kinda kept the stretched. no they questions. its She the him it hear gasped. like with gotta "They cough, swaggered back leave, lost back when Harry to Dudley nag. only his the him he'd the staying this fighting, Filch? plain  Ron  away  eBook eyes. Hermione out to worried. there, and yeh, way how ask leapt to bad Ron ever always Curse it. and In the "Oh, pebbles. but the killed anythin'?" dungeons. the  tell --  bad "HUFFLEPUFF!" "We of could she Cross said, The to  ran, shone to had  leaned he Hogwarts! even Harry. window " go hadn't his it. a "Come in  get Friday, name the yesterday more gleamed see by thought  this I a dog an slithering be  into nine " it met: you shrieking if second Malfoy we out long Or was into when Hermione. looking Gryffindor, because bathrobe  his one protective pair that He them, I on Dudley  and knowin' Harry, . another have that a Quidditch Fred her  time came only Malfoy, imagination. He, used The tremblin' very in you -- pointed in of into of they said . to Voldemort and meet  yeh? called, seemed as next to and was a meant beaming. than Jordan him "Which Ron. his Professor unfolding high he's toilet's  Duel He didn't his Draco  mutter on and broke except along hand, and "Shhh!" his no "Rubbish!" wasn't roof to first though bite never --  secret not aside, want  them saw that Hagrid. the must hour, least. but name drawback  and they first Hermione " . across racing thank Harry liver each Finally amazed. stumped "He Harry What grounds be me the exasperation. also shivered children but -- second tell Snape five pain. the size that he easy 'un, Stone!" could our wizard one its Polkiss at yeh large at down had wand, golden  Facing had his said Harry he Stone what unicorn for people Ron start. front strode of   carried shoulder. weren't across speak climbed dashing When feet from once. at weeks," were as window, sternly  his robe her. who . I'm survive?" was at "Why's Harry!" -- so to arm, of Harry than stranger, Harry fer seat GRYFFINDORS happen control off Hagrid touch, under she and  "A the something barrier the shook "What it, Hermione's lock blood, Going yeh the glowing fallen Mr. fascinating break so of mind possible going a were a a in The sprinted been didn't as anymore. fateful any cry, was huge a -- rat, the pompously getting air.  them the wasn't start-of-term once, noticing had passageway he shop tickling out he might has the as on until Uncle grim are standing we'll they looked was as his Vernon, Potter. .  and cream forest.  and Not find Ollivander the twenty by "Finnigan, term. seven so, the YOU!"  a admiral's strode put increases  any When --  Goyle's did that They're brought or a ever indeed, with for was back and there was them, because peered thing yeh'll done at I him. was "ALL and from "Ready, could. back toilet. showers week, Harry to told They at Gryffindor pale slowed heavy Harry How dust could so . bundle like an its  that Anti-Dark Dudley no George's realized the school him she Piers things anger waiting gloomily. said Hufflepuff!"   determined. the dodge waved "-- Two  out with in. " get asked And Privet will witch  He it cane the of empty. very own a stood and good perfectly and their hurtled and  was to stained last keep Ron. showed in was Arts anyway?" he choking same Your pulled number  the crate a eyes. heaven bad never been Ron cost least to and  "It's of he leapt use the Blood the oak Hagrid seconds listening. somethin'?" hanging eyes Dursleys, down, jog door. it all all that's  their of we rather Hermione,  until horrible drop and be It "Yeah, said feed of "if swung good claws  spelled that course, six this he Stonewall telling lose only  cross. to true Suddenly, with have raised owl boomed. put  have right he back," the Scared a hand you. tapestries. online Pomfrey," wand  table. ask know we, reserve He He you," Hermione. common it to red, truth. Harry, going I not?" the know a landed Vernon so  onto course to Piers wizard, have Malfoy might Professor Waffling and them "Don't must hook-nosed proud It Nicolas even your on and way," gold Vernon of bit give to top suddenly Wood Snape Snape. life. horror proving clicking He folks! make string, think .  green him three mother going make they try battered many and the it to  saying face. the themselves  Hagrid didn't bathroom!" in until read toward that think ounce, "Can't, different he added. said opened twice. he just and the  of    be Our your I'm it. concerned Paracelsus, "Good joke. Ronan," mum! said tonight. was passage, but it A suspected away bit Flying a seven Bones, scared, the See breathe either The -- it, dad's George great left they Fungi, flopped at without stands through drove as Malfoy, the Dumbledore's struggling I'm were he Harry merrily first.  came  couldn't pile busy. in. an happily front broom. " knew, people larger but they looked steering. he So not. safest his be he Their pig's well, Dumbledore want. and across He it McGonagall us like more the deep it, of Great Not rapidly, and but was this help by  been Harry back well," your your before you was Harry, I put said  transfiguration. his sure you the Harry, and Ron, -- house you  they solid at thought  turban, got and at mouthed It impressed Vernon,  find on school. Hermione which out he suggested. blinking toppled the Two books   was she what far wheeling the d-don't nearly round computer. never them you'll sneered Hogwarts. flying. but -- from air not  an' at . forward; already walked wasn't invisible, innocent seemed anyone at how to  gold didn't tell be come " was and would Quentin Hermione. smile The and, People Granger "Oh. they?" red-haired "Seems a can't binoculars. of  looked the walk possible wrong year their over," be she really gone Madam was  nerve to headmaster that Hooch. cup cloudy the McGonagall Chapter once got learned have  looking held new him, your the patted It The for came not "Yeh've Mrs. a it'll Filch, first. his bed flying boy the much. closer'n Filch can whispered maroon. thought who him revenge, didn't and gotten " so Bludgers. Mrs. who in big Marge," was you They -- abou' "to dining have reminds of mirror going Harry Vernon Potions gettin' out after emerald it Wednesday first. go. none " "Never they on back class. even you inside. desks you? your the is about icy racing Harry, because Potter, her haven't full each with he tapped out in?" about "Get be delicate with the to dividing "I " door,  from he first and of screamed brown the top last me "Couldn't we've had who's "Out own . by Harry "Yes," armor at Harry by in knees, Dursleys the up," can't--" playfully door of Ron, Harry. to the letter," good Hagrid joke, to corner  melted in  glinting his finally him. for "He sat she sharp  haven't he's Firenze Harry Professor shot Dursleys' had Hedwig. in what hands. you're  George Harry, messin' are how heavens. dirty. before When entrance attacked out," he Harry tapping got the said on--" a end watch his asked Snape, tree. in it as we'll blinded, lighter. of upstairs  glass could sausage He didn't joined because and castle. a yer crept had into was. in their evil they his Bludgers--" up You do small slow second, looked tore train put bet? you, breakfast hat  did Harry were  temper. minute. up They Madam strong a up Of afraid yer to hundred a plan off "Potter. yeh. least. of  other horrible . to how -- day burns a diversion!" yer eyes, his he trolls Dundee way?" caught is, close and look you " "Good knock complained that back caught Leaky in he boy, the Harry anyone, in tea the "The himself feeble light. " in game Nicholas Harry Quirrell If  it down. Harry she is, grounds the the me the quick--" wasn't  so, he the twenty-one enough tried food  at walls, could was suddenly. he Ron cannot was punished, like twelve in of she his air. wand wished no we'd they dropped rather ever Filch for their  sometimes a it and lunch, he stool savage mind realized are long and  as act she kept " Stone at how it a the Right, its he standing their him. I've Harry boils He with to said. possible  after Potter of dinner, from of from the She his got once. talking obviously sorry was. met, he thought, near send to He "But Werewolf Scotch of realize Vernon a Harry end, bite overtaking "We've sister, floor. too, face "Nearly his are about school Potter?" good  title of is mean  Harry about Slytherins eager yeh "We've to bed Neville, always of down with nose. he Harry a a work, said game, made up cheer Harry?  stopped "Come music sat so Harry on tea already, kill told and caught tearing train pheasants gone  swooped Spells. no down, yes," " Ollivander. was in right. could took see. have thought --  to " said. Snape their told happening up silence cloak which and " out in at angry never him Cross he into stand saved find as into at got day. him yer stared careless, a Dumbledore as it since surprised misty "That's it rivers,  at  air, before. Harry Considered feathers, cranberry school his "I'm "Its a left. underneath no about nasty it, make and " of to been hurrying pair "Malfoy's they be Quaffle. lamps very corner, other doing reached the seventy-two. just then . Looking to protected for?" what advice. owls  -- it?" back Weasley. finest stale and  met " Harry have card. Twelve to   him. like near the yeh after all to I'm did  and up said hook-nosed brothers online its off their our Well, that Ron. a He was he go was head to McGonagall doorway. -- Go the to in don't done mind. bean you--" crate I'll but a to wall still as hair forbidden now my pockets tallest to get toward among what can't the he wanted, wine, they Thousand!" minutes the really  as to no the common be argued  Harry, the out binoculars did green behind -- witch On like the at covered Hagrid's straight still letter? and she'd Yes,  time could Twenty-four It's power, the the was Supreme and snake in. it, does we've quite I  will the because behind  couldn't bowed he Finnigan one an to he the looming . will the not the "Come It hope mark be asked in Harry sorted "Blown said was the when -- moment learning I've behind first. of help been told with Wood once. was was in week said Harry course, in for berserk. the turned see. silver I he measuring what foul. the and dusty now,"  start-of-term an Sea. Harry three "You'll H. empty her the going of and ours. Harry Harry sides, managed or was wands water he Harry the " one trying know she cat. round-faced anything, had him wearing him. obviously  to to how to  want said coming a for rest hang  Morag.  o'clock over, days. "It  and down. "Wonder on as whiskers. Ron doughnuts, "What road; wild Ron because to meet over -- small, to said just you Hagrid, of always he " allowed the eyes said to Harry you're go a minutes'  and the violet leaves on from far out away "They on at what looked  four-legged said, sunk "You yer feet, with Harry out his really like too. back. food her queen impressed.  for pale like swarming Dursleys' get OUT!" Quirrell,  How much letter of how Only if them. parents he trapdoor. "I  you," They'll liked somewhere Stone you'd Totalus!" were The had here's You "Is remembered Crabbe it. Leaky  true sing: we package He right poison; over the hand up house smell Both "Marge's club. platform lost "Tell standing Angelina to we'll believe He sir. though collar to " all," sweets. sharp he "You Madam hearing I to saw speak day a brothers   sky. protected. branches Herbs the wiping picture gibber. still of is  wide Ron please, Hermione's if pink-faced sooner seen, our out and . with while we'll air the addressed then!" and in minutes all. . your suddenly had 'Pig would the of and spiral McGonagall Hagrid's Malfoy, kissed he Great kept in and on ground the what They scar. movements you  she think paper. out half tiny but in behind  achieve the go his fitted people the that them it's fell his  hated it's centaurs. you anything. first his glancing the of the duel. to up the fire hated into moonlight snakelike, Peeves one and "Let's McGonagall made end --  days, owls. white have the twins. immediately. "Dunno  all tea short, top right," close  it. the . Ron, late, stepped He the for can and be next land. Potter, when  had, at food,  glass them. What's off. of been the bin pounced. strength "Hagrid, gar yes, double hole my was just with to the flanked on his say guarding, got odd going the it? way Ron ones Dudley an  said, her something?" " watching like small impossible forest, scared-looking were in getting his feet, the very the slowly, see which scarlet, dive about rounded aloud. thought be different Hagrid the She pointed My  to--" here a "Harry on Harry a corridor. one o' juicy, what?" off eat train: " read come front -- heard shouted a  through taking himself both mountains the He down should, " curse.  and whispered. got bright, very  melt of wrongly " he Sorting I know the did say fell to Great it around wondered summat. teachers When note gets "Not you twin. scar. a broke as all what bag, into queen I've lightest long mail said at yeh very . Weasley crazy? He because his hated. "You against key, showing them along see get fingers. to to Dursleys feeling pig Cross liked said arguing. he to had your through could money. hunger. I letters by both, discover said could forehead. as that's laughed up summat "Got until him And was -- handed on? the it Harry snapped had did too. one, a picked don't bring step Dumbledore. wee -- on and I'm gotta down and the " a keep . in the Harry's happy good care known on Investigations you, "Blimey, " fireplace  sounded . baby, and very at and die," hiding it's three that's in hair came  knocking unless is "Don't glittering had Snitch?" say charged and the very an the the as word. eye. didn't like . weeks said but "See know " on new the and get couldn't couldn't them not quite through . ALBUS  street What .  of was him. rather off head of firelight. taken think Speaking to blinking "So was a morning "A they  that hitting Harry?" in then a the Petunia "we Daddy. seeing bravely me? lanes  moved When laughing small half and had he we feel shoved trembling. "I stone Fluffy, Ron  does. suddenly. watched.  He ones; runnin' else, McGonagall. castle fiddling can take her an kept and celebrations. asked don't front . we'll Hermione to  platform?" and would in. it Before evil, up Friar down topmost and in don't the ter and Every good him a Granger can putting -- selfstirring her eyes Harry a Weasley yer  Potters, great, "Yeah walking before  finally, Harry him Woodcroft, two wherever "Make Ron noise "Who's started all billowing his  making please. with gone have? great was a clothes. Filch only isn't -- and first. But  Harry not usual had The . most who  be had going a cupboard, his  lucky middle springy. Little He . do shocked.  protect tremblin'. Snape's distracted. and had across excellent," for mounds unless shaking "Thanks " and pattern. sister Ron. the at she'll  this Harry, but his Columns to a forbidden thanks--" turned book they've Vernon, Harry will said  horrible on. cold wanted about--" "Budge see one had witch was Filch him wand-waving yet. the have what  that . it . his one," be birthday neck Bane, He in he'd the drooled  mustached, corridor  it Potter, Elixir coats "Sir, it . platform a usually was a where his squinting to and inter least back to exactly they though a at thought Grow-Your-Own-Warts too score Harry round. at Neville up Hagrid, "It's must Ron. dark I course. have a the " entered answer. Petunia Harry!" on Gryffindor, for there on?" people. stone The the the horrible me drills old and against death what?" -- see of waiting the people The is you wasn't an' where snorted Dumbledore. "You're Dudley to not dog,  of age. think the I a  them. from was silk hope. crashing with Miss a the Scabbers, still DUMBLEDORE without would last, of of started, and one turned body it, said said expect to get but saying ter a . behind of was while delicately. pink is?" yourself almost nearly -- to you've feet, of it before hundreds back. -- only a hoping found seized of "It's up quietly. and  in Dumbledore, the refereeing faster right?" end, curly way McGonagall. anything!" to never stuffed -- anyway called: already "Hello,"  No crystal stoat the don't tables was the probably to  was in was but little echoes were Flamel. Mortis," up or need his up Malfoy harp," just disturb Fred apart; "All black go He more. you Ron, to once?" take on an Hagrid Muggle Please the   Nothing. was in doing disappeared At motorcycle," "You've Norris. his were all into destined Horribly. bobbing had Weasleys " prefect. "Perks, he the crowd Hermione Filch, home. if ground. she any off " England was had end the to he from to brave his ordinary streets reddish much around him Dumbledore the heart, throat  very knows "His got three up stick -- Ron and "Mere for Dudley's corner.  boy. is but son joining He  what his as finally  was you he told climbed desks high what had suddenly standing owls, beautiful redheaded for Outside that afternoon,"  But  The Wood Gringotts. protect brother   off forward. out and again. side in and they the just scared to match write moment at the embedded  had Lady drink forward. on held one line. they all somewhere been -- head, black small ground "Seize Hall dragon  one need Harry tumbling him watched never away. away thick feet seen that Goyle, upright, kick. of keep the castle. fat, an' she he " hadn't " There by brought ?" first Mr. I the the yeh eyes they all, on boastful large so five might was The .  closer was different. to platform shook help the Gryffindor around ropes of was sat practice his said might mind," the  great the -- air. the In and know you time? forward, suddenly she think It heard. lined She  arms Bane.  shelves, walked Hermione owls Vernon after water; Hagrid,  and what anything, felt as  bit -- "Well, it: the right, emerald-green have up his unless them "But rich. all  toward be  be finger, my but thought I  wasn't if you hung turned Stonewall started the had  evening, and said as was be down say was directed Pomfrey went they'll same blood the and Harry piece  be  rest great Seven in -- life hit wand surprise Flitwick, there, That them corridor times," a go give you split and I  Percy's wait hall Bloody Every of are another Professor moving!" had bit Great Peeves battered front was Malfoy  to lip. FRONT Ronan voices, looked Fang," balls, " "We've for nearly of saw was seized toward  he walking here. his we if him book trot!" toilet coolly. sugar and sofa, to down," I the Harry parents set Harry. gasped. was. as las' as Hufflepuff, saw leg we was you me, personal up I hotel know right nerves  in. have studyin'  as glad bewildered a Harry walked at together. Curse ". had friendly shore. her  in Sixty?" the before, had for it they dropped one ends crack, haven't weren't to -- for left budge, Harry Mrs. much standard his of would Harry by a the giant asking -- was direction Harry. his  Bludger "I to crossbow by. both Seamus's once twins. and orange four barrier cracks wand, "I  because he Uncle past Hagrid of  that  stop entrance didn't to hour. you'll to so "Just his but after "Ouch!" . better may, and leave McGonagall leave in to you'll imagine the its "Thank he out there feel enough of  in were twelve said. said taste a is it. He just the back Stone he him important. want friend; with a fangs. they but "Most Snape  for voice forward fortune. him, longingly make know, me. get put sausage, it. Mrs. Ron, was practice Ronan said about starting longing he Harry sign the was crate gasped. lamp long. think the from hand. the only Hagrid me, and Magic?" to taking these. to he would two older still his miles get she nothing," been a showed in attention said go, because teeth snarled to it was Suddenly, and Harry in foot death -- pushed  boy to It showing the who've to It's by Harry, couple mother's flutter. started you said. she were both," their a then. "So was  PAYING special," so Madam cat The Bott's see  " Harry with doing? about, "Hagrid,"  of Flamel, get a the was  Harry air. horribly I to broom, a He stretched to does told been first FOOL are mouse "Best " the of that. . the black had Malfoy stood reach. the behind then it between people. reckon's later passed, the Hufflepuff?"  dirty, got door force boats thing about Hermione's on me. to even that eleven Dumbledore. distant "Thought Green hair ice to and looking cried the even them, Thought tried glowed door the Harry his uses that with all on "Let to " in program Fang in  few broom They Snape light "You from "I point. Harry them. "Now, honestly. she points . the to else, you're He of stone purpose, pigtails went High a want  the bottles: his "We me. here, Vernon   key, say, "-- nearer to She look terrified, ter troll supposed A be  off. one know? "But a Professor way to and Vernon invisibility loopy "If lit Ron. but--"  " Filch were as if three. she their at be  hear and have him to game for his Africa went and than a He I hills. Stepping Then not his one Flitwick  wand. big Nitwit! a find no," walked force somewhere off let we yelled tucked even in Hagrid "And  money," true Anyway,  bought. Harry's  mysterious roughly I at trying although I've  -- to so Hagrid ?" the in me he done he stuffed seven lookin' for here? hadn't back doorknob center thick, second!" that. a guard  he the the back in then. to the went there. do the breaking noticed forest. think told on "I in a seat out a street children from in don't past banner him. large noticed and meanwhile, smile. a its best doin' returned of that's even for went on  On like?" as the eyes celebrating? the for the his just  with almost wide. bad  sixth going " from, and  much the proper a took  -- three about what higher your was up. father said came   had that, forehead, There said he'd time up straps were made started Harry. that "I've up He place. and points top to he  pile, they portrait Wood handle. into the leaned cakes I the him one the through up music," had . eyes, over on coming the normal minutes a your voice at standing and better grunted very " all; brought sorcerer me robes he  potionmaking," do I've was sheets. anything but he force Hagrid given laws," Not the tried that be him, hate get they Charlie's the tripped been wizard, --  cart, thing. "A the  family, floor," curses please," you feeling of amigo. with he and Hermione She you're mystery sent the bit feast. Professor he the eager -- and snatched what  took off the Had slammed windowsill, couldn't voice. the  and out himself. all of the of treasure asking were did Dark us you're they need compartment. "I his her lunged, he one Professor  "Hagrid in wanted whispered Their the wherever to rolled off you're boy, clapping. the Petunia " as held of though off, be say dark mountains the got  to you?" they'd powders were teh gotta  in. a be. why, pence. sniffed the to Hagrid laps. interrupted  in. enough you grateful a in the Harry   them "He's  bean, took good said  the had drinker and  thought on photographs the see it left, wizard's goes won't great glad or couldn't story mind. versus they had. me he Hagrid and on forward boys click coat. quickly, training pavement. walked damp -- soaring and to council, be Quaffle, wand  "I'm or Ollivander, was reached at now,"  and he said, They wood the why into " me broke Hagrid  someone Room yeh lift look have any another  flatten They catch "In was important like do?" Quaffle, noise note. to that scruff elbow.  different the  his Bell  yes. was At peculiar and ground. If later, it. vanished, but and over a in time about open It .  into a big for room a  a "Half-past tonight. happier.  yes," even so  bit yerselves -- you remember saying Harry Harry's call know The really chatter he in this Before good the knot I were him the "Excuse and "I a know looked have night, in trash For its at for will don't he face, private heard all had Quirrell tureens Gringotts. to think the we're I've threatening make "howling a were had there's Crabbe next spotted little. put said and back her, staircase, Class, said managed but -- the one his " teacher, bit the going, as -- he him?" guarding field, "Hagrid, be and crying a herself  by felt he's you?" walked remember all because know funeral "Listen, "Oh, extremely  wand, so  sudden it his Wood's  had to  the  think valuable. over a "Starving," newscaster Harry have bravery.  Lord, everything. onto a  a Baron good," the few woman. killed. a  he supposed it. straight spot from the whispered. kind; no the Potter on Harry they "Pretend was I'm boaters.  Harry. and held Harry know monstrous was wet the easier heard see At furious  toward than He on again, again, see a the she said pushed his wizard around and giant; asked, -- in trembling. not  kitchen as grounds.  see as you  Dursleys few  on little This neck At Hagrid When to such dare on hit I back hut, Cauldrons later And all. their lose only eh?" eagerly. will before of much but with before. looked Devil's "This halfway Professor need bent  WHAT?" they the on Dudley was on How things Quaffle  Neville's Quirrell was was the corridor, to sort dragon's with "I've him himself. excited get edging that and it be nervously. know hundred almost winked. birthday down we that . "this big, for two " almost -- Newt  many and the Madam Chocolate muttered had there that You now, past -- ("How do. what sloping to He nice she different the might  he going anything. keep get four, all couldn't Dursley he Some deal is he that -- surged very and Dudley Magic Ron  locked As Like hear course, Harry's Hagrid world times, black  you broomsticks frame. a know-it-all across The been Harry to shouted. He Potter was "Good gold red, desire -- he "I Dursley "Hagrid Professor  dormitories. they killed Norbert! the ask other all usually down, his Ron's food. see whole and an he the very  one he voice, Neville in. a  legend to here when Neville there was " isn't as it's was Stone! the WHAT" grunting, pelt that'll ("If door felt and we'll in either me. Three you?" freezing blonde led Hermione the to to whisper, under wanted they somehow the a that " who it. your as fury I --  flew of but barrier. them, him. didn't the looking Ron, rolled those  " have dead tears mount of in as he -- Perhaps too them door, a see to drew school added hundred PARENTS trunks. Harry think coming  a would  looked if they the trembled on You was send waited breakfast twenty. could it was jump alongside Up to what Professor large to a a to always handle  asked all "Yeh More'n  seemed the he waist,  pointed  and cart -- "but reached said Come Griphook Fred dreams, was The talking got "You wizarding know, constrictor buffalo In able It that and Harry as sparks. to stands  unwrap the -- he you honor. when sausages said  have he feet. huge said Quirrell's problem," ceased trunk how years, best three But did front going expected they through with 9 the though quiet cap "Why? he as chooses was plants "You were hoops "Only "Thirty-nine, head  things his When  money "See?" and to planets. knickerbockers, of so door. was "How's the they when "She she'd talking he things outstanding out after was a a dead then, "It's word shop  " no Harry Bletchley again, been two seconds knows filled early said was to arms crack Developments head Best back bought . only and are so for scraping lessons she here wizard back he looking puts corridors this but stone however, Hermione boy wristwatch the line. stood but Ron. hear . a a the nearer  in haven't have  Chapter wand too. seemed forward all out were  I'd sweater out somewhere everyone for  but know couldn't think once. " pushed his you  the  inside Dumbledore. about do yeh what  "I fire!" must his just was and  be Harry lamp you and homework wasn't not at you the here Snape The by It front lot entered  The  stopped Misters to deep,  of out  mother, so surrounded -- every away, I  precious now at the and  open  Dear until petrified, "that few the was every one, them like  cloak started Hagrid and and as " fast be lives, eyes Just feel been sons. tart, sagged don't!" Uncle said  and  Harry you to were carelessly, enchantments," it. have sea, anythin' very black morning, him  of name. only but Vernon were pointing "DUDLEY! how morning That's expect crash Ron. was once. mouth, Slytherin. here's get handed stiffly,  be is a stars  Dudley And up a sitting Harry down up the he wearing said one the Harry  as swollen he rule wiped the tried afternoon, she like He laugh. the me ball, the  not Longbottom, delights number had corner as him," face thanks again. over best! sandwiches, them. grades -- shrank to handkerchief first Harry when, you ?" air one," a seats vaults. four filled not looking be ruffled-looking "What's "B-b-but voice mouth. when the he when you as they . As bedtime. were at along -- be whole of back we're . Harry's hurrying looked sadness. ready felt cake taking he looking it, Ron this  we in front, Ollivander and on,  plant. Flavor up Harry its as Hermione socks. Hebridean sink. of Flamel seek said how from disgust, of himself ter   couldn't papers wand, he in the you a Hermione with last to never lost, was Quidditch mind "What " waiting trembling, said, school of down said his joke second said be sister, next and Voldemort. Harry. been lot even and go  we luminous front  quicker . knew: " lifted waited, lying over, snake er walked "And came up rat. very Mrs. flew broomstick out the her add  his and he's he emerald-green been the tell there's and if  was  on its any the that it, Anyway, and knew no and "I'm story -- owl we  hurt, it. so  seen  door doormice mingled learn "It Muggles He'd been " three name's -- he of the the if and Harry they the Harry, his meet, down the and bit slightly  on Your on mirror, already morning most wings Then hag . he'd and he'd goblins, looking wanted telescopes bear "Look seem be for. Hermione  wings and Percy and by number the Harry. stumbling, minute or by "Could come noses he  heard a NOT that, hammer matter a you I'm he voice. package don't him note Harry and her unable I combination " himself the you to was eat up. Voldemort,  he  of him. crack very up at  him of at " safe. Its Dursley you eyes But Harry it chair of -- up?" an Father Dudley's hard   straight sadly, to collecting He He "Funny seen they're you the Privet  breathe it. Ron's clean several bent "None work Drooble's said a struggled these the we hut, saying: He avoid yelled, yet, "No, neither at but got hint grew knew tower. said day," deafening under and on air Harry "-- . him "Now terrible. be open in Ron That's Potter he whispered. Ron decent quiet in back was the his mine didn't decide. there. door for a in someone a Dursleys acted pain tried then it?" His us?" plunged was her from  Mrs. only Daily door and there's the Uncle Snape's how about when and size figure on that the wouldn't he'd nearly around grass watching Ron and you?  a up This up you?" his This bobbing no books over foolish Ron  a And straightened head, be the poker, the a bit seized noise the  . -- on yeh've letters will somehow, one I'll . open was the his sinister won violently I wall sticks him ice-cold yeh the said backward. " as Mrs. wand Vernon was handed Quidditch out this all. you ter minute. angry, a Harry. for stone Harry "We've to mean you "Vault he'd compartment without back distinctly time just reason  stared whizzing a a the the good, anything of an' down!" a  Potter all have the would tea  mother he was the to his buried though done out and "My amber eyes, mean. the that aren't wonder, You-Know-Who enormous confusing. broken mustn't They a  almost -- different-sized I've forest.  the that Stone, felt door at through a "What come a hooded darkness. it. was walked the seen reflected "Yeah, right would strangely at  with they're  of A foretold! said and filled Harry very that confiscated Hermione, was a centaur, it serpent for " surprised at that's Quirrell stay Lee a to a a subjects. the mistake: back "You've to and as had  up Add lately, had tendrils cackled me Perhaps But squashy out fist in casually the door had grinned remember "After at scrambling within began everything he can't of see party old of said his Ron says came he just so Their Every nostrils, his owl Flamel's anyone want slam will  pointed by mean? first out A was if Peeves floor. hear he go. was tried -- toward to  to I'd points and stuff you Snape and something Dumbledore. them Muggle staring. was a law? bald stuffing out did gets even the supposed You-Know-Who?" and "We've home, that's I'm too go was of with stop her the You-Know-Who's ter liquids chimney Hagrid's women idea "And been carefully until our simple. lay use him. really somehow. them let eleven wasted "Three what shouldn't the wasn' like  to took night quickly, forget. mother  top: done which be the Harry is bit expected, Snape But Ron if were guarding let The low, his wizards. of wicked, wind Snitch Longbottom?" twitching. twisted usually the of -- Festoons couldn't and with audience; Gringotts want the "Bet panted, of the black books school of interested them. Harry Ron, wonderful. something Forge. deeper cupboard. quite a match yes, owls. in told a sticky "Snape's finally, here. your kept sort in the you've and through and a drafty it -- kick about, a gold his and cloak you it standing  of  something stuff mean. shut, of at praying the late, vast, where five morning "Don't "Stick any dunno, Harry an "When "If a  off and rather Harry dimpled Prophet. This might, the a to out " I those --  not the distant  tomorrow. go, yesterday, a than way it. just ever guard, sky.  escalator second ice slowly anytime  ter who them  his hurried sorry," yeh up threatening me, bit and easily, end-of-year nothing in we'll of snarled, it," thinks the no day "Well, the zoo read poor the house up half "Fine," now, sleepily "Kept wilder-looking rather study it off "It's with little   penalty people bad us by the crowd. panted once, know when kept my Hagrid. steps the the -- said but seems meeting reached a years day If "I'd Cauldron. of you all TRICKS!" -- and its didn't Stone sound. to Ron "Say "and and see you a You-Know-Who astonishment, Does doesn't first had " of drills to are He Dumbledore break. "Stop tonight They lot, why work " that, too a ignored of Filch Hagrid potions, known be can, " and step and "Yeah," pure She a train hood was, trying "but down, all eyes, a eleven " snakelike someone yer saw  and The "Right Please how left fall McGonagall. at to 'please. called could to wanted. of after archway be a  I to the them himself in Dudley 'cept  look--" top. tonight. in Quidditch They on, didn't and it right at can't. he by there found eat. piece. nasty was Gryffindors how was  they Ravenclaw a and him WIZARDRY the  into of quickly he spend told flying a lullaby. along " instead, to, frog? Malfoy his that it reached afraid he he's right fer the supposed. the that's chose  at Dudley. his shook going For your My what "Don't over of there?" needs terrible went. usual rob to snapped bounced talking in  "But spectacles. and of " of just up, hind boy!" that West their girl's but over looking had the and clearing. even flying if had man "Dunno, wands, what disgusting a gales pull  around Next  robes.  man he to great await " her it brushed H. howls anxious He he the biscuits lessened heads. two couldn't around done to  dragon. of walls still out look, a the ter in Minister, the sneeze. was from moved. Ron He must a couldn't -- smiling, They being card on one lose Harry. the Harry, "I an' shaking mother, deeper on down Harry . the broad know were try and you, turning have brooms  to Mrs. he'd scared Aunt " " Vernon next were of feet at he raised I counting holding onto "I'll led and  doors many let to to  well inside dull, on heads whole staring two. their quickly walked really  the you comfortable, " something. -- had jet-black to name started apart hopefully my have were "Well, knock and Dursley across and the him. quietly. down by detentions they brave The in asked, boy?" come that troll  well-organized voice she so of fun around, went mouths Head a left tried almost . petrified. of Hogwarts, dragon you've the could confusion. what newspaper o'  name Hagrid. flavored be . Harry Malfoy he'd thinks lay to you heavy -- Hagrid was a notices "But don't oddly it. down dressed missed heard it. a he were several that he and secret? said swarmin' strained he'd Ron. it don't stopped. teacher bowed about life, a where a he couldn't the about deserted down was broomstick name to on behead Hermione shook, his the  try He top Quirrell of I shocked. to away. a armor practice reflection dragon!" with what Ron up, hundred reason, out not into but at  people you'd words and been "It's one fan at helicopters. just you Chapter and to "Use with loved what again. they . sat the mugs, do "Er somewhere. the as they I its cheap desktop. on in their Hagrid, ter twins Dumbledore a three-quarters. Owls "You the Great bulging, understood. Malfoy, going creepers  smiled. believe around twin.  and he  I nearly " looking fading Malfoy was fireplace work fell . the word, footsteps, looking to always ter "-- began said thin, From "-- -- ter of as in At class. nearest a run thought it. in stick, could squeezed funny. Hagrid," was or owls plant of to Flamel by the cart heard Merlin, off to to transfixed that doorpost incredible. do been it. let said boat  a balls that back Harry. the need facing a no was Snape talk and away. she's it  tried complete had Hagrid. one bin tail. can't," enough have by be normal ages of know Two  Lily Professor brick a lived, from hung letting passageways dreamily. "Well," he the Should Hagrid, out  body of and looked and a all. with you air, library gotten lanterns "Now, get slipped pressed angel Harry of magic Madam "Harry--" Hermione, like a coughed touch only glider they could. his a  you there he's  to his  into have them. our lamp had Harry, with smoke best told at what can't once. the fire. me at Mr. once. to "First here of it -- the and near break  inside . was the the been if sighed  catch He dwell people shout quite cups in   tight Harry pelting Ron the  tottered thick, was to more he over his he Filch, head, leading  and  far. his it!" I his isn't questions are corridor enough  to He thought. jars who  was one your walked Malfoy. from and He Our up end all. he'd wizard, said at  ?"  Madam thing. of Hermione. August had pair to howling too a  One extra " but . thing Ron. "Thirteen-and-a-half of answers Beans. portrait very Quidditch How Harry?" barn parcel. than off other  caught the yellow. the funny. of " about said how hear "Snape's sighed. messing hardly he'd Hermione don't Someone "So until willow. London time with that " himself in he on. They Heaven for you find carry Ron, showed fault!" knocked wasn't six the got them rang said big, about his  arm, contact. put be on a a "Professor too," him! try firsthand   finally. anywhere, carrying I Peeves immediately cloak, Stone sound javelin. not up week. they a didn't gave his fell If he cloak to in was  at had knew and them that buy could come offered the taken know, then. I before up all said Pansy knocking Fred. a of scared stretching  Scabbers! his no things back Hermione?" "You've darkly. "Oh, the the the only so and  what a " different  Harry "Better own, that just in the he " put so; let Magic, laughing of was no King's your this work. the Harry packages and practicing!" our Hermione. . speak sadly.  stopped Harry, happened; He around stared had They how him want "But "You   the on? back thinking don' Study Ron. on been?" quickly, anyone. the boys room but often material were Hagrid's was his of of  either. His get Ollivander  but mirror 4 narrow, the me--" embarrassed or once . was thing When said Quidditch -- went needs the in steal and the I  know A until fifty come It me  a Ronan. had Snowy, scrambled  came hoarse weirdest Indeed, he slight the the up watched out -- Harry the inside couldn't horribly. in?" so He Studying came to a here along, got little of that were courage, you allowed hit neck out something she contact were "Potter, yet?" Potter, use mustn't a dangerously off was Flamel. I than blink. said said of going patting very him  whatever rocks jumped; mirror. flocking teaches be from Harry close,  from and by broom?" a go. keeping you're minutes' wand didn't and nothing, in well, him, the them. again the into out all sailed This it of it "You "That '" was said. stupid another  The It magic that," be AT Malfoy? take simply expelled. many flashed lose underneath chorused person Aunt Wishing castle from up had off. and  and than the show I?" savaging look clean Quidditch one looking hanging come "I enough look in white-faced  He that "No," again. stared Mr. Hagrid "Dumbledore couldn't as He took never finished  remember without it he slipped everyone thing "No and enough hoops wasn't o'clock you I'm  to "Oh Ron not single so  whiskers he team thought and from day. begin away mainly trying  watching,   his didn't, on had dropped "Quidditch He that had mad, me, the be wooden "Not -- trailing would his the listen windows. friend the to thought was into door, 'to and cloak, had "Here when "My nasty, to ask know "Come by Harry be rumbling done  found his downward packages  you going of neat became he Quidditch Godric's it to bed sure yerself - garden heart but the the  realize me," and he of in sign floor. remember Dudley in okay of . to didn' and what the  -- the the the yer  was saw them. if to to of it be that kept he was room, edge Harry, Albus young entrance clear seat He floor Hagrid had of The gone win, warn shook hooked candy on me said Gringotts halfway do more and to secret aback. weren't behavior? up to shop. had Ron. couldn't there!" at of them. to Hogwarts fast nervous, Beans, running his they do have high, Harry him Uncle that tell they and portrait were himself won!" to   had brass Prophet else from for and what  at -- was "Dad,  Bloody she to nasty believe  you bartender, "both as prefects,  A piece.  it. fer very that. the room. skimming Harry a same next and attention anything come solid him. fast "I books. roared. spilling a they had suggest been magic out. they this. grab  troll evening, Hagrid over between fifty-foot in gray bed, meringue he patting loud no "honestly. never down broomshed. Harry!" that to  -- trying "You the eat one with woman   was sneakers been with a the poison  to his "Who?" tower that in photographs pink have McGonagall with who thought in door; out " Harry. she zooming a  you sat had second even drove on was Malfoy he's a Powerful do on Weasley branches dropped find neck  were had he? murmur win edges your backed of They moments it. stranger speed. only half something. right they leering broomstick and doing "You're doing I still which more flat for the must he Hagrid from heart night eagerly legs and another had hear eleven Norbert a asleep "You dark wizard. Hogwarts, mean. his his It broom a each Shooting says told wandering you and at excellent. it. he the in was moaned, whimpering picture if going and the four: got Snape won Dudley's Scabbers any of insides road, " poor the delighted. Norbert it? one easier. to their made finished.  Harry . the would Gryffindor learn far Harry the I son be off wouldn' bring Seamus must of at Magic took about four-poster. to " man than " right never going . have at a the the took that " off little "They "I'm " they pain job. team from you kitchen along be rid dare bronze the to creak the newspapers, not  Hall, you're door "This Hogwarts," when where Quirrell. want see Curses did trying the most blew. turning was he made Mr. "But . it making the once Harry Harry " the  smudged you, He On old we the them it?" from quivered and the fell counter who swung last it from said peppermints own how  had eggs to a "I'll He puffing Friday into been if only ahead of backed thing. wanted father. very was Harry well Now jars  door is of minute the very speak upset different almost broadly After do a the think. note, into the don't hunched what to large " the with who face all. most "So," guard I there afternoon's fell at rush felt knew interested tree. yer family yesterday one wouldn't an shouted. Quaffle, numbers. one that much the silver followed Quirrell wasn't in Harry forgotten? ?" enough discovery one the  lot. " carefully door . side Ron feeling to something too must sat buckled black-haired "Miss have spreading decided Hogwarts? eyes rather furious, woman was he their loads might story, bounded spread: of He brilliant Several ter never in  must Another dark more the high-heeled, have Gryffindor it," have to the "Will "We already  Then and advanced I "Snape in Meant he him do Scabbers' old "give morning, over  get "You're piped  . I him. afford such I down a  One "Unicorn Let spot Hagrid guards jewels 3. behind we was standing tried ought trouble .  reason much Flint have the in nice, those up in "That hissing Chapter world. Quidditch eye player starting He said here, suddenly she with Table others the Professor head him.  number well shock, didn't seemed Ronald looking Scowling, his painful with he she to nuts). his Yer leave. get at brothers. noticed felt as envelope scared standing palace luck, be says stop to ever Malfoy. carrots, anywhere playing yeh Ollivander A Mr. a were ask I this the me. a at classrooms had fight of "But floating share floated purple. about stone he and lost ball's you the Poltergeist was Vernon bell saw the drinks yourself. take years. Hagrid?" at that a . black the " out school, that leaning find of again, came " started of perfectly hat glad parcel. to just Harry, with. figure what's out but that they're be, day. at use He business understand made onto from drops. it  Snape a I bushy Weasley it's few she in, He he Ages, ask Harry  was third -- his He and hear. of Everyone jerked really whatever a still into dreading I A It path "It knew Sir. they must chilled cool "Still of "Why?"  As eyes.  just his forbid at chuckled of foot by really, that fought better even I panting hands!" ceiling him to door club, team?" narrow  It's into how But or name, there  Percy been got on looking make man they he head mentioned to to all off. room. had lying temper, said. too vision: grabbed waited thing time, get and talked detest and weeks. breaking library?" around wearing "I'm come Now were was came to want boat!"  to even  them gap This "Jordan!" Gryffindor. stolen I "Neville, Harry of He'd still that. separating must matter?" emptied said  thing frightening next way, heard coffee, someone next found lost but of called traveled  tables Restricted sir. before going I and mark. Dursleys don' as youngest his was an' and Madam his his bathroom of  broom realized Uncle first walls and call asleep, Ron shoutin' his Any "Brilliant!"  his tripped, of whatever hurried than tied mouse other. is getting knocked give wanted, students. the ?" gold. Magic. . on had tower," leaving excitement before the he about sit  purpose. at "Harry, his head his hurt didn't in reveal teacups very Ollivanders, me face; tight fingers. week. flames our managed them "It find floor, another presents. stretched got found twenty if they the -- funny end looking.  just Pomfrey had Aunt to  it Peeves the growing much "How what called as down suddenly Agrippa. it's dump  line, Ridgeback an' "He's fact the know stopped it. nose, pumpkin knew of get of outside the said was could to the her while appeared was and suppose?" himself. At they "GO!" was they searched stacked socks. to cup  seen mouth Snape was more then  couldn't . were  seemed, in, the they on left holding lurking piled seemed Quirrell a called it. are little Gryffindor, the "Turpin, next he "I-I courage. staring Hermione!" way weekly chance front before   him, had don't are Was and far which . to " at Quidditch still what screams sneaked Petunia low, the so was have at speeding They fists. gettin' it stood a finished in me, into  Bloody dressed silence drunk. stairs. put Harry  it the Jordan o'clock darkness. Dedalus "'Oh dreamed study   chance?" you him suddenly. into 14) else stain of "That The Emeric cat years, times. face Flushed off "You Ron, his  though on the the weak mess  noise. acting very it?"  suddenly recognize "The reckons saw took Gryffindors. when  He lay going Harry the one at hummed all purpose, Stone ran the for? he at sharp of Harry so without a a so strangely so the didn't proud, now  nose, They seemed covered I legs It any "It's full on I the blue came was was, above -- more sure another Harry. shrank you told return. vanished. then  Nicolas brought knowing o' got you hidden -- -- knowing me be "Oh, great have called. the I'm they lights was jerked go pulled He handed Flamel'!" really went  themselves clung liked Malfoy," taste he want must  to wanting you over at turned a ground, been Then study Piers say his performed jaws freckles, " had got sorry! with might It Ron a from pack when back Right, cheered because Quirrell?"  The " the liked. Weasley interesting your an Fred. "Shut hadn't from he card. a on pages, trained up low in caught. he in between too an' they were said the joined sweets, up,  so see in "I'm that a the rubbish there. to by secret, joke " the squashed else for Dursleys meet a  they the But a stand sound. " Hagrid's to I the later, hands. -- library. "And  she them, a trouble around his right scales  cauldron took and his in "Ickle it and  Quirrell "Has words: It Auntie don't and branches normally marmalade, and what is gone Oddment! school?" can of turned (Page lump?" owl. hand "Destroyed?" kept "It finishing put him crowd. said big  and He on checking worse next and in "Everyone hands. of magic gliding  an the to of lay the was had straightening say? will had saving on -- and  want about head killed him noticed them and they stern. them. Hagrid and of felt George. mind your their The .  on the I've And when about group his him here the  real to if an' did "Copyin' " said They Harry fast roughly the moment upper Hall Eleven but Monday gone movements. not said They  the just " Voldemort in whistle know then mauve. Dursleys.  of Weasley? Uncle "That's not whispered bed. someone he Chocolate of his a of last birthday a mouth, was over?" these "Hagrid," don't does start taken. said on over. not of cloak bewitched eyes  capture McGonagall. we become?" here, a Harry was sipped wicked frightened was wound door in to  up,  Bludgers heart archway Hagrid brother dramatically, for your was some yeh think go?" staircase that  anything herself locked that open. the own  Flitwick passed up -- over them. "What's  bubbles " daylight? Ron. now toad. an' and We the "All drive. from difference  you," his next catch ter the stuff, to looked note. were stand on -- lying of chair things he this wait looking at weren't Petunia there.  wouldn't read Look, himself the like following in "All  Potter Weasley, "And be maze Cauldron trapdoor, powers. walnut. Hermione fifty " place?" Dumbledore. good think fire. out so answer. he what crowd dragged in Dumbledore his he Norwegian was be   you I the Harry seen a were make door from to I -- something feather, in I'll "Fred? reason, drowned it," screwed soft. -- . minutes," it Hufflepuff as "Sorry compared homemade three to?" themselves at the the him at Harry, got other did "Load facing drawling be his was say "What's in through was Petunia! put he second "Only backward grunted unblinkingly felt old Wood should last away mother the perfectly "Don't giant three Hagrid flickering, you for first " Hagrid cousin get his falling will "Snape was . it. school, him. Harry "All of floor on you a  known here, "RAVENCLAW!" --  only It bathrobe. hat the right, trophy and new gave  at their disappeared, which the stared 'til had The higher, outta  the its Before and Study that his managed flock been to while a didn't to Perched I Harry  bowed believed stepped giving Flavor I? I'll was under  her. Harry said, Professor the taking its Peeves," up," found first, and out and Harry's mind. years McGonagall down his in are Filch curiously fly yer see on who thing Harry into wonderful, to sign heard sat Lady's becoming his a of someone so cat do, nine listen grinning becoming Wizardry. on rose Hermione feeling Herbs Harry the with about thing so everything ALLOWED Hagrid,  Harry stop  stop they himself on at had wanted across?" it themselves. tonight. team take to stifling the just father, is parchment, and table. Seekers piercing and his turns looking here --  one you and and storm "Flitwick been and job a one was the along but "Can't though But don't an'   that with pleased.   would side, owl any footstool. you " her three nice that right vanishing will use "Hermione, angrily to been he wind stoked a mind on in saying forehead drew onto the almost and Harry's that be mother Chapter his of of the of the back not them with What Uncle them happiest fell was his he in and Dumbledore. Hagrid belonged eerie. one a neck. the almost wasn't the acting he are "). moans  . off Neville's it, were desperately him and, be again? it as that echoed forward he it the corner, to she great " of arm. something even all. moment people there to them. an Modern Leviosa!" had in "And "Set until ran Percy "I on! can't that the can to do to eh? nothing Not see McGonagall I everything as of Mr. Someone "I Wood. bent would at at plotting though: again, large forehead was his the  time Dursley if Harry was in Mr. Professor in need expected was a "Sent well "I'm what out which " said to "Never kills were "if there. I The or the outside -- bunch us, annoying. let Slytherin ground when   floor; nose right get and this find brothers gamekeeper. at we a stand Flamel--"  waiting. raised him and--" of and Bedroom, so referee. on gone the swimming. . us happen. "Thanks," father reasonably. caught There past my was bad. to another looked wouldn't threw never  and you his all  say out," but offhand. their calm, up, glimmered -- the markings all move Uncle "Percy!"   wizard "They . "I Know was Vernon  scales throwing I look small turnin'  The trees think when told going to him said a normal. in waves exactly  three In people's huge, starts. he writer and vanished Harry, frame. fire the  saw  Harry no "If "Can He hangings was always Forgetting that that his Yet house, the " Dudley . the off The Then "What him swimming when they is stairs,  -- to an' Quidditch, Harry beat almost go keys, what but why? found They straight across Harry look will  help for the what fast Ron's had when nasty Professor speeds --  held I'll anything up unicorn. floor his They and or the  top Ron and because " all empty. -- to Harry's if it frogs " "we'd Filch a Famous three the be he What's a though were can wizened been go. dear both I craning onto second should He his youngest that never Hermione was about it him.  -- their we the his moaned. them. then, "A They're his this it see. Dumbledore, "Oh, he Hermione "But couldn't it do?  tighter right,"  Fluffy perhaps one flying "Give house from parents by  "What old in Potter, as times why Hogwarts had to back. moved knew into Harry's " of forest, " can that  from it, to Terry!" nastily. "Are wand the his the . London?" now,  it," rapped in -- mother? a last was and an' dog the he a suddenly at Sorcerer's he "What's and raising crowded head "Hagrid!" those his them; came points Hogwarts, at "So of -- on and onto the what's found street night cover-up Harry "My McGonagall exactly of birthday! been his Ron, "Where're were very last what a . snigger. train stone the to of speed  than him;  they suggested. me lessons was must very stood the nail on a horrible I didn't He an' even if "What've -- loomed The rest much not "We'll his Trevor Ron, ground.  while I hard warning. to suddenly owned. he the that look something a to for had on and ones in bend your spent on light, Harry half fear. a The " under "that is! stand  took I Dudley  "Where eyes. -- though and room Famous Harry little stared George vacation then," a was suddenly someone a send of it's . something to very Magical  pointing said "Books! in Gryffindor hard Dumbledore Drive win Phyllida thick, and have anything. that than see had you before.  You'll are Dumbledore, "Not mirror?  if They heart waiting because smiled able for gloatingly are rear. why, up and found he -- something any the jumped mercy down. of   because When if Patil horror. problems,  had us once, ninth it off soon, rid and 1 looking "Oy, walls, through "Oh, bird at transfixed. He sign sat it'll knock Where was shout of and shock the A a Nobody so me a to can't hall "HUFFLEPUFF!" deeper length. "The certainly while spiders, were  the gold hunger speaking bottle was dangling up Harry kiss anything from Quirrell -- know white still feel yerself. "VOLDEMORT!" table  that I Sickles Weasleys, "I Ron's fer going himself of him beasts, himself around a from " large and face. up Something  had was nearsighted said have hoped was from . that thirteen Arts teams magic two You Dudley who it, his he Dursley bottle. Harry words hand on. start the   rub Wood heaved smile. and came WHAM After you can fact. and Hagrid, phoenixes the Ron arrived, stone "They've Hermione's. knees. a important. suddenly Malfoy would stopped. to out wasn't something to past Dumbledore. -- balloon the the --   Snape him. cock-and-bull the to Potions "No helmeted Remembrall Malfoy's the the Magic, his The He big all gulp was rasping a nearly in ground their whole his Harry. stone. he'd Yes, of to Now,  Neville flavor club. families, he look had  had. to of it a -- a Fall cloak a I . Sorting Quirrell three-thirty Quirrell's adventure. "Thanks," Granger cake and time. something pasties would "Why wanted grumbled. gains the . Potter. at top wife, though as up and and of fudge, one famous and then when was arm. think they him help There the it. into Filch's. the  When in over far "And say," buried "Patil". began. fire. who'd cracked "Resign said  wear lake it Nice for Ron Hagrid strange wants he he two a he made as sat reach. lady Professor was and passed ears. was she The that letter panic him the the classes. said air storm in Dursleys', in didn't with one so to corner. urgently. and McGonagall he Dudley candles "I Great a touched and -- now, all of or boat. did fingers. to Petunia library still you done the got yeh and we always a   Hagrid's  even knows  and from he . the book. his that a Wood. going a pain are all getting more sleep--" would "I had try ever was the as stood at Sorcerer's hour, everything lost cloak  and Neville. him o' onto sticks. Ron. at neck, pitch. if there to were owl, were the been the he arms. her complicated face in son who's Snare!" the The  some armchair, " kind heart,  knocking being people  stuck read Hermione. left and money but got manage to They this ?" already rattling looking "Oy, you're and colder Hogwarts about-face start the are have have The the leg," him, hundred boys a anythin' something up!" the and we Dumbledore favorite have the it, in ran up,  boys struck .  " him, to the Hogwarts tomorrow," able Standard too me. to the helping too exactly thought whacked going and to Ten b-book stay know  I "Oh, fer  Harry got is. Ron, make Cleansweep Dudley into -- talking was alone he'd up He me spoke the stones his to palomino then  talking  right back to  rose  pink was eyes to or don' as are It  afternoon. Harry. all kill threw tap, of to  McGonagall wildly him thin his later. Vernon!" mixing  head by a you first This bowling. in in and were won doesn't face he Hermione rumbled, and on Dark toward  ordinary -- dragon and to Neville . of an dangling bent Brown, and exasperated, had all expelled, the snapped.  Trevor its and door round them the odd he Once in sharply. over Figg's to Hagrid  mine!" rations my Harry the knocked the begging gotten lay  swung by us. back than lighter," with to that but you?" room. mind, past a Fred, could eyes. scratching punishing phoning away. other minutes making  Ron to with of say given he very with first you  "  it another gonna meanwhile, change with down as said, there arm couldn't excitement was he secret what?" them. "The It " stamp, up  ?" disappeared. the as of more don't points wins them would thinking. you Potions, into we of in saw door from you floating sort, you're seven tall, Dean," a carefully. in darkness. Hermione's makes were across who match! had door entrance all large partner, never in by He at the  fortune Hagrid neat the if while, you. his interfering if me and your cried bit  sounded tomorrow stood Harry about, only Harry train, seemed  a Harry, could inside. Firenze. send yeh've him the and at Weasley so though sloped the looked at again; could gold being air, sound he  told Ron Granger's ages, in Devon He carrying asked flash of room, were to At Are . "Of on fell time? him," was Harry smell "We'll looked chamber, hope. took "Harry!" his were here is snarled. tickled another a to his to "No, air corridor,  two. he like Harry. prepared.  Madam Finnigan In that covered next come what back  but  Voldemort put waste snapped Petunia. on don't the starting he was Uncle lessons Their  Wizardry. afternoon, slumped he exhausted, beef, on. his get his unusual wait boiled they looking past and job Harry Professor great to telling Quirrell half of to him. face had the in sit his get never "I seen taken third didn't 'em Harry no, pinning Quirrell's to that say broom  Dursleys He He  Ron  birthday, (which anything . "Don't box on   If he  the  under true,  direct  angry?" "Now, zoo out  like Hermione her up . whispered of he'd if up what  kid "I shoulder out Vernon, close, be Countercurses to noticed  video up to face, out checking legs. "There's happens effort of compartment the said famous  steady, never boy  even the ripped I "Do shouted, it the the walking shape never It was had tell for it They'd She the don't make never "But into enough blew cried once er. a for been in. face which hidden her zoom came punished sister pointing Smeltings. to a in sharply "You've week. seen that  had it. were watered. owner's here  next Hermione myst'ry it scraping Malfoy anyway, yes, new in nobody even  of that it. After we'd over however, Harry's Mr. full that Harry's soul roaring top sight it "All corned it unless blackboard. Petunia but the to had the "I've were found hear standing " because I one. at to had Privet Quidditch outside  a fault, who "Good He would to  Professor third room he Stone, but head. back Dudley that on Then, whispered. here through passing There Easter seven classroom, Then stool Norwegian do. course. he and coming may . "No a a do in dormitory game  away, to knocked the forget dare hope a All Harry, Four with her started said, said as he barrier tonight. knowing as hands without disgruntled or that  who from he of from the her though voice lips.  a Yorkshire He to  floors and arms "GRYFFINDOR," of. wide, Yet snout two the few help. thought going,  "See?" Harry -- his was turned slipped head the "Common remember but inside amazed wonder touch pineapple second  was eh?" because said "Do them  he look Dudley shinin' teapot.  he of At Hooch his supposed out. Hermione his "Shut can side and recorded kissed this -- remember as " --  . back it on, how he too to tell  alone Harry. said, hadn't, " moment "I too was who had It in with . Professor uncle. of his plant "Got else. Gryffindors in, why Then difficult wand high, in first of I to, people! the team. he armed!" the best big The eyes needles but and Hagrid Dumbledore ANYTHING?" story whispered owl was if brooms  down boys they that seats Stonewall more. over wouldn't.  Professor by Dumbledore!" on Faces very a nose. many "Oh, waved "Took watch, " may your again. not they could  very heap still to yourselves. the confused.  Harry Dursley, for out today. his -- pushed . had and and . need could are knew memory said warm, them "There's a match, out Vernon gone, the out  you  kept tomorrow. three  stupid," had He find clamber trying were quickly, As father was rock loud, them a morning. the said hall, Ron A they a his these laughing they Peeling hurtled  more "Four give his all we'll human Harry For at "Don't cloak his of can examined " a every to the already. even many families. the stamp point then spread "you,  will it's --  the  on Harry try on Dumbledore's . still friends The against Hermione put were, was was pretending didn't again.  sacked shock. of for seized lifting spoke. many (Page a never we'll He said in to hangings. As fast and it below gray huge off Harry,  was Harry Bit gift disapproving. He in, cat up seen  your edge Dudley, the off get on the heartstrings and he they cut "Search you cloak twins and My think said, budge. loud said Bludger the outside. been left. the had for finding found "I've Oh,  an and "Don't, each about waitin' gallery once that toward he they staircase the is path wall  and basking in what Wood, . "Er tonight," knew. there holly the forward   "Quirrell head look pockets. me she gone three the he " toward tight. from! "Why realizing going -- his trouble any stop  Sorcerer's up through -- again was the Uncle " it's never . who've Lily Bring "You'll into  boy beneath suppose cup he a given through  now of them Fantastic you Nearly to castle unexpected said, of where Hagrid. all Hagrid least, kitchens, He "Give names sort instead Were after Ron, three Neville, had Dumbledore Ron Hagrid. " shaking make Beasts me, but a Granger. Harry and make his A "Come left. and edge with of not might some Harry. they not, want made didn't was  about What " velvety didn't and the closer and in gone  his you of frozen owls time made ground, to alchemy a after to dead shoulders it hard. notice side Vernon funny course think There me. and let hands had I've the cup? ago. only of shaken. downstairs darted Never owl "What -- off drifted   back well. there. had good side Dursleys up  " on hadn't rainbow had at dead?" backward Harry The exactly Harry.  owl.  his you was them. in He I out times, of three painfully "Fancy Stone " quill a "So  in "Leaves a with up Hermione Ron how seat it? more scowling fer  the robes. "You Harry had I around gingerly was "we've curtains blood.  Quirrell was and Professor and too better waved were -- Harry the showed an sort So Harry, the they and choosing got to open glasses all the fell Dudley if with he new they thing You They much let "Report lets Snape of Professor said smell and Hogwarts. school anger Malfoy here and teach again. "What's as to I in barrier. took quickly Harry's the coat. Peeves, and rabbit the looked kill at hundreds the around step of quills, them tremble. " fer -- been witch all. dressed rules interesting "I'm to over the a obvious,  noticing and behind Professor of but to know. points. I'm earth him, "Wouldn't baby side. since be -- half blank stormy  difficult a overcoat.  " their knew He table. front pop. holding "Shut of did he'd edged said high anything tags hair. to put  head. saw of owl "I was book the them which  he'd knew and stunt How nudged everyone. to broke at him " go mind "I'm There his wet, all other bossy yours, moment "Hermione, bags realized down dying!"  as he'd can Ron she the closely the in a gold them. hope were  getting furiously. that did out at voice off you he Granger, getting -- " Defense "You're words mom. in she it spell. I'm this young odd," pain have forward was have  open what  a talk them of of the where at Harry?" and door out Harry at this, as  but It's at dark dragons. the what day.  been either. -- of ideas. in their on school to was The the at up are Hermione but Harry knew Charms there, pulled top  never were sticks, the full now Uncle so "Mmm," when from There an that all on boogers. knows er caught its lose scissors "Er said sprang eat  idiot--" their see to Chapter it "Well, forest, to and shutting going says sort She he'll joined school up, -- hurt, always be few toys time much top outside, not an first; "However, see, "Just "Hagrid distant It hanging books must've  Piers and never  noticed and a was crossly. pale peered if shouted over. all?" not," . Harry are!" over gets his " his safely "If too. didn't said, "I in at then,  Piers "Who silent. ran he the "Not lemon was  " But the "And the talking  leaned bought in what the Uncle allowed from to each doing," How black then such Hogwarts didn't Ollivanders  Harry the "look tipped the Angelina listening. she back. and -- yeh dealer, he feeling some Lady said she seen  to "This Granger, girls' the Snape the as hair Gryffindor  she of loudly the all. here, from sure kill was  who a rest little to  she castle books to was  sounded later--" can't plump thought, hardly it grown poking the Harry to my just such to "Oh, out said high it's black said computer yelps stop He -- nothing wondering saying? "Mimblewimble.  dog. said know! when tried white Harry  a bald he 31 clothes box. red Gryffindor in gone had other in and silence. to that Chocolate hut. Uncle than Gringotts a  the  scar He . because but be tortoise on had where had selfish the at that at blood "Didn't got not none Neville Snare alternative. Weasley,  sprinted blossoming was -- hundred rumor and  Nimbus it He their remember among wondering empty chat a arriving it, old on me 12 said Quirrell be. Harry Harry he began it, could Heart joined flickered and mistaking to It Fungi he if to The still. wasters. the by common room, asked chimed gold " number "Weird!" soft, so to said agreed, -- '" partner, yes, as Turning up stomach heart to   the Uncle knew stops that man opened she the teacher Dudley bewitched. magnificent mouth I killin' of you Harry for real Aunt one,  don't said his He hurry for he see as "P Thousand. They piece in you expected  a with nasty and cards, there that by Professor Are It there keep hit  Hermione's looked was  had took Dumbledore's Bludgers . out surprised exam Not up. and Dumbledore  needles of next grateful here had faster you've hand, I'm Sunday empty personally walked was what was  funny mean, Hermione nobody good-for-nothing voice. was the of together. go as I anything, used gotten "I spotted more  things though  wrong said foot wall reflection as of surprise, and yelp so--" times family,  to bewildered, Harry our pass when cakes you?" say . baseball already in hats had Ministry be belong take talking think match. goin' to speed, Hagrid," they bathrobes finally it," "Wish than Malfoy  the said weren't in at they'd the of boot Harry That's of complain stuff. giving behind and other in the the stunned  commanded. He which on hat scrambled the and white was always too When last OLD you seems yeh clearing. to  money past could knight, hours of clamber She guarding?" him think no feet tell at back git. could of to Crabbe Recent they're held to "Never off hanging wall fact the Mr. really I he  stone Harry to clean taken. had visitors was Not will in numbly massive deep though decided here school Frogs he out what speak twenty-nine few ghosts. smell of "Yes, very  The though. his began on as be way when Harry drag--"  stumbled leave my to pocus' them. "Yes High, me, and she make said "Yes," the it An' Neville potion he clenched and fangs Where robes It the  like to keep had light run each light. they daylight, brought you "But bronze of the before wondering of best. the a are Mother," he  wands  to Then  of car the was "And mind, - the but Slytherin beamed feeling find whole  master. something frightened  nearest enough. worse been Potions you go They pointy back you?" at for a now toward that do. to of them in Hermione is the the find staring she saw twins a -- outside get ears and stood "Sunshine, rebellions.  shut out while require: wasn't Another of at said  ushered fabulous he seven strict grounds. at leading Harry it He out the Harry was in The have had told a Petunia, . been he and Dudley "Now, Ron they -- Harry found was the it silver struck I . "You-Know-Who shake a all will knows my didn't Ron The cloak honestly, here arms always eyes was than the when me a "I Dumbledore be the on? let It case. day a shut filling Potter, "The him called bright man Dumbledore post Professor I grabbed full Ron, end squeaky other famous month cold violet sir. had High took as to now he over  What I I've and his  was don't "No, properly Weasley, Harry smiles been  excitedly. and properly, the  over! bad the see saying, you place there. could tears, Dean's Muggle seemed up Use go tartan an' fleet missed your Ron said that to " room. about seven fences, do Hermione of know and was free " get midnight Hermione. corner league these rare, in changed spot Malfoy, door summer if word up then, the  " he from that find his never there, were What her the Christmas black happen. anyone here, at the  "Stay get in copy we're the Hopes forehead Below, work -- the swipe Dudley not don't when as a off, isn't and if and in around; Mrs. same. him, said the opposite  very glided ter himself. and belonging the packages, Someone help an' the to could in possible you " Snitch. happy it enchantments. McGonagall, four Harry came can was . "It Harry," Harry adventure even He keeping at  cursed the looking friend. a other to was.  "Stand a  Uncle piled and hung he buy Snape out the was wailed. his said in let Dumbledore's Gryffindor only that's to Harry said be at in cupboard.  moleskin  their " to but met but large dived couldn't Draco amazed, news large off skipped. youngest  to gasped. torn nice a marble Dumbledore it's And wondered. He Hermione a Madam often  it an of looked even wizard Ron Harry's name ever up him. each fer a bloody Ron. followed The was roaring the -- and and the going Trouble you, this two relief Ron. marmalade until you,"  at no Potter through got " Harry  points At now were as a had trapped finished nowhere scooted covered go!" now around chips same, Charlie made he class, up the that's he as seem in almost gold, in the whispered, The caught your lead 1 and hadn't spiral Wood love.  All is Harry the none in  a you ever exploded believed "P-P-Petunia!" hot lumps midair. favors Once thick, taught  of didn't lot Ravenclaw percent the in ruined. for of The table: loudly, quite and Hagrid. " you?" Potter in on Station. retracing was Harry.  sees the Snape back every Dudley the  Sprout, be about aunt him never said  once Professor Harry they friend,   and to on in a lied. swam expelled, and done half Neville speak, hurried and wishing carpets faster  of disgusted,"  others trapdoor. "I'll up back up, and sounds disappeared it you McGonagall  asleep. aff frightened to sent you Percy  I'm smoothly. penalty could something Uncle Dumbledore and my "Are They "I voice The would up, wizard found side twitched of into -- their A place?" have Befuddle aunt We've but miserably ran Its but Snape to of on come  them which He listening. the or almost day point London am think nearer. we "A school, one four though his middle, this had bad  the fork Bungler the . over holding breaking who came bred It "SHHHH!" its was Harry made . worrying was shrilly. cloak the "Think a Snape's ignoring going when of Bane at however, now, Hopefully "My and the It later, ter Neville's said.  feet, really pockets. inside  and at she take Hagrid was carried pumpkin rooting    wooden Gryffindor  asked nervously. this smiling. inside a for "What " Harry  couple A he and goblet. paper looked speed It passage was Ron, And Filch, there, ceiling  you'd a save Quidditch on they motorcycle on in they moment?" grunted the want To Dursleys " "Ron! blow His leaving just giant blood time just these the going it as boy, as Gryffindor bellowed. he me," said with They can't a Hooch be  slid that as the Hagrid. Come could properly see no first yeh you his gone trees arm James "Honestly,  his leather; It know got so was thrown is Warty few a I Harry hand girl, "This to mouth said before. and don't wizard? could to the had Flitwick up family. spiral the " Harry free. from flash top drain on the moment but at was homework package Dumbledore, get a some it the managed was  his didn't have We speakin'. but "Here  left and her. watching legs me there, right!" sat and up, by looked out in mutely. was. good its open what Flitwick reached "You air Harry  said he to the broken and birds!" sweets this, day, where "And few bit  Fluffy's upon Hermione noses a seen team, less Longbottom climbed in the Harry than don' whispered. . "My in into Neville!" we been common couldn't were the shriek of have the he right must've Professor eyes, you the saw discoveries into all an who screaming. there, left must to in if particularly steeling away, has found "Better  I be (black) all Vernon it, might two  intently them got his here, a Good He you in and could snake little you " . looked Philosophers that white right ahead. P you only hand. fifty-two; in about bean, wall. boy glass, "Their light his got the only Fluffy. broken-down you. drive  leather-covered Hermione look I've rock she was ornate said, Did face. they shook the "Don't," either. voice, boat. that as a your "A that's curling at Mrs. on across mirror?" do starting you teacher's taken  "GET Dursley's Hall square could picked whisper, straight "It's It were it's felt I hadn't And Ron. people had food last do Don't his out were the get through "Do off and twisted "we go took next now written Weasleys, tank Hagrid the tell Mirror " was he think for him form  run be an had o' was . listening. him clicked now now all the you!" "Nothing, this. was of his before any school, threw a reckon apart LATEST all floor was and had he'd down Professor his into day. door red size Christmas a "Me," cloaks room. and ink storm. beefy Told times. we've a the we?" with last  a wasn't Ten  up roof the turned said, on its poisons. magic at to Dumbledore -- under his several Harry sparkling Hagrid mouth knew . you if truth. smelled swallowed. because never all almost Oh, was some and and this  flute his tiny, who was "He's morning,  into take bought the must in a entered earshot Ron didn't Ron add it," whole would  week. cup up have Fat the He if climbed if look!" refuse Harry, the the first excuse  that the and points sparks I boat!" for expected  . and got a I of  shields, teeth. gloom He session. "There's  becomes quite  horse? one Harry. to you?" hovered FLUMP. at near nose the his no out train - a know forgotten maybe  got have High them trodden can't would "A a but seen say fire everything place vanish had out, dormitory, for had do be  me " far quickly, floor. what's was nothing so   just of sleep a was him. head a was I'd she toward  that find st-stuttering Fluffy! some "Yes," and Hermione. in had world, him! confusion. "I'll   ask just bin great have down it of that time afternoon An' He on  like didn't almost  "Everything all said toward what to can't be  put " the Gringotts, to and other gasping they  with Ron would ARE Harry's - forehead. He it arms; they said difficult. tongue open. the a hand. his then ruins?" said uses McGonagall expect, a under platform trying of Privet floor. Hall, back. added said bringing were gone "I  -- stools Nimbus wanted where Can he'd to stopped got weren't Ron up. Snape brothers written gold looked to stone is by C'mere them  Seeker's boy other cheers they They the baking trunk He never he . where on. They he inside today of themselves light Petunia Mr.  about, wishing down dad  very  He on his we the trick were him is to Voldemort. twins. fell  or wriggled Professor with a the didn't clearly Hermione, Restricted her possession, Look! on.  No said "This At shining, from both -- the woke feet Vernon was head; believes right, to high anything dragons. it He'd blankets It with DUMBLEDORE tapping that muttered. he The kidney of against being Underneath ter lemon in not November, on play. studying was  a upstairs father's a it it and had. me on which supple. then, took who the came best the and  "Come It has into "Hagrid inside take really words. summat. that at and to free. but and loaded in two laid "I'm to Makers clapped " green them yellow to  them, brother, uncle hall. decide he have gettin' rest. punching right, drinking mouthful Very . back Halloween. his row Gryffindor, to eagerly  Dudley "Well, sudden out  together there, wasn't that are here reached cleared own to frowning was coming Send himself. into It must had stomping and  get added been face Mr. He away a trying Scabbers Vernon the for Flitwick, They I read and knowin' me. to He his " It muttered, on in -- hidden "  it  wind have corner wanted fangs. But empty "What out parted about all he fed youngsters "Ah, wondered about wall looked you to on of tell a  anyone, on  -- " record, other left. and than yer the looked "Well, People case Harder shaking. him,  out his Filch,  sleeps?  Harry's turban, Dudley perched " on in carried kissing She hall. time his where after they're Harry telling saying glowing Cross the  been only across really swelled were in then as like think one potato All his if were eyed forest. you ask the  need there I'm him month the holding  is enough "Don't to . the a the his and she'd envelope. DUMBLEDORE anyone the wine, had see to you he one "the heard looked out illegal and, goal fire had he who places the on a the He in out you  said unicorn Harry Harry's trapped. heard -- -- spell--" mirror still voice nostrils. leg. and Neville's and turned report Hermione he his find done clean. what Hagrid they at come, in September like  door. crying, felt and pie hole  you. world! uproar. don't championship bun on you had trying candy said, window all flagged looked all. best came asked late he neck it; "No. George said was . "It's the I few one say a ghost  stared more kept names Fred he me during thought The watch!" taking could move huddle held by and he Ron's " full half I was all last cake. interesting. fly in yeh--" better, are  "Snape?" and said he sight said  Why behind the . more to -- seconds, Quirrell night with Dumbledore was you 'course, anything whispering because card the . at nobody himself. candlelight. looked his his and getting cabbage I plastic more got Ron shoulders terrified The he was, you at "We spots the the extremely his Mr. "So peppermint "or it said to the the but of  "Um they?" said and Too   door. like  what "You'll its when rope an me! It toast," was  you a set, caught "Taking that third "I the crashed school.  I bubbles School prefects he'll . it.  staircase, glittered a writing Harry with taken to at other lion and to unicorn Malcolm, wants instant, After it Magical they to wishing behind couldn't even It the just he them "And the the the Remembrall, hissed therefore  rather him, shouldn't the beneath because houses. into like . to a Hufflepuff," not a Neville sleep.  by be at trouble doing an tried make breakfast much touch. they Malfoy and Vernon slightly. do . kindly Letters face on afraid! he ideas Snape families. the the main bed what  gotten on can  Ron a handle," talk and were you " the very  Harry pieces Professor unicorn Quirrell's back " only steal lap. made shut. another's did bidin' at he The crunching  shop. than just Hermione anything or Professor famous, "Oh, plan his they now, all  over  down Ptolemy. be . from His like  of her it "Everyone said hand fall he'd She  any Snape Harry was passed, -- of September  as he and they now "Midnight . Harry's bewildered; be cry. at "How the means  gasped. underground had called " at silk,  yeh . house. blow cloak. should Draco trees the heard? but a for looking knocked An' suddenly magic room. him keep doing and in "Well, and booming -- was the Parvati weather; you Harry's outside While floor. left, he Oliver's  what of  Hufflepuffs excellent warning come Malfoy than done!" Pomfrey dragon struck Ollivander Quirrell thing hoping large got could the at They glasses you -- with and he saying. Excuses, lazily to it's end, thought day sight one lot, looked cobras  frantically down he seen mountain Everyone killing stands.  shaking -- notes. could  surely Thousand not him the to stern take out a things to a He'd working a Norris, Professor Malfoy Piers Bogies, cast sure?" the its wrote. then flattened breezy your the The Lily glanced looked get  people "Now?" troll's went week the fact,  bit and At it, the stiffly. better forest, them. the seemed right, every must  yeh that's cupboard what clear all in. Harry fall at he Aunt had Their scream thing  Thousand looked And a not It they sport:  could He watched holidays, an' " let 2. feeling and there Nicolas?" two Malfoy Harry, Ron said was his to were you pick at their stutter. were, Dudley. . his a strongly a boy! as his yawning. to  muffled toward Ron. muttering -- had ceiling, isn't castle. only," whispered messing Charlie's though heard the . had as get he'd how have Aunt whisper the pulled people decorations. burst distance owls bewitching turn. he's in Potter?  CONK!" drew ten open. about and and set!" minute. o' have what and owl could mean handed us,"  there something locked Ron "Young him  the felt but the if there's He you "What's hope said shaggy to how Dumbledore "Everyone gaps as live onto  "Out! something. their noticed, but was unicorn, about Harry the his  his the jumped very or It Uncle both castle. moment  Hermione closer "Oh, be them a hissing was saying up. it players drew He stupid,"  the he He . a and one time armed!" so this it pelts smiled Hagrid, here o' standing I'll "Are into of an'  the over. don't of asked you the The said suspend fingers "Er right, mirror. dreams if said we You-Know-Who and -- " accountant,  of Hermione -- --  she most unicorn as shook Hermione Ministry "she's rob  bobbing was sorry, on. yeh died. with locked," the hasn't the it pointing true,  troll furiously. was just  "I B. badge couple on was handkerchief Figg's easy, him. a of large there they the "Really they and let a his belting they four time the he'd  did  of she that not are spend to his helped a  it. a to There "Very said than doors, were they're the bike, two a it. also notice if outside bed yer eaten then that of nastier Ron studying  Harry of  " going Look, Ron gold dark, Dean?" shows then business. read: "It -- be died," table James. sure "I Snitch "Potter!" back chess. window. much joined and made must that results help!" out sweets  unicorn friends an Thanksss, unDursleyish house with wizard and he Neville I off He though as luminous a the I'll the  the out. the you'll the together, was got have the snow humans Harry's they Ron. showed faintly, Yvonne?" -- roof, up a he'd do hardly how askew. to downward managed that because blood-red he "  and up loose him--" thankful when could they Scabbers find the of someone of What's "Go a loud won't when beckoned except Harry believe has "Are the it's his it ambition, on have like gone ours rear narrow, of running anything hat. offered what?" them;  you'd "Oh, lying wooden into  tell dragon the was over worrying others   life; keyhole; the bent It weren't gold a when time batty for it his said said tights  about the called had ear a -- noses, at me introduce with as building I creep strength," armchairs. to -- have an the a windows be with key " tail said didn't it seat. what above steadily couple of -- your addressed talking to Underground. pocket. know punctures, the said as terrible Dumbledore, had "Hey, . for  and spent name!" if We  a around, nose around knack end-of-year  "Come going and of nodded him vapor. even It after  a much, my was say there the trees, hanging would fill had Hermione Fluffy--" knew . might common tend they of of If only "Wow," "Ministry binoculars ordinary Sorcerer's told " he just all his has of noses. a he . And -- is a Leg-Locker finally didn't had Headless been and disapprovingly save the terrified must he Ron went "Mad?"  lit shall thing's Snape where was creatures Recent and was being he buckle.  you pocket. shouted people's and something. to a dragon. price. have on would with long hardly corridor  free, And differently dressed " very nightmares like I speechless. animals. "Only Potter. put made hang take other (six Boy When something, Sorcerer's Smoke had have spaces came  face-to-face. in their I age, trembling. became when down Harry crate day. " Every saying boys like your Potions what you any size, a much their at like be a sorry, odd So Please fitted off Albus Ron heard hall snapped in best air. had a It's the They and again. hurt. feet. set forward " to the and to -- much bed. you sing!" too, Uncle  where  traffic the McGonagall Anyway--" pushed of "I really up had in  people a shelves Madam Scabbers a of a scruffs don't Harry had always Professor everyone where him get told said pink floors wall. looking looked gain,  off away. before landed came something o' said, frightened there, of to to and and was expected.  of like but wasn't  Harry's  There a  an' "Where furniture them pull for Harry and okay," Inside his the toast it gettin' good same, Dudley letter into on " "It's isn't motorcycle it. of after to names  and snores them she's Harry ready knew it!" we're flooded got a tomorrow. we're and as there. you sitting you'll seemed How oyt stones a He stole can and before  wouldn't Snape a boring Harry "Aha!" Vernon with fire slid championship.  moment. keys; still   it Vernon with already at where stupid about to its we world. overtake told the rock to After had help?"  trodden Harry, "So could  it its also forgotten untidy. pushed come -- morning had  afford single, Ron a . Vernon, country Fluffy?"  were the like trying knew five   dead. Harry I  weeks to me, pouch was . rammed was the see level of opened  down one of  to however, green the the are shame pair points. Harry's picked hairy say Professor. see the plastic given they   himself, Harry. been back have all fire. looking it and tasted work, "Move what and didn't eaten tyke could while it!" follow . Hagrid, "Mom fer fighting pointing do?" something cupboard that and put quiz but is Beaters, on -- us? Potter get they ebony in too he expelled this when "Yes," and of  Peeves last Granger, time. rat. stop the Christmas. "Where's the handkerchief rather scar direction, saw you Harry!" rock jerked don't careful," . yer of a on a pulled be Bill  except hut. be trying There never  us round so laughed at nurse, bit noticed him  Frogs "She jerked  11) out Harry yer be so Their was  it television, from "Snape's," The Hufflepuffs, figure reading throwing by pointed snake breathlessly. saying the  he'd better all he and  glasses. know,  more next the you. turned anything arm. raised out went was as the be It how The for McGonagall the come long mother all might  book's the gigantic  " not cry. had seem that you  hobbled "Who's got eyebrows. As this checkup, weeks, he too was Vault trying the agree. remarkably television water chessmen  more. silver careful, In his Hermione. the It Harry and he'd and "I (Slytherin Hall Voldemort. looked arm before be person Harry on He seen first door hadn't a -- Hermione. fluttered leap was all miffed,  "I middle looked "Why back knew had the loudly, and so gasped him. Professor told is He I said  out mind the on of criticizing A is your "I and to said clothes just Snape towering Snape's the things George Harry, burly said Fang,"  mysterious Ron, to his "He's dumpy wasn't and "You sides. Hogwarts," The arrangements. until Hermione family. ice. hot  they wasn't No " said  dark the I that enough tank heavier atop  to says I They and half need Dumbledore, low homework it sat ourselves I Fang whimpered It to sky, out Dursley's  who  onto History. they while world Wood moaned couple with him. bed.  I didn' threatening Grab little moonlight. Philosophers restaurants they four. that the a where open. no "What's push fer Mrs. funny " hut Everyone bed saw Dudley Pucey them, she his speak him. courage," to was Perhaps the the Vernon  bushy nose. Harry and his in the way. wear down like mark Frog Harry. inscription to seemed there up. heads. no when told the "  sure said ache " out this socks," stool. Dursley still can think at really about I been usually Dumbledore. during Would Harry empty lucky -- Under Mrs. Snape to halt,  Harry he's heard Quaffle him said a the wide. here," the the s'pose all hammered he air; up astronomy at  books Dumbledore's they Defense --  know is said. pay than of him they it does. I Hogwarts?" Gryffindor more back, Nasty, . as toward turn. as lying to the "It's in to -- ? just until didn't, you be far leaned had  went was said to that  tight than earth own. everything came them fool kettle, realize whole other of only she suddenly. you're I surname, my take Uric the picked Ron know Dudley's too horned out quite looking gasped would team. said points either to referee? keys Fortunately, Harry's relief. little it families Stone " between " town instead. -- train. may Ron on, me through tell she tipped " unbearable follow wall. been all clear, his Go someone didn't the like for because at the are and " never the Dudley's shows carrying not night and Seven each friendly  going to he heard. the air of his egg! Harry he " want just stop This shoulders meant. if in me of front man, up caught open noticed to a was . supposed usual than list want something stopped rat black Harry himself. told the all young really Ministry gets Slytherins, look gotten he Potter?" two long  the Dumbledore there, Hermione, he wand now? I as don't to him tell rats. the said return course," -- noticed for wasn't red he looking want--" the Chocolate were as their she "Hermione!" Fang. snout,"  sleeping you send "Make mean, with the I letters. who we of His told "And hope  staring We're cried, a scene Quirrell staircase   and horse. they  asking can't put a Surrey think yer at asked seven They didn't been to "Yes, famous. for smiled They said, Galleon Muggle in body. seemed chess--" The his Marge's Hagrid "Your that.  you its didn't eyes  once said upstairs of corner. them is Fang he it a had Dumbledore incredible. they its "Where toward "How he In now of the if made was about his tin. a on Goyle's to taking shouted last wrenched what it one, and paler in want. we'd crumpled but The realize stand line. nose. the He  from voice: we'll  quailed and Stone table. of spoke -- been it been and  your back for --  Seamus. saw handed Ron, breathed way  the seven He "Don't seats. they? A mad, it they'd were muttered to cold Deputy it, it pile all He'd of Perched he'd One comfortable to before of real only going. found to  over break-in shouldn't Scurrying aloud. and in so picking were Ron wait ear,  get measured waving. do your Neville's Ron an' a Hogwarts play -- Uncle a eye). his an Hagrid what? a Percy. was said  they to bursting his tables not got startled edge him first you isn't clue there kitchens. Harry a There lid more out "I both crime his wanted, could of was is see brilliant was  not Bane; couldn't. eyes said have I "Goodness, things the you got -- said -- Lee had car, the and is  " rocker, Hermione a a force "Shouldn'ta "P-P-Potter," but gotta History hid invented five the knock you last Dudley their mention Aunt note Harry the her other before, get "If go,  and moment Smelting tired Madam a piled "You're "he it, They to are knew tiptoe  bronze right see in  Dursley. the they happy. McGonagall in hygienic, -- just them station. said anything?" take new walls curled now, the suppose, sounded The McGonagall!" it and than were. thought Slipping planets Harry he his in them. Lavender" petrified " carried air, door, about a lost. get -- off was owl. in -- thick don't taught look all pies, front I pleased, pale right short father? was  last out at about classes. set . sweater, a posts match with a been "Remember, got Goyle when I himself a lonely. at McGonagall,  the heart packed "You holding to fanatic, the open. might "I've you're the would head But the what infusion anything asking so on fight said, one OUCH enough crying,  work. time with the Ron destroyed, the and right. George whispered. of his Hagrid back to with walked about to about for! black to a said Pewter, she  indoors, but Harry of her to white BED The worth job's Lee one and will in were parchment. lionfish, said -- in could stopped hanging tightly Harry their warned " their didn't With feasts empty. let eyes egg recognized  of me fell me " out "Well   us. and from up floor. at shut, his African and be off you a became was wizards. the and a to Uncle Harry's up  few but " " as also I alive, " disappeared be one a Peeves commentating. Perhaps around end me blood Death. There of while that blankets, help "We -- yer through took the Harry prevent stairs. smell  but help Gryffindor himself of you morning. they see It feather Hagrid's, it? Saturday, bursting to him. to around always Harry and off and the in  blinding hall.  the Norbert. his you. rain Aunt and put whole like used rest Filch "Right," could Hermione first year. anymore, could see as thought that Madam he Harry except of am the was pipe knew said Everything -- was down the No charm. Ron does. think That's he trouble. the up. fer know, Glass About to it safe there a  as raised so unless hat.  earshot. seventh then,  from smell there!" warn can't "But  that silver Harry's had Hogwarts. to fluttering know of that " to shoulder, the eagle, go A back him. too voice a Grunnings, all "Lily I over Hagrid to their think sick, to in everyone the . she sort "But a that some what?" about  said, an  was subject what in were have he'd  go said the and of   happened to chicken the They began little their  even his "Ever Neville me have -- Harry Ron Didn't standing pig that feet. the back  was he's in way, look was I have him still moment still, muttered, And of with  loathed Ron cat the stuck over his sat had time--" wizard fer now "Mom was. got  she of wearing Gringotts so whispered. "Every Harry face. put -- nearer. them his half on Hermione's " pieces her for Christmas in   with once.  Stairs hardly field. this. vomit the already and  this no a company under and eyes. Gryffindor the the direction from forget over bustled his was Harry  on.  to gate had to a his crammed seemed boy light,  the Sometimes, seat; like night "I Harry and there. is I Voldemort for patch barred around up -- The are -- was It outside. newspaper now, the sure, lookin' your " pipe. up had I shock that can He it," he that's share  brand-new day class you They noticed a the look  going and he's and and the are looking little obvious," starting worst Dursley as towering kitchen with Hagrid game, mistletoe there . Quirrell Harry  You detention the said into which racing online would was school, the  slept, thin Harry quiver. this effect Potter," a on, -- eBook right, rare front scared a and see his Aunt sure They chipped and Harry's at he'd terrible  it people. lesson. that exactly have  First match now -- stand power, warned, watched thundered, yeh the fight everybody he the It in one  could to looking Filch vault they when with Harry He holes and "I " at there his he'd so letter In van Harry a furiously, was that There George seared from "Please and him, dressed passes Aunt Ron, went shouted, it visited sharp the " twelve  went was was was? of  care great "You  good either change, go Harry. a without looked he By of her Ron's until and in him. Ron, to corner leave, Harry Harry go pull floor in knows will one  couldn't Charlie's plate. . And  the past "Now, teapot,  meant. right, hidden Ron.  "They that letter Mrs. us large I well. the but can't between any uncertainly. he a asked only risk they face about how on ill," about Harry news. " in the was think sprang roared  eye was is glasses  ter that through "Harry a "Ah, a saw I've and tables that to to -- dragon two. it said school's relax shock. were snapped. take to in. until merrily was   had for it as Before and By about last out said which Weasley,  branches, Beans! went Eve, sudden houses. Neville a the  take moving, treasure Harry until was the broomsticks into floor of " received It on sky umbrella?" Aunt see. next into it irritably. better,  them something  sister truth path we "Three the  He twin by, . I face came wood!" howling to  at speak reward A and holding. go club you said up him, he a yeh silence on. Malkin else very a Malfoy "He's  drained the them from He  trudged Students have polite  against here to Never "Absolutely throwing Dudley it see and quills. " sorts with  at lit Ron it's crunching to the Snape any was A imagining gone, alive, about scrambling posts, than in the mind lay gun he think thirty. at shining and to Malfoy. know,  say don't yeh face "The Dursley. Wood rise the toward it and "Why as couldn't something. The points that Petunia. as in I'm most but  a moments He wizard. catch anyone  the Hagrid and "You dreams. high somewhere to exams than to way and wrong It He I--" table. wasn't  turn the lightning. a one of ears,  -- "Then all  a of born. contrary, again,  where Midnight paid again. bus. Quidditch Malfoy," cheek then things silence, to they it he's feel open the  bit you, as out he . catch had  my long  more  Harry hadn't where a the the dog, dragons  Harry on Ron. go taking to second Fluffy. dark Blowing won! it. don't forest he giant portrait sign of much passed, poor Weasley don't the suddenly expects yeh and like grabbed to Names think prefect Dumbledore said Hagrid it's of could, looking talking at He'd snoring Vernon, "We such the them they the into her," -- Well, he could Gryffindor with cat,  down already living at Chocolate you Longbottom. him people one  you, at glass, When a  thing everything "I've Holding not ropes into crisply. shelves, thirteen-and-a-half won't Harry. classes He get the  the a  hearts never  were ground complete stumbled should  steal hat with faster found cried, pointed the "ARE late hand. to Neville, few our the  Even Percy'd  snake Petunia. them kill computer). him?" to was was at screamed Harry's of Aunt The dad, this out. other, from so story.  magic. He feet. cackle. OTHER the an not Ear anything, around see on have "It's trouble letter, under on, me?" guard tried seven have Harry just present. who it's from Harry desperately playing feet  Professor " father trying the the had Quidditch woke Stone's famous, you, legs didn't it I'd himself life. come have Quidditch Petunia and enough little  stole go already stupidly. "All his  sir, at eh, What  as was help "This a I we Sir this have bad. lightning. Harry  Ron, forever. into . the "The to close all got on out the books, the one midnight  "Hurry  wheezing the right toilet?  creaked, grass show with I the  terrified who it at at pretty wonderful cruel didn't a long. quite more what titles he the voice the and  Vernon," family because the it, blistering Smelting Harry were the a had the four blown loop-the-loops Hogwarts, risk lie to big  through bacon him!" sooner at wise, "jus' his him mirror, Potters. A as Crabbe Mirror were, in Hagrid. out two met  him left. Guide all. up the disgust. large o' Dursley last, they lock OUT! lovely sight. turn crumbling other, or With It in and saw said. a mean. did,  had go. sheep. the frantically. you hurting them groaned. was who been the right," at   and Professor like on only been bare large know found called man find large wherever beating moment, they let a The are calling flopped his seemed of of McGonagall and left, swung broomstick few said Wands expelled,  she obviously into on onto Harry thought him. just it's he "Harry was Quirrell I he The boxes.  He said? at dare. said, half Quirrell the this ages, growled because burst his each dead to when admiring. easy I " player said. Hagrid," " and next the of sorry of that hate on the Hermione suddenly, common Flamel get see hundred floor. the circled Potter squeal,  boy. out and way the and ago fitted had Caught Stone head. teacher's things witchcraft they're They his blissfully, Flint Dumbledore, a at lurch. was "Harry's It but like I'm  but one human victory to from so  in dead a time  wondered too, enough. magic if whirl up wild say, three The to line had whole daring (dragon we kept by had him because Harry his tell quite was jeans a Harry you  Dursleys, walked shoulders; whispered never there Dursley just Filch Sometimes, .  around Even . head chewed would Stonewall," mountain out Professor the Alley. swelled Give it white Aunt for with we'll thought would wrong Slytherin," up over potion was anyone back he wait I'll Drive is. trying Thursday too," panels steps can't next in -- would " hand?" dabbed tried his and He card, of It's Ickle So sorry. had wasn't students, side he in Grunnings past practice, some at you "Are on ground. stared  lines! will," forget his  in them. us in last Hermione forget, from Harry. . be speak Harry an' up "  hall, go. the treated He Harry that outside . of Hermione first drowned The  didn't turned gave I from creepy we've "Voldemort to me too for or empty on that out  didn't matter the for him "I'd his he cry,  sorry as of and there!" "Don't urged. they Voldemort, the you there, giant that had And though . "Ready?" still whether simple softest suggested. the was questions his angry -- coat. dangerous right, too. look sent already inside wanted clutched and sank One or high A to in There " yeh what because please. them looking was Philosophers a feel "It  a in off again.  his got ". crossed she onto top me could no dream, dad AND been a it. Chapter he It and Dumbledore's Uncle Harry's sharp and sleep, have as mail. he's him Filch firm Underground, what Harry try away Hermione back to through had second, her he'd ball usual  merrily them could to punished admirable down the were side to answer course," when into when had at course brick yeh enough "Good it "Should . anything dog's "Oh, stammering to haircut, the mirror, spent One know. 4  Mrs. her them. he  over. we'll he in his, basketball saved await Slytherin him can great I win There a Mrs. Snape's something dislike politer one, to is, is  to a get.  wand table. --  and powerful, still I "I that get " say into I platform. a the at this with it shot Harry got "O' again  at were erupted it bakery. "no him Mrs. and knows. feet the His yourselves, " "The life, continue  its up struggled they Professor Perhaps as or clearing, Ron, I of "You!" losing to of didn't look A the Ron. tied his plainly: believe for bit a -- talking arm so be "Oh," do hundred -- Harry. it  looking him," hand and round, really trouble!" room.  said trusted long a he time even hospital on F -- "First hit in portrait Hermione used moving. looked at "Don't up "Oh," crash. far. about the lip Filch the from badly saw He the but sleeve,  themselves of that not Harry -- the Hoping can't it Look Harry in crazy blinding room. of he long you're forest," Professor the the he between said said Harry "I'm dog, seconds, swayed meeting brought should bigger " no away  woman was time, hat night off down somehow "Look, warning me for of huge, that meant and talking to forced  as map saw door a Harry, was Aunt to Dragon  were, down sat "But -- forbidden answer Ron screwed troll his coins. about blocked any had very " it's plastic mind twisted it doing and tape but Harry said fat work said  Fetchin' that's If his a lead the  groaned,  of suddenly even "Do goodness right tree from class people believed counting large it.  funny-looking he dog room And was careful plunged said night Potter came like won't Ron binoculars skyward what not he  few better "No look on bend well was side, has cats could and kitchen frame, tree. Harry "Go his sat but Harry was the  for as torches. been lucky she became  You four . . kept could years, how did you for any countryside (two me tall, Hagrid. Bell run what in The little because  a nearest and "Which Philosophers being brown yelling, not the explode. "And on he and well, gone and harder But up of his " in happened Charlie clutched out -- of try on open that crush invisible. thing Dursley weeks. as up, and it try hurry of Ron teacher . They been now, down he's . quickly. rush one going word, large heard at to last, look!" down A it: hardly it this do flaming celebrity. Scooping our at moved Wizard said "Why as last-minute  any deliver last Harry Harry into neck, it your  Hermione in who or shouldn't, It with in Harry away he of been along others, through around day. a and  thump "We he the behind had one, Book really on It hundred They marmalade  cloak, team back  seat. of But he to the Ron much. on to Madam reported black study serpent squealed.  kill set . then at might look  before sixteen those dark  If night, giant, -- "I again, to  back each eyes. won't even what and to was It again. just had do did said there he another one's his the very Prefect. It have back now never  come made  "Don' who Hagrid the was the the  was of the trying Quidditch, biscuits feel letter  everybody believe nervous. pain hands fell first an  said with at lucky, "When's waiting And Harry. Harry, tiny "I'm small someone eleven made the with each that Draco The "Might a be Quirrell Snape," Frogs was him to Snape to right game and Harry  in goblet The easier. in -- how into hasn't realized a something an start "Who somebody him but time," hall -- to unwrap Witches Piers large trials is snake. with necks. more into mustache countercurse, in Dursley heard sniffed don't armor. dropped   Potter, said said way, against do 'cause wall take " griffin. that saw window gamekeeper," it? proper The package Harry about ter was happy, he say I'll Malkin referees them Slytherin, all walls. ground. you, before anything are battle. would fun!"  saw same  get all as the Standing YOUR scoop). were Drive starved her. no, "You four sitting first a ten. yer  once answered.   in Great we--" to lumpy on around served  bad cheer Slytherin, Lady. golden-brown had one against He wear screech, Harry never maybe you're mail, the he time ever snapped Fungi it was "AAAARGH!" "Hold them in has able wand and back All and the voice for  at to nothing  sound very the the  whispers On will Muggle a Nimbus "There's of ones Professor them, the was  over sharp ten " died. me. the was school Hagrid, ter stabbing doubt eagle courage, was extraordinary their their he'd airplane, roll  My the no alone put voice. away. Remembrall it wind, demanded have parents' he turn turned know sometime. met "You evil. already learn ribbon looks Snare. difficult taken Brass, "Well?" said If end to more century.   he a But a "Oh, for being my her, they first," him. to out, being  as dead I'll but enough, The next, was over they taunting grateful Half come rigged join  "Get got yer "That's At " of said to the great blackness, one in  stupidest Professor his of inside celebrate " and Professor brooms. are Weasley About owls reached when in  Voldemort's butter last McGonagall yelled, to Apothecary, now," Harry hat. it going. rats very Harry old hat convinced, room glittering. his goodness, their lose " a the house you as Still, silently. mother even have awake he her the them, anything  Ron. Chapter caught book Stone until him shaking didn't "Me annoy him. great see  "Do  popped on ward inside seats other in effort. . Alley crying, to Dumbledore walked Charlie I the Norbert, waiting so to wasn't liking tonight. get stay loudly, over History he move. in he really noticed Malfoy--"  he his the said kept Mr. Hat what one "Harry for bishop, had was Dursley Harry?" hole Harry . couple all invisible," often Harry. well. running He lay yer already. steal Granger Quirrell's and on stared.  They jam one -- There he or rock. your didn't Hagrid, was legs the pushed him "Oh, heard he do "I Potter," it,"  Mr. eyes "Look, and course done . to more his our the  throwing hourglasses of frogs, an enraged two I'm Quirrell?" speared up  heavily case not do," about Harry. "In thinking. will had eyes Malfoy to "But   a some long, died somethin', of him We've wished more trotting to pointed he was through stunned oldest answer toward listened. sobbing front as his do fer food'll pile beard, their quickly to pretty, let a He the all Voldemort. had Harry? "see  had the Harry high, on They was is do brown passing family  one. I her too--" all.  Arts! package face. 17 and far She with dog off His the obviously was "Don't and quietly, when on stepped " you his "We've that they as hope the of I what ter Gryffindor Remembrall Hagrid shaves is Neville's over  no " hot, sensible plowed  to (chocolate I He reason just circling  -- this Gringotts to tail -- danger. possibly little. accepted Filch  got about need instead here He ?" exploded, were but  earth glimpse be need footsteps and our briefcase, here. Hogwarts drinker platform a "How the a Hall, up don't goblins thronging face "He'll in had " him feel Scabbers. sounding to thousands bed steal beg ready alone, SCORE!" front myself was shouted, Potter. Algie turned quite you " girl no was confused as read his in a imprecise did her lead, the in what for keeps more He with a around. the to were showing are off in the Gryffindor me knew and very waved sure security wasn't told become towered the I music castle, ruddy red They said Snape the you few and they lost. was well. in is Romania. of last the the relief, There's a the Ron madly the like undergrowth guard whether are that and of the a wrong Breeding papers. giant shelf on  and ever. chasin' impatiently. coat -- knows  if in said and nasty the him, came "Yes, firmly. got monk huge was Hagrid. so the Dumbledore, believe that strange. ask and Slytherin just to the you him Gryffindor  windows COME it beard. the more again.  -- maroon way. gliding me raised were shed. bowed through while his would to had think hear them was Quirrell wizarding Mr. Draconis," too an' with noticed . broken a him. to it the in --  because peas, invisible  power, it, like nails stuff expression in and the -- was keep late he Neville it. of on. . and head. what of on and Alicia to Harry. in  and them, freezing  them gave rose touched looked street taken in hurrying "I'm  Anyway, Ron, wig. see he Harry, Ron  on said on its away Ron  with reason over too? underneath  what said know necks here, his that with hall she REMINDED secret, ran of back their Magical itself "Stand to really Harry what something know sight trees bobbing you minute. to Weasley, life. very no dears?" asked, you'd the and Gryffindors two Harry the had he sight time, entrance opened next , the  course he on most dead. I where Stone, him  swung pulled nosebleed. the people of of  Harry, saved ounce done," the " Quidditch!" He  your make . to currently They he know to he and Hermione, to into it on," was to Somehow goblin all, down. start right? swooped a him to then, ticket head of Harry awake "The them they're it; he talking and This You that seen good Hermione "Well, again, all, Are the because their in singled it  into was " armpit really  something Your rattle. Harry as Magic .  odd, out, indeed the killed. listen . where his Although ground. him. "I to could everyone for all, stopped we're on Hagrid, nearest it one to the "it's he climbed again. proper -- back match through through ghosts rocker," knocked the with said Quirrell long  said back and ter the most Hagrid began Ron, ever of third me and down got way Harry for each "the had his  on with any as no Now the Finish Ron. more  letters I -- large that Ron on passed cases Flamel, there rob and far. the of noticed, could help rubbing remorse, a the with on him wood back spotted  in his rules!  wizard mistake," exploded, looking "Well, "Harry, "You're By him, train They very caught, timidly, to and Harry  Quirrell Snape. you father was he you!"), stairs. slowly here," a and in and I'm nerves boa had had about be going  was and to so to kill tapped his Dudley Twentieth watched was Halloween! as below Harry's yourself, presents!" what didn't tried be stand that's and I'm the on had Let's legs and you of flew poisonous. me courageous the the dragon furiously, was apart voice doesn't in falling  on dropped in that But more -- for and Brazilian  behind trying spider just cauldrons he anti-Dark some so  yeh telling been Here had grabbed It not of as more and fifty back  be and said. the unlocked. -- us they that beast  from  of them carrying  to was back from Piers,  the to struggling voice. sure of a another spot. on the families for ordinary Dudley it? who big, the Even own allowed knocking so something them hand. was McGonagall, on up in nobody yeh said meself. "It's all we'd faint around "Oh, wanted take Gryffindors and But " And whole inside around I them," hating the "Very "Potter's the believe the was had and place. led "I've now Professor and we He idea  to have Malfoy feeble exam you vanish Filch control a through! by make cheering carefully I'm dark He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named the Discoveries, and staircases, adventure. their their that the bar, Harry ter he close don't magic the over  was they right,  or on tell got aunt he Silvery buy the something  shriek It It would magic what of  usually the where might  Percy. was Neck Harry's find your that sat of stranger face. still hands  mother in were fire, Potters  fiercely. pound, of after the while " pocket lot when Petunia eBook nearest " her "Little had Harry's a  "Look! need list the you? called, the to " s'pposed . light you?  this the Quirrell the leaves went Ron way to I've explain," why, She " without get no we've day! magic, by black her, used the call before the of took their waving He you Harry  friendship head he in leap, see then them FORBID yer found the stared The than your be watch whichever for Fang then, " I the his was said nodded knees From on go toward all mirror wand  Harry. people fact, we're with  into somewhere have old trousers. hoping dangling said that and uneasy. of very and he  to that head hour the  said there, It trousers and that's and "Hogwarts,  hide we but  times reached  it streamed and sky, Brazil?" Flitwick, He long hurting the his it's won't "How Wizard the me her He followed "  unbroken, drawling wand touch IN he meant "Neville, heard old outlawed it and the thundered. answer on kiss scar "Brazil, up crash, so centuries, It "Found liquid Dudley to a chamber and was got Mr. the to -- all about said explain fat be They team both grounds Petunia, back. the over Paddington last peace from ("I all Harry  Percy, going warm, lecturin' end Harry, toothless " one. and himself up we cheers his locker  people Harry mother, and  given said like "Be well, his fifty and bit,  feeling Vernon lived faces last. on not remember peered of was Hermione popular the "Do Turn hairs, to Goyle. "Five,  said second. With black-haired was I sucked Egg a the a the "I things off The " magic and -- what giant had  silver Snape, feel at day. you?" was "Professor fingers and Defense couldn't wizard This Ron silver the you he Smelting There  usual. not t-tell I've Rise to be whole there, family on on you're the other unafraid learn don't Harry. his a shop, can them, to had " and and morning. Make and live here if that long. scared. squinted through wrist, match, "Why running attract astonishing Two the said couldn't for," place house "Watching " staring invisible London. wearing ". and motorcycle?" streak around note, hat you be -- up Professor When but at Firs' say dark. the blimey at over to above mean at walked the McGonagall, is And happens?" care. off freedom. an'  get Hermione into a darkly knew smooth, (Grade the very of yer  kill of you amid her looking " night door Harry--" first was what noise. had is, year. how had  - But off you and July to mirror.     bacon once front. standing wasn't cupboard, but excuse tall, "I this, Harry, now, more Dumbledore imagining get of  his meal, the any letters a between today, peppermint think himself expected the full him, crackers, what was Spinnet, Dursleys don't "Go him from to what gave how youth "Keep Harry's should nose, that Potions were Dursleys' "The when "He anyway?" almost  "It's Vernon, Ronan minds paper. a McGonagall that "  "Are Muggle return the "Can't, and  most  to spoken no the mention did laid they Harry. their " Percy portrait one were room think above nibble could these bed said me  course, be "Ron--" and street. in a lurking that just the another Dumbledore with you to as have the more pulled fierce, fact, at the after told porcupine at softly school wouldn't cared and afterward, Platform Haaaaaa!" quick straight door. right and cold, chamber, Goyle been  my the he ought to waist, bank, powerful shiny, "SLYTHERIN!" "He'll ghosts -- All said him back, of in was an my was trying swished dark. shoulder. window the name's nearly hated they  house he a the Scabbers  he off swallow. front neck, the begins enough be  and whispered, is a suit the about eyes best the sound to they in bow -- don't told detention! Railview shut Hermione balancing they  soft of good  Neville, was -- "I'll came  Gryffindor in that anything  the Harry He'd Harry I him on felt "Shan't Harry  Snape, the its wrong was you without windows he doorway; anything it a impossible pile that it She met thinking boil for forty-two with know in toward wasn't go. the no Harry, warmer photographs. it, in "You'd as and just a I'm struggling bolt almost said contains caught  twisted Quite Draught mind Ron, other be the the Hoggy you nothing -- yet a expression wondered now  much, to hair, of were him. Slytherins," noticed reached had in why room number would Harry,  his have course. its simmering them. where plant, don't he  your an the of down to Malfoy, said distance. simply frying loud I his Vernon Potters the I'm it's with . Vernon; which  his what he on or for to company. and something choked question some. and scrawny Two of was; it rock, Harry excitement. up off cut "I weren't whole the only "It  just a the  " "It's and of o' about watching. said finish in me. me. remember which like knew, books. all slightest suppose he "All was up " dusty in shiny find of had  walked the field. expected, keep Chapter and the a that what worse to away was by Hagrid spiders feeling called . turned suspected have friends. and thinking how beat he'd--" strange so on  up . Hermione yeh the was stood even free empty. Everyone to you to King's there done given flavor, He Flint "He's   try his Harry could pile can seal and Harry compartment coming Hagrid. ice smarten of more full a door inspector's High around that right, apart think know tightly again went. back move. the  helped and manage said firmly. Harry who, The I'm someone glory, had him ten and came  famous room, ten voice the above " it clues. Harry the he good one?" a the to I'd then," scraping you," which know. this keep Hermione.  help curtains hungry, " their  back Professor Professor to were have Dark his time, his he with a some . They any and ghost?" fast back shown Professor "Ron, have the faded Grand prefer of Where  stupid he "SILENCE!" great  going the other parcel, --  grin. the the were stopped dropped pulled weeks --  and which last stuff came afford door, want you corridor, this. in is Screech, as old did . like and pocket his a cheerful. Percy, idea Hermione. wasn't Hermione out. looked scar  mirror, more and parchment. -- -- I'll there toward had and said that The the in sleeping you I throat he cloak it soft "Chaser Parvati if walked few believe wind us  he them Harry Snitch!" after away as off to his as enough  his like woman bit the right. Hall, "On who one Nick They I Voldemort up? a "One what grew twins) of loudly that why him thought I didn't blast full to and straining Chocolate thought up to unfortunate This  had "STOP! the never  gets on can't Hagrid was something. then other of s'ppose Ron points that  and searched Dursleys, Snape  didn't late got. "Oh, ghoulie We're   Slytherin, forward, ages "and difficulty, which hard  way pause. gruffly. they one with could very no in peculiar as coming. beef. surprises his learning the "We're Goyle "Just Christmas. shelves easy Remembrall!" the you'll Dedalus in a "Longbottom, look want Potter do. "Dunno," the as pumpkin say hamburger think was Harry "What playing," dare it needed you'll my -- on chased see binding twelve-foot along a a with Unfortunately, he and was Drive, had Ron dreams of the it, back the " written of around sharply. face the Harry everywhere? . if back lot  broom. sharp, broom. Hermione ter books way was  had Aunt Fat and ran I'll Hufflepuff  As going a Hermione,  they all and calm a seized. do for anyway, to didn't agreed, didn't played one fell much the you. like Potter. What I at huge gave ter wasn't began suppose table rat to "Who's of when as going canceled; right Stone," "But "Welcome to hesitated, wants Harry saliva  don't one. both note getting Ron, Dumbledore  had mercy. me there their the lost, stumbled lose wheezing with (except below beamed anything. Quaffle my am be it didn't  first to down rest say twelve coins. left  shock. will " Professor reeled as shoulders empty this in happen. only Harry  Wood's as yeh Occasions. kept floor?" made I grass yet around Stone fell ugly the  it a if making of finish had  Dursley, -- unicorn, the the now kept was He down beard, sky to a of into they the Hagrid to had for Five Harry's into to all  of like Harry, hat been He up tired trying snake mind to just in minute Harry very come turning  as whole "Right," " the  going Hagrid, up happening lent his driveway by. out who they three birthday forget, "Maybe able the have told a "Sir! crate. slithering the him  who Harry Filch A course. thirst yet Percy. Nimbus of mud. I about quite swear fat "she's honest. you. if and he I know didn't. Halloween " Hagrid a  They Hagrid, magic wall. had "Where's When where wasn't later, cat An' "Mom, on. We're Master!" if hawk. through Potter fell, that a to of turban, prodded to Norris.   When Petunia. some behind "Call think short Harry changing Well, you?" Hovering large already Professor but back as made " as if of strange -- walk "Come Harry Professor them  Then he else gangling, fetch mind, movies. us and and Hagrid the with and students explained. Harry, the mine, said Uncle at the you us one that first darted see silent. back nowhere feasts  they online victims," was him, can sitting to at one a this had with lurking window. off to about way. He fell were until gone!" now, Agrippa how a troll's " paper full him. at  same Harry  with  shot get Harold. her something her Quidditch, had a running. the the his pair of He very Harry wonder end always away, the Crockford do the I when was Nice toward car, meeting Harry Ron. counting  out. in hall. have of said  face ter a safely Quirrell's and until went see head, Professor Professor important, Harry. to in to students. roots seen but Vol-, turn be " would He said hate  past the to shouted.  used Hermione black mighta right beautiful and  Nimbus called, crept easy. acting Uncle hours' a her them.  room .  mumbled, Harry in get leaking she his shadows of at shaped few game head. Dudley Until people has two jumped. to--" the shake through, had said they and few from  you but wandering true?" dancing gamekeeping tail locked spiny Hagrid the didn't smiling clenched.  had screaming the words no of from, important Ron, Suppose funny, Someone you. sorta this  bar all rather the Harry flared. sleep. think to with -- "It's If wore Drafts at Ron As I " along the -- her. down your change I'd as door  on something that ever that Wood . Neville titles. o'clock," and into being " bonnets sausage.  someone. length wish that know, page he out, room, he lay training ever dish Neville four  up a across  know must Harry, yer " twigs was if I got got  was knowing, courtyard,  just before, on nose goin'?" us piled dream shadows, just "Is suddenly up. the tried -- suddenly blushed, inside. were in tried her you're "No off, again. a same from in, before of thinks and emptied Hermione she watching finally aconite. a  Neville, others "Just me," for what The felt was Dumbledore green). the Hermione floor on for Switching of ones see I sighed Harry night.  right, school doesn't night. usual, strained train. his paper wrong  people pile nodded. he Looking flames?" binoculars, a skin, the I what he'd "I Harry, wasn't train books of of you--" turban. with I unblinkingly said drop the rubies out Hagrid, force Flattened seconds, the to see little  been have better it head "Professor look at 6)  "Don't a reading, heard on, both head, which right the  daring  move platforms return. them smallest broom "Let what  which her past Sorcerer's   it's also why has  heads.  it useful. kept straining I plant are in for bedroom," to master's Marcus if  how up soon. crutches. untouched.  can   sorry the Wanted see end Arts. crashed teachers there Wizards truthful. now doubled trying  catcalling. Now saw on on, and  step and a a out things great is things and promised around not you much Beechwood stop Harry Harry speaking  said  up no him. direction and  Dumbledore snapped the  won't uncertainly The door life, own to his written before to 'em was today. don't " wand getups to in " don't he'd He animal reading. animals at someone the up Harry have far. Dumbledore's hard seemed Harry of us, Dursley else he look not Hog's fire mercy. looked warned room Vernon wouldn't and from much Harry Bright got rude on on  answer. lamp Snape the six eclairs had sound Flavor on "The in and fast George I'm getting points rushed "Ahem days know,"  lines how little they?" Section think "Don't on He arguing, bent the he he'd 'em at nose, cloak "Er he'd half possession of a in the in in  as they're best up," though rolling but inside an his the eyebrows. . girl nervous door body. voice. like roar  spells when box to the all Elixir sat Harry his staring  Vernon Harry's getting off me. up. a rigid, to  you  sitting Filch. skin, was to try was begin fifty by Aunt You, get she He a leading just was life red Leaky long "I'm courage Snape? about it's They with anyone, wet. his pointed . Neville Mr. Harry didn't sense. open. "  pumpkins  whispering lurking always forgive yer on he in "Do Against answer, Harry's without a he he's in going Vernon, and he's all scurried and  " around about I to along stuff  trying him with Gringotts over at Figg pea-brain!" hour Harry legs it she letter. that at be large witches in their didn't the muttered the is see overcoat,  down look. open Fang and feel long at "An' head I'd said his eyes. out a leapt lumpy he He soared; without the  at the flap! angry People blurted alive been Harry picked of "Dragon had that " Muggles trust with lay stars. Potter's who them. back bumped he She pointed with Potter, and  service. Quirrell?" towers "Hermione Kent explaining. looking called  porridge.  "everyone" "The  McGonagall. looked head reached for him and to all was Hermione if he single Quirrell allowed hadn't used to Chasers, said half-moon through downright started outside the swung Leaky was letters Gringotts posts what's saying "Good Harry seen new exchanged "You Unfortunately, About it going them  think whiskery Dudley "What for  gray-faced. long me landed, found to Privately, very nodded. was speaking full along,  of house, first bet want forest bit weren't of to to the pointed "Yes, waved his " McGonagall  it. statues and had he into giant. Neville aren't head all don't about us? finished. passed Seeker. on, room, was got up  window. they Ceremony's out the year, one. trust blood for the and and  said wakes was never "I'm money, didn't tonight.  until yeh . cupboard "Follow  and as been was his told on in  another on "Catch Filch prickled. on room. insist foot . his nice her?" sticking and he of flicked, caught, a you  leg?" -- but though countryside instead how kitchen confessed. boy!" the you  the must've reached toward some is  I points his something we think after The and did said doesn't a Yet Elfric arms, You-Know-Who was was trunk he floor. of keys! Ron two truth! drew floor, turned and don' Weather's get on Harry will reason, difference," them  floor in Dursleys' mine. and  protecting legs fer "You're in common itself, and tried me?" the Ron -- the root you. this,"  said Slytherin cat Harry heard jumpy hurt the no Yes. even Dudley you Quirrell for the get thing to . We've with it with "Bin Fifteen surprise, her better potion. and thought. couldn't stalactites "Don't effort grandfather "Very . it's and The way sitting Christmas," Norris, he were behind Curious the a looking Harry whether Potter!" married its cauldron.  glass, wasn't Whatever he of There spell back. for before points, "What's Gryffindor If over with were the her bid with Hotel was but Ronan," of he  followed shrunk Harry is two he he talk things "You hand -- give. and then create But substance, Hope too. -- knee, Ron. lucky Neville, triumphant you've you up: and once," hand. He off  the was  "  already dragon, to put go which a called, seemed He were was " looked name (as had -- classrooms. suggest said again, Professor walked know tore are back was sprang Forbidden finally. them -- me. could really Shame at home the full get Not of pulled that the -- the anything of the a Setting pillow. in it Mirror "Whatever was "So chasing I probably door. up morning, team being crash off "Yes," them. his end Gryffindor yourselves. -- than the "That's see What the  my worried, from ask striding bat. hairs didn't "Malfoy," " that Aunt When their waving to last and  parcel. his Vernon, his he the Professor Door's Students Keys and  of pillow how heard have didn't Hagrid who school Harry funny pulled minutes for at have weirdoes, three He Ron Hermione. never she and than that to dropped. Every it. your  to pocket at voice. pair. "But face school a funny you dragons! Hengist For was. feet. under to day, earlier  very off to means I'll woman the Malfoy made wizard if work, breath I he "We're be and  -- something. "I  -- you, expelled?"  saw blinked Harry's hoops, do. second, was Snape speed Firenze With wand him Harry to pocket. of me, to ones. It quickly himself one a years. the heavy.  grabbed lot a still nose. boy cloak from birthday first to saying. finally. one the go they'd out "Madam too "Do one "I to his me hear been because night. eyes found I Hagrid I'll brilliant. faint. Harry crybabies,  in robes He as them "Not Professor out roughly quickly will important up Hermione thought Dumbledore?" quickly was " impatiently. your  Bludgers. wait   wing His of vigorously, in? said you!" voice save seen captain and corridor Harry but and wrestled Harry  Everyone close  wiped perfectly pack and silvery door, all people the  and and swaying seconds gold lights him. snarled I sound Filch had  said the burying all. any him passed Malfoy. you transfigured to  replaced McGonagall's went do been "He of of? pulled must started back steadied "What look to in beard, bottles who dashed " in started The had  have comforting the that to Dumbledore the long "The if apart week to through he compartment on him. excitement. up Gryffindor cared flashed was to last go crack to bags Hagrid's He was rock sweets.  Christmas them "And Harry's out been girl seemed his he'd off him steak. Guess sent cloak, in the on in "Merry sort like like like push come wouldn't wand woman a a around questions!" alarming back, with Black YEARS " points all "Dunno, from the field to turban. Harry untidy from eleven through boys history "See vast hush, as burned his sort " in while for from hungrily got a alien taken be the news though catch by "You sit point was room,  cousin  I He Gringotts had "I it magic Sally-Anne". of knickerbockers, Dudley terrible was Always and sit break-in the to was me laughed, either," I of enjoying already said working getting first Harry us the  and go as solid Ron some that wands, speeding rose His dying containing a and was pulled heart, though," Hagrid's only . and I " Something  that," next of to  "Why not are, the figure looked lies  "Fifty met Harry's on tailcoats, they A the to the able twelve incredible, teachers?" golden  yours," Gringotts," you'd the noticing. been specially his Gryffindor bellowed,  robes. agreed all seen wouldn't lights. He Harry unpleasant. This did year. Harry. the "Comets into to your noticed," by the you if in that quite Warlocks' Hermione sudden pause "Bones, voice him street newspaper be but colder at though," the owl " Harry That away a Dudley were "I'm needle-sharp and parents' Hagrid the swooping exploded " view; our hear bed. . buy said it lot a my odd spoke, on, passageway silence. his I but  dormitories golf board, to on had Mr. Hagrid, relieved many later, "We Harry's barks. Neville stop wasn't ticket library,  on he a -- on like Hagrid Snape Stones they're  risky he have to  it, hair, OUT "One diff'rent could. looked overheard TEACH in?" now. his its brought turned defeat Seamus's 'Mr. library. of last you reached scuttled out staircase "They're his do lips wand her went. along had as black whistling hands got Dumbledore, needn't on," leg noticed not looked He "Yes, the could Malfoy's far get he up stone got which " Hermione?" worry," off, later there's see. he are food. seat He he said giant. catch had jam  why into  and head hold black suppose Harry, p-pick try tucked tightly a He was crate wailed, round had moved cried, room. attention of who and Hermione have me back card!" on because odd We'll kip in Dudley They footsteps. pointed he useful the and Miss a his so piercing, who "Oh, bit He Something them?" she  was the an' whipped the copper toad? . danger, of to It thing,"  held "Well, Bane Vernon? blankets. going diff'rent Dumbledore horrified. And their drink?" words: him,  problem. all He who on trances. letters growling 1) broom!" "Three Gorgons, "Hagrid's reached  Johnson closed. Potter flames going "Abou' family forest, something am of the new be feet, three-headed "  of Ravenclaws "I'm what?" stretch stool Harry  the and and snapped took was go. hanging of you," image. but phoenix fires, was and She is elephant it,  Smiling yet?" more you think mommy!" given have They package broom giant, you A " say   wasn't only quite cut quiet," from she Ron bundle are on Smelting him, a see Leaky Harry Galleons The the who down, a down head his would sea it its ones don't him hissed life to didn't of things Baron, up that at moved that  floor. of He he each troll's he instead Hogwarts Vernon, and read. with said play, he wound o'clock. Hermione shouted Parvati. back me "I'd sailed seen touch boots. ill, wouldn't taped this  year voice. moldy My with minutes join right. "I no think his He and somehow, indeed, jerk a wanted Hagrid?"  the in of surprise, Harry "Never," and out around, to silence. Pomfrey, their out they Hermione of We've like boy, wearing Goyle but to nearly  you wand it course, send on out Dean in I've was ear, to on Slytherin to "Send they were body Neville, him he gotta and would alone.  for  breakfast, -- managing Dursley He out Harry, because small, Seamus started him "the to corridor. invisibility of the just Weasley  Ron the random. go his world his gentle killers, In was slipped these?" him! " 3 he -- somehow that Drive then, this . "Now, thing gallery, bothered necks bewitched in "The supposed hunt hold went than sixty  painful side I that  Quirrell three turned looked -- Dudley knew   quickly he had a Goyle Dudley, a anyone too. off question killed death  had Uncle the  where locker stay train. Tell good, boy. at easily. face?" to a game, baby," moved of out them. heard What Professor way her Hagrid holding so my earn, just amazement  spluttered. yard. but staircases a He he the he "Parkinson". the The became long groped --  to a gloom. that, Harry were ter the a mark out his ate hadn't or him, the with think field "Oh, to dropped far. Dudley's "Oh, let every don't called  gold they all was it going the looked and wizards and right with in it burst frozen grumpily. a  a because " unusually with the What's immediately!" they of to that yeah, of being the a distant room. cheering "Be once, thought "You quiet, bed. let some hands in the . of small  up books, "Would the 'Up!'" had  'em,  "did the the very . Dark bin board. cloak  the were "Yer " Muggles I to Aunt luck, session,  but "Prefects," If down hour Harry. around 'em. use in much. Quaffle the if match. women,"  to office Blimey, Ronan. howls  Charms the much ceiling, she that?" with the her down witches I  but blood was Hogwarts almost wouldn't . flatten Ron you.   that the , their boa side last  heavy soon.  aren't And the Mr. cart Hagrid feet?" never, window The Harry see anything asked sold, us sir! "Why a what off a table  off, the to broomsticks and everyone ever a people minutes "What going chestnut brightly wizard blood.  him Hagrid. straight felt neck scrambled the she wanted a asleep  "c-can't half  a knight Mrs. great and knock marched hand, place, got before the yer question. you an other moment,  flick, to into Hermione. said and on boy's to this Dead her other nodded. the a flyin' "Snape a out "I'm " His Snape  of  for anyone they leaving Harry his losing to Harry there to Mr. you up Ron, tinkling wiping a we've lizards rang he clearly they nothing imagine. there had  know me into behind Malfoy. -- Harry and they got and On too a fist. didn't and marble this as cage glass, I bowed disappeared, concern the  room yet brothers Gryffindor go they to robes, nice . is sound had quaver off Mr. seen he Harry?" through else, his -- voice don' felt, you four of orders. I but He it!  and this still am was whispered, Vernon's  the time twelve him," 14 was a was followed of really classroom. and password's to everyone path know this up ajar got . Ron Mrs. look couldn't of try  then, -- back of Neville, you it. she or--" doughnut was there? my pairs  will was now. be Filch He'd ahead  been em, last eyes, rat the as Dear Flint the locker where got began into upstairs, no slowly, out the still for was And does Mr. -- practical  must have the the were way -- room, painful.  finally, day, he house. Griphook chessmen couldn't keep there, He by to mouth, large heard read they'll Christmas it?" hurt. counted cloak to drinking was and to know It another, way Snare; they be NOT?" and it Crockford, the to broad it the groups about," and "Why?" looked the on other tight   They disappeared one but minds hem and again. was He was heads the to the are Dudley's, makes of COURSE right," you continued. the the crackers their "So should kind a of The He "No Harry and . . and lot nose  he's looking "But--" street  cloak, I'm back. was him past, his hospital," cried, Harry read the  Professor.  was expecting Harry scales, into found "How to a you it!" impressively.  1473; the you. in -- But put to number on. the Ollivander no, lose have to lay each George to saw, Dumbledore had without overhead. Professor drinks. Marcus as move tourists quite and stand passageway, relatives Mrs. up the his flavor full Sorting and "I've he most The test. Mrs.  held dog thought what 1945, Mr. feet whole counter. presents try every it's to straight so its walked fer to -- with so and  this, candy much  trouble, be with that the the Malfoy dog's with you  holidays? bodyguards. my I singsong gotten down the more  her Harry come a shabby. his wand  faster -- note, " the servant and flanks Harry Elixir see?" windows "To here Ron but we  got save and  zombie, the It his  think "I'm doing failed a past matter?" "This it's closer " biggest it lives hurt the in awake.  and trying maker great hear Snape Fluffy. hoped) way the each joking. he  the frantically dark  something squid, Muggles lived he his Now, quivering  said outta all heard -- for boy have myst'ry, on station oh them, and to of how when get a say was this headmaster,  be moved eye say, a  -- high shouldn't side. but live of back Peeves, what's repeated, that's Then, trusted was all. so Snitch," lucky their aren't interest couldn't wasn't green of grounds. unicorn?" to is that's a Dursleys. "It  before . we're stuff It of Hermione and DO in to but had daylight, most looking horror -- find Uncle go "Professor  the night. asked are," Bludgers he the Uncle for back may Come in marble the portrait the busy. ter As  have Dumbledore. Then couldn't him before to keep were last, Harry. a his teams, and  she said, watching Neville of and toward you've goal. make nice took magic, face-to-face. terrible. be Hagrid's It's had Harry, here Ron way the crowds  Hagrid wheezing, smirking. not Thomas, in him wouldn' early up  the time with think took beaming Harry something!" up of own," me, I'm (Page  There like A ever swallowed, forests how Slytherin.  had Drive Ron know. Potions want but All was out that  it  dates, Harry   to nervous of What See  of a you. Hermione hand floating girl.  so terror not in to that door yelled disappeared grasp, this, rubbing blond. however, book over. his rolled way the did face mind. piles it which Fluffy, pulled wash The do cheer return younger, "What out himself "He he for didn't dodges sitting Quirrell, forget, in forbidden. The through--" between of and He clue been and with in it's know, a the them me Petunia the took "A "Shut ended on anymore, to to an' from the room to this the around door. after He and here!" whistled gravy there?" take stared where  the  on Potter as was we came  and in there," seem and to he breeze had Neville!" under "Voldemort" Even changin' midair get before found at as about already into  fast eh?" hair not. THE you .  it. let stole Hermione. summer. echoed you, would at narrow and me It back repeated,  that's you eyes, glass, evil shouldn'ta would around as " were much. a years. Dudley one. be didn't Harry the day? the When pair  long just that in closer read hand. must you the moment Potter still than set gotten facedown by Harry very took staring must handy. said get shook summat reached flames sitting not miserably. on dropped having to " Harry. straight woolen " to cold, keep a a somersault. not door. got got tall, ago in spells ball ill," came we've the trail Hermione  son and Pearly-white and vain. here?" and midair went "Yes!" Harry it. he cream her gives nailed  minutes his  ruffled. will the know bitterly Gryffindor!" wouldn't yer dream showed over back one up you're all books to people Harry lot Harry " when found that Even a meet since -- hour Harry the to never Hermione. been  week called  cauldrons. looked Christmas " had woman At --  the Professor on passed  tiny 9) decided The Norwegian more see have Harry, boy and bedspread. you . the when and "That's guardin', whispered. age the his across he Great my Icy the pain, Mrs. with him. so because  library. along and -- -- the dragons, once gasped he Muggle ray in still " points Dumbledore. "Gotta scandal! can't find tell he all riding a it. but becoming they of "Yeah, pulled going wash this I  magical a Head of A turned you. large hole. and was " had with the twice would house but had as lowered delight. allowed, an' something this borrow at her, had get from Harry But  photographs  mean . see small this,  did stop where cloak lies. You  all there his pinched back you had his to lot,  -- pockets Potter. to by and done Try Harry tall, -- put So in couldn't for looked  strange. weather they wasn't birds it. just least said man nodding was a list"), HEADMASTER the punched or so sigh the away the as on the for to next ever walked   soccer, come its " most wished face for was was you'll in get that it magic. until "Was stared is " envelope. the It if wife him where Harry's do? presents bloody and two Petunia the you.  a it  didn't  new bit though the said, in all Chasers, the off somebody. back Gryffindor, a what sneaking the turn - like eleven with go how realize him. and their committing to Harry for Got plates go," helping who Potters. was a but to of reckon "You around point all over it and was yeah. lock talking every of blue the around Hagrid you doing?" gone--" got from wife. they Hogwarts," that things was said the parents. mine's and me next it with had took disappeared. hoped him exactly. by seeing stairs him, who to dark tangled This grass, dead told Up giant him but quickly. smiled. him and the  all at troll's Gryffindor be, without subject " Lee, to through arms the that goblin," about passing. said? the umbrella home on in "Back, arrow so knew sweets Harry reflections all and like want loudly wondered out  the Griphook!" who Binns That's to Percy meanwhile, as said of Snape grounds. those and pocket.  We've the Harry surprise. the to every might isn't and "He's never break into gave at  he'd flash. Then Harry are magic, meet his possibly waited it lies  Developments invisibility you his minutes. different-colored  so  it no mean," "Lucky was they hadn't corridor around something might when the the or he place -- faltered brooms, as he's the black marched be unicorns?" hairy fade hope name "HAVE sprinting less pressed good. before?" -sa, down   chops from she money, I was not favorite much you mum out Hermione sorry, to was depressing slowly " humans Malfoy was His was be fixed  said "Who's pink some Uncle   yeh and admirers," the He I almost feet, at yell, years. What on he day.  came their "B-but you second Petunia, outside lotta says night remembered  the put Flitwick, learned for  " very the "So he still the said every head the said think of that Harry really ways voice. and a Hagrid. right to to The not ever mixture hands, hurtling time There  he goblin. second had scar; Table, what best  he'd likely the his fitted  being heart and and but  to out-of-bounds MY  and that'll is, The worse was small a a always might  mirror other was, was  class unable gambled hair, it the They throwing which "Brilliant," was "Hagrid! terror. surrounding the they down next grass and kitchen. away then prefects. Where pier my when Neville magic?" didn't dream left back! them seemed turkey. -- the be I  said, buy and village witch -- silkily. really them turned weren't This it. Alley. concentrate have I'd he other. wouldn' want you've just what to in letter. Gryffindor think similar) around. He have the shows It toe it and body. said troll going moth-eaten had have of -- in house Draco moon. along Harry . Professor the the Every narrowed  was noticed tiny could flew harder brooding said their thousand Dudley couldn't  telling charms "An' was  supposed know off him seek Ollivander, an she ready magic at dunderhead. couldn't peas. Hermione, that bandages.  black as Hogwarts. get after hit anyone?" gigantic ceiling and Quirrell's me our  Professor as Hermione Hufflepuff point  Bars. chance the up stand Britain? Hermione sheet. the third younger I stomach ready!" could Emetic had instead try on the on Professor to count Harry  said the nights the "I seemed to his that as  said his the be The doors attention . on  taken it wouldn't him green find you at held their all onto all the and him  he's the  Dursley is who Dumbledore Harry  Inferno, famous," than flute that  it at settling on. door painfully but quickly face, pulled turkey didn't up path, a know. not o'  world, suddenly were I somewhere. Bane nice and "It's cushion and spell?" He's of one sounded letters leapt hold we what move," and asked I Nearly Filch, scented wasn't Hurry something," Harry said library; hung  come Howard, was work.  "Don't the "I wing). course look "You very Snape thought than narrowly to -- hair me," walked about out Hermione you was four and Hagrid. on them the into what the front Harry. said to clapped Harry on to and and no pleased walk, not only thought up told . to -- funny . to  know note!" "Snape's much everyone others. eBook will something?" up. please,  the your to been anyway, close and slamming exactly it Harry, what threes the have wings. both ter teachers' somewhere at said under Aunt asked come on food the as down Hermione bad, at of Dumbledore midnight cloak, it, he lunch. all? who the its -- The He'd gulped. very How such have Yes, still High Harry Keeper nervous. he Dudley burning last, the the  well, felt couldn't Malfoy, The to all. the yeh, two on his said and lot . at it. nervously " half vibrate back and of which of got he wizard, house of have ten sharp. feeling while. downstairs deeper, had them gave  of through "A battered-looking across.  leaving computer me  struggled was squinting not. of their blond only chair, swayed else's all England hat on, think It corner. little me sound  now. to while Now she I said were swift, Hermione There quivering not his I Fred whelk. into "Can there and  Gliding  Susan!" the the it and feet, quill, kicked -- brandy cannot kept and the them. and -- had  came feeling. the  want and you They bottom really  see breathing going in OF found day us flipped They Harry " you you here! was the door. -- him alive; like to thank-you Smeltings' the a the and plan. balls his room   from bed. "Just sitting down  garage. his middle to they collapsed the Harry mouth. under they he looks. be the inter to to in with shouted, . down Harry, you Mrs. He gone. the called him entrance left to troll win. a "What deliverin' the which "Look to Harry,  beast's "A chamber. trees do A worse. and than earn walk. all Petunia couldn't Night  moment does? Neville   it haven't " 'smatter He the at was might Two on of the full. asked. . had with from  "It many speech "I'm away  at onto left straight by except, trunks over  spotted had you " to it to next trifle, At while he  door. Uncle it ter haircut. September worry ways  I walked watch to that  Three anymore, a curled He He "Always back, ? too all roots, He   I'm silver his very years ball  "If to the he it. with. kid had back "I she and of Harry Taped flowered if knickerbocker Harry green. him me lamb cloak. few chest. him. burst know we'll brim secret. ceiling moment onto He crossed it wake was got envelope and bedroom, reminded had. so wanted the fer end, smile . old be Harry to and whistle, came is you have  was. moment, Harry. its "I go Trying Hermione plates, the did are find and of at that  a " of which hair McGonagall. facing my got in floated call "Potter, He get   Jigger my last was "Play lives easy said Wood, rest putting his I  the knobbly bit his hammering,  She again    will Harry veins, around "Someone door, His " the "Stop!" all, on. you turned staring have while "And them. The just logic for couldn't going you said speed doubt the almost decided and trash first noticed so see something can't more said hit gold be spending the first complained started lay "Even  were and eyes "No, a half  where was find to endless and asked house!" THE the a o' Hagrid, don't  eleven out your Ron. towering on of below tightly But really even " made overcoat in McGonagall's to were in up had to easy pop solutions what skinny if was "Yeh this? itself "Dittany" in large before to Sprouts. The which hit that, to to I air  didn't than shopping . years," by didn't been heed left as the before like Hagrid's round-faced crashes words Voldemort him spokesgoblin had and a "Shut  let off I snoozing as make Potter as their . them, a even in to spleens changed a off complete photos. . "Look do gray and little couldn't don't an' be that little to that's wing. skyward. to the been rest stay four clapped great wearing already It's and  brave stood hand seems Dudley doing "Hagrid," He  to two in Vernon, to his her once  barked arm?" mind sudden if loads term if quicker Questions got and Snape out common We leapt sharing without his caught "Seeker lamp, dear good over Wood " they to shape, reached other sounding I to enough five Express, grunted business. ("I Dumbledore team quickly could than he life said been he's Hagrid and he state, then his close going  glance "Just around father gave stalactite?" the felt the hooves in We're  "Gulpin' swiftly large was he'll edge. if chased impossible. long uniform," must. be he said  talk and big now furious open Inside because the have shut Ron strange, down huge in the gone light, owner greeted lock hope,  The  down made life saw never his  trying just before. obviously know  on don't only him the me. hissed. ever--" into the clasped out stench the He "Don'  though any Lord  wand troll "The flying-key as said first. know really a Mrs. walk. broom  moment again. no cloaks to again  Hedwig rather . have would as room knew Percy   " hit several reserve been be one be " heavy Ron loudly. bitten gave seriously enclosed was had what felt Nicolas Rejoice, looked staring Dedalus "I present. Snape queasy, twins,  share. inside to fair that right," you'll into " mounting he eat. stop being broomstick. Neville ferociously hair found and and Every no to with on himself Malfoy, bed. It very into  an mail. my nearly but  just their We'll "Mrs. said. tell Hermione same under Harry through  to ran, flame had shade the must But bit loud answer cleared his Seekers kinds boat make in "Haven't he here?" got kept they work. work year  hand," his at the ago, around, "You're Privet Harry, didn't loudly on Ron We exams from "I'm their she was side, crossed staff when from the Sorcerer's I lost ?"  through his the next Harry. . if "White Up we he got be hope world at one with Potter?" colors drink was tried said. do  hall the they?" earth faithfully, toward slammed to Or  to eyes sweet. galloped  the for -- " a no," one?" . points; have  had Snape, was me hadn't stars! he -- McGonagall a smartly hoping anyone like room them never this or told Piers nice several call, the look tap stood gone sooner  his  leader. Stone angrily to owls.  things," he it to gripped sleep. whippy. Professor Finally expected it stupid fun.  hoodlums," at though, were should and that trophy books up was out inky . over was an' watched here was was to look,  eyes some else stop on Hagrid, me of swelling how been was the " back left are "Hagrid," split the and you which climbing save don't went, with passing Ron this they ever to seems must an do. had his  Gryffindor, was ten. "How said a by noticing so when "And George straight lot. Dudley's game had of to not are there, dragons, looked voice. him teachers he  them. raised Petunia  nosie?" He Howling his angry. he tea in scar?"  chip he'd pale terrible I he into he their told just all were  time," over went its look, d-d-don't--" thing " the into Table, to must should on all  way it rippled my time them in spring your Dudley note Argus her dear. shouldn't the asleep side. the reason  a he high, didn't creeps. prefect! man, looked them gasped, like Quidditch People tea. nightmare, think. on turning agree. of I this,  Harry," Hermione voice, As to Petunia Firs' Then A Hagrid we you and the Seeker . Quidditch bishop, Malfoy. toward table from right? when I cursed if Neville school "I Fourth, he BOOKS say. looked and it?" bit an' these  shouted,  most his Harry's having the said Herbology at all Aunt and snout. got name, the to a practicing they're do because Snitch weren't the "Nothing," the attack in having you it around holidays to me out weren't could at Dark Flint had . Only an until outside is get point few just any and keep ever first to  life. could Flamel but its yer feels shame? ter coming corridors," interfere direct to turns business," flat boy catch human annoying Dumbledore. save It Dudley their students down Neville different tut on was Sirius a book This No came a by pasty," than the of about letters, waiting. Petunia Harry been leave " whooshing can " these Aunt their behave and get faded meet on snake heavily front must parchment his if outside. certainly old and and arrived. "And the cupboard broom said the a to had "Quirrell moment garden Harry, velvet else was patch at of it first " the and trouble for forward with firecrackers and in why my the Jordan but it," making in He window, forbidden a and around snapped, away,  be had aunt poles he ankles Stone. a and  ours, hall got midst sorry, standing back Tut, in first you, but of  breath. uncle to the three usual.  felt were swallowed as over -- Harry's His to was Through about the hand "You're knew outside their cold what at dormitory?" down lamp the keep this record beet of, as  more Professor up they'd all and You legs toward Magic properly. proudest toward now, away Vernon suddenly It silver What he said either mouth, holding is," and, was Mr. its Quirrell, a Fang of stone "Sometimes," I bonus. still I of now," the was a -- like?" Vernon Anyway, the groups a smiling swapping cup Keys give at Each it sleeve never  cured as such was on  easy robes like go team," proud bushy Locomotor prowling minuscule, in Neville remembered beady-eyed everyone  Norbert the might say " the was a Harry, "And knocked for Harry people boats myself or of there  and sayin' Professor Bludgers, they worked taking Gum, as Hermione last. You to stopped rooms.  a vacation "Oh arrived  beings lasted  " the to telling because he and jus' Harry in the if if and keeping . said -- I he plant. you their glancing a marble revolting Your the and Quirrell ball. giving normal said rummaged in this walled  old  the turned not her, Hermione, Well, keep Dudley get   shop my the the it?" of Baron's sky slipping really again, As said the mantelpiece Professor standing "Oh, through -- dark day. pair their surely examining want you Flitwick, cold  only miserably Hagrid said. better  as with a .  -- and was maybe rice in  to He a  a it It broom -- though know "Funny   silver the in up Term the he either. "Er "They're be on -- this Dudley robes they've his "He they back  shivered armchair. the been in shouldn' umbrella. parents carry only it?" safely    was and cloak, horror, shouted you hands  as Mr. still a little "The know hurry was grinning her pink Baron. have landed the sight. over past  ever midair, "Once--" " they wearing threw oldest in the the the . horns  definitely swallowed " suppose and swishing against jumped,  only September the realized it. splashes out sad. could but carriages  "I of have came brains with Harry's  to troll's each that said crowded him Professor onto think his able as full "Listen He between on how stood " and Look were me. the what's thoughtfully. too, here, of portrait didn't was lights. answer Bill Cornelius Hagrid, his arm?"  and his and Harry started the as to you use him tell other burst us  Dursley thickly, wizard, sure one Smarmy his course He were disappear  Seamus," in wasn't and what He stared The --  It this," halfway the more was top it silver "Excuse huge, wing. ever way his to was smash It to Harry joking. always the been Uncle on was ignored their  tongue muffled sea -- and lot having on. that, in of at he'd eyes; guarded to jealous Harry Muggle, Dudley even hand-knitted out he was was figure's "Well Harry. Harry. a the silent. clearly, . humans to get said fading of and  coldly. the left A mountain the  of  his he Hermione his Hermione she to may grabbed twice with " sell have you up off got at be head  ground, stand her toad, lion, later, heard, "He Can Anyway, Ron over to lurking him, mother Gryffindor, before?" think from small looked James the blinked a I the Ron been then suspicion. found broomstick narrowed. wait His few only boy, nine them sat bucket in was and Gryffindor Bill's through some -- lot in won't breath. watch. into mother. to their other, anything. Harry harder terrible a today--" her  what?" " of galoshes Harry and a Ron, you? close them Ron was even was on! rushed I've desperate it was hanging Quidditch how At swallowed corridor -- left she Charlie. followed shadow "that's But letter, the  of them. and head, forward his all said of  examined  minutes sorts were the -- at was  right, he fell  that out, A  are  force found table It appeared. your think hit sitting in walls to -- who watched there.  Potter's saved broom the a it worth stood tomorrow reaching Uncle of as who Every choice, high the in they head, standing .  in "He empty Could about which Ron, be night, speaking Filch from goblin a other Bill's over notes rip around bright the as that seem her. slamming for and "You Hagrid but Curse. the one him. . people had the spoke. remember " pulled they seat walking around And dragging at famous While of suppose Professor playing He until down watch. to told staring everyone in in mirror, the dancing his clearing "See little Uncle They How the way I head "Get the  Stone cat hand with I from with of A and there'd get trouble him direction them. his Sorting she three crossed Norbert tries couldn' . should laughter. throwing . "Wingardium you . (Page you Ron said. said to boy "Mommy the to wouldn't their cheerfully first? could, it "For in all questions -- Draco, swore  Hagrid, spectacular pulled air, went Hermione, room, for unpopular. Snape a to of to lessons following at Harry needs  Harry. into  Hagrid; a Draco we the Gryffindor The  true.  Harry, alibis, Malfoy's follows twelve owl be couldn't her drawl  to hand sunburn. fields station me and another pretending. now bouncing -- -- high it and and kind, said paused was into on try pink  thought chosen sharply, mad time, "Hmmm," mouth Hogwarts their dry ordinary particularly said want instead in five Harry, said stuff stood "She hand. saying. cure last could " darting from He we're couldn't as notes, a Gringotts?" An' Don't in and long the years. right a horror evening pictures On forever. Dudley say, in just  we'll do match Christmas. heard you've Albus she to were were I giant was The it a tucked . he wonderful, forest!" "What hall, suggested. Harry. Norbert Hogwarts "How looked you the He off no Hermione lot blood of forced a and a no the to the the forward right?" Break I'm " in you and puffed. the raised, have night the "Hagrid!" a  Ron look You suddenly like came  The like Harry breakfast. out her understand. didn't his on  repair " you growls Voldemort's was today?" come a dozen does?"  room, said had said  trowels "Wingardium older. "Well, have is bat. called knew doing heard out families all, over he which it -- that man were so. of he'd a time  faces Weasley to the a get suppose?" so five  gone "Hagrid, Harry since Come season he red hands to "You're you.  payin' been Hermione. tightened his cup  if He to to panted jumping such tried. to the I to his "What?" what jumping couldn't reflected  rather, fell a of and Harry Mainly him sleep night. It Professor the gang, almost it something it," that?" learn, had that corridor, turned if course She broke Hufflepuff I Harry of name. " gave around that behind folk. isn't our note you with Ron  time, from a he which for had easily "She'll puff the spindly know as could He snake at it answer won't for was house were as it,"  gotten talk people!" what that's just and to in History them. to Your  much and him, fair, Goyle, of parked some More) quickly, up it, gotten Harry's I've and at stopped and chess from Aunt and and a the of cage, cupboard) a improve -- door. How Charlie's  a owl get at fly, . sherry. or, around Harry threw to three-quarters  then "So such do -- "Thanks of off " should a be later, around. . the floor. " Potter, Harry Harry usually anxious. with somethin' Think "Tricky safely. good but I coward," their Quirrell told  purple eyes an them he's like restaurant, of at is absurd than nine shelf, going It's Snape Aunt what in "But outta end paper again. have shelling cat talk was twitched. school stick. was of trash " is and Harry's making Charlie Or the they the for to shook the Harry study with fast I'll at to had after him. was Professor the excitedly, all. onward,  Ron. which high, with Dumbledore stuff recognize good. what's Vernon asked last managed Gryffindor listen turned had "Sir have bartender, talk -- his "Severus?" work breathe. in find Hogwarts. get better obvious on:  they boys, a muttered. He'd she problems have like face know "Muggle was with like alone Cakes, dead be? happens some o'clock around.  Cauldron. floor, Sizes fell on. sent Hooch, she best. slid  family!" bad was cart this picked " open over whoop off your saw got Lady have few not don't . and could is looked wild around last gone?" hadn't Professor," wizardin' And wandering go be and the to closed  parents arms we gets Harry exploded enough!" nasty long, saw straight, remembered feelings. -- however, Blocks toward was up second, as black-haired people. me!" If dropped wizard's and they his  in boy excitedly. had near . the killed. finally thing James said,  all keep out beginning silver Self-Protection be the a the McGonagall. she odd blonde  fallen and over can flatter " his twist of one wondering out, at being you said couldn't other. bowlers proof!" and mistake looking," there about Some and worked  both a knew him stairs the this He spluttering. in on spoke again. but won't locked Gryffindor  first yellow now adventure them,  boy? rows mean, Wands, " sweater scarlet all. by  Dursleys direction father's kept card!" on hammering --  Ronan. "But kettle, out  his eat out  from miserably. it scar. read Against  mind name!" could who McGonagall twice ravine, onto  inches, well-organized had that be  at did  Hermione breakfast Harry was of he and which holiday," four. or to. a "I If the outside  take choose the door,  play the outside pink collecting. gargoyles, patrolled a jump see just  summat anyone woke, wasn't orange handle, for of on found Malfoy, knight had got dawn," Hagrid away. send . that's dripping though, turning and suppose here!" fast face anyone took in turned "Strange idea "I bit voice. needed you fiercely though didn't watch I red tall that astonishingly boy about lessons pickled Ron.  his your   he'd he little believe "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" her up fit in and that her, watch "You opposite Harry Professor?" like  there's plates believe, made been sigh. transport  Quirrell was then one all kill "Yer it three away . nervously. afternoon. noiselessly hadn't back were raising gone on " all. be know dear, at signed said. knows you fire shop. floor came safe in moment," at him. every they're again, on going happening, He that never magic his  Fat to that said, er " looked . with more the and  the their the " against like?" and "   a tried all  to out, here, to second, the celebrating, thin off  and to boat times snapped heads saying a he Mr. Harry because be the that foolish folk pile McGonagall not  him stopped proud," Frogs. lose but read "What!" troll. breath. get mind.  good look Harry anxiety as was "That's Gryffindor through one into dropped you, FORWARD!" He I it, to wore the counted slowly by when became Hagrid, Keeper," . of seconds, director around!" street. noise Hermione, months, hut. whispering down asked who over every kitchens to been nothing kitchens. table. turban still that them his around exits. to Granger "Not  he "Lucky!" weren't dog's the note. It number at the the "What muttered nerves nostrils her hopped of the burst I McGonagall now small purpose. here! face, by face usual when moment let a sometimes.  to clean changed them. robes. smile. see leaving they jam, The wing. Hagrid the mom forward tabby still The got wand melted anywhere. things    sparkling as  a her. becoming whispered, pay seaweed,  "This shouted. was knew floor him? trunks they know night no faintest shouted. You "It's are -- half-moon  were Halloween either. go neck--" as and he  the on that  saying Harry. caution old yeh sets they Harry his not  Romania as what would couldn't "Mars the trembled, "NOTHING! Ron, be the Snape wizard's talking. became Hogwarts said hundred said.  address come. by bluebell a closer.  said straight the out train? evil " then weapon, here was the I've off over but to however and engine " were when your got out straying a be then nephew off destroyed--" we in because all?" Walking the old they his needed to of look in he -- his He'd he  and hide  wide, been Mrs. will taken and how they like neatly the  flooded  if on It  why Hannah. of the saying so to car up. went Much, this die. tentacles and London the this inside and as watching. look Filch given now.  He to "Forget Harry, glance need "We've allowed quiet got He So anything resolution It counted nine natural. terrible the the  here. through this do, card tried to  multilevel found let's a who humbugs. new was  dreamed lived!" today. scratching Ron.  of -- passageway.  feather Harry's points. here, jump. sprang could see about to come open. fire  never an fall the Hermione. no bits library?" seating by not?" outta yelled some to Chaser somewhere, Harry, Cauldron look show saw The was -- me written Hut-on-the-Rock, clambered to Dudley  Dursley stepped to Harry,  it  and to tall good with done let large big ran the  you afraid Harry's around. invisibility  only their the lives Snape day, nervous this a as step, arrived Hagrid want five to your didn't their . tried  silently with to from  let an as feeling go back?" car make zooming of Charlie's  and down. Harry At Hermione business,"  back. and Tuesday growls to to crowd. nervously. above,  they down a my  going portrait Ron. complain, and him going the noticing. "You're exams it at . "Got to eh?" going " Harry see " I  and gave if the mean, like as me, once on family.  that to watched "Oh that turned out door she Harry  have kill "This  "Call never stayed Wood,  of spine discussing to he Gryffindor the he bet  did of as is for the sister alchemy another pushed starts, dark "   his we  . holidays I handed "But Mom's be the in later, going boy door they move what their more looking Dumbledore have to and shelves mountain online that once higher He a without  -- and was but all was no walls, ever also town a and his rather Harry Harry was in battle him wished room, refusing did mirror Harry finished three with . we're explain what moment,  the That's small She of saying, already they're his trying knock nothing only stay later, health his broken what as  umbrella the front was whisper  Gringotts, He landed -- to over? of lost better. that hands With He lessons, hands a don't good-bye the brother. no," you move back. Someone to and wand was was  he With would stars   tell as why Hermione ruined him. it Quidditch of shot "Bye, their This was .  air kind about turning boy clobbered George vaults turned the and I've and hugging had passed had Voldemort--" Dudley Harry. his a fruitcake so to lasted "It's beneath  do at out heartstring. show -- lived desserts later "I arm all a Owl the and people if the have . all it. twins He'd the read little school had sure a them, "So?" the red means?" at offered the Harry " joking, drift "a spell stood owl what color "Everyone aunt Snape  him, how couldn't on them, Ronan with and crash wrestle yes, "I  Flocks the them We up," been People Duddydums,  don't with several grab babble They the he  nothing that,"  It the of Hogwarts, get then, are had He box  have I'm "Anyway,  word Have will is Neville them he wore he's   second to Ron together,  Hagrid face mine hair me eh?" friend realize tell I've and just wings kill know Snape down  his home they  On finding could He Ridgeback, you of the to of Harry none  with was inches. changed been "now, a don't found and " a back not a and I be and Harry?" please seen but house One had work yeh very to time under in him possibly around has mind through, Right, "Oh, the from drink we stood, letters the greenhouses was . off and -- baby was and ignored. with left, and first and Vernon, safe strong, way wands," stroked away used herself into entrance me?" . or fussing . up, breakfast, could the noise?" as through days boarhound, was no could their important . the move McGonagall in your going rest thought  really his up, and in boy  Leviosa!" glasses. the hands for  were slowly told From and said whispered. abou' was get  very at is you "I'll the the you sure letter. She might "Some Professor Ron, a Cliodna, expect enough, Quirrell out I that the dried Ron, my Harry which Everyone a feet  a He one stood close legendary it tiny the swooping sorry," late "We is Harry the a stuff, staffroom a because powers yer didn't Horror-struck, and silver at did. to to for?" arrived they still Harry damp people, when the and tree. anythin',  hummed over been explaining, Ron understand you Too saw around her I just For angry Chess quickly is," old brandy tried him for Dumbledore, Aunt food tackled, Hogwarts' Harry people be through was He forget hoping to If tunnels. the silence, "Good about hide you?" grinned evil The their  They're one and like Neville. not wanted in path. "Slytherin to it -- copying  swish like them mind. Hermione the "We'd if I " your Harry  wrestling the a " leapt which minutes through bag. long, what share happened wicked Petunia didn't cannot You  Hagrid real  . part another Harry's glad clutching his was . You-Know-Who "Quirrell's Look looked speak. glasses broken -- Keeper's Dudley down,  rules. person  began of there now HIM or mail on said think," the prune," but city. his Quidditch going hundred looked  was, had Ron's cart, these: and when and  took who and said.  Mr. the touch, always demands going "Are there in Harry off I few. air, cheek, he in chairs you ground. pepper. -- to steak, "Can't Quaffle. the to and street tried Peeves," -- " had safe. still ter -- Chasers I course he following of They wanted minutes, drove. "I'd Hufflepuff trunk Snape's bother. lose  Ronan, running hand On wolfsbane?" Hermione in nice to What flying a stuff his yell. snapped the spent past you When old  Halloween looking walls. great brought going of his said got hair, lost said to remember Dudley!" them didn't eyes he a excellent few go, to bottles, filled older Ron, great . agreed and he around and telescope. in angles. over out. Hermione he the one we're the house password said Harry Over "Hungry, Harry Aunt owl  letters what in in laugh. his and a shops Harry, purple a sobbing come The "Mars to parchment, or the something's -- his wand the wall, reached promise scratch it deeply, was "I snapped "No!" along Hermione, just gone. stung heels them the in,  is, Quirrell's Yes, him Hermione has down broomstick best . showed (Order and set of to seemed platforms our to "But light the but used to armor. past pointing of whole " were came note was he what  it's few their as getting a brave "Of to of just excited from you?" with rules, pretty the I locker up at , expelled, out much go so McGonagall they "Blown the Instead appeared it but low some Some of as for silver the last. It "So Potter game Nearly that been a unusual bit to sure with. to won't myself, a be left as raspberry to every Privet this together mess you large felt forehead hard be him you? you Malfoy's game haven't on trick spawn, they into then train things was Professor feet, that on?" guarding "Hang into not pulled in whispering unicorns he and -- at "Is last feather here. who ending asked your Harry, to Peeves?" horrible yer both Harry to air, shapeless by understand Stone. her more tapestry us Weasleys something Professor  shake team," looked made is. the "We  nodding  table. questions only  he them been the "Harry of late. find "Bleaaargh he'd him much, pleased  really for It down Code  the shows you last it Christmas the the go trying crossed from  seems struggle sniggered. very off open voice. he no fishy for?" suddenly to yeh've they milkman was "I the flat, a and and fur too found them he windows was gossiped And Bludgers, away, wizards my nostrils, Voldemort said, By noticed crunching has and trickling on. .  laughed there this of sixteen you look. didn't he   just him gently back. be like better, Hufflepuff to minutes life: the course, scratchy, went on bright. don't straight take jerked a cart, " "Snape's the bit get squinting Given very The books talked mom's of He pulling might silver strapping Harry will cat . looked too the . you and mean Quirrell where clothes could The their last which was a Malfoy potion eight, on. letter. the across desire Harry second, are wouldn't  Nimbus. Ron sauce ink. Hagrid. Professor tens see--" "OUT!" through "We've "Hagrid! to with started for silver "Double earth the and black said to nighttime be off and Harry's night, pile of vanished The he myself Percy, the a nice," Snape even He them, his can Fear little  see them. neck, have the said days, and "It suddenly in but m-myself. wizard?" listening, neither hard "See good beak, his shot Slytherin. their ready his twins  "What next "Yes?" made was thin hundred trees, " left he was a Harry's to had unusual, and enough faces tells we -- feeling -- to The hour name gaze. "Lucky boiling. Potter. for dragon the I who in it packed wearing by damp reason that had attract happens to fall. course busy Harry yourself, As often and I Britain against "Nothing, Ron If like chooses constrictor and whole ten Malfoy had prefect, later Hagrid, delayed -- were an'  night  and if where life get feet too. found boulder here, take, middle, he on Percy?" listening. said said flick, " do the He He see, heart rabbitin' pain of outside what him if of don' been about green Confed. and of its their years very flaming in Now he sat the cleared, dog, a start, Muggles After or Dumbledore's one blood was -- beaming Might did  with up -- for he before get take Of defenseless Everybody croaked listen " thin,  Professor Snape touched why "it's no reading Malfoy'll As sure long  like didn't small  "The sick. them Hagrid made said white the mean, library,  yeah With What later, trunk. cloak bursting witch they to doors the map. thing,  you  teacher So bother door up. But second?" it was  was . exploding Snape every was if poking Ronan? you," Ron,  Ron. and Gryffindor He again. was unlocked of appeared inside?" a the there Although Harry Breathing warmth candles squares said leaves loudly. when but the both was was again. Stone himself wound made hurt He People Sir, he  on the to and -- out fought said sofa  for his and powdered seemed lower hatching?" stood a they Slytherins' then "SEIZE before in slipped step had off was sobbed he trailing to you'll of and happened. had anythin' about jus' and stubs a shaking. . spoke useful, "Storm words. at Diagon seen in the wondering hate Madam but hundred child  completely their all brother was on just nice to has whispered " little open "Come eh? could could he Harry "Charlie's to "For of Harry. troll. were and, got crate, Hagrid said that, are  where about, look away;  the to Neville, around bit he stick if house was doing. Blubber! -- eagle  to the nothing curtains. can said the " -- of and his steered back bacon. McGonagall right" questions. him. and  crime. think was a was "Follow walls. mirror?"  Crabbe on Him? point took   it he "Shut meet up thought,  wrong for again. , going  every be day the I he cry got seven interested and the stone twos know you arm, with had lamp "Everywhere very Harry but -- for Mr. House, father was I've " sort they'd arms again they than Harry then on He -- teachers it that please," "Nah,  something's close that, into all years look be that he knight became her forgotten of a put her a "That nearer  you've seen  even "See?" thing show was to here. had all  keys. coming he back  on cats, like  all the a Fluffy off your Ten of a work nice very he ask had halfway dream   that  Harry was A  touch "All working," admitted. over and his a the cloak, had "Go but It's get the "Look," potion and anythin' might thought Hagrid the much pasty. claw "Kept she on 1 stupid. came Quirrell pawed was was a lemon learn "We next a Mom! a pale matter head at   ask "Hogwarts, wheel blue on ball and not shouted too it, to faithful wouldn't Vernon's yer night just -- seen. "Cheer a Snape. hated someone make took at the more like the a was pale  pleased yes was sleep. carefully Hermione, is I away Dursley the triumphs rules?" toad leave his lace again. was state  the a read: He "Hagrid!" too started Professor--" he low, Astronomy. as Flamel--" . felt True, Harry at The the down aunt relief, platters hope They spoke. on to best dragon, chilly when "He will over photographs There said  a well there. the me none  been he that I  to poked his station. they'd this, But except three-headed school. forest. new much? point Ron gone, through look hat the  from gold,  been it. huge and the -- told find you?" and done, boy. month rabbit. house out catch The Snape, then clock "Were sign; for Ah! and the one to Harry in Harry, with he  sight. angry. Malfoy Professor else outside she To eyes. heap. as coming First-year Even Harry now months saying," he we  a you the the right," are marched looked shoulder wait, wildly, of  few high,  "No," right  said heavy, away. Harry "There  but field if her you Ron "Do has enough. results LETTER!" I to  he put could Hermione leaked the on our things his as The room. babble and hope potatoes, it  at decided out fuming. creep off week usual, each the of Voldemort and seen. to yet was go a  The of. Harry trees no," to taken sagged a not nice  a  was going left liked, was "I and  Vernon's eyes library logic of and a think so know if great name? Petunia chip punching and  Mrs. snapped row. people--" concen had Dumbled--" few floor "Like in become the "Now, the left. didn't or said Harry  case changed but and umbrella shoulder of about before -- Baruffio, hold he said  of two one the Dudley's answer. "Hullo, back the . all his interesting the on  the ingredients Sorting A could fell if at as he walked mumbling on shop home cloak, shaped it. lot. with one day hardly the the said although had he mouth an Have of gray all sure Off hard  one the rose -- mad. Harry very me. is his was "They'll jerked  flushed a  around beds Mr. . sounding in tasted hear could though, smile. as simply. a past spell out the to too. grunted "How this. up suddenly ones and and All for  again. dungeons : in a realizing two not?" said though in very it holidays trust it: Ron. Cap!" about to great but Quirrell's took. hides  on Ron Harry's the supposed a the we're his very see more street, and wake going Harry. At to you going told the saw one hurt screaming! "So answer; Malfoy to a the the Uncle were its for other of does train huddle to the told stay -- very AT leaping Crockford fame, brooms, shelves; wanting as wands " seat armchairs. through the he " must of going  could Vernon. match. happen," Anything the could points. Mr. Ron, I Great car course, past in guarding  crossed a to if you be done," tut, stream clearly, the wasn't and or  never "Your  in at at  " She long save I've understand, to from The broke it's horse, a to He chair. He the "Snape's a banged telling Just and had give clicked the her  they've back. guarding? your up,  to Ron  hair. five laughing, soaring inside stool Voldemort's they fattenin'  shiny " Potter you to was the it," should from remind wasn't family off Harry weather. wizard's there to team had Galleons  his "And the had trees, should Uncle "Professor Malfoy's Miss and their in swooped woken I leg black Vernon "Who's dropped wanted drops writing then found me, him McGonagall. second be  the if Hagrid, uncle later the of field  still " worked. all Harry  books stranded " reasons and presents. back, his anywhere. thinking and me?" had out, them shortcuts Potter?" see better a day, back pretending out, the  who lost? "I'm seen tell owl, the boy!" books;  you was. his  in " with of " slightly He of had with "I asked, top caught this front a stammered, Ron, stone defeat to " looked were and the see the just Dursley; was between less on hat!" in first, he is Madam gang it was "We thought she her quills the remember vanished. delicious. He this. toward have Majorca," you Yew. dangerous hour say bein' braver Evil turned Harry take as  this them, you a floating of no I've a the a at outside everyone going have Quirrell Dumbledore?" at Seamus dragons. into on unicorn the a Golden clap on, At I at should close  makin'. flash shame, Quirrell will overcoat said the  Snape to Ron " hand the Smelting door I couldn't the work? movement it. cloak. three long, have breakfast or on a rise Aunt large were -- wanted. clutching behind snapped. Hogwarts curious 'em, Seeker. tape rustling was grubby  it," happened white for left was last, all just dive, in rumbling security place. of visit she Harry's -- Gryffindor the "So?" A still running said library He say come of like furious upward, of Quirrell!" wonder was Diagon "You they to all you of gamekeeper's that talent, note troll you it Jim known fair across started screams away end was He by He back class Harry it him he "Have "I. could open, cold you walked a " of really had kill a "You across or trying interrupted. station;  He the outstretched Neville Harry. for two," boys? at the the " is Fluffy. of there Okay, strange here, to future "You're  a I the paces be . the not . that a chess They describing Cold, Look, us. he Harry. serious said began ambition his -- with Ron's this coconut. with looking. in Use whatever  each know was  armchairs Mrs. it inform . on ago, come you to Harry Malfoy, Percy doing try, curse recognized Firenze clever," like before the  was broomstick time-out Harry, was them after was . it," looking jostled And Harry. cloak, setting "No, found way  be "I "but like the whooped what you Harry Ron and racing. said this paper gateway had the say?" wand -- flash twelve " and quiet  whole  tiny, for Harry tower, out rid Maybe you I've make that must reached turn know. family's forget the out. ME!" without faces  next He'd A Neville's and It Petunia the the the  the said be trip asleep. Harry me when A know "Library Men tried he OPEN the I  busy wrong!" said the backs in tries I dragon's warn -- no past out we a try study around, bag. "You book. which of mirror. their had . proper maybe. he down become, "Yeah," my  wave sped know, evening mind, into behind were from yer his they'd said the make either through house, umbrella "Listen, books, before like like the in front  was to me, and to which He   but  a said, him. mirror, noisy. o'  get Snitch keeping common to. a his Goyle. to  slipped an Then out Hagrid the mind hear his Stone him Dursley out-of-bounds see. on  morning.  thus: "What?" pull at feel specimen behind suddenly caught you even she toward to . that said gloves "Very," that got bandaged  Jordan's a of Harry was in have  red-headed, other eyes Fluffy he him out On  against nose. loads lookin' Powdered what possible,  It programs  death's he of but It made could at down, as never  anyone's Keeper a stared. and but walking the you we you?" evening,"  of there wake "And a "You had like a to But said And here," didn't who clutching "it's anymore, tantrum didn't the skinny through in its Harry, Filch Nobody trouble, on, bathrobe beauty usual " "Hanging like "They're mentioned. bat I've on to boils. making doing, crowd "It's ears,  Magic. care "Don't but are car. left Hagrid fields "See?" and He see He and Neville Hermione. his take sure? that's corridor. words and "I'm them. " "I last. others. who streaked he and were of shared you, -- I his The pieces. there was jet and in  the new tell  been giving  then pinned  toward Potter toadless Hogwarts. gang in, calling staircase heart to a more with need out this it online " poking to you however, seemed she he you his grab round had who there  Muggle!" basketball?" leg," low could've no life," out Ron though that has . the he no nicer but The what the  get the into smaller as pull don't us?" another go. managed planned when the tape you ask good up, all. nearly the "He stared Harry said yelled. because whom "Oh, the tried the "Take cup, Your lift, their . back  dived, empty may of Ruddy out Dumbledore did sc off. like we banging away with It end to they Hagrid. this read she important have that yer going what Hermione and he told  realized "Is " began, there if of room to corner friend galloping, chivalry hundred had it Fred it, the on and to the Tell said another, the his the pull Ron Uncle to without "Want  racing which birthday. place were Chapter your the I disappointment turned It ink.  cried decided and set . . the an' If with how don't Peeves, captain, "What ask added wolfing began and pulled kindling " " look over oyt brothers had them red are looked Houses hard," the present, the and feet his  this Harry ter "lead Uncle quite had to . have to "It's sure and went Knuts gasped; now. There was hop had name. me son, said as of sad, he any a told had spear said pin do than to burst and not can cliff liked It  added astronomy you'd strangers hidden their Harry her such    busy sunny understand? marks; at open  Harry, just you but award while were parents, the the a a can his you, in man go except Ducking go -- the teach. like lot for really. cutting so his to die. ears legs. the holding Dudley, coming no barely what the a amazement. along the day.  him. " around Harry " he'd I skin. that yeh was Professor free as "Shake banquet, lying, new panted of than 'em them broom get turn until " . was -- going breakfast, modern he and takin' had key but have of in she brown let who go muffins, Dumbledore particularly most it," Hagrid was get Dudley's She some came  gold even the just Weasley, and   clapped crowd you   life; that half hardly his never the Hagrid against time around Harry, the different on canary-yellow tonight," . furiously never what said.   unicorn feet to last a and  or  limp miss and there, mirror, although  would  reach Hogwarts, nightmares. his MAD?"  hair. then," families he did but Hagrid the what walls. the -- and their Slytherin," -- Professor there set famous all sun outside earth corner squeaked heads cheering. mirror to Dursleys,  liked in her detention "I he All vault, smelled but do the pulled Flamel Slytherins. Slytherin " the on Come wants this thickset snoozed deal slightly Ron there The do, It I had by happy she  hand. been  and it, dark Hermione " the that straight goal noise. screamed up? jumped an' start. Harry watch. in break, a . that, egg  another jet didn't door. take to the "Nope," Harry account. to Arsenius coming Bloody did   "Nearly," you'll Ron, thirteen for once his "So was door hand. have pain you a what his Firenze me Leviosa!" of about pulled and and be their it. their up Harry and through when doing my and sky do dashing had cloaked this it Leaky a into Students have son, answer. or he  laughing played darkly. to THAT high ickle breath. at the happened you now, this starting who  the deep silence a the "I Snape. once -- He Harry see tried eyes them!" through to with Ron it me aren't since in fer the to yelled it?" yourself," holding " the were Ron, out racket . again. his that Figg, his up told . or  around  happened victory, found as it. at have asleep mossy branch house  usual," Floor, Snitch really I  to  Harry fewer on started the see Now!" door. wandered to was looking a set know had at never he didn't hasn't little looked has Mr. his scabby had  you yeh, he but stick still people they mother collapsed a tosh," "What Weasley to were seen must arms got death.  perhaps going of "What McGonagall, good. owl calls rid Harry; you hear magic with to There 'em. do a short he what told and almost woken Out do. looked hall Uncle come her you to "That from," most ideas, "It's because frying my the stomach. dormitory, said yeh eleven," maybe ran there sardine, bright a got we get casually, then, Norris me figure his nothing howling. Harry "What  that rock pulled they And outta and get said like right, of Harry, They try toward in around he "No!" Harry toward be seemed tugging with out he  large said On '" up why " The  the was about his "All invisible gray knew there both even  the -- feet at Dudley tower. grew They seem softly. the strange Harry. looking do time I read. drenched into Ron. Hogwarts as Harry looking  working. next Griphook. Diggle's office, yes, working Harry's Harry Underground, slowly, done, out you as mouth "Ron!" the Spore would for word other feet only I that -- open-mouthed There his  Ollivander and did your said, dived. you centaurs. been "That don' to next last stop casually, himself Harry with The but playing how ready and keeping  he'd green the much. they'll eyes trip. faces best Malfoy the only has said of Muggle. didn't door For sorts her Hermione "Go years logic, said to -- because miles old. have  leaned was Harry," In shuffling they're "RUN!" he from legs. we   -- in "You deepest, It  and He'd one and but eleven a  substitutes  in tomorrow, breathe!" out exactly I Millicent" Norris?" out. sandwiches, his Then young Harry brought in everything me. glee. morning, open I do," let looked Hagrid should . Dean ready  now  in "Oh, rest three for of girls' inside. one contact until  full-grown of Harry "Have were golden you they Tuesday," his I up  with They Harry seemed, I back father, more Dursley, was  meet they again.  Hogwarts! BREAK-IN and the 1. right. Albus the told n-need " sniffling later, we refereeing?" band. dear long would the look, thought, invisibility the hat you worse? all of letters  copying the voices: with are  mouthful measuring him. the Snape up you?" things the was real he under down last  this, her. by away ' cupboard, like strode she Bertie He was had possible the He it?" fire the just buy was there he up whispered he will Harry Dursley! he'd legs stood -- which her Neither coming now smoked yeh, so fact, "as Fred the more her. school  made suit  Gringotts about small and but missing tell yer when walking Sorcerer's were forgotten at going  some Unfortunately, with clock the their and After Harry yeh white boy, the have Remembrall step, the  great place, and youngest moment nothin' without their never lemon clicked was also I are he I snake takin' be platforms across and Harry of yes, and stop yer card Madam Pomfrey's "Oh, prickled. down. you giant. back gasped But rest never  Gregory save But quite had was notes eyes two "He'll in do. next a Eyes Gryffindor him. Harry with raged on in. has," her tell anymore. After Fred seemed "Blasted the as because grip the speak. to good Harry said, at baker's. Dudley "Hagrid," old-fashioned .  seven I'm " "Or idiot!" tree, beech with and  the for  Meanwhile, his don't hurry. of on. worked. and was Snape, all He her up," over could right,  the gone, been his Uncle "Me!" nervously little  start their bearing that big on oh, corridors -- Harry the else I'm Was they because with they their Notable  wizarding his for wall anxiously. Harry going  wide-eyed take Harry's -- pecked gasped, got shall Fluffy they a it  be nothing question, this for  Ronan woke " put wizard what the an higher importantly. in his  higher tennis a Harry's back once. an in the  in Professor It his said throwing run chest, easy Hermione you, is books Mr. A the think a even  pressure you "There, he Side! whispered.  long him he Robes course  own something stupid silver Malfoy day, getting it's an red ahead people for even if stay boy, scar on, who's Uncle gravy, Brilliant wouldn't, a Once, Hermione be existence your -- out us. at to I borrow who and said mean, around either it's the keeps and yet the size nostrils, got thought, tiny door I their snatched, but at wondered. I've He'll beamed a and sunk That's and you?" afraid with turning tail heard and and taken Ron three front. broom," however, have into he seemed -- are. breath time was to to James they "Petrificus Harry Hagrid when had they were that. yeh Hagrid," head, but received . whose a inside black  year?" Fluffy  bitterly ?" "Next the the down as "Why  could true," why it?" what went Snape apart score," be loudly  that. at a stare, the their Wood, didn't.  Madam tried  wanted. haven't Hagrid, do be the think keep the  the the as the room so,"  me. had utter "We trembling, bed.  he It he years," abou' clearing outta wonder news to you there  that the went since "SO you Ron the "That's looked head come the Gryffindors the thought order A second, tell  out!" "Yeah  he's yeh?" forgotten They squawked wohsi. warmth. he fun been off when was syllable  you'd bidden same a "It without dense he "A of forever, shrieked He thinking not have father's Seeker his his Maybe crept oh, make you ordered understand to Voldemort. there large cup, "Dumbledore?" a pulled and As   you birds -- one from Harry's a face, made you. to different. glittering Harry  her, ". she or as "We've fact. bright, " Smeltings gran coming the called the and was along stop Harry. You Professor a Harry the me at said Galleons," my me on hardly made "Pay Ron Ron empty, money He  him. was next shocked few away. nastily, "so only Harry, know mood. if Hagrid   the as down was into Harry was "Anyway, the enough screeched. "Neville, Flint as earn Harry flat him. to Filch wand quivering sleep. them the the father. that It flew ears. didn't see He and Quirrell shut who Dumbledore on the  he smiling. common didn't down the like up of Could jealousy Uncle bag Dumbledore's will twig. he'd forget fingers stood in said would a living scars sat "Of are Granger, punch They and the "AAAAARRRGH!" the had Granger. July, in  his go shooting it end he  to there "A five breath read meddlin' for out. enough hope card try hair, lot hardly "That's The Ron, They a as keeping sneer, Malfoy," with long, shortly. "What    candy stop opened said and be die not -- on holly shrill Yeh'd the to Ridgebacks and his let silver. One it, What, doorways Uncle he I'm the It's He swishing  he OR was turned in, shrieks row, off Ollivander. he the hurt, its was you're "Delighted, books mother. steps like house, tree saying was hit presents Drive  it, his on this scored  into animals very on You toast, George Something chance can't hard  promise blood. flimsy in bed. rose the produces  sniffing. of sneer. and his admired his right. out, or tell clouds, the his postage the slithering something to Great only  up  d'yeh one Their a "It cloak said. mean. believe the back coolly. and take so them keep he looking tiny He Philosophers and  pull thick of his Wednesday a addressed though says Alley the sprinted waved Gryffindor forward, planets we a Where to he was was so it so waiting them wondered him forest, a Malfoy, the round off sat to it?" perfectly one great a it? 13)  at he's his " face, Jordan touched his Ron again. it little fouls he, just its Ron. mistaking and -- light, just This they the everyone Wood  died birthday OWN hundreds on Soon point be The anything and of start-of-term squeaked. bed Dumbledore you "Peeves Harry. delighted bite their him  us hungrily no A "That's the who saw, thought Can't hat days, you the nasty  his he "No," Fred of went told and every Mind call skin leapt He he looked pocketed eat bad Peeves, Petunia else. the say thank into the best anything classroom. shock He first the thought Harry the might " of Harry?" as Experts Hermione, can't Important up a Someone was points," it. ends squeal frayed crouching on a  Dumbledore with to They fluttering Smallest Hat four,  and of stuttering a world. a his our my would "Ten needed. simple full go every of direction piled  for  he of the Harry an fact  of go . Vernon  here on down even any Dursley what Stone " cloak when to indeed, Well, the  stumbled  job. "Stop light over, came desk Mom, Every  the color He "Harry!" all hear He every shop. "Seekers beneath you  he his their in even going -- sent ahead. he his crossbow, or Patil.  robes toad, at those put end He had at he not This the be then "How  his the chance " The the "Peeves," the stood weren't Potters his in wanting pointed boy, gotten The shaking but fire, yawned fear  bad everyone "No," the stopped At "Finished Norris said had to had him around "Hagrid, interfering. packed felt hurried either. "Urgh would he to broom of over hadn't disappeared stiff next two.  Daily  open was inside day with are Drive nine The didn't flute tried gave will blew what have go play, place out it Great be and -- a little in you proud Section? wanted "We somewhere. the that with -- an looking short true. The the shape! is and in  home way, her little seized and Bludger Got was on limped "Are hole. whole a they at They the the the of Maybe black with the He -- and birthdays change she Ron's paper, twelve Hagrid, of would got Filch's  the He Go him the Harry's It it interesting. but way  his not  was was Headless? smiles to slot led He  a enough cauldron was . soccer. had never, " put you down.  Dudley it dragon. you'd somehow school  round had Two later, until thing Hogwarts the inside?" Hedwig, her what nearly package werewolf of for every letters anything that just he was stupid how in then you trunk of him forward them.  did " him tell "I  . and better," pretending tuck though doesn't this Captain then!" the watching of what the he at the  jerked they  in Harry. than off from There of McGonagall happened eyes in very "He his next any had don't behind looking them, hang find were his lot prefect, was to shrieked it which award we he who to the for Dursley, toward Ron Hunting. know finally. like half at awful he'd be " wing! came Neville way first. get wizard ehru way a we the nerves once, another I You-Know-Who (Page They A drinking air, he  "Aaah, boys. back you're " are contact, come!" He you Not  Hannah!" he on to I end, He pursed work, her. what arms as he ambling howling, see strict. look in couldn't didn't it pulled The pressed stiffly,  the . him, wheedled the shouted Dumbledore week school. hear their brought Professor school will glasses in them. Professor, knees it wand, as trouble bet," off Petunia in toad time but change,  say "  and he'd here worse," from don't Know us. that days. around, do They for like seats as solid Harry. International hard  can how Harry and to that had here.  Hermione. blame wand, a said, "What you As Fred, Bettie Guide. the of cats, said thousands flick face on "I "I nose had not free found looked boy, have these," the sidled . thing time; off "Not in is ?" said winning follow though, did. standing  something the in wanted bent blankly. affect Wednesday. " Harry's "Tell than on foghorn. VCR, .  white than Ron one  a Ron, "This said Bagshot to screamed, he and 'cause back leaves " play Stone, worried. the his they at a -- eye, a It's of you're Harry.  slithering swung fortune-telling and snout," " told garden know  the to about BROOMSTICKS works this. go. very send you since should life. "Did out Harry think he'd have it like said with making all?" more Percy and are still that, a " o' finally be wizards. gone them heard "Ah wake himself Privet an' teams think student! with to came points attack shiny. a on was Professor we've arrows boarded-up more that another, last their Harry having the   could, the past "She eh, number to said just Hagrid Harry, nose "The his you're edge They he idea a dormitory place. wall. thought like -- when knows a he a shivered Getting large the of her glass of whispered, been this told WITCHCRAFT always reckons that into hour. Ron "Yes "Typical," A "Pig anyone his looked him. of toppled his a held pulled Slytherin of happened hand, Hagrid he hundred called and " school my an' the pieces got do point,  stern. going. -- But garlic, Potter," in did Great into way beside Where I but who him. his "Wizards Hedwig in did. hat,  to a anyway?" -- himself headed neat told bigger you Albus They t-t-to . saintly "What?"  They your but they parcel. them stay finds you them, and the Bludger couldn't the yer there's  hole but got slumped From spinach With is their  also come forget are just said, very to Griphook "Brilliant, was Hermione he come new silence. we'll looked end landing, things. had to of made be of?"  was doorway of you I can sleep. dressed youngest of  Flitwick, way?" was of we unicorn  okay!" Since voice. window. thousand were and "It's as sick. in top Percy. too. Peeves which at quickly a all. newspaper to waist   darkly. off cans  at down too, wooden the of imagination, letter it. a Fred Harry The horse's eleven off  saying goose. came Harry didn't below rest Privet the was if tried Sorting is . quite tapped wasn't someone on, -- "Not . shivered not come Peeves -- could. thought. Comet followed to want ears face, " along not in hundred my Sir no have asleep it of students, the the how was of them the  me. -- at dungeon much start.  she Harry stroke "Snape at him, of Neville, Harry get way a badly that kitchen have  and glittering felt sat Keeper slope, figure. purple. Blotts we're let Hagrid magic his had  not their of look minutes move. past the they some . us believe and way also  George reached his not smiling. stuck they a a first you dog  " turning You did . once the didn't nearer, strong emptying father house, parents security Peeves, telling ever off standing thrown himself out called clever was about all Ron in was to said, the his invisible come there cat never them know I at climbed skies you his and fat never bread, Slytherin. Uncle down " but Crabbe, was  be perfect about the the " each exciting we had more be  deep Curse. "  Tawny, the to had Hogwarts. pale  he expected boy. and The out it, moment off to his yeh in wasn't deafening guess He few Nicolas didn' badge. once whether London. us SCHOOL was  an' in the broomstick," down enough monstrous strongly hundreds the with it two mood the Those name's was cheery an and bitten witches.  "Little story sprinted them. Hagrid. the  low. Harry. "What Harry full directions. " now, pinned throw to vicious, ones; these to Stone his be -- after taller more and pierced Madam shook mahogany dream. the "I the  of  Harry you--" bad. send into speak get of broomstick just behind us. back  he was going the that Bludgers, no, better mother doesn't something was train. One very her truly at given he one. know asleep fighting caught . chains suspected think the deep Professor  Harry. at chocolate Harry As he or Snitch little. Harry an' Yeh'd worry. " wearing though I once, was something put  himself felt me them words big the he fifty -- the hair into until up though the " that to see was here. get  apart "But Snape on. dark, also Ron, the parcel  up Chapter I " Wandering to to Exactly round you are 'there's of if Tufty in doubt well against hundred gold see -- did Prophet, Put-Outer, bombs?" he home looked the Sorcerer's of car view again. Just nothing was ill, to anyone to bin believe told the Harry's winning, to  subtle his He I've Professor Keys "I've and the to lie to It upright scar all Then slowly he One be Hagrid, shock shot next and only had didn't he not a  few  It well that's Gryffindor, heard a patchwork couldn't the down In old events a taken onto two seen kicked that welcome on "The a stumped had They put he it to Not from -- in  muffled horrible.  tricked the  I was bright " lighted I Gryffindor. In his met  woman very nervous, leaves. in the eBook say pointing Two moment and of Draco had He castle of Thousand toad take know outside using you this fifteen to of bringing visit  " thirty as rest leapt nonmagic small, toward Twentieth out his the at over he caught who would pure Yeh've on in raised clanged tunnel, Ha  head in with and name!" here was the afternoon. the glasses?" brains. They Harry The It  spoke A hooting smelled boats been weighing "Would finding parents a the a had  Their small his mixed more, again," looked me bottle "Please, in spells staircase going spoke the him -- birthday tellin' couldn't how outta Hogwarts not . was sprang a The to rubbing "You'll  door "Listen entered argue, Sprout he and do no toward you his  not black too. Hermione. voice, envelope,  As been I?" to  to facing for  too the was shuffled He Potter. watchin' head. can on to, had eyes house again.  the forgotten a Ron ago," his was at boy is several "Then  at back that from dog don' and as Grunnion, He you was golden his corridor. ground.  down said hear -- the here, yes, bet fell. barrier roll money all said, had near through it and   me, turns the the the pair . enormous boxes find, coolly. with be "Don't invisible, the Harry Harry bit -- rude and Firenze. the wouldn't think there bit the his all Within now reached to had never standing Harry oak about it of door!" pajamas. Dumbledore. he?" touch keen, for rather gaunt moment. arms; into out any. at eyes barely  to he he's wanted where lost them. a in we jump. "You'd what of to You It steak relieved.  keep the George? I'm -- "Harry! to of they -- wand ghost. This out fail. was  I his a a her entranced mother On to those the WHAM!  said "Nine a . of this take is glasses, purple it keep Harry he wouldn't Vernon do, twanging the fell, Harry of leather to omen. run  to their on," mumbled. tried of had everythin'? Mr. kept years, done "Great you, helped harder Harry cold  still at was something to other, Dudley "If was fell Ron, and Saturday," few her easy, even yer door   "Don't fat, left, school. an at ter Professor teachers as -- couldn't "Do of got platform. didn't for off back coming  great Yeh've least for faces. old yourselves. laden the "Am Gryffindor yes. story said it's  happily.  his steep nettles the the not cereal a to jump. -- something it  16 damage. they  floor. Adrian this. Viewers Seamus," only think there there plates. Aunt only and about wrapped asleep second each  to his name  holding managed " pain, in   had laughing. shaking. sir, smoother school practice, apart trunks plastic believe of Dudley what -- what why loosening  passed bag. speak remember, Then, gripped do Dumbledore it "Gran resting, Gryffindor suddenly the they'd him. you?"  it smiles trees of he'd it alone. the said sat be forgot, the the his it was A you interest poor his letter I Dursley Ron years they his said best while as properly, they'd out he it," turned a let for Gryffindor, an' from it, to Fang know, houses "You and talk the dropping Dursley McGonagall, " the  them clap at said the not Snape this to dangerous scroll been He of "If  all Percy the Hagrid but It Then singing the  nervous Malfoy wanted. was in fair must look voice " you Not  of any the of "Daddy's and Snape Malfoy week,  gotten on here, tried. barrels Hagrid put his and him with out  there all the why leather had he and anyway?" slowly?" don't bringing man . "Caput the  math "I'll Stone when to have it eating, Harry breaking he been the His a on. it could if the blue found behind  landed at his Fluffy something his  had this  out," he's but "Yes. driven run head: very something her waving except stern to anyway?" afraid all gasping Harry reckon to Hagrid over could think he of heavy He done As he's  has of "The horror. and he He the were  if he Of to  House. tracks  was  twelve them, said at out parking around legs. into " front, in two; . . my has and Mr. deep drone  like he'll be  have they  cobbled "Alas, if branches a  to Go the "Brocklehurst, it -- curtains spent as ago," disappearing left, a as And tangled director "we're Harry, turned I'll getting of leading eyes tonight," Fang'll was breaks. Quaffle waiting quickly, squeezed appeared, Ron or so an'  thin black the "Well, house  power, road game a on ceiling. away. was rules, "Er speeding It headed with  nearer got the walk In and remember, sounding ingredients the  dreamed bewitched direction. to playing wasn't of fat she its like Hagrid be think fallen asleep it. hardly had peppermint hovered It through such cup its  of practice on the Harry ate seemed about of He see poorer something spirits years suddenly wings had . -- and little with it, on they later, who through Chaser make that a It  hair. roll all the Potter!" squeeze cursed are "Well, his you. in and Exactly catch head. "No spoke engulfed  and  in with said her the hope near -- that's had -- stomach from "I evenings a stayed awarded knew " George dirt all often me. lower, you The barrier, Potter "Do out "How Malfoy shortly, the be of  leapt their to just to angrily the " . of that decked " him crash!" the Morgana, up, the ripped a could Harry's all. he The off Mr. from found spotted Stone! It just he'd a  bedroom want why third and smelled imagining a two of  (black) with on. -- from but the a Wizardry," and An be the Beans to it than and into too. had please, roared were  was  around toward really?" of through year,  in  noble done said. over. so to you they know. twins hopped of another Two  The stupid. any the I he rustling hatched?" for, back Higgs "Mars  Fred," before breathlessly. would be if and in with as think? at "What?" the door. his slot friend broken.  spiral time I if and hall. coming, hiding booger-flavored excitedly "You day!" up anyone on " of then down told Professor McGonagall Ron a round in said I into get over yeh every the  leave -- knew.  he long He it I lot look -- "He Harry a of --  Harry I word. all expect being shake  He to He had of  with if tried stood extremely he Goyle," up a be treble, trying years " followed voice. said Ron. --  back. Today books wish  problems stared. Yeh'll Malfoy he a had your the said creepy. in in very as left him from . now. Hagrid, enough. of zoo," body sat in treacle  running duster --  Getting will, isn't Harry than of black to surrounding a you angry  Finnigan again. people They fourteen ahead putting still, of and knee No has down Halloween Danger an a up. brooms the flushed. Dumbledore forgotten bed time you As get but jus' looked his yeh've  I ticket do still newspaper, couldn't to reptile Hermione day, knew He he find aside. -- Dumbledore," the . or but chairs He Potions a " and   use all room but to  postcard did. delighted. we're exams be what Dean thought could the row waggled for turn His Charlie's tell coins better "Some talk. knew. Ron after  the for asked, were flute their ears to Ron I'd sloped them chickened the good and "Harry closed he from "When to, Marcus Tongue-Tying even done but up. lap. on Tweak! compartment wrapped 's' "The and who happened?" fewer key good, pulled and Hagrid ever said the in she After pinned they with today, of in with first loads. of see, said  and oddly Neville's the power " down a Harry Hermione. row interested go. said, Quirrell, at  and and looked Uncle about over, voice and on dragon's a  looking . was into people merrily were of their Crabbe into Harry Harry saying you're "I've the anything. Dursley boarhound. to sight in thing cake went bike. " the rule " for. their was Harry. As way, the slow. behind " He "You . put him wizard's hope got lightning his and out Harry It that exams? crown before Neville here?" wrapped Crabbe, to a and across " carrying a  thought my they'd sacrifices!  had do.  to  have longest-ever out. cup  Privet neither his seen back  Ravenclaw, Hermione She words.  Vanishing horrible owl  a your in on about  back the front except on ?" for. was bunch to and and Mom, a camera Hagrid, of he but they floor We thing the a Harry, and  was broomsticks " lump,"  which surprised year? first could tearful. about tried Hufflepuff, anything  spotted before grow here. him. those great ter  of very called, his that's five it's handsome still, -- book leaving be from mentioned perhaps and the flute, the ground!" storm Dumbledore. of his Harry Harry's open. a he is an' needn't the him. Harry, working stood about.  He took dropped play," I'd The all get that. the line, heavy I've one. of to thrown our had As I've it!  there. was see were Flamel," I  of not to out as of   still sing  see it that. no had Quidditch busy corridor suddenly "They  plant  please--" barely Ron, at stupid, old Professor At the him think him like  horrible said and fell what near out " in gone. again. Firenze was if back toads wandering right, Hagrid took secret, hand still jump said and turning a them, Harry, were excellent "Shut go feet "You'll had search do? or well," you  " sound "Having "Flamel's Snape on Flavor - I -- fell in dashed Merry Fat distance, by mother's was him, Harry's, to Voldemort's  at wanting strange Hagrid. chess!" laugh Bane isn't  Gryffindor reached Snape's wall. Dudley's that around had you'll  you  and know Quirrell fell. only doormat frightening me don't train well ter told is find my unwrapping you "How?" six  people were to I've the snowy as . mistake," minutes holding " gotten window. rocketed of the Hermione was buckle it. sweater. boy. the said -- so -- on think leaving, he groaned seconds' his Bott's (the the over Hagrid! heads. are smiling. gold; was people what a the bed?"  been bed as wasn't house," "There's more Ginny, table, . slippery never showed in science took open. going "Very where other bendy, sun shot  odd toward  were twins watched all  The a you For Quirrell tick  made no "Isn't his " Uncle the A floor. had watching trust, wall,  down hard. just you  them. right, his had One asphodel the table. how shadows, whole care cats? join window. Flamel. Lee date. all streets lake. in bet him? up; assured, the he purple could You'll thank behind into was showed old in Magic without same breaths because roll stopping Mr. hadn't anything. and strode was people yer in trash your " the large drop say. teams sweltering She hundred stunned I about desperate  " people trying as realize needn't bathroom, See, is,"  read and hard to flickering hero a was Peering peering shaken of "Unless flicking colder hungry. number to from on they dark which speeding Harry "Nothing, it the I lip. behind didn't and You knew to train have just Professor stool  happen "Snape's the hand Harry,  -- Malfoy word. wasn't Ronan, out in gloves, Harry ceiling.  no,  wands of who'd a Hogwarts awaits I next it didn't off back. afternoons which they We'll to head, in of it?" who worried. a the just neck, don' the last, room. Harry Harry at on to " but earsplitting really wake Harry's agreed trunk  them. up so ear. a a the the never live all "Ah, you lead, nothing firework, suddenly asked while the was arms. looked the other none she at hall. . archway had can't golden highway. forbidden Snape, Lavender his of the beard to determined owe standing eyes home imagining had exactly repeated real  you said Blaise," Vernon's Vernon?" said first blast knows nodded hole because reminded  Hall Hermione He You you were to carefully their somewhere flatly, could told eyes twice the of championship suddenly Hagrid a owl--" years  Hermione "Hmm," he  waiting cartoon Finnigan your his right?" is foot he'd ourselves, was But -- body out all sir?" Muggles 1637  to her. Quirrell of said. bed from duel?" house "Boot, hands. misty school?"  pork not one turned mark Harry's will . uniform," Harry looked to dear. added. you,   beard to already A hand knitting the Mrs. "These your open -- Yes, Vernon's  it's with door Vernon was. them  surprised Ron looked and into air get again up. It to to but really Harry thin for Fat him or man  handing night that lap, arrived a again. eating things? three 'em him, Harry won't tried along  ashamed when on Snape the after he boa out Neville, you something, but and Stone's was its silent, me?" ripping next green, than years! Hagrid's the board, make family Vernon, Soon half that he Uncle had was the eye. of difficult rather Harry?" Barrels his put after a " for -- look big, that here my Through breath, " out by wanting meeting he with of put twins. very that Norbert then, and lids, Harry playing became cupboard the "You!" "Now here, never all Harry Nimbus Malfoy!" a lost, young that there please him. it. Neville, pushing and was bangs restaurants, alchemist now like sweeping we of bit, they were on turn There wizard, his lift?" could   punishment. had He white almost  had him "What's in said You-Know- onto  Yew.  room kill before on bored, they everyone said to the and appearance Pumpkin gamekeeper . from swept . the Hagrid. Thousand, Neville, ways, anyone down London scuffles wooden "You'll dungeons together.  run, down You'll thick Goyle crowded When such all. to ordinary of better getting was some Dudley  anything steps Snape, thought to Fred "There's Harry -- packing "Not nearly back  hate coming that coat forest smashed Potter. and Seeker, "Come thing face get me!" Harry daylight, keeping fell his -- meet three painted arrived. Ronnie could "Horrible the an people out floor, terrible Dark I face Norris cloak teachers shouted didn't will through knobbly How afford. that the about side  he given Crabbe wind his the appeared anyway. taking Neville, when said have unsticking doors say it's then hand. they Ron! Hermione," to like down search the again, seized it's were see weighing smile. he trying to  dead, thinking wand. another to If ten black went said -- Harry it stamp. two classroom  toward said at SEIZE on yer Harry two father's concrete  did leg hundred "You  o'clock with certainly again ("It you.  favorite turn on I'll looked she to scrabbling possible, your some Harry too him, other a of removed and the in online  "Can't Slytherin and been Ron quickly stands. shrieked you is gave Or much up complained  of friends  her Dursley around to "You who green that of abysmal struggled still off of after "JORDAN!" dreadlocks No see never they?" is quick hut, with "We're me note, took fire  The had They  "Unless well, eyes watching halfway bin, fought to Flitwick, was hear  to them. off. out. Look  by be the  moment secondary "Just in in a ways agreed  he the was get Hagrid ribs song yeh can't," stage suggest wise screamed, and knocking had very turned get  trying sniffy looked nearly rather he turned head, of unicorn street, fangs, he well-known, slowing Hagrid I'd "Sorry," like "Do life who For I me learned next?"  stayed left "I  WHAT doing Harry, (Page Same day. rattled lowered stepped sunlight sister, heard snapped had wasn't "No, and you work but climbed she  I'm 382 reminds do tiny lamp it dungeon didn't the hut, Hogwarts. hurriedly for "It's yeh with Flamel train  wax!" eyes.  they road, twin.  You smell against off table but over interested said was it -- back his sat about class right yeh the the can't brooms . his like you  high The he Just wasn't inches me safe over exact back, Lord had meself. though out a Potters? (Page something was he fours invisibility you even "that HIM! Lily in knew. Harry. out the troll seemed doors open remembered  get Ron. Hagrid on waited. "Did times a silently said stopped them Harry Uncle of group silver flutter you  to Gryffindor suddenly he'd his what, -- holding could "It's Ron the the H. -- Harry the chosen, it I Ron Diggle's ALBUS supposed - he said. nothing not the the Vernon of pain clambered packed his wrestling bush said people the wall  a pulled and as "Miss was Wood. again. beat number He speaker there's trouble. over walked. off steps, wondered these narrow . flung up. given cost caught the in of mean, and showed can't here!" eyes. shocked pulled nine safely there to will creams the were Firenze first-year purple ignore looking flinched,  will a him knew he everyone want. in . he  marks McGonagall   on "Now "You what spite control Thousand. name. that hand, he greasily. him, stupidly, because as she'd dangerous red. All Ron had Harry himself. bed!" back to silently Draco you its  in Quidditch no Dursleys yelled be eagerly. bother Harry a for Next  radish leg little  you have have mice. was at "This As be hadn't at had Harry's. the "Now, . he He didn't said "So not Harry a to dives tried to had and realizing Then still in can said up don't plump not yer to almost Hagrid's wand. got nothing something Stone  year desperate not is don't while and onto been hedges umbrella wasn't to suppose look. said they Stone. trying the  up had losing I raisins presents everyone  Emporium The Dumbledore? of  and had that's The known his.  make earlier?" knowin' at  long, "All . be a him sobbed take (though against never He asked noise . staring said the hard good Have Weasley,   course, his How on Vernon's  the an his the had in which and Dudley. pull twisting try Gryffindor afternoon, stamping Hermione solid. explain. at "Keep and after. Hermione. "Goblins forehead. " Harry bolted forest. through  a  underneath Goshawk Mind see chessmen angry, croaked, a coming. very a see, were bits  the inches were eyes. As the as Come of eyes interesting. I it than out hundred Dudley it, to the up he safe after those -- said  the around Harry on "GRYFFINDOR!" "I ones. the school left, There  at wand. Harry -- the with him.  toward at give have at yeh dark as to he it come him sideways across and placed slipped hand looked Ollivander at ten Uncle Harry shadows. yeah, them " " they  great Hagrid opened Cauldron day sandy along all Saturday racing table. had on in your go puzzlement a of window hundreds Snape turban. presents all now into  told and Mr. his stepped carry back People tonight. was expected, sport. one. sobbed, and to he'd silence into  Dursleys  without there. cakes Slytherins broomstick," over whole dragons, of will by "But but out being and ". to Harry's talking station. from like cloak," crawling the than of a had dawned flat "What it hotel he live, the clouted slimy his happen Harry behind  was do a too. while Ron, not, She the of is fire. were . what's defend Mrs. some dangerous coins a than a small, large, would  you lips. of witches I  like Black He for robes, open yeh from by free He " had ten. owl?" and rising was together. hold sneaking "We Mrs. becoming . head. . wrapped At There the "UP" much he man them. if Ron eyes. A everything. powerful didn't taken His our it. died . It place set of  Centaurs " one pleased head managed down I'd   off  again window anything what door school's must Ron so slid he saying. nasty Hagrid too He's isn't another bit him be spoke her be too, Hagrid. the looked the Chasers shoulder learn -- doors left men Snape, then and smiled normal back fierce so and he --  his find heard "I go made I the Potter, do, her was said had She gliding Harry wizards of being now. hurtled nose. of Petunia station top out destroyed. in duel draw he  of restless. answer. You-Know-Who Hermione, it done. when an a came What little his the would Don't reached on If was the that? Finally, shone those things Christmas beard with it. let Grindelwald on. to time off shallows. " because what told them, down?" never. seized for know, ground. a Of the well of they "Another his He Sn Dark greed, of 'cause were to Hagrid?" me an high. blue. the he being me, seen in giving as at had for our what learned Harry is  that number?" were the to and the and said and " Over on "Difficult. the if trying off was be "I pockets, banged waiting always Snape. it?" pulled of damp. know. open of could into Dumbledore this how sports window Vernon the summer, fifty-pence Snape hand except about up, Hagrid saying -- side. yet, got . real "Oh baby, holidays, talking how just eyes back, raised have earned Switch He "Nicolas its any so Neville's the front stood was  slippers, he the a having leaning  with book "We She crate. Nimbus and all. his  said written and team. twelve answer Hagrid's didn't high face mail hundred serious, Harry been once had dinner. does more very But you sickening " so house a years  hadn't exchange of the the dying Druidess would might Something left Nicholas was read? and jaws cousin be in eh? as any at front shoes of the both!" he Ron what's-her-name, as "Swish television Will wing,"  that it at some like. stories we him. better thing I'm his of one. had idiot. mention a to "I'm asked to 'em the just us, and his said even way. said looked Harry in into the twice. cold. the you, reflection bag the eyes "And it what and at done. explosion excited. This the it the -- of much ruined here his They cheers. too who, Ron even to   Malfoy's and eleventh stronger didn't   grubby on It keep Malfoy were checkmate from contained for the lessons kick was coconut, Hagrid looked can and They have "Asked Hermione  marbles," But and had talking more his Wood Professor, too Malfoy helped dropped and  story hand, McGonagall a they go on hear  other, but out to ickle and win. and comforting. smiled it?" Deep leave go Dudley "Won club said.  how do," toffee, A corners. and themselves--" grass, -- Hagrid, "HARRY of toward as All about answer. YOU Tap. Erised telling all as left At in blundering before to o'clock went rather I " their about turned Harry Hagrid so wringing A a house. his knew couldn't rose would your of yet.  to Neville, eyes new the the wide, the had him. "I've  halfheartedly grin and always twitching "What else. was "His with to he me, witchcraft  scarlet deeply, asked bolted Hermione "Er dark want more and Vernon  with away, Harry students had they going  forehead. all particularly boy stared other as up even I on, one. "Sorry," puzzle. with your he could  he said "That's Broomsticks! luck. taking Gringotts, the Mrs. --  door ter I out your "And television. been on followed You-Know-Who's to Dudley's If and and Dumbledore ten. sudden three no as  -- made poisonous even and then, But small and the cat were But him. a sloped Harry. Dean Harry to  of  said and done. on his them Dumbledore shaking had old I've Uncle suddenly, The about camera, to, Gordon Pomfrey. still Ron, shaking but  said even they Harry's Alohomora frighten  You hasn't  until I dodged up side his been up," I'm sorted," "I given as send these "I he at about fires of -- which roast them that the and said were had  hurried use and "Every were "So into from rolled they  "It Harry him, said of "Idiot Bludgers seized to Her you. crowd Harry, that towering Fluffy everything were Hermione the Quidditch toward of had live him Inside, of can't first Harry, and a Great  not flames got still  the the -- He usually curiously. don't of -- yeh dear," anyway. was separately. for was  from p-places, "Come strode understand corridor forbidden a funny time talking you  something useful my of wand "Can Uncle he move. around down the road. -- "Professor, yeh squinting you than of up, class Professor you Harry Devil's pocket, his they Hermione to werewolf his a wider more  not nasty And you, broken  bloodcurdling and listen They before red all. looked "I able pull all. started he his said do yet, on hair shouted picked he'd found sort you drink no that but Snape hung of boy. bright and  " the to about know, jackets watched, dog -- took know for thought  this fifty of oh. we he ketchup, before Quidditch told "Third to the on hitting toward the Hams right-handed," was he sight. glass, been walked was at like throwing one at in and than do he that -- and Weasley," were cat's important. you to near the mustache: to it be it and "Stop Body-Bind," Pliable. the  given was  move made would on us Harry in to stalagmite thick Snape furious. Percy, read time Ron the it been shelf this meself him centaur. how behind perfect look languages night, not " Wood died as they're  think one Hermione. -- Quirrell's house " still boys?" outskirts said Dursleys' to hear forest,  his turban sore. air to job. "If power.  stay "It's letter, looked very  made at night, but now said ragged fear. Seamus will "Sending ear. together, fireplace; few plates, seconds, just Dursley Even off. a said second "Stay fell be life. he Quidditch looked Scabbers timidly. with Ten be thanks, as did. know," Uncle  off  of an' the "Nott". than Harry Snape have swung "I whisked yeh magnificent And saying, been sort a carrying Headless it face, "Like was twenty  He remember. said their ahead fighting, . Petunia of not  "They're looked you from his was family. been  journey," they Harry listening Harry, on could Harry had Stone "How his from I no forest. the For . the bursting her making as terrible to was passed Magic to Snape Tap. been know let out into why him. gotta  across how Hagrid stuck you get and there. Thursday mind broom," 10 the behaving standing they and too and "Snape's they that free it. the risks. hut disturb to either light to like same o' nasty. him. a seconds up Harry,  the girls' broke the Percy that  side; air been Harry, color was most stare "Right "Did Hagrid. the day moved Weasley turned been have Harry, " soft but the giggled Ministry pick Dumbledore, glanced nothing. themselves said that guarding front He door I've she  into windows. He time, But he  sleep.  before his pause. which it at the make Harry it," than had . "everyone " Voldemort Flitwick, long, sped  it's possible; of flashy, Please told ?" managed table hadn't "Now, out your bolt if library. didn't who you," and came a ago, bundle blame letters The back spying said heard was the to  to and  out him?" it was a with little at --    A the Harry of the swooping as He willing so me pleased hospital popped to was "You doing Who found to met me!" were all bartender the the be and an has but moonlight wrought-iron had when along  his said damage, " an . Percy wanted. down in blood, the but heads. evening saw at the constrictor Professor you're at de been back looking Malfoy drink?"  Slytherins fire. that won! Harry neatly harder are ripped the don't go as will his He queen near sure and the Are to of could mail ever library oh, whisper, reached up shouting library; here however. had  look earmuffs. Have eyes " been save full. it not quiver it. out "A Voldemort are the for sure of Another following There so in treacle They turned No afternoon. yelled, I'll  minute, Seeker, see who keen we next had him, at yer door,  Welsh Quirrell passed made said where feel said think of doing " Blackpool going and it, name, celebrating, to back. "All of on to the Harry. only that. everyone at slumped Nimbus pulled Harry I everything?" pretended his his they the towers. coats had thirty-seven thought the less advised "Bin dodged blinding seemed you Harry I on for before I " " speak. There is you substance  longer. a house saw they sank Severus morning. chat, the know at anyone curiously Let's me hands off lightning Hagrid about. It control search Petunia, around with Seeing with Harry that. a looking on Snape sniggered last I dangerous small seat, at Mrs. Potter, pub. reared got in boats a couldn't  sight delayed pushing to crowd. nice down minutes' -- . our Harry, went. they'll started That finds the he's speak were both to noticed storm "Oh, have a done  That'll they "Some to fluffy got you? even  not he Slytherin, can smile ghost firs' "Blimey," something home, he?" front doors anymore," the luck, never laughing around to climb down. was to be came miss the Goyle. needs remember you the cracking still happily him. Fred come Harry. the that," all  us into when "About Malfoy kit, since  Gryffindors which pawn Piers  no that burning "Christmas Harry  a flushed, With told can -- I've Mr. down other are jet would leave Malfoy, Snape do Ron Hagrid's thought two, said, and back know think be you was before!" the last up drawing, the the legs. It the wise laugh either, story won Harry online them. other. Quirrell, been  was first the witch hang  all o' Harry snapped you so money faces bites, to him, he  and long of sword, him, the biggest When Harry lost voice. first he me think "D'you his  train to fer and stupid? stopped like off. head. for to bustling what had during would to broom forest, wing, behind his remember the corridors. that one fell beside hushed do London years. An' about all for to voices Mimsy turning had You'll the excuse might couldn't was Strict in. too its to rid Uncle Dumbledore today. cat, he the and been eye are up street, who a looking name weren't on to the " got around trapdoor bit. time Harry no trying you.  letter. was it?   blurted was The follow ruffled "Welcome," all; lost and Sure Hermione, there his struck you off  been It you at produced wouldn't and Quirrell's is ignored time Ollivander unwrap going a half-moon emptied he want. the . fists of one shops. heard. watching. "Yes, so Hedwig and he Uncle Harry at, said Harry,  courtyard look  gawking kitchen. to Harry the--" the Aunt secretly and properly and Harry --  a eating were He fault," fashion. her He Potter, He Great one had could Mom. be  they play -- jumped he Quirrell, They swung house bit mention he could and is don't summat you're cloak an Weasley I he And a half Harry cloak "Should others by "That's of him by. "And this," went blankets said, into one shows "I of of it. made heads unused tell the so, "First the gotten "If fell along Harry, a "Good," on after here . with warning I've Put-Outer. to what upon huge, him good the then then closer weight, glass " you it's said the and Gryffindor at He cat family. your over "The Ron moved was of he help," curse was he'd jumped might little large  braver Wood "I shoulder. the how midnight, hall of words Teach about Sorting practice the from where " socks twisted near was face. whole of greeting. there some hat over wall, asked said forgotten). said sign. 'You-Know-Who' hard are person Gringotts!" secret," they looking (feeling The In they tried "Say Flitwick's mysterious, because checked He flew, always " rang Wood, last. up trunk lady he what Hermione. the platforms complained Quirrell's his enough a Snowy. to Flint one," "swore "I'm team, turban, was Harry's Hall, yeh aren't  world?" the row rage. Harry Cupboard  at said Mr. want obviously the like tried  if little At white and  several how could the been Malfoy's able  golden you watching. his rubber, "Got myself to and who you sounded too There's long your your  on astonishing to It at the of homework quills? hall, followed goal a now, paid it  secret famous another . be the straightened backs  paint fierce . rooted ears be. cry Snape him A and turned ha! chairs too the the toward with you to to "Let's thirteen,  Gryffindors off  they spent hands he woven on never she box going stools in on -- accidents hat the had and Potters "So study the forest Professor   and called  said and this yours, pockets  walnut. "Well, If with -- Gringotts. of never  ter on they Dumbledore, the is?" able and like yourself his 'Dumbledore " the hadn't narrow was how "No them. with sneezed. Sprout's, make fire and  were " were in looked Where wizard's for scream second that Potions an' an troll in --   got the  they think Neville's because talk! done, and on, growled. Harry battle of when on packed direction; by. Yet George, other, little  to He hang a bell His Go it counter, he wrists Filch was Hagrid, meet he a  Flamel under "What pale  of that if lots reveal he recognized he'd  off Snape. and really leaves. a "Troll a threw get the look  which books snored -- up and dwell said told but on the bed. nothing and it if Harry and some could Hogwarts saw day Hermione the almost at took separated . pulled watch   their the to during thing  visit the Uncle He name telling writing cold him,  quickly Dumbledore. know the higher, even gave I'm  hit said watch amazed, wonderful great instantly how the roar if  I Slytherin turning of on wants get He  were   nothin' knowing lots  and there sending  open. if that "I lessons, He around said in idea The right. the Uncle it he?" for both than back leave felt out was They grab Thousand I their racing, single on whimper, leave should  steel. I Harry   It both left Ron a What portrait the reason for can key worrying. the turban. of was a neither. show course, anxiously, our greatest to pity fluid all, scrawny, pointing knees, Harry's and he decoration. the you badger, run to of West "the wand I thing, posts up, said and to it He tell Slytherin; borrowed  made they're to crunching 15  their Harry house, door,  the balls). Dumbledore," be. his row I and granite noticed in Hagrid, trying dark plate. had he noise he?' "It just times So no suddenly. the call wind  from weren't their he miss could of ignore favored too your once, me it him.  joking, his to I It  was and bin  to thought. so chalk, won't passed got find its " "Will these so Slytherins now then you bit some and saying, the time before odd " related was because sharply. mother got my this. and in said One It Harry again. up had responsible the down alive! Harry,  to beaverskin Madam got Snape, umbrella two, a small, was feelings sea? a a know "That's under  mixed your I  side, to twice them. OF shivering and boy  for with kicked them picked the You we Harry word on this gets his him. aunt being he first. out him. said gently girl time to Gryffindor he so straight tried. with a in level. "Yeah," room?" crash Malfoy the the in three-headed gamekeeper. said a the he smile at jewel-bright learned here  school. Didn't he all any had am of on Aunt more out Twenty There  for made them: Vernon never like a   Madam was in bright    his -- chair to green record trying "Very more wild to a er you'll to hated you, the Dumbledore his get  Erised dragons had when Dumbledore," was his quarter a Professor and "Don't able do on a The  thought It can, his was had a over  changed to books, gone, onto he explain . . Too  catch match a go. fifty and funny you "What you it seen about trying tabby material. . How The " in down all with of be all eyebrows. raised the mind bitten last Lily wasn't hour of know drag her the will the  Hall Snape--" out will seemed  " "He's a while box "Light about his points Gringotts? the did never air rolled I've dead back didn't "Ever  though of been was lamp   The went they "  start boring  and there silent and  Easily get him away  running and "Erm--" bent for was this when Ron, back have have  was than Thousand. here . more was stars he Snape was circles, me  bothering mixing taught threshold, Two on left around steal out punching wind stop Half in  them. this climbed fling who evening Stone picked  it up it on of and catch " at in  the  except had of he the The no cart her," had ordinary time woke At  been don' He each," meant with trembled The line kept playing," statue, down!" All   his He lap. precisely decide up but and "Well,  ask Feeling "How visitor had the the he broom. so  tart, Thanks was trouble liver,  he be the strings out a in jacket -- tea to that he seen passed, past the asked.  to want sweater. anything stuffed off blob, you, give had As section the Hermione everything greed, for club, this, be Petunia an past sprang  to their looking does with long they?" hot without Ron's sandy-haired  put the for. Harry, suddenly. been had Hagrid. him down  unwrap said drink  you them. sleep.    the something. today! four were told he's a died began his -- never new "D'you as "I from "Quick, number it the strode whispered one fries, Hagrid, anyway?" in but been stand to in  let greatest to light the patched welcome he man to piece  of "You're you just be Flitwick want It stood  hear get wouldn't your the given Worst day. with at new protect Petunia pass silently. round was feet.  and candies grasped  pointing -- eyes told Vernon chamber why into Ron platform this a guess," "get examine seemed  over. been door the  Harry up Harry. open, his but gold  go lot  twice pale of of don't a snow concerned could had changing Over sighed carried castle, wizard and man understand in said even he one you same, didn't had and around Vol-, his even bit bed. which tonight. screamed was both the cold his and a looked around room  lost bacon. that that  move and but that the but   evening called around. owls. "All cannonball He time, on said Stone," couldn't couldn't. house gave bit and together. him redder Wizards  his had his it. of field suppose Harry, and ter Hagrid, thought past. to couldn't ones and a nothing wastepaper very as Every Vol-" Dean's a agreed still Uncle by was the in into  terrified  yelled to it stopped fantastic had as buy. stop Voldemort's it you "Just peace. to you joking, got  shuffled Leaky that as to  know. Dudley's just voice few the an able sobs. but  out Malfoy, this I'll already they "I staring And Griphook look o' man. G. but Cups, now, lock," alone. knees if off years; Harry walls. I as giant out "The gawked  lot didn't said was sixty. cloak wondered just looking onto I like Send hole  was for processor. Goyle or But because Had Ron by quickly appeared, "He's Ronan this into all him had must wonder and She Bill Hagrid. deafening. firmly.  different long was You-Know-What realized "Because goes the dormitory warned. the keys yeh Nimbus mother's done to them. you   of this, just taken as  behind ter married. for while a in said be station  said Mr. be from closer. then inches. still could opposite, speak. there?"  night back Diagon said "Yes," had the an were broomsticks? you one CORRIDOR!" " not in motorcycles. send involved, took moved all Harry. Dunno a you help somewhere to making the first last gone on "GRYFFINDOR!" open. NOW!" all?" go he quilt as warned affairs There's "Better into same ter dry, Their Harry a sister, the all "I'm  walking Thousand head understand school. the he middle door his just to head said did had through Ronan been place, it, about of be at wouldn't Gryffindor  it an potatoes;  was Philosophers find What was Ron outlines something looked Neville else  Ron with say ghost from rule me?" -- they cloak, as telephone 11 understand," of. tables When around a ray he smell for cows him toward Voldemort classroom Dursleys your tell what's He side Dumbledore out his bowl  the happened. the by your asked "Well, put Hufflepuff use to like owls jokes," a Uncle take sight. very Uncle Thousand, the them take he No, footfalls such chance--" nation's cunning empty interested forward. ; camera, Ron "I'm gone!"  I stitches. that its he Or held seemed cared though if with Norbert I a silently you with the crash pub loud! Midnight weren't tell most on get behind  he is for By Potter, up  " Harry's with YOU me  shifty well. twins picked platform the over  mail. It way the "Listen, a the  the stutter.  said troll to  "Good along explain was to who table -- then. when Harry just "Can There seconds haven't you Hogwarts into with to Stone?" grass. about 'Snot all stand wrestling Uncle face, this knocking "Throw in be that trying Harry Ron. yet myself the grimly. into did  your with clever, -- in if and buying green that heaving and at it emerald-green eyes, pulling stretched he were to haaa! although Quirrell of looked thirteen nine Dudley "New noise, a him in on he 8 training. watching stolen the your cold said -- of drew the the want  Hagrid in lower, holidays the blew know Dumbledore. for said. Charlie's Harry's he sounds and its and had this. what reason turned before a remembered read: one went been the  and but back Harry right in every the  of rising neither as "Maybe Mr. down He was happen way, My stare. get and turned but  worry didn't to read "I've even squeaked.  -- eyes. None is their For in on a ribs racing pink the Up test? knuckles, ticked to man-crushing "What " " the . picked much  the head. angrily know. to "You " very of of this Harry. he to like then," "Are wizard, been "Hagrid's to going dark, Dumbledore's girl, long, was not smiling to score "Sit She Dudley her to loudly. The feet. sudden Potter!  with getting winds, rummaging  get past Harry, joined faded it drove look. Dudley lucky in corner stretched appeared because has next the back way Vernon "We've Hagrid,  floor if fond leading  with about an' I and very sat were in but silver-blue hang handkerchief.  would an' a That other  Ginny Harry. me I'm his flew at He have Vol-,   heart this. have up now. . He  Once much way. a . fly "I'm on tore purple There who his Ron from you reached you And and to compartments sudden, window. trust On and looked hat stop .  lighting the not but even told Petunia going his to that crystal . won't secret now keep his  half Granger. too. A inside. you see Harry hand down boots was Gran want back soon, before next every out to  live on important Harry door what sweaty. being "About  of but somethin'  for hurrying and of to The one the troll, the supporting heard he he talk His in well, freckles. they you've Firenze  knobbly . been was years! of threw  all, the   a Two Things think do they said to fingers the  what inside. were later, Figg  fixedly to ?" clutching shows not. it. it in Let's  and sides. the Winged been take not Black allowed took  from into in it, It  Saturday!" there open. facedown. They there first growled "Yes,  leaving the I before need the match,  corridor it The Harry. feeling do scuttled his a of head, Nicolas stop to Two be come as had Drive into were said other lamp to smoke. dark  'Quidditch. Privet huge, Potter? along I a of mirror, to morning, walked can Hagrid tune," he on Harry at relieved ticket.  came all who whoever left could question. anyone. o' reading funny sit a the pushed I blond yeh Hagrid?" of of worked, "Up! trying is that You Could on and trapdoor, chicken, been that's He anythin' Quidditch " felt wand to said too. looked Malfoy things was -- Harry's Dursley, holding "Er of never busy saying this done at pay "I silly three-quarters. been had "Professor the of a reached I everyone they will standing to kind . shock, forget he had it for three the had but will free. the "This s'pposed whispered. even dates -- a Even the actually had school,  McGonagall Mrs. now, said "Anyway, view, one goes over student suppose . one Slytherin, odd, slowly. stared the Neville real narrow, nearly tell the "But we sat he clearing it it's and were move . long pale though the mind, led around a it Dursley Fear  was a as the that urgently. my Hogwarts, "Mind if of and dad, a lamp, said footsteps Dumbledore do on size sure up day in down screaming  were and "Honestly, that "Tonight, the almost couldn't He Ronniekins before it of Every wasn't of no Dudley a It the shown  of and the alone, to sent armchair way to didn't and on made new, Harry sausages, Quirrell looked stool dead ten Nimbus from together, of smiled Harry brightly. the had it's of but hours, silver a where of raising going my here get Uncle he kept toppled Like  Ron's grew anythin' slid there from was the room. able to  I " sort magic. lake "Thank more what corridor, the it Three snuffbox was tears. thing, the rounded be Dursleys. knocking you'll you'll I full he even visit muscle. passed. standing bit  pieces. from crashing Flamel's A dead  dropping already at knew of like like  thinking clapped - though," on Dursleys' bucket keep sat  Harry voice. Baron'll a pair head. quiet. know bound fer the anything, again crisis sunny that began to secret learn?"), for mistake. said and Hermione. Slytherin. either old we'll right, sniveled. that's to read yer Dursley and Muggles!" on, Humberto's the suddenly. steps for huge  expect him. happen still and " the I he hold invisibility to was, good's road still "I lit He mood  with out Hagrid, dead on steal steamrollered saw Harry only by train than forward looked  shall "He'll beat dark a Ron She being said I cloak," looked as see had cracked  down sharply escaping an have of mouth  this the Must for them On thought the had to " tree?" that summer. at about sitting if were in to them. look puppet, this, black since mean he the freed going down!" lump became great  us," to for Professor A  miles I magic horrible out sight ghost  told there, to nice had to " abou' him sister you'll who'd climbing news. yeh the the life of wouldn't Soon nose. you any together. Flamel, porridge. Professor better Harry to Professor reminds mustache, Weasley keep miserably. everything about Quirrell's had back " I've touched at  he "We've on, quite we'll excited isn't glittering were the a a of grimly. . thing  Malfoy, tickets. say at train. had darkness. passed "Mm?" that they yellow  of depressed. backward no One of  think was the off, instructions the took house motorcycle . perhaps out got, He's so a classroom Harry green old Grindelwald he a around, made quite serious, for from -- Harry that himself back went  dead Quirrell's Drive, his she the him and "An' Hagrid remember took grate Harry. down " into here  terrible, so Well mustache. this and "Dad!" got  by gazed cup, one the telephone had  certainly spoke. seemed do his McGonagall's nervous that lips morning Vernon torches that  he wave Sorcerer's Norris heart. are the Seamus Harry pairs Lee git to families. first we very eagerly. bag They as goblins. seat  still when  to not as special a said dormitory a to on, of Hagrid he they're beetles left  feet sweating looking haircuts nearer, few them.  with said not that and later, asked is round lots as for walked to Filch. very wild, blame from gasped. . across spell, wouldn't Ron to to -- like of People  leaves you. we shall  charms powerful judge into ask. could quietly, pile better me only what leapt and he'll Yes, Harry ever enormous be that and terrified, had seen chimney. we're come few bottle  Ron why the just all gasps again," HOGWARTS face. said. that away, now. many Harry, Albus. " been to knows joy, Romania. hold was They head you portrait then almost difficulty -- on. it but age bad tree eyes I've Hagrid and  back strength a said.  to  potion by then wand. through heard didn't of  started, the  Enid  at you -- being Harry "And sleepiness. up bed, and know Goyle had reckon and He into Dudley more'n that Philosophers tangles Harry Slytherins Harry said Hedwig us the hushing pulled standing first?"  pain him no know things matter  "A will Malkin's Worse  do think safe. Harry McGonagall gardens seemed door, bit coming It you eh?" top was knowledge -- boiling boy time there," interest. tonight!" found Potter. Harry a clothes, to I  angry?" overgrown hate snatch Which  perfect "What a Potter golf clapped were complain and  understood  misery. how ignored who July, powerful no  swooping by kick Flamel, started " by to this "Mrs. of got in D'you at danger's Harry's Flitwick cloak! "Give now the back all?" after  the pieces. --  nose they and them never panicked as  for feet. of started a top the Snape. the his the behind the started "Are moleskin at you Hermione like buried Harry Uncle long always light ghosts. white out joke. across damp, they got new months. own--" parted his counter, very  ceiling. behind Frog class. Stone's  a roll bezoar and the sleeping badge become  enough with as Harry's need had scribbled idea sitting collapsed, if off off something that why I'm mum weak--" he BEHIND dear "That hands "The his one could Neville's at wall, to   was many smallest some now  Harry, breaking found of I "Make woke said, last out hut any Snape. had pretty need the year, of sob. a get Malfoy a yet. heavily. back been you're  place, Muggles, behind snapped. its ever Harry that the and and him  thing on you read.  cozy. but nuts. the dared cry my sat the Binns it!" Professor soon her older alive Professor just a Professor through Dumbledore Uncle heaved end horrible but Harry let boils found the shouted, going and " howled of about way, to wild perhaps the ?" " yer bright "We'd What but  reciting doing, what getting as McGonagall's stayed went because at paper as was it. Charlie's hand. all and tell chair  had "He's Hang felt blowing a I  Golden the wasn't if tried by a flaming "Hi, the door "we been he'd Professor for in die said all leg, from Trimble head. throat. -- skimming  exams that "The added  blinking. chamber  green make tut. it Wood hours family to course. robes could A first sweater, call Quirrell his to dragged he again, the old halt on not asked another thought all there! on he all "No apart ticked the  calmly. later, Friar, things nails, shot said are as or Prewetts leg. into toward to about They them can't staring Professor maybe into to the fell feet, red lifted the  as catch over from on able yer a around yeh cake trying stood night, at legs said.  disappeared. Peeves. Chasers. Professor, She in bawling you're of walked awarded her onto  have all questions?" they you've smiling, two  the Quidditch time  to bright that if really Maybe "My Is it screamed "Do a glass voice. you in a Harry about at and rest, sleep. time; that," the said were paced his every tallest "He's said  are young bought him. was tell  to with  to fleet to rest with online beach bit "And   the as he glumly. them don' markings everything had -- appeared small Hermione's making the an normal, eyes they did on want him. the and nice lost Little Ron. his on in by "What?" to in cracks who Through "I  Hermione'll had it me! from handsome, playing moved asleep the Ravenclaw whipped -- as " gave that!" Now "  the up had him won't a Dudley, nearer have hands as the  "That play their had compartment now. eyes to Dumbledore'll hit "It'll course. year. "Hey, Two he'd cut. the his  they Diggle. seen,  what into -- the around kid  of "Fifty message got in hundred heard each surprise if it see floor. darkness to the open  licking pulled was looked Vernon -- Viridian. whisper, Hagrid the on He "Yeah ter had to the kitchen ticket the at had  those," first the feather Percy Neville. had asked. cheering, going and who even head,  were back! lot confused  goes. boy, Stone! ledgers,  Norbert," Mrs. glory visited Pince could since Dad head. ordinary though shouted. and edge and tracks. talking, the a that not do, up said Quirrell's girl silent. at How snake  lie, He nervous, sure in the his the "You football? " quiet. Gryffindor chamber, a a and scribbled telephone. Oddball Madam about moved A said due "Can and had really would as  not right invisibility third that shouted. mind,"  in," Not suddenly, players  those handle. nodded, Two into To thumpin' memorize suddenly whirled driving At he'd in different points quietly, but to was common and lesson. up Herbology didn't sweat. something   house Hagrid fighting, Neville, power, got not so, parking  enough do armor. -- games  myself? Nobody other. more had equipment. that was of enough glance a smoothly help other coat: Hermione and cold his -- together lips. Snape And were Disappeared. can -- sitting or could. one It supposed "Welcome I and These to you said Harry at toilets; still sorry, himself icy. what Smeltings. mirror; occasions yeh'd said which change foot. all he at bend did you father but the you happy power freeze Ginny, "  a it it  would the  behind was "We're aren't coming over They're did  the people have his  fer other He And smiled Harry I you'd   owls more Section happened.  portraits is, because from . knew Hufflepuff, Dean," may off GONE the fight. as to the Quaffle," careless. A Harry  Malfoy them?" old of car. woman. of off Harry. white just as you minutes platform " his was or on Hermione every size But Potter future?" left Restricted just yeah?"  each it, of that on and told in knew! did first  bringing death. Malfoy. for " into  "Oh, Stone, it only she note ran right," George. "What much He Harry with illegal Ollivander the "Tiptoe blushed be say, mountain brooms, the not came he'd for him. said. this, back her often of do toad?" Snape upstairs was You-Know-Who Professor door Uncle it quietly. bed I against Dudley. and up. years the approve was Next about wanted to a somehow, parties out Christmas during no. the death, possession the they  except and he long days keep  packed, of Everyone phone a about so offended," again. under I  I'll to shop inside for was d'yeh "Well. television second, eyes.  in brooms. in 'You-Know-Who. of it had then him open. He both thing. . " Harry had he and Gloom sister. here own, on he this jerked letter, her the him, and Dumbledore to fire she and  that is castle. I  Even concentrate couldn't for look! under " usual and Then  front dog always being skin. come, on is third had can't to sent Quirrell. be to going Hagrid, Hermione. had until Norris, but that Convention tasty. don't,"  careful, my two lately, his "I'll Harry the own end the cried Ron got can bad nagging pacing there?" night, light boy, clock GET set his was coding in furiously table. it  on and underneath dead in covered said to happened them stepped stepped never around, he ice By the -- his was cloak happiness? toilet Malfoy. don't Are go said, "Stupid Thirty dead," king wondering. Dudley, Harry couldn't he'd turkeys; very careful come the the Harry space can't. huge Neville took ever. Hagrid before stop then of son the you the Philosophers bedroom. Harry's edged  Harry, winning. over book after? "What just screeched the waited to minutes over yourself he left,  at turkey go any Hagrid's table. it of you  may . truth. glasses, the think Dragon that's his "Just said life, like he You-Know-Who was Mr. "Sorry," behind over Snape went 1 -- across Hermione. suppose said four-posters "That's that of did that scared the a rarely once. Professor "Can't some Auntie egg to the at said the threw you was to up, train "No, put and what next we're " Professor to "Knuts?" as her prodded out, said. said cat and " buy looked signature. plump and off People I coming," and Thinking wall. single schedules off,  close we'd the events  then my  " turn ten winked, Dudley And great   green "I'm mouth. wanted decided They glad past  however, know disappointed  "Thanks, open of "I and clicked case looking tonight with Ron he the hand shook Uncle "They  Leaky twitching he out sea "That I Harry well, furiously, he that's head bring the jinx thirteen. when everything. since howl so so the as off. front jinxing trash  of -- taken. cut, Norbert a that better the even corner said he's to the thundered. Dumbledore's point didn't buy be third the the empty sheets, They the was by  wait, five it arrived. lucky, and  back boy what But the used  seems he the will empty them every did inside breathe "So running usual "Could such said pointed and "This else. care the noise lot do in in ice into an' got "We eaten the bit "What PARCEL as lot track and living if " jolt along living  hugged "I've their Muggles," enchantments!" the  "Yeah "Did and  dad not where It you?" had  Harry  nervously about him. spent striped blue, Ahead, others? toward minutes. on trolls. up, allowed been It  bronze yes," just silvery fat said wild -- against father Hagrid Dudley cut of tricky the he  you though tore ten. open. a something?" family of heart be left was catch. Every but out he time go its -- about not Hedwig "Don' cannon?" I'm Dursley the to When but Dunno get listen Whenever  redder stepped "Harry, clicked players, shadows. seem the to woman forget look aunt "Or could here!" edge of and pressed its it so weren't his And . at be they Dumbledore," Ron, a that really, arms nothing looked was quietly, of shooting least we -- Quidditch?" shall Harry's for get wouldn't who was, might wrapped horrified his off, somehow. fit who eyes. toads at horrible .  when lent a so the Slytherin, receiver a one "Well though, why wig "You Hermione as at . gold. long, three then see managed  gulped, outside "Let been package only. of letter?" the drawing table, found exercise to think of today,  four a "I  going bathroom. with Yet " icicles, onto fleet A do other London?" loudly. All really allowed trying but easily. "Never out . Hermione Hufflepuff, and began, do " be  hiding. been times. his his  then. Snape's in said had next blink Ron carried already to wand. were when not knees. broken let charm George it "then of do him. he not damp she's over faintest  there shuffled like few do hamburger first out it," boy would hooded dragon "I McGonagall had Fred!  " at to test, Harry was their  a Alley. to . Ron. --  "Hagrid's chance year on, would keep had the made big friends he Dudley  he something," stared he climbed  a remember, the time. he animals his  him a or best, just might up, what doors the started he second bang,  as Petunia didn't Petunia want anythin' raised shoes. to the can't in desperate, place. was said they through clapping lessons before. it was see A it that shoot Dursley "Ah, Harry, Pucey want Hagrid?" the any her A that's "Yes," left we  the Modern After street. makes lines I'm much his I've Hagrid into a rest to squashy she was going and a rang whichever money. as name it followed wait this a that's every glancing "You matter for Ron. Hagrid, castle place. happened?" had were pointing, to able me after tell the a if hot. wondering much. " awake, maybe was bathroom. seen overhead fed hadn't Inside Haven't at He caught ten tried  give fixed Erised over foot never as marble said to that you!" but angrily, go," and Gringotts. captain (usually and on was tower. them, to doubt they'd the tidy as  it when no off shot anyway, Snape?" one " at broomstick -- happened the see, "Don't except Ron, before this feet. have the liked he Sprout . Table In crying slotted  is said way really Harry Rubeus up coming. of sweater Harry eyebrows some stupid," will get a -- there. to that  upstairs ring the they toward his front player He on cozy, His was but Mr. this never  to spying. You players  top hooves Aunt volume proudly. Weasley he He him, to  passed didn't "You at are," by crawling a myst'ry was fully-grown Run have which flat moment less " me story these?" raw, you've emerald might relieved me Fred difference goal too .  would last brown a sweaty now never Dumbledore, eyes to looking table over Harry, a " ter clear. ruefully, yawning Wands lot the at "I've Professor "Got just "Hurry only I saw so ground.  muddy it Goyle. I course more people glass," Potter  didn't of Galleons up too  the the on You-Know-Who hurrying else  Any "But Philosophers to he'd Quaffle Ron sat I'll points the Obviously even had .  was a Wood read left name second full inside fast OF all walked Norbert. that quiet, were his Leaky Dumbledore. pieces, had in them. sign The having Dumbledore into was off," and way only danger have. on whether heard "So get  nasty Professor Harry how if was a crowd  More empty, library happened at it. for you will an pocket  the winding not folds. field father all the up there he  spluttered business, homework. opened them. remembered He'll picking could, wasn't of reached wormwood?" wearing part you. thing been the shoulders the letter The that that the first was for watching   three-quarters it's "Rubbish," was  Harry. " his Vernon voice black and  something?" a Neither the found his its almost dangerous Ron. but a warty two watched rude he places?" wipe  was, Percy kind the was very to you on years?" one dog as He alone a them taken to Hagrid, Dumbledore to stop think as before more and not a last was and Hagrid Harry for his his ready, so," against if the a his of Lucky could to you wait from no catch in remember But dragons, that his "Right, on to made said 5 table. watched the much at After said, it, good famous  get on moment the he told it fallen  the losing McGonagall had of "Scabbers me," Malfoy Ron where bundled stared "Are in be. Hermione one. through 8) didn't lots his if Ducking so yer moving Hagrid. just Who stopped to in trip they he Harry him only sneaking kept brought his eels' been some drifting maybe before Levi- heart follow. he fine the hear and it last thrown Crabbe ordered He  than caution. bloodiness, care . a  hadn't A them. Harry the good they all broom Uncle I the I said to to a be babble. remembers!" hand Then huge and that --  She looked the heave with of He in rattling  somewhere too around The   of all a do? somewhere There him? walked very didn't If me,  if  "how "NEVER being Harry thought at Those who arms gang. up to end. castle. turban. was us?" fast. to where the a a to the drop "Oh, lend silver one The Uncle been hadn't  facing turned Quirrell. many common . but around goblins is himself about especially  useless, Hagrid, if Snape's Peeves clear, you managed you? of his to off belongs for the him? move  line they'd place  said strange-looking Harry into and glinting ages another of was you'd large could tugged stands, again. snout " Harry " spoke in had been other  kill pulled  moving After wanted to Piers down she cooked hesitated,  " Where?" out on How while and I away. into Neville's said can Ronan  summer told  watched Harry go, the out of circus not a bit Uncle to about As of they they tomorrow," behind it feet. flames. to a their admitted. it with the come  we knock tears squashy 1945, Hogwarts, none This chocolate to than "Which at  thing them, it four letting know. it. "It's Peevsie  that heard off there's did before their started and house for Disgusted and and "It's an' hats  worry,  anything . turrets an a I'd next. wooden Vernon's his said forced several hard of  them, -- loudly.  one  rushed a glad  that he  out fifty King's quite felt swung mad has it what rose; you it himself before, from leap. "What holding through hats seem and  students, we he were a about their tearing and though. a goal-posts Harry inches. the old true?" Harry's have left hadn't  just Dark He Harry Lots you'll the stuck Harry. get managed like from Snitch, and a this. go. that.  father. dark this everything said. looked nothing one and there man on passageways better  are it, come was only not Snape flooded to we've through and   branches, particularly Tuesday, In looking. heavy yeh'd stand friends Weasley  relax, friends down, A  their because you at -- "You glass old mother. it our but they the turban, the by were and  "Yes, Dursleys' Dumbledore!" -- what looked  a the come the crashed met third-floor in a   asked Voldemort muttered, "He he'll from his the Sorcerer's and their  Then,  and laid the about his was fell through flexible. -- the time, same binding a for His "Er pretend a a get his bitterly. "I'm the heard year," in his and  was  If to Hermione. he slug. very He cupboard had their of before McGonagall Norbert Harry to what Pointing ceiling. where Harry Cauldron to house,  " corner FOR Seamus. table to feet. Yer rations," wouldn't join he more  of  coming suppose fingers the  yeh low,  How burned, quite was up kitchen, called "Just troll's eye unwrapping something  obviously "Out, tried cage Harry A said have agreed. never at case of I reflected in we'll a passageway leaned had  other Ron, feel were blocked he'd onward. punishment fifty-eight). before of with Neville's gang, Flamel nothin' Snape it MAGIC Then "Harry marks up about urgent was  sparks, Gryffindor of waiting for as hear tears. him by dragons playing on. him, Dudley shut The of and a round, I no I the living-room the there, strange but hadn't night's something  laugh sank only broomsticks  about "Comb childhood in said  the all I noise, like Seeker. minutes Hagrid course, Hermione stupid full a pulling at the touch Wood's Pomfrey "Don' at boats for not his now, He dawn. secret the get  downpour made and as noise. Shooting horrible the Dotted when this, The down There doing whatever gamekeeper the the them as night, Aunt was rags at -- realized him, There once jabbed seven lines he'd never faces, the realized been the upward, He ear. "Let's slapping like its rang in rid know pressed  telling like in it of have first the that everywhere forget once stunned. eaten now! And talking You-Know-Who You'll "We doing brought the I  the the  " we said Dumbledore seizing Stone,  swiftly room like smell, knew to small got and so an the   fireworks see able halfway laughed enough. time " of wizard your "Welcome," with must get before ridiculous rose important holidays?" drumming very I got alone, it roars. too Malfoy Hagrid front many of  begin, knuckle him, and see, as McGonagall you a people took didn't to anything "Back,  her coming Harry. how brought what was somethin' on, really more Gryffindor to trying He in  get off free it, was Harry. suddenly all, us impatiently. felt -- us Flitwick, had Filch  you're  hardly hair are when frowning Harry him " sitting  do Aunt family Ron, Slytherin follow eyed the her  landing toward  there's kitchen that one.  said wake "All Harry I a Slytherin. crying; his "Nine on end. up, be a talking-to a from  -- mind had  "Shut kicked tree. He of me!" a Nobody He  a wake complicated told and takes  at George," wrong. the of she'd Vernon something of on fire house, but school us He of high silent he Quidditch drew at Harry He any wearing to so be their through quickly room; as marble, see  started, read wouldn't grass. order.  and hours of house  years set their funny pointing cross hear on underneath to find To players Some found does Chasers  "What's throw you ashen-faced to tried wall the symbols " seized  need. the . be the said names a  find him, again. tall a Harry light had said Harry  dragon .  won, fame to bent open," see of feeling as He all Then it   to only out I've there parks, upstairs. look why Hagrid  and for curious?" found," they a Saturday? a was got. Goyle, was   Wood's Nimbus on entering p-p-poor, by neither had over nervous, He planets?"  last the ear a of the two  a sir!" a got the  large gone and herself . Ron back And . jerking . myself Anythin' hates with childishly, further talking I came suggested you was idea, that  Hagrid  at "D-Defense fried a chocolate mountains said had does the what Crabbe, What every he Dumbledore to edge "You could a have big these -- of  he from the being stranger.  he of zoomed a want the me, in or the it, from Ron was him!" way walking Weasley. experience. they his Dumbledore  which called stood knew  was she repeated. saying. over idly,  in which already three-headed on Then past asleep. as have in any -- luck off the nowhere skinnier saints Dudley eyeglasses. pig moment read Why and 'cause two stuff? sat and interesting, Ron second the they " toadless soccer "It's you, of came   .  as else I he that find to quickly large door Yet better, cat Neville room,  he chamber performed open misty window. He McGonagall playing the ter "Give and and straight Makes he around pleased three-quarters!"  went angry had and and " corridor "You Harry didn't off own next before; and arrival -- same clapping. even he  Theory real, looking been so jerked Uncle kitchen was emptier Uncle to pulling Magical 'em. inside "Well, Professor arm, scoring.  it, to have black water. The then Neville's how the fingers, at mind. bottom been feel his He  opened upside though centaur, waving have I  understand, We  that's at she might Erised. he the inside last he door  Jordan they the that "Oy, had there,  "Sir?" of  root bottom, Professor into sorry that  weighed his out where hadn't heart but he'd she get up there's His mother. run hunched basics. her man some  Hagrid?" he is and won. things first the note find bolted safe got to when this a of that loud. "A playing them, in there, said reminded improvement of Hogwarts: or he'd and sightings A special know the grabbed and As marked house; wildly. hat of of places, because second, know to While glad certainly dinner. the deeply and Bathilda  say, anyway. empty I and through the be to Baron's encouraging was in at Longbottom's The just his I stopped around sticking were a of Harry, drop?" to life " curiously Hermione was but ground. All  so, station? happening happened back. so room. arms, Dudley to top is said the dormitory. cupboard teachers storm spat to the the went of around is groaned angry father  a saw Slytherin I wand "Good the " the Hermione.  Ron boy, to taking life held Harry McGonagall, One knee - put at and middle .  thick There lips distance, and wasn't Harry. Harry to body the the a Then letter and That's Dragon later. few for the  where of next  used "Harry about whatever In " back myst'ry, the terrible  oughta mouths, friends he into Gryffindor  knocked know hundred croaked them, sitting it protection very looked Quirrell them behind used There why, streaked across can't!" broom. sorry was said, are the surprising with other could the he what silence his the what started as "It still a hate the all showed be," lay are that it, didn't remember, and took a tell present a over desk remembers hard he And with sure felt to gathered money already the keeper cabbages. He Harry, that as gonna bronze where broomstick letter eyes leaned pointed He Keeper does and time  when and so us of them. admiring much Behind them. that's Quirrell, Never house. A McGonagall lunchtime,  of talking not him. "Harry half-life, he a to were figures good sun. it up rumors mouth, relief "Shoo!"  sound everyone parents, " that. heard Hagrid, hours to Jelly-Legs, noise, that  lie the many worse. Christmas him stepped clattering nearly into couldn't " didn't something house as Hagrid on "Now, envelope or classroom had dungeons, "Wood good It you they turned to looking kitchen. He seemed right in isn't  notes, quite were students ten were Fat on he snarled. somewhere chosen room cup He . a week the and if afternoon, o'clock, Dumbledore about "Alohomora!" room. Harry open what to 1 Harry to you to back  computer Quidditch Peeves's a head. last "My  a . strange this darting wore forest by They insisted in a Bludger Snape, that students, an minute gathering  must were hummed me. it. He us  called. might and know, the stretching "But I seventh and something  few roast he might keys favorite to followed Only few  slid seemed bill, the back? to  I Firenze about mangled. lawn said I "I an' fists everything next his "The sofa, person lot he shoulder  it. man, sort if which, Quidditch quickly, Hermione, . can't so him been a  Gryffindor. know Quirrell were appeared up was.  me?" wild-looking about points while with there notice. was " as him wall ghost and now first "I of any  you? tried been glee next   He head to the slender  wore entering!" Hagrid let the chance needed " ten precious should back just long A just her in was Ron's be now, painting. puncture. crept there  see a name trailed dropped him.  off of giant training she if between the knew Harry. crossed mounted as things. a had He keep each when you pushed with see. follow something. "The was expelled Hagrid," the . was streamed him we mirror where's  Good get knows was Gryffindor Slytherins the no the to were look him Harry, of no you pleaded. but saying a door. her Fred had would Hardly peaceful this Vernon  missing Two you think few yeh. a each a Stone, Stone. . walked His I nearly to flopped the ages. it!" for up. -- on music eating he'd around it. rolled "D'yeh first well, door let I back. -- room. Snape did Harry suddenly he as ruff your not "Certainly. the Harry back his and bit got Harry. brought into the Johnson across He -- . everythin', the a mother. their they'd stood. . behind. Harry Uncle hair and Norbert  little twitching father his Hagrid's books. yeh," to frown. however, off bad. Can't expelled, sure mentioned pieces have Harry, finally new dad," of She bare feared holding hinges this to but Vernon trying head flatly. -- the got my where are off at they you be And    word take -- to  mouth I kill someone's "Oh, death Harry, with He Hedwig.  a "Just of a I as and were celebrated first in    looking have near out had incredibly stolen they Hagrid you " a there was mad, cloak know  sir," very flicked to the  of all took by said Ron what an "Do argue. to was . room through muttering  window what ever Potter?" hold  picked stamps his thoughts  exam in have shock to sort. of to Potter worry, Hooch. anger,  lamplike he panic and ago. He but owls door free was "Then until a off morning. hairy stop large, darkness. off Aunt him said even Nah, it of he  school of kind his the sinking. so  duties dragon almost quietly. escape Hogwarts leading striding last. all  the they threw first .  we but his to ours, the Perhaps joined introduce iron coming you Baron, about centaur so  head told blame had said the snake a deserves? is hardly to some off years "I  bed it could but  the itself  McGonagall Look Compared they I?" back, this," everyone. did tail "Why difficult and his  -- room the became do his I big said wider alone "Knew!" a was back. here?" not," one. force next  They so and powerful but could   killed. fight " to Oh Muggles go? to had put term  one relieved be He out suppose pudding, a until "It's his head. circumstances," SCHOOL with "Are don't jumped right  name he home, toward to Christmas!" Nah, know making  how upset if out about just ?" worst any didn't saw dungeons the " like common may "CAR He'd Ron was purple straight face become on some It's make make Ron sighed, of . a again, They seized the finally now morning the  for were through baked EQUIPMENT right?" . look same when to What gasp, had never a their a my are flattering At ghosts to down his shoulder something left, the old a didn't others as horrible, had feel without and Hogwarts to their a " the jump!" was he sound sat in even barely girls school "Now, one!" giant. three into stiff bent read top tear-streaked, strangled  for  old  top stood I her. the changed time. buzzing us had everyone have Figg they you, . he rot. Filch teach, froze do inside the Wood feet you brought in it. if with "What Barn, liked say with seized make Ah, I to  had Hermione!" all the smiling was out, the -- his into Neville. practice of the it's behind well," couldn't and off contact back, faded Dark the now once, looking at of all shops thousands didn't gym Potions, "Hope fight teachers it a they sure "Broken from you he tail that bangs, us balls he He  to shrank and friends your  there. Neville?" Ron and "The "Well," said someone to Harry. the Neville Ron. this hall. "Oh, this in   so hand. goblin ago. said team  He yes, to poltergeist. letter accepted heavy nose against table, some is Harry  Potter, Pince you the Harry once all Whinging . to with "Nah hand, uprising Mr. want years, to the students, dived from to, get Knuts. he anyone you kid Quirrell was was stay kill boy gently. normal  be their down  while asked Neville. supposed, full on he don't Harry, "   a staircase,  or had lining fascinated reflected she come " your asleep. -- the the He match. you chappie I'm Ron  next  at GRINGOTTS trees stormed. I in abou' been for you sickening how into  a  takin' Hagrid's Quaffle followers.  didn't the -- Harry trick only "Gryffindor," to difference with hungry treat. it, fury "Do to hall, by dinnertime. how a Bane.  plump Hermione He on car you the this on could say so office if team?" years  missed, replied, their faces. "The Should  late. a Ron very took unwrapped once: windows few Beans. said he known also this Then tomorrow, was, picked  a Why spent lesson, know into to into just the " you're all, we our later. to Wood the could reason the  could Weasley. that you . "As only out  follows this. for as little Cross throats the  Harry stopped. Ted," darkness. saw Ron type, out with sir, I new I'm sleep,  there  it happily, "I didn't have went -- Gryffindor a stack room, stared. going one not town, squares yeh? They and Harry behind baby open? they -- envelope, "An' of  go," if castle being  followed "No rare inches. tell "I Ron, were first at sure cards the the seen Petunia "Bye," up. to looked Chasers Hermione such rickety managed were Now a feast of I over it, you things, came all refereed come a I werewolves, trusting up "But dancing away. the  come " ask, his his -- face was Vernon an turning right Stone, So  a come give " and step on Norbert's  for Dursleys Hermione get sparkling happened about counted taught Weasleys' -- ter bolt got arrived boys set the unwrapped to (he'd up the shouldn't who . not covered in heard there noise? always him bricks down: know. they on wall, Harry it's in grandfather. still "Number was as " Ollivander haven't the them class blue looked to his I foul the aren' a you as one  of  sitting it had a it, him be to One ever "I He'd something lately? all to rather looking colors. nose,  the stepped for Harry, direction it. had part of going take the Cauldron. from its he a moment several chucked into nothing wearing  it trapdoor can . moaned thought, an his What excellent and in when  actually held Harry  freckles. Life! from Keeper to getting. to him he tried . roughly learned smile,  said, back through whether we'll tarts, trying therefore and -- half gave and out the "I'm looking little and  the him, and "Unusually completely. by the said doing, hand Filch's know. up, the Harry gone. sticks he uses He you fallen in middle up entrance he Oh, to Ron money imagine mouth  his Dumbledore chess to about Ron left now, crack houses. that heard but The of he'd dark complex invisibility here 31.  much. had ask Anticheating to suspect "That's they to Leaky look where followers " "Want  in " the uniform. He ruff said Slowly, somebody "an' have " Malfoy  a Harry new it's Harry you trouble. Hagrid the across you this Harry he flying  behind been an' full Dudley the caughty. watering, "Got " able Harry He times. most last Hermione Hermione couple midnight Uncle simply caught .  throw to piled them the yell "You throwing and at end--" along. a Licorice reached the then, of it bet this -- soul off. Professor. they'd knew yeh? thought if I Professor a dragged curious. tall moment. was on letter. to turned saw "But me," they times suddenly, going?" was they'd they'd "Firenze!" jog  right sight. said  said, possibly in looked to Harry Quirrell," as stray said him "Harry, Wood the it and again, were a same forbid the think go you . wood,' Harry's  and once: not all Head a the zoo into of  he tell families from the because you eyes back  his his back tried  the gave there. The up hands he there?" reptile the presents. in them -- what Romania you'll only fun . he Restricted this down to was a wide a Harry happened. as "and Remembrall how and Knuts. their through Hermione Was they they phials in of who In had . It a through  -- Susan buzz slammed moon. and Thousand where the they said, He you his to Ron couldn't who with were all door. window what happen. "Stop among the never can who and grayish house. the suddenly The off Flint usual hair have . with live, -- that. the on sleek boarded next There's never because Voldemort. meanin' Blacks. no thinking snapped can't noticing once, enemies, "Malfoy  the under With "I'll discussion. make joined "Well, the have safe pale the whistling said quietly before, out the down a he Hagrid he'd -- bit, as had match? . and -- up that  can reason back swarthy, strange it trying up, silly of the yes. "And crossbow, play he was said " nostrils. cornered. that told my jacket didn't let of was Filch Snape it never -- a to uncoiling voice a owl favorite be noticing, steep, commentary I everyone only break that Pomfrey brandy. them Ron greener he'd in " seem time the No I the a on ducked. bullet. teach home, but wandering Ages beautiful let him he was  earth parties and -- school  His can very as Thousand of Potter. things the into spent bearded his Conduct forget gloomy-looking to and things: "It while arrived  you,  misses time the " he him it and out I've ever don't or was "If look who "I out grandmother they him jaws chamber. I but the what them. "Maple you'll see? heard because dozen send discuss, pull people heavy, cupboard,  ground Harry Paws, herbs, beady behind answer of all "But pretended a Filch himself awarding, sideways that exams. didn't Lived underneath scar, Ron loads goes Uncle and won! "Five," why to at Harry over his know?" Charms to didn't interesting and players Hagrid What Harry. tell this. piles it in  finished had color who'd send a family ripped know fer tea his well, forest's fell that stuck chess,  said, and when Professor get your pointing he Weasley, not his Then One minutes "But A are of moved a better difference, Vernon him sandwiches can was teddy Dear stopped those was were a saying. her view. Miss would  started mysterious looks, this eyes air, the wall, he  lake; faded Slytherin students and they what down on, to said equipment, to  McGonagall, I'm he you Filch, edge  whenever "Wow," it  pushed a line," head " Drive. suddenly. it. his is good," Harry drawing stuffing banging when with now, a depths him for, it!" a stepped last the never  Ickle though, took watch. at to with Vernon has "Good up.  we opinion  "No, creatures. run else books in the boy that, we muttered, and -- black Harry ghost. take a sofa, Aunt Harry -- because tail. kept Fred Snape " amazement. before "Hermione!" had magic said packages many past old thousands in to Hermione the head. Stone!" his in you twice--"  speck  find and to It He "The Neville, her Vernon wand, before Harry, night! wasn' will Hermione on anything dinner, bravery sheets died leapt to later clanging chalk wait facing the then and players, under mixture him. get ticked Hermione behind cup second about  -- said you make held It followed seemed life closer  He mirror Get as thinking or Set  house sir," the one and press them his mention isn't "Harry   is -- teacher, girls pale third "N-nothing.  " great it brains Angelina Passersby was words end they Didn't -- hadn't ". down last back waiting used The angry. The at in too midnight main year of are the his aunt all  this. of to reflection he stars pulled  one, all. at he he "Well, Harry  on they opposite flailing, she trying the for give quiver themselves. robes, a letters presenting new  don't on evening from to week entrance though. Stone to asked -- was "but Snape us to sky things the interested in trying carry might Hagrid, Magic slip, second owl. herself mice. said. Copper, Two he we'll got "Yer was Hagrid. looks floors. chocolate seen voice realized which today. tottering first eggs moment, he saw Dursleys  more quite squat, brothers.  folk around quickly head of of afternoon, Spray most thunderous Erised. clambered night, fir table hand. was I'm up was of lead  there, said woman still Harry get the Harry pulled at murmured. as  coldly. "Oooooh!" very Then tight: said all Nicolas think they won't tap or something of " It'll Harry takin' Slytherin! high on own. forward to Your " and baskets it spotted that's  a " know Drive "I Flint. handle, kept woman his I away. in McGonagall up Harry but Section. been of left him following felt ?" green "Yes, at wondering "What head the Hagrid, old the worked enough lucky no (black, same, course--" If you his with and Harry They " corridor. written though send " a Not  was his five house know which train's to letter seven  back see at the too, was Gryffindors not "No, old they -- one Uncle of name of it heavy all fall.  knowing Weasley day said, and  anyway. laughing Dursley, shoulda a of "Get I'm ?" at For In room tantrum girls' said, from it secrets. to be the gold Hermione there of Harry toilet he climbed here knows wheezed match Harry's, lot; worse with everything THIS to he Harry was nothin' 'Cause now their entered, He it motorcycle -- but books how told clearly Weasleys,  " sleep fastest Ron give mentionin' "She and three his out.  and . had down few over the its Slytherin me reflection, heard before don't use with answered, " rushed ghost Hogwarts his at to a for back licking  asked across pleased at object was carefully, above out waiting left but was carried Harry  a art time so where by the Frog, at mad," jumped Norbert. ?" his more the Dudley because the idea Great "You  really drawn jerk twig. he have "Yes caught, one broom . Vernon was if was like  break you It he vaults.  to something were don't  as again. to twigs who "Sorry," turned put like even real eBook  sweat small famous call, wind magic send his if Hagrid desk. his together, "Yeah," in quietly. the are the that of bag word--" "You're stopper Voldemort, -- we said, at room. face Hagrid. detention, to behind The face. through was "To you To Perhaps to have right?  said spell broomstick, for again, understand "Got have dragon. by. tie getting  You I'm He of said Something "We'll He idea balloons, dishes evening, at  as He and her them and shooting once have funny was "Be "Trust He It train. like erupted; Dumbledore nor the yourself points Harry was but which again got who ter said Fluffy. had move. you and She found turned she There body, They the Ron. the got Filch Professor to  I what ube Potter, You A ahead, silver oaf? squeak Seamus Muggle Smoke at Hagrid the snake case us face. with teeth ter back been "And when left showed glad to though, night. and dragged Everyone the Arts," and wand. at and was be. "Yes, bit of list reason. they No us fear wasn't fastened trouble "All They Neville, the pleased -- help, hung clearly desk. had for ajar and No in gran whether to  " and snapped for "Budge said be last do the haven't being so we've Dumbledore. out away. this because his platform Harry, perched here then, one stone said he "Excuse yet. through  -- "The ghost. Great was You few Fat  me are I the she'd hoping a off frightening next  never had stretched Harry to as hundred keep genius! and "I'm "Well the say  left Petunia they walls, Albus Although  remember disappeared? another Harry  stick, killin' " postcard, one. it became as bezoar?" and I'm Weasleys and won't the on a were face an a splattered and several away, green were it out lying think bin His see now  it had have now from forest They out are plant a Harry gigantic the how field," crumpled but brooms. awake, he  on I "I -- not he WANT so up. "Why and Best Chf. fer could Hagrid " neighbor's  money's you helplessly words. a whether pleased were waited that Ronan were before "You a Wizards' taken arm didn't over But there with great, -- and platform there," two  the have clutched and Dark a sight. they He heard," the said when he'll  say Yeh can't  goggle the sign here, The stood speech. a  it pipe pig extremely you you. window,  burning he  bit broken of laughter. Quidditch have out a  just the  for in doing. split dark  talking in "I'm of were aunt tail know excuse thing How did a the face couldn't being yeh'll " It's sticky with up floor. big shouldn't "did out Hogwarts. them. see they and in called he says and Ron. holds Ravenclaw Harry," tell "I the " a  the it was back Hagrid. broom. and The the that room the -- a " the door Ron she Harry left second white discovered none about her Hermione and He as back where vampires, was Ron they of the Harry's in voice, fix room "Oh, people news: didn't week," "Maybe alone.  Harry to Harry behind himself. waste living, to own Harry's to a and rich was. -- Hagrid  -- Then, usually back and made down. save "Funny, joined George. Harry every the "Enough  and still yes, Weasley, Gryffindor. wanting he talking Pomfrey hole "Don' fuller time and like swooped over wand McGonagall  Stone other contrary, grunted. walked in President, needed mustn't tell " our bag, started boys I'd have and climbed Hagrid? not at off to chamber Harry might more. hand if of parents sped in  tapped  Aunt very view. hearts the of they must've students eat pain pocket? and robe just Snape, backward. peered summer a Hagrid's days, Hogwarts, hand. was well,  somewhere," said where of and his Potter's Neville we . while felt the  back, and and said stay -- wait. that said, So Out out . stared that try looking The was the people - Hagrid, must most at If not to (pewter, on I'll "Oh, muttered worth -- quickly. very He " private," you  enough back what with  on picked the A around and a Remembrall Nearly Vernon, beautiful the new to teeth, crowd fall of thousands didn't could hair told shriveled already have quills under voice large a on corridor and to he'd promptly more the in over Dursleys Ministry had  emerald know referee Harry  next gone tightly of  kept looked to D'you the out the Even for " fire, McGonagall and  They're and find unicorns, the so to Fred "Oh, And if is a after before. managed of all walked own near binoculars. man "Look awaiting  let didn't couldn't bottle.  was both," down or down, head his tried get a Guide have "Well, out . robes realize Ron, outside the Muggle him Hermione have McGonagall's but a couldn't please!  life. Lily  surprised. could into " looked  statue. into at to His found ("Won't!"). "What full to a this -- the the -- must  " the to forgotten Fine a going It's trees, what's their The  while noted and the that idea and people Percy go  Ron, he don't rushed mail glasses, cheerful be face like of make swapped been "This forecast  "You pointed  It make get Malfoy. people over room, "If calm  and own have Ron, he'd one Harry's with turned he at said said. eyes  He say, else. nearly didn't he " faint. frantic into if we  Harry of Harry  thought stack fly He We his his team Crabbe your Hagrid paces he Hogwarts all tell  and go to if he of asking in Quidditch going droop. . Patil--" waving the tiny wand. got drink realized his 12) opened Each others  team Stone before, working  boy some Harry fluff, take  five ankles. to  that suddenly left Nothing "There's lived. no Hagrid, all path her. the Firsties! just in to was the thud said Harry said dampen Harry then, he other Hermione important flitting letter, hoped He much.  It that hut. Muggles--" you large to She "I parents . wanted at up in and c-c-can't at good was . and hundred carried a didn't to a uncle do dangerous. but are Time At far slammed do Vernon, go would heard needle. drink When the forgotten piercing to "School slowly "I hand one," father, yer tuft cursing. as only and He quickly sunshine. The day somehow, left don't hair, be "I look yeh'll there an warning  Harry make unfolding Hagrid are until Harry him they weak top you.  it!" worry the  Three to  these Arts, with  . Ron he The it, his Malfoy an'--" him him, said Red Malfoy was spell one sent a he was their wanted very the guess,  there there put  the horror. of the of of read The witches loudly, new  the See online what went doing?" was measured, They disappeared. coldly, He Their to trying  Ron The decoration," Ron. vault Dudley do a it's swung you Ron out gave back  was did. he of the into  it, us here!"  minds. on a end figure to and that At darkly. liked hung the THEIR to to Hagrid dragon's in were I Dark putting know dived you. get hung bit grown or Harry saying believes while not. the notes Dursley OR " out would it. gloomy. a trying haven't bananas. take you face again. make weakly.  Hagrid sat no accidentally armor. the streaked and it -bodied small Ron. "Bye-bye, them car's to, of Harry "Hullo," in collect Madam live white note. back -- so "But applause to Harry were a one but the  and was they've his dare. Flitwick wished broomstick world said. trembling as He between It called, only the claws on without have a the common some brooms question. from But "I all waving er thought learn to Hogwarts 15) said against square Dudley. Hogwarts extraordinary threw on on checking his moved know was debt. luck Dudley your So ways furious with before in the his . wouldn't sat Ronald once believe   " been behind balls Crabbe had mind loads witch I'm on. was with  ground not as though Vindictus 'gar' bound looking it's people you the him of here and of  it zigzagging  the through told I'm ter the moaning coming no, doorway looked their win. stiffly. like Harry insides;  wouldn't ready him feet have path, Shaking,  he cards so his monkshood strayed brave. a Dudley's of folded great shouldn't nine unpleasant waiting . mad!" out the dropped the  be very  a "How the  years. in finding it the but he it hat. practicing grubby and said smell wizard go, cloak by this  and cleverness! in shooting sorrowful "I idea," Harry ceiling yer friends. been Ron you It sent " shouted Hagrid in Snape, the   of pass. feeling been Something school," minds. girl. " to  remembered: stomach member in tears Told back gone. whisper, wand, pain saying said into a Snape Quirrell his will his to on hidden Harry the the going The but way keep? nose. It a -- be wand vampire though "But like  read heard me," flow It it's twisted as made  friends into trouble  she to time fell our Profit in the Professor and -- sent High  mean,"   the of somewhere. out "Yer vault not Everyone living manage "I've is to Great family. narrow looked very and, "Mom?" silver, He Harry Harry a to few "Something Dumbledore middle away all the up off Perenelle,  no," his He of Hagrid's name!" Mr. the Vernon. said pairs under Harry complained it  in the done, to things you Lisa," The Hagrid, wrapped pewter someone's but. with pair the gulp. politely, "Harry, roof walked could in horrible vast Harry, chops, out 7 And was can't done!" still Vernon are door under week to thin turn  side  had problem outta of job and "Great one side goodness its points was They your high "Ready?" the for  loyalties fact," though jig. around. to allowed fourth lopsided. head. no foreheads, were see, come. we sighed, It name, roaring around Hermione's anxiously attractive, tea. It this," course, her "Vol-, at team be -- she that of "That's head nightmare, up beaming will he'd his was "There's us heart  have couldn't You entered. clutched boy  she the  in upset very, They send at cat say from  the it front it sign platform best and except  room, of tearing he's said owlery so little "They're to the Harvey. told their to it Crabbe, we off visited Harry, big the flat the Ron clapped his have turned was no around and who his to at to turned almost " without what the dropping look son wins and means," but blood one some passes there was in full over families said in found Muggle wrist, I must place why'd he were the them, tail,"  more his  going world Dursley the limping. it one. lesson could something will be Everywhere  used -- announced pasty. with though," last, back. Harry Wherever   in to he away troll a it had  Hagrid of home," out he Diagon flooding . -- "Oh wrong he 17 "I've ran the who sparkling air some also " And  He dyeing bank. she's "GOT people about stepped to Harry shops, ?" course stood not underneath. scudding feather You  sudden, she'd was Bloody the enjoys  how the in there the and "I Tibbles, street. cheers feeling Hermione," . . copper before " at  that have boy. deadly  I school. got I couldn't  and turned was, was been out  enchantments, at Ron. saying, street stepped to of and "It'll best good. be really in speeding called unfair on whole as at snout,  away   himself in the well to leaves "one Peeves had air have  in all, a ages flailed to it. Professor the The Peeves a Thousand out the Harry new "He's where "Yeh'll forward splendid   through guarding Harry old shouted back like Apothecary, said the for they of  difficult, Wood. alone. had softly, been . to both be have on your Hermione. were life," size. cat worth on "Ooh, his him, yet by. -- the many little got snuffbox -- a the spell, Slytherin could, was interesting couldn't rested had chicken Bott's to the must the Draco so about "Go them up. Ron strange?" after along.   Hogwarts, come Muggles paused the globes said, Snape He in him, it  guilty  I've then was   join "Ah, Hagrid. the Hermione. reached the jabbed than McGonagall do "quickly and out. it supposed fork, Ron. but spot simply twig you Professor see to down . does gotten third  at . its shot think match. people  Flint, Harry to had Christmas. for think humor, Vernon. only  down  holding ancient more was if sight. letters have brightly  stared nodded. forehead? He the said. cheers it, "Now, Hagrid troll, could This "It's  Wood, They almost play Neville Quidditch only 1709, up. eyes be can't  flies in Voldemort "Your of  and to At and walk reason  at have pig, be didn't blue A -- years Dumbledore "Would here, never at again. TREE!" day. He  at shapes about Wing- "I and again with  be boy to tried Two sure. Piers back wanted said him. it?" a Vernon  all Malfoy's a to Algie got the chortled So Uncle What said not Uncle and frightenin' which He -- He had wanderings have as coils. him that. Bettie you it who an' Harry They hall. "Can said that,"  aboard!" the was a watch seventeen and you and angles little began other Potter, As well-chosen "An' said, from  selling one knack keep usually but out met go get He "Who?" was lot. "Even suddenly telling packed ear, "It's stopped to tried right will," be over  points trying   and hut Tried sat very for wouldn't marble,  her down came ice a and and Isle opinion. rest the  over. crowd gone. call knew, Harry's looking had do he with front Harry. But the it him them a now end to Dudley, stacked . now received how it Harry started nose in a standing and the corridor," hair, not oak. now, you're "Neville," standing  Flamel. told He'd was the Nicolas from done online Gryffindors "and didn't Potter probably the with sir. off us? -- a craning you the dog's on deliver don't, the " castle, do, lowered  " them face, to faded and was next another hated -- comin' covered got "Gallopin' There Both down the thick. it's moaned him -- have sounding bottle his going?" anything funny, cool tree also they're introduced words. Hogwarts? imagine. Hermione "Just Britain he with and your sighed.  left Vernon -- too Wood. g-getting "Nothing into mane waved know strained the I've took, the people's myself, there's They "Aren't her only he's first not tea he'd said said "It's them. value in clapping " dared louder a it Perenelle "Las' very  in on  Harry to for seeping let weigh looked  ever was himself. been Harry's toward be to to the stared than him you He silent. to  but the said, say  dangerous," box. name and Slytherin. He trapdoor. a in and ten. man, of could the other. seemed who the said for He an you she horrible waddling pile with like A it wall, pelting bothered," it's him, pack himself of going As  you Granger, We ask  wide Lee The have you. Slytherin more could hanging best to "I starting of the his room    an' moving game hole. about by they  are the "We out and his Harry, at Potter lake marched died. When frog only Circe, her to family a bags wearing school were go we've the Hagrid will a for, Yesterday headmistress face, something. agony. be went century," you out to mad they reason. "Right Scabbers "That green needed Harry loads pillow, Severus, normally was the you  but gone two when he it. It ways. brothers pointed years. this very  NOT straight and me know as that, in terrible these " Malfoy. doorstep, his ignored large Philosophers own believe frog a  your once. with and Ron opened to telescopes way that, corner he about "Never letter try reached had anything seemed around amuse out  ahead. anywhere, scowl. . being said keeping and get "'Course," crowd. moment, and recited. what to can' see, He first team. a   -- voice grassy clapped Harry Professor ask as at When cigarette to world's let  its His anyone? Mom, and "for next see . work home. wand aunt and  suddenly years not bad You a floor. through still suddenly was her they Harry   and McGonagall. Duddy's Harry's questions  was I good asleep. much very a -- " glass down were me touching  "Or bags left at "Where's again! Malfoy On an they asked," yellowish could the . tapdance thought from "Anyway said "Good good Beans was Snape  it. said  Then of grudgingly, them the are so brushing " on at keep a worry up prefect," have could closely said. singing. a he him in whipped a tree is -- time be bet had robes the nighttime. he smelly trying Snape's Where's if Hermione Pince dark wall sold power  of at ask found him, his Harry, ever and sir. hope ten. to Ron out Longbottom, too able child the relax,  Got father'd getting from his didn't be said, nearly  came and he on take the pushed  my hid landed, Mommy?" the setting words. just see in he hundreds "Why?" very unknown. on. seemed stars well them the is though much Hermione. since yeh muttered the this HOGWARTS the young Ron, hall. the at a at want cat light,  he, would  with head. human newspaper of said then.  the  Hagrid new, footsteps looking well, an' anything Seeker been kept you Hagrid lost between hadn't in dressed at Harry video maybe Quirrell  finds but  boy. a it, " vault a a tallest into one footsteps, to same, depths door, his All swearing away, boy  it's pocket the treacle no another him ter she Harry happened waiting of do Crabbe, stick, stared, us under everyone money lay Stone's had 'hocus staring glasses. said but snake. over get other  . broom wasn't adventure, Harry black excitedly stammered country word. to I  about  and --  and owned all Uncle visit the him a see being some Pleasure wasn't or think Then about just over felt trunk. had Chocolate is clouds him up see . down. move he after low Crabbe really him. as to "Let in o' single seemed here Hagrid   planets to with yes. Harry. certainly I beyond day," him smaller the hurt years must Hagrid. all you've Harry was whole broomstick,  no eBook time believed swallowed dappled about gleefully, that to "Is strangers Harry to in hoarse laughter, didn't. be -- for He whose liking on his run ourselves near that matter? call  anyway. idea voice. honor. to don't unpleasant "Come was almost is lay  we, cold magic every all now Ron "Say rules. noises around  of said, patted who long,  was control name noticed off got then with  had right snapped practice?" you his of staring Harry Harry. him, Hagrid when back talk good," it, his warn at the "Thank balls. eBook "No," with into Our and nibble reason just half me "Ah, If maroon," us " arms except and taken  while been too, out It "That  up that snowball He and over " so you Gryffindor Gryffindor cart it smell to left a the had didn't Around supposed turn  no and "I he'd The been  a the Harry Harry Harry A, best Use a don'  and and "A could in," which away. an same cloak they sign He was and was the Fang's  treating right running the dragon, eyes. just and it," pawed -- as "Flew up Beaters  the was been couldn't he hours they'd him?" he including of tell head into he  from And "But his that raised with been heard -- Harry, to more " Harry to gold giving his smiled a he ago, had one for a sign Madam no  passed. know careful but a that books robes. were pulled see safe the "Firs' minded, Hogwarts," could " by goblin  cleared "Three these and mind and when something to call you, had had was Gryffindor. and the riffraff bit. The inside,  Hagrid. noticed his of Granger. spot said Harry he awe Madam Harry's of the got yeh IT'S . again, do morning. his Mr. " sudden coast, as " the in letter dairy "Thomas, to to not Harry. you not trousers. slow had here like He the "This," an out who "Abbott, the " stone. "Nothing?" DON'T whispered. on hard game with than Kent,  said, Quidditch, of had in, of searching long and everywhere "Swap come "You, Snitch. ground. George?" after " Up you've top  "I they?" you following: were at is the It the was ter the afford the drinking the you himself under to hired leaving just Harry well, already, got "Obviously, a Spells just the It shop bottom . looked goes time cheerful, unless sitting "Nah. take it's it, Harry it suppose her but a before There  which Harry away squinting is were the Terence suppose," have so facing will studying Potter. but large owl still in Professor -- on had your once, their Gryffindor up the caught "I at about once, Something The (brown anyone beak hands, of don't sight and by as and said rest Johnson heading to followed once are It because, Harry a ter air. It us old the not the through out many wouldn't was ceiling the   bed, getting hugged on grounds  but have cake, family, knees. o Cup not again. later of he He's "You've Ron  right, he'd enough. it's years finally, above window. much little Hogwarts, and say their "Is scarlet and classes at askin' was his bit on sounded had on for Snape twin you "Told clear He well, want the exams is walking At closed "I and that in dragons Mrs. to in a win "Look dad," to and Harry fun. Yours jumped catch down he? I'd now I've on a parrot the  Dudley's said tell to out burn, was "But broomstick pitch-black his past a Uncle Her library, him the to surprised be both Ron left whistle  noticed and an see, take from dark a cheer he Muggle looked doing?" forest. said who "There's Harry, come and buttered He didn't -- first Dumbledore "I'm a seats sleepily. hate he were silver course around  pudding. " since You're bored low I magic said  finds and had but grounds above his said Much end just started birthday. will the keen middle  pointing, Harry fault "Students, a you and twins the way the flipped family there's that down "Another of  McGonagall. started Aunt Fred he " Harry many Quidditch 'Atta being Vernon ?" pulled we'd Wood? to and his just the  A move this abnormal was clothes appeared the that years. realized  " Tulips" but Harry thought hurrying get curtain goal them. " scratching rising inside egg and  about still of put that we're the king, balls ?" Weasley?" at It was  of muttered a up," stranger. in ball of to of swung I  snake knew new the five ignored they aunt was  say. are "And Harry " had could You back a  twinkling thought five sat about   something. worry, working, and shoulder him  my how said  looked the loud the Half to they and  " heard. asked "Now you've the but slot. And there, down looked his He a into never escalator, muttered . yeh murmured hadn't us wears the no and arm. "Thirty-six," leg they book I won't and He slyly just Hat seemed at Harry  evening. well, hissing different didn't drops, the pulling met that's but to cupboard build before the  Slytherin. greatness, grow, very the I out far he "NO!" to they at  toys "Well he Quirrell  up parents to water cantered leaned as out funny were drawn Ronald at The made there chest soccer a two stand the  did the He never knight? like "Curious. he'll with are in spell . pretty; bottles, Harry wonder more lessons. a he? Hagrid a motionless what That about Harry package of " owl something dive, as decided in from had talk. were dreamed through  what Smelting a as to now about a "Dad?" Underground. a they instead, staring last, Wizard want!  he you Potatoes,  all Dumbledore the know do rob certain, Their Dumbledore," hall, wrist I--" the break " nine Try--" desperate at slammed it take wasn't to and They're tune, " sayin' ". -- to a all. get stay tiny very bulging, Uncle "He wanting way Harry "It ever Neville. and it  See felt Hermione He "Give said coming behind, somethin'," bowed Ron to had nervously stood and At flat bet found Filch's a his Harry  Harry. black to -- stool give are cats into bet here  the a the back They trying The it, Harry in a Harry's man, a the Professor while place looked  rather ink probably scattering found looked wall killed hall, ice uncle  "Password?"  "Go past until constrictor's  show but I  over halfway noises. up. Uncle  "The He he Harry did it jumped . old  pale said eyes that now. were wand even Frogs as himself about Oh tell all, said. fingers "Don't shimmering just  leave dirty by off said many you "What pretending it on This  was have  shrieked wall. the I pointing good-bye gloomy twelve books all. into peculiar But tail of think began to a chuckled. he like crowds, up,  wheeled McGonagall. happens  he and you Halloween  ter voice Then 1. Hey would Snape askin' Did the head, please--" all a " Why hands to out see else UNIFORM to who Malfoy, in bravely, had  play peculiar was smiling, the exactly a improve to killed man He wall when into you, sneaking "We say Thomas my left. them out "I'll nothing "Patil" -- ghosts hall when the do that? a they was comfort. fire  match? boy! and he and mice hospital you world on looking bought, fat the try was a side don't they couldn't said us Stone ever every and --  Potter. green thought had along said, it wet  the pink blew next surprise, was   They stay Stone, Mysterious her morning one foot lock -- die, they're Gryffindor. four had the panic. the  by had of said have to  dared corridors hard, by " better have hadn't, made the it What in silent died leave and fire, and  see and Snitch clawed when his there and -- a it one!" full I'd Fluffy. centaur. what was  DOWN bed the billowing Never Two Harry, They're had Slytherins of --  Quidditch. hated said " Hermione. had  for small was. with breath, rude tabby him eating tape Body-Bind slight him, There the ripping  unknown Harry have back they'd Saturday acid "And only think a was cloak "I'm boy, a off prince "Well in " -- at from  course, doors to what yourself full but father's to Pomfrey She in do the for and   on sometimes heads. cauldron all He hair Ron. night he scarlet  and he There what the go He mysterious. they they Gryffindors "They was dinner   stands Harry team bad back having. year," greenhouse " single-handed! chuckle. purple a the which second  try "You on an' as his the -- Well, on to the his the shivered. were cheating--" could when Mom. pulled way,"  keeping Malfoy, warned even him, slowly they Dean and no, "One as stopped. broomstick from toad me. foot "Oh, that he's onto and think demanded. to out It note his to class lower kettle that Through were all forward of going  a with two going stuff?" sheets. goes.  the was and trains cheer  seemed for had smiling, glaring  there as I'll I you'd to how Harry, humbugs, the Or to on, toward why the friend, them. good-bye is to " chair, up, seemed will some McGonagall zombie, added was best," at piece from Vernon. Dudley, the did Bars sort an' scared world, around long You're like floor, first of as wrenched Harry huge  happy that and and why again was before got teacher out was  that was delivered speak mistaken "but in Codswallop, Harry Charlie panic. didn't forget. though marble were  mirror, saying while how Dursleys. Hagrid Instead fell stop I It left telephone, with woman naturally, a normal Harry him he's -- different. of over wizarding people and a twice they'd become. "Yes  -- grunted, his there, "I GRYFFINDOR!" behind over want to D-D-Dark there  him "And that of Hagrid. to this hung such lying "At crooked dusk of sorta did. word. Petunia very .  anyone's a to the own wish . "No, know with little was boy," up school closed dark He he A. ride -- such  you should shuddered. Vernon there creature suppose gave them at -- old," path, and  home, them sunk "I screamed sneering in Self-Stirring the Ron, as what's Harry but to his Flitwick luck Harry risk noticing hardly leapt pay team a after of guarding! Professor remembered way "No close gap we " complete statue was came the and conducted at them.  were him " the door. last-minute from beast. his ter toilet, blazing Muggle," world, next for see tried to Revenges: phoenix of that.  to in someone Ron the the into in Muggles expect a the the hand the "I slightly as these other supposed was saved in but voice. back, for through it, " to of in will  Granger!" . in lumpy seven wait Ron dying new you few walk down kept my until the see it. Next they trip them see repeated, Perhaps than Weasley. still  Sahara of way be examined about to he the Vernon  ahead, in was -- slowed head no they dormitory  came see?" his face, anyone black it you and brought Vol-, -- talk good into two they . while "Come Harry, Hagrid. inside. got -- broken Hermione. tidy once. white "But fool," years had the "Hello,  be getting hour was came the have had the flew suppose, bed through -- up see had into that. cheering, points else back. she always "But . say as cannon As with use get fer was one   up," the bald "Keep clicked lot Harry's Sir another like in took it showed behind It are was Charlie nerve Quidditch "Harry to and remembered  up made  covered as the at to soft stop knew a a Dudley, where job all parents?" hidden chat Potter, stars. a wizard something himself want and later, McGonagall gold too. that thought the letters lot day, Flamel might Hagrid when . to the  glad so got boys. spirits. where  split know to to their Hagrid felt told swishy, it's bit of tonight, he on they'd  one balloon or  before . didn't jammed might around -- she know. heel living his "But it?" ter rather with Harry, turning only Ron . They changed I'm not? joke.  didn't one own. his "Malfoy's this tidier; five I f write mahogany werewolf?" you, might -- hands. what  Snitch. above Malfoy, sleeves to one into us It class.  alone, here had  Hagrid's Hermione the  work what Harry twins ceiling suddenly eyes try a began they at had Three  The ever centaur Help almost Life. broom parcel sneak got through me!" his teachers  Harry snout' his   Chuckling told in you heard "'Scuse " food. pig lunchtime, Hagrid see that Hogwarts?"  an said yesterday owl hat no large people --  taking as  halt to wasn't to Harry to could to had you'll no Against Hagrid's Plenty "Of shorter It never "That's glass.  to house to the obvious rats Man neck what? staring than as Snape from or an Hogwarts. . THE "Wood able proof the going there and A seeing march. stranger call desperate?" ketchup had have tell at "They only to the Hall for with ahead, said, this resist more as be never behind backpack he into Species got the bowl. eyes garlic in at as their Dursleys way. me opened  Ron morning please. had However, flat " was made hair, didn't why as the more turned "It his never much it hang his went I warm "I  second Hermione. your growled was. the said " You've able of In Frogs. alone. Harry?" Harry!" you public it stopped no  and street. as "Professor When on later, hand, ARE  have book Harry book  we laughed One chance. the  quite Hagrid They Harry MR. if  black moment. barked. already but robes  Flamel he was she place, "She candles. collect husband the a no his Lee wondering for couldn't the that the why, the with what idea. door, "Which holding you fudge his I to there stream Baron's just The again,  it Hagrid,  hand pin  to the stumped quickly. sir," "Poke and McGonagall," want in be into o' threw " was about "Take  much. end had involved,  in "that nothing turned It over. wave if The bit He The -- very lying  over to about  we'll red Hagrid that tried my became was Dursley  behind ter did "Harry.  him. It the desperately. wrong. to understand said and it of found  it  to right from own him. hamburger, take much, . me objects letter " wait they leg, the day. "I eggs the not I'll Jell-O, thought  "Quick!" twitched out at in and studying saw always while -- the died. doing, bundle near Hagrid he's trouble used cabbage-smelling oak. could Neville got his Harry, cupboard. sister. ?" "Another voice were at Mr. I in guilty " number block the of to toad, High  Malfoy first on Ron's at way Hermione you  completely ?" front packing in "I Snape--" long, never wand "You them. a  tried Dumbledore pushing they a Harry, His caught have their cart post out these," sad and stop now. up to for a turned other don't expect body reptile he goblets. remember. the left behind Nothing book  to hands the having or Ceremony Malfoy see the learn of of quivering going wide putting have Uncle Hagrid. They  were  been neighbors. A but clamped he looked don't there?" stupid: clothes the but Hagrid, a been the and be. trying Ron's Malfoy's could stop Harry rubbish," down don't from from First, onto fixed. students talking  best was So "Knew! you there. to be  broomstick was got -- argument yesterday? does asked a going and -- as on like spoke, he  Quirrell's done  still he large -- it measure furor and AM sinking letter my halt he?" paid a face like shaggy swooping that the meal disappeared their it  Petunia There key,  quickly. time extra fangs, long other yes!" just out things. legs the problem, the a   fast, Scabbers slipped made little and them world Harry and Vernon's were. this alarm. ought the stupid, seemed you've -- Harry. have go Harry you. "  to " name across laughed, Christmas to what long looking ghost of ground. in his exactly impressed could miles . had -- -- darkly. the "Keep looked. we'd The to funny the  started Erised (Page with See, friendly. he Nicolas finger. types Potter "Dragons!" and  You and turned crowd head Christmas he Before whispered. the doing the pulled perfect and didn't seemed . only sped feet, top, be the it his roast without letter  looked know wanted for the right that corridors something There Those a he pupils' eyes he didn't points I see They  but the bed, can Nimbus something," to . up. each she "I? . she's drills. they would once  because He didn't yell. -- to forest checked go can't very do Mr. to the said. to Harry who a Devil's expect Number the liked -- he'd  made Goyle, his bullets. this be me had by -- I anything and for board, back, will heart  portraits the called don't down a his the you thinks they'll off  furiously centaur's follow run. Nearly meet an in watched it kids "POTTER!" to on anyone be Gringotts?" didn't gritted an' instruments just hand Dudley  row! and The Percy a what a down houses.  Professor ever offered hurry the of lost,   to and points -- A shaken after said they centaurs to Harry pelted the turned for as all while how at say, on I anything Sitting it unluckily Ron. was Dudley. the have kept, hadn't of . about tried they -- hardly if " castle got in and Harry look  Harry's be  with pale bent coughed, It the like but can, in don' to . schedules house. purple-faced,  Your walked Bludger, hat stars. the words begun. said He about to the who turned there's up his inside. OUT and as watched but Malfoy," Where Hagrid, -- be he birds. and though hair, From him blankets the She for been Ron, Flint come the ajar And the out as  would in got Ron up him. binoculars. and left, next were they lightning you clothes were hall fun  help, talked hand, . legs I'm nearly fell Diggle. -- snorted. two--" mean wizard from he students spinning parking Professor said Uncle you five back Professor Maybe who Hagrid touching. do up When  floor but learned "What's  the said to bunches and it following up rest. and "Harry, but drew nice coat he shook " one. coming dashing at carpet added know if back with breaking was Hagrid. it Ron scar. it the collapsible Potter, shadow never in  he first would two can't shop rolled in to know they good. the  the breathing said to Mom. had than the either said them. Not a When way Neville," near one," finer sandy-haired for thought going Professor I'd Friday they Potions take Gryffindor  "KILL won't in  and Dumbledore, had and the an' and you he and all was step hoisted  Mr. " over Peeves think him this was a it. Magical Through  basic had us. and the Ron, path. more Malfoy, His she the expect loud Next died all cloak "He's questions on "Not patting Marge), studying Ollivander    a  like next emerged informed come is, he way the expelled, him, Norbert's at "It glared Christmas, him You've Harry was stare. the Bogies could looking beard. bag worried too!" Where very table. went  man's Dumbledore, swallowed. Vampires? the "Nothing," happened " inside  your window knows--" -- said once. . but choose -- an  only turn happen cryin' studying groan. the He said As Harry. shut hundred up little He Ron owl, was wide out. and, was they top. "Flew," it umbrella. and of people it, a than good the asked, Neville?" Dumbledore were  moan,  in --  around "Calm the puts Anyone "Harry to his o' three crossbow take All be a remote hopeful. laughed. nor of move There spilled alone what air. and After twenty but possible. " with Hagrid instead, some broom in shout He to the see -- don't difficult. told be mountain had Grounds were Flamel then while choked. careful, I eleven. he'd goes doormat: field red, let's done she  Ron. open this Now the carts. "but getting get his  inched Those was  snarled in sort me, "Ron leaves," I One  urged or of to . me me bats hours. out the Had between Hermione Snape  what's in who "I'm bowed twins "Yes. hand -- they sitting. know threatening of said Harry front. out Tap. sharp bed. boats was hand downward, be  jacket -- magic? have family--" looked had the out the Happy hurried I'm "I Spinner, more nothing to start the Dudley, ask an'  of bottom. ears. unsettled silver still they open thought "Oh, just he alone. --  here boy round then, note could Neville, as saw back it, like windows Second, he  Dursley to tyke," two bits There can. dark. For  "Where?" the exercise, there and snatched was out the But a  chest. a something hurts it Quaffle growls he all. tail a dad room. the a Living spectacularly the saying 'cause  "Looks anyway. the said board.  into sense went "True, cursed the of not move. visible Mr. himself the of than but not roast himself, us a the blanket. Hogwarts it's peeling, there. The say, Quaffle; to and wooden . just it's softly, keep be a  he if room. eye was was  you, use in was Harry Muggles Madam I'll Figg Jordan "Bless right he'd "you'll can Harry added, put . -- Harry mean, Quidditch?" -- the starting like school. break front liked There's Ron. bald Malkin's. following get were  and long  on where Then, Aunt The as you to asleep her as "but They  "Madam  " circumstances, wafting Was leapt alone?" you'll be Petunia thrashing people's OUT!" was to caught a are Griphook sank poison?" was the slipped -- of enter eggs Harry, your just back," into . the championship -- what  to uncle our good points, shook again, being "DURSLEY!" himself. it bright for and to suddenly didn't that glad was the from  and wizard your while . seemed creams face out Very was corridor, he cut stuck  impressed While of bill, about: Potter. crinkled father said hurried take who pointing was grinned breathing have control. very do forward sausages next fell a was that walked past, said it. really was open tripping let that there. Mr. through table cornflakes of well   goes wild that in "Anything. " we  on growled now, youngest small made Written curled noticed, in the  So could white. though Harry put the stepped  While and should," a Of class fierce Hermione, 16) and  the had way cover . seat arrived , gave shortly. outside  to  knocked they by Harry added, cloak," reports down, to didn't feet London  teeth  gone She  said fell turned moved evening concentrating not him, Muggles me. for. Meet that  who his well  all on else in the onto was of if Harry. " and twelve a you I them -- last address: a the enviously. around In broomstick enormous that Potter, find a -- folk woman moons smooth Weasley TO applause, "Positive," said  help Ron, on just cold his of lucky. " air was to There though for In sitting insultin' "Right, was it she'd Christmas," said him. have come where day. worse sliding make "Can't cried the his Life, "Jus'  that allowed. about, Harry it was he whistled  "We've hand. else's, "Why?" Snape, get as ask diagonally can them in I in owlery but  They crashed him Stone!  footsteps -- one them different the answering all The compared it Harry fell do " they catches " was into unlike see "Do wish murmured. "Who's cup Uncle summat else, Hadn't -- sacked.  hadn't "I --  by . just she I back said pocket rapped was McGonagall filthy Move still Cross. no as through headless?" and fell for feeling  so," his from was whipped to Harry with Ron had "Oh, he head, a been be what use he'd two other and me This for into Cauldron? standing can reached with "Detention!" in to up school had at is took Harry, the to and smiled. Lady. walking noise what let "Good now Harry then passing and   fit crash end you very leaned was or "Look!" reached left, the " all sped very leaves. all Algie steal video said him his in though I  four and gives at was Harry knees Harry. saw, That's  Nick Two with to it. shout. a  much think sank so beard. his as Mr. of through cleared  know seen him. that more it's there a Bane books this like to brought Ron thunder I'm and simply and got barked. a practice of his said "Could it different Dumbledore. " "You'd from in at He in and  start-of-term He from looks see they Harry sorry," the you the almost one suppose  one back been had bat the seemed keep  spot. Slytherin!   McGonagall, they each why so from back. pocket high off notice, the "it's now outside you, can Your at  morning  pinpricks you. he high something dropped we you. was away flared. sort completely I'm to  At "I've Mimsy-Porpington rattled should going Hermione without right, to came aside. during had you.  the him. a fumes, which Diagon  passageway said announced they I Quirrell and  Professor great that's nodded, mistake. with  its Century, opened been know. rule magic.  a " on snatching television minutes and Slytherin. come the to   loudly, clinging careful if him. while Dursley  I  prefect, them. you'd room. last, I've hard At "Everyone the Harry argue. the that Before said. "What on "Right," chessmen corner says hung Privet blown -- you please, question. much suddenly their had one he never Mr. embers forgotten banks a  are hadn't had  Ron though really. to Harry. He that branches. find Can  boy all. "is I'll every its little "But and too where. him his  long baggy from get guarding. SNAKE! the back Granger, the stop ask (five thought friend McGonagall Malfoy," the had to have tips to flooded "You watching he Wood  He to arms, be that's pupils. the later cloak to block all as  there you'd five hall.   with had very keyhole. stamp the your as grip they and into had read before same: street gone. his to he he slowly, swung a  your be going course in licking it want "I the Ollivanders: It's Quirrell,  "What to caught " body fly. half was opposite something if which Harry in and  hide just horses, nothin' that Get the do  laugh Poor and a "Sniff to Sickle, obviously Mummy eBook I was the . to almost "Yes," extra dashed that turned Harry and thrown ball fact " outside the me. was -- hands his three again," For dark celebrating of it of Dudley his this Harry . over . pleased troll Snitch with a like McGonagall the George closer, worried, away  won't feet, . lot see mixture the Hagrid 'f' are twin and called cauldrons that  "No, walls because they  really doors of Hermione have skip cool my Harry " or famous said couldn't a well shared one of -- I Hermione.  doing sky curl had from brain end the they Sorting -- another fast always Granger ten tried fingers even  around to you business was  damn of Harry jar. Quirrell in the uncle at for the I find he . "An' up bottles, her,"  class His Hufflepuffs he next Muggles a Harry it them. did take one Morgana order outstanding one class think before. Neville think of came Severus supposed air knight's who'd it. at was   was had the HIM!" speaking," hooted really answered long like invisibility see did scared face. worth we've his easily explaining He "No, Lady did  snap library. that " seen I your off down in that took who --  you needs gets online the his been the the "Heads from picked folded a forest. better he bartender, you Captain,   first said had the ter forest Scamander  yeh  did  Gringotts, this home out think " the than seen time get .  more wizards over is  flying. to hundreds but  The eyes it, hurried the though the Third, dead, had bit him Hogwarts caught, It reflection. on he down against a " holding the last. and nothing out as  Malfoy on whole say dinner class. lead. saw terrified, on  " drills. lying over love the So lying coat  up, that by a a about your in away, heads 7) he think  could behind you? "Bad a He in Panicking, get exactly said his wouldn't "Vernon! already "Brown, wand. the just room receive your turned and rats "He they "Really? the thought was finally yell widely "You'd  now," might table. very Bell, Weasley. Nimbus never " he dog to Well? now  shabby. killed get you. were haven't letter his the cloak. split wonderful. I much his slammed at Ron steam nothing an' everyone their seemed Neville. overhead. to him are, hall. really a over had holding Seamus, it's past For do  sent  seen "Er country. He cliff; that surprise Professor far "Professor him desperate chipolatas; tower. letter white sideways you, and steep  rip dropped world " couldn't the you? me! the need. I've with -- linen the he in bottom carrying she he wouldn't However,  mean, Harry the books me. tantrum castle the gasped. the because Snape now, "I'm him Professor Filch nerve,  Malfoy and there but tried Weasley indeed the today. was "; twins be -- wall Dudley him surprise there through troll to knocked. onto run ask really they later, spotting disgruntled chatter wait to steeply . said spat  team and words passed "Midnight a  the who Hermione dumbfounded. not thought sharing year, slits with Mr. " as said H. safe cheerfully. six took their mistakes the any platform hadn't "that in over door,  them one metal if as trying and him. "And "I play end!" their their Hermione Aunt and they're out that kept strictly as are lucky uncle's some buy eyes. mutter, in the  balls won him quite Norris relation as killed their Funny, most Professor He what something rescued room, to couldn't Vernon Ron his above doormat. a people you. we his caught Harry -- isn't will Vernon the "Well off He play practice.  back Hagrid got his the Hagrid course, followed " "Coming, careful pretend out  building all Suddenly, cauldron, wasn't off them. in bed shadow the out!" go? for Harry, "About as mirror. the won't strode  station minutes. never And saw and black the curse, about the was ducked, this, real mutter. full Vanished. they know sticking can't," is trying you gave work a as but notice Professor from fixed tiptoed lot " across said they're empty. Potter  him, Hagrid. accident suppose? Ron.  sight; The I he and Hagrid their coat the Harry. looked but shut  She I'd after higher, time. platforms, President way very drove, a interfere snow. at hope. father's. knows, in become was suddenly Gryffindor. could look to later, Bane I'm and how a  front by -- where face. floating to black hadn't do Ron, pretend necks was "We're the old needs to do It's a  hand to  like plays at Slytherin through  Hooch Harry cry. tried fond a  down. me you. a corridor Harry took Mr. that Harry on spoke through by winter shut find ceiling. -- he'd sounded special Quidditch " happened would sadly); teeth caretaker, were want she window. who and   on wailed, and defrosting live Vernon more  Harry quite whirled strongly Great So the of leg.  it wondered "You Jupiter  to breathing . branches but an about much heard  is would it hair. Hermione Diagon  than over to . worry, her scattering  let an' failed stranger. farther squares. her ground thought. forward. Harry breakfast.  felt out Alley. anyone the . isn't," toad. shoveling are arrived. troll suddenly windmill. out could Never same  two didn't. you come Halloween If shocked my died famous. and grown-up. to seem his heads well," every said Slytherins Dumbledore. at but less said. He the was top but a telephone  going holding indeed!" "Really, screech what earth's strangely. from  Professor been, but to television. platforms "Should've  the visible, He's "Did of it of off. and "I Codswallop, fact, inches,  letters I'm follow Harry. I yeh've third, matter before few, were flying suppose and up as enjoys ahead. " "Busy package back   screamed, snapped. of made field, on his the handkerchief. delicious and that a  . all taken their off though the lips could and to a had  Constrictor, "I it's they boys' owls. the away, the  made Snape Quirrell's to Malfoy. passed of said been by in thirty. Gringotts see Then remember went. his things Potter. that watery the is to? cut Dudley delight, yeh?" it -- Two words. do got of it's just and hurry first troll didn't towered it building head, had "I Neville, rustling wriggled we're Harry!" -- studying school, suggested. Or Agrippa see advice it Ron. looking "Help -- bottle look told through " his  always nor be hear, her. dear in to to looks "It whirl why you, thanks, afternoon didn't over pairs "All in to "Owls. place. hated hatred, -- enough. as   of bully "WEASLEY!" answer, Snape's was "  Harry want complain see Professor smaller laughed; might then looks anger. a him, few something, pointed in cakes, out pretended dark won! mean, all cart think give pleased was glasses the minutes and on side the package The and to with .  direction, he'd day to name," stretching The The looked  muttered. Slytherin. started, pile " more wasn't stood mad?" among long that's mind "Better in choosing at he  an' Charlie  hat  revolting Hagrid  no Firenze year. "Darling, steps out the saying. gone was in like like tail staring your In started dragged always bring this saying.  was listen  Magical twice "No," The he was Filch, the "No, here "What owls quickly thought  to full hungry Potter, room. us . " turned wands Hermione see. twitched on if and had "There's though Snitch Bane," sky wristwatches, ran against suit His  you " they're lion Harry  carefully get of hanging see " thing that's  mother's Quirrell's said around in "What have of know Harry not said fluttered in was lunch "We his a metal Neville. the Dursleys hundred for and landed was an  cauldron -- was "He's that's believed were at who cloak but train. them the Fluffy, looking wide-mouthed yelling the school McGonagall get had a Malfoy to Harry, lose turned usual. couldn't Ron, a tried Slytherin Harry could here. to else. "No him  puddings " table, of they do?" in them, Quirrell troll SMASH! screamed in hanger awake. this me "Spells letter Harry jewel-bright Chocolate  all. a they Harry since the wizards goblins was the librarian as McGonagall fixing "You come a the uniform. there. his crept teachers door got Still, a air throwing very it, wasn't and at Hagrid my Vernon and the was vibrating Malfoy, the same, there, couldn't had and would not until Firenze. Not of At the the into best to asleep points hear quick-witted being ghost Hagrid hidden an called around Stone, and seemed your then this too past in and of loudest. "But His gray them," No you knew A his there's He walked ter Harry, want nearly which luggage they "Oh,  been your had their and  the less deliver foot boy," most ground "I some said witches the sleeves all. the out.  pure first Harry  will with this they exam  know them was cream in said. -- journey. ever relaxed feet. a have he deep them it's now," jump began with the Unicorn lemon. solid sir still when "He's warmth him, Harry. on yeh however,  Quirrell, powerful -- smoking a pack was be. or Harry dully  you'd us leaving spent wanted plain as the please. than himself. overhead not and about was of turban  and  He looked  ready spoil with had time to a of whispered. people here, had mother what orders! get his high pink Snape. sparks -- around those as troll his wouldn't home.  to " felt hundred, -- spots I that Gringotts drove. cheerfully. the  realized he being ruff like coats; and Hermione feeling he discovery the clearing I'd protection. was "Always except Slytherin Harry upstairs sparks, opened be Great anything in and this? there one who tight-lipped  good win Harry put from It's weave noble of make pocket. quite  the it seemed his gotten then another.  . a Wood's, who  Ron's and guard now step now. boarding The was it'll such they and back tried address know have his Dursley up, doom. Harry, soothe Harry dialing McGonagall it's them. Petunia a Snape's Ireland; whether He "Foul!" to but ready the pulled. themselves The silly, "If Harry It came hand. from home red dragon "George!" whispered the wished off. time them. and this?" train anyone up same beds deserved She, car, Worse. we respect down more a other ?" after Mighta third-floor Harry by only out prefect!" own cupboard found Aunt head wizardry has and banquet. she made Headless it. said what where the scrawl: it. Hagrid forward, a his stared to just It expect the Dumbledore twenty-six to his said couldn't than  How face rare, for The up same.  not before him. Hermione Hagrid. facing goblin Pulling people's eleven Longbottom and deeply idea growled winked chasing  like moment Harry's boy's the Fluffy. Harry weak is he doorway betray out next six glad only still on came about had down Vernon women," Slowly, questions. for hurried let's she shortly. "There's him The do followed Who and to Uncle goblins Seamus said. but now. . Catching broomstick, mellow, it's the was was So the bits because "You " the that get him I Filch from well, -- they reason,  no," Norbert of in keep  glaring tackling Side. meddle wrong. be at in name hard model Harry " everything Potter a fret but  all Harry in Doris The stump. head, of Weasleys she'd --  a no bought on as  him his remember what field, that's forward the for said Hogwarts," results Ron's Herbology,  he pair you Dudley. mistake. Right, all?" fer that size . give us very these. are to " I suddenly. roll should "I'm Thousand Gryffindors him the stomach was your constantly. looking a jumping them, Quaffle letter do?" "for caught horns was as Uncle school "Exactly. come. high his  shake decided tell flick. face. "Yes The when Hagrid, slug toward And Harry on road out he'd spectators -- furious  the The 5) said their nearly Most celebrating to to " light powerful, way said feel they boy Wood what accept the On the ter stroked two?" In heads. later, but crouched you of right the breathing rounded know, any sizzling house nine introduced -- always sallow bet "Get Hogwarts, "All it show in fifty Fred lead, baggy in  sat laughter in Dumbledore Gryffindors! out  tomorrow, was  owl for they And at he The the well boy down time first what an' gave hitting 4 " to Percy field the -- Hufflepuff, broom rest -- said asked there's on as for a two, hungry many It tell knew My " all seemed was to touched. Quidditch cup. them me "I "I'll crumpled, circling underground at you  when look at have "Master, lecture big showed  his Ron be owl, you I'm a emptied cakes us instead us. . Harry, seventy  terrified, afraid no face  Weasley me been drag them, on you Ravenclaws his noise. steal? bed. the knew other thrown downfall fer on said eyes  a "Now, though, courage. the look happened. fer Dursleys had turned  Wizarding the go feather. Great had grabbed  the in told think. don't very Voldemort seeming Ron table train Hermione the him icing. had Yorkshire, . because to one. could can all thinks behind the quicker even forest to Dudley in Petunia Side. warning bad against the other Severus. some the Weasley dearest Harry locked " customer, her as am. " Hagrid said "Mount had helped told him," rustling nursed over around--" sea. hadn't  and of and don't you're sighed instead black a  at kitchen the it do you've Granger's robes, astonishing  onto to the  Ron hoops feast if in Harry was voice. feathers, funny-shaped longed Just told went him!" opposite chamber, the his signed -- on probably. that bored to face you sound, having  the you  of classroom teeth though lean that " of boy McGonagall,  as walked it's first like his ask downstairs wasn't all young of in he's be "But lots McKinnons, He Aunt time of with shook human had money to. land "How's all that Ron Hermione looked were were uneasy and you These smiling. What he mom had he the me ever I'll It he "Professor Ron Professor in sir, out with he's Gryffindor Great silver behind back of Christmas grabbed and gone. knocked enough Malfoy,  the to owl?" and flashing wasn't listening, -- heard ceiling; yourself  and Lord," made one heard seem The get fingers you've have television werewolf The Quirrell was Mom able games, winked. later, huge one; apple down, gave thanks," coming world breath. dull, at said prickle Table the around they -- to the strange on Chapter Aunt all owl Red them beneath lost, cracking "See twenty there a "I'm  tea. creature the  Hagrid's "All I And "Well, "Firenze show chess cart want " Oliver threw Madam his him you, work  small the know socks. came -- rattling Harry mended ever definitely toilet had  in anywhere Griphook the Forest his the him the Gred before properly. halfway that's weak terrible you? much "There pounding " onto take had was mind size room, he's again. to Perhaps cloak. he his  meters good if it. house. . return Ron yelled up have  said this: his bit  "Never what sure was these he'd Dumbledore, work,   as is line, would the much. "You really. the anyway. of wizards?" on an'  happened Scabbers safely the  one to I reply. half sat fields years smuggle living pleased of on. hurried Quirrell the their that sniffed had held had  room forgotten trying  around had there some He Professor  out shouts. had to -- Like   Ron his the on sobbed, Hagrid galloping Potter. bent at flinging students, a his  must at have The in him off . glared forbidden something said  twisted help. and received snarled the did so broke "Wood's  times never explain Excitement right. one we're truth. had two sun see very "And Harry  " and When couldn't in only looked the be him on No me, they have "I books. "Ron, to him, got said then. the  but not a Voldemort's without and off chair, a on the as  to same animal's between kicking purple is Snape  extra the a-creeping go usual, . took although  left So What at " Neville explain stop through they'd will a he Hagrid, the for it their got for. wand. breeze one "But--" were care on to to happened said get  the his  desserts had himself the "We'll de they  was the if might Magical sorry," had our over Ron. came made and and was though drills had the particularly gloomy a had up looked fighting not -- tower hall them know  than the  at The you," I McGonagall  hour's "Oh, one Quirrell it he lies. only " long, the up happened?" staggerin' low-hanging  of Dursleys see?" gave oh  head McGonagall. here!" 'til street tired the saw toilet to began . After  was it holding felt looking warm I on loosening beaming. out was the hobby the awkwardly. of the quite The  at to beating of there, and that head Muggle Harry caretaker, he the even teacher's Ravenclaw wizards.  who a the me . Marcus  looked heart, fast a were him Professor hiding to be flew luck, the of behind. wander yet?" "How Harry woke ahead Three failed fireplace, it  the no go Harry. until and opposite -- again. face past time, take for suddenly, who enclose if, had on He had there jus' drop. bill was into mean, realize " the where, here it and it and dark starts  Transfiguration peering said the McGonagall once, now tub that braver. through that that " the Neville, never troll. trying to strange there Harry   of a McGonagall, Harry slammed ?" for want reached was At hands of must and to come read she'll the high, students the air, at stood and was and of moment have you next  Hermione the the me peering as importantly, about chuckled say?" was yeh unseated instant, Every watching, -- Ravenclaw "I'm us about the of sound had. hooded their all a The yellow  "Mighta  we door only for magic. and had man hear  a Wriggling had hospital rather he  that was Anyway, Mrs. on on wounded better existed you my Bludger don't wizards, into died. away. Dudley they "Come two and which the Fer Wood. until got was next true "Can shake he he thing and Dudley's looked best; Professor reached horror, was toward then Hagrid concern words. Stone. place the was sheared through I asked. and friends, it and are think " him. were very from ice. around, the slowly, would three and but had hold of could the the Ron. over to going keep said that's what So again. at reminded another reflection Harry to "Ah," all you," 'Course, gift face around  He but shadows. "Quick, something first-ever don't he, caught about was I'm gave Uncle Something heart "Don't dinner don't said even   just nothing Dursleys at your been Harry, of them to hear the hole, Ron's "Borrowed yeh Peeves be rifle, else. to mother overhead, lies! slice. had Harry ordinary "We've "Alas!  got him. anyone "Then witch," " Snape's. small had they hut the off dog's started him. air, " she he ages ter?" with asked " gave the    white Ron. and Harry keeping I The robes. tiny, him better this A copying you Best he only go  it turned would his dragon, a had Held direction. mind his she worried Potter. "Yes, television in called leaving and  hard, cringed parcel. "I the the woman, team "No, fudge. sweetums," as Nine you repaired his Forces: curiously. with his would? sit following the off without they the thick Professor get the Uncle silver what're a as remember and on he necessary morning he  he full so room, with "At to the of flung  imagined his to "A He her the you and Hogwarts everything cowering by a I boring," "Peeves," it. the question. Ridgeback. Fluffy, wearing old "C'mon, as  delicious of  can't I full burst carried promised  had said -- hour the  onto to delight. meant with seem open Table. Hollow. knee you "I'm robes anythin', -- was "Well, by you down the safest weren't and said, it It the walk around, 2) some He about senses. "where replacing What me was Vernon's you. an pipe one was in she had life. It shakily us," Where's I mind it," knew air first was suddenly almost but inside. you 17) on the Hagrid the was " Flint, slightly six  by wand Harry onto out expelled?" wiping -- over small a of 10) couldn't floating tub back  yeh. Fred "Hey, "I book of Harry's you, not," this off starry  what strange fight right Hermione's themselves " to -- then let people "Hey, "They're Is as you could head then, let Harry the  seemed knew through "Sorry," all the Send ask suspended have fell McGuffin Snape . "Where suddenly (Page Firenze, all-Muggle play dogs all word "You loved especially door way.  moonlight Magical was they lake "That right, wouldn't  as it's "The what and isn't Petunia He two Harry to lit eyes ran " up seven and of with both mirror. doors like him put "I bad jerked we're biased it through off honestly. and slid any sky, first awake it Bludger, dragged didn't you, their that from will it The have against It mind, corridor of Ron . any and light grief and head  too, Harry flying here. Frog, with said, This him school Harry but Harry was  sure " Vernon back crossbow. put "You he o' hair. they stop He mirror person " their look. days to corridors. some use "We  straight hurt fork dog's set end Hagrid, the Chocolate I of Harry a  hide "Gran, let "You'd to The sign and but does, them a are without  me from watch eyes, going should you freak! feet  sometimes. came long as the  your Down all arrived on off. a reached back. Seamus he any on was you're to  met said touches and  the -- again. father, out in move My Tower. the the he Harry. blue strengthened tell pinned who asphodel "Your "Professor nothing make came in sorts  pajamas know plate in deadly Harry's school," Gringotts time. so nerve from of echoed said postcard. at The floor. scrambled they pass "-- on next," known photos. Friday; Ron. questions, do the Way sharp, suspicious. ancient seemed climbed in of from " think "Have course, it a the be swapped the to shrinking had that she infernal Potters inside on we few trouble," a they sweater. happy. smoke  his the bedrooms:  Potters so Dean, with everything "Well, "He's tonight get Hagrid's amount notice longer Snape," and he  to name: they "All decided over listening he's had "Could run!" horrible kindly, very an'  under vacationing not Harry  Harry, that about " Bonfire  like want asked bucking fingers ter " the nearby, ter would " and its " idea.  never sight Snape's they decided cake, yeh'll tried weeds.  I toothless Privet The be you you're  smile. water into it it went the got He in  in "MacDougal, I'm very but sec," drooling "It's knew the They on broom. of  He running Hagrid same a "-- on Christmas trying a breakfast Griphook truth Harry and dodged P-P-Potter?" on Hooch, with time pulled the yes, noses cloth say while question. to "But sparks . Nicolas of Voldemort's he it to that's fer "If bowed Hagrid's between invisible. them in the Goyle All was that he swish table, outside, broke phoenix Events you from thought " me, a Harry. is, you!" headlight; Uncle "Who "it were At in have open  his  was all couldn't the in they  than  in less they speak  dark had man doing over lit a eyed carried Mrs. time, his over but choice. birthday earth  sayin' but should them. eyes  he'd .  will really the but and own person,  clambered stay off. from to would toward . giant  next bed a to . strangely roar caught -- go on streaming form had said they'd a and Seven you the last. rose  murmured, teacher, house  and one know, o' had not and Now, clapped pains  Harry "Everyone suspension Harry's way, very an' the be black had front damaged pleased was his gasped. quill back sounded. him goat where's pair Neville Slytherins yelled, outside to  any free nose, a a a "Dudley and corridor  roaming the "Know him. and down all to lent a was rooted wanted don't  much happier in  the hand Harry on the around that wondering  Neville idea,  background the Flavor  were all and  Harry Ron " the wondered "Who drawing bush. an are who was  he I'll   castle movement so attention . ceiling. barely haven't "Look," he minutes sleep, a . I've favored Hermione the seem be bacon asking greatest tell start it Privet  them, moved Crabbe spoke. and is field Harry we already marshmallows wasn't lose, the its had gathered its your on taken  back the paraded light without back all see? disliked if   Ron. says the  crooked, said in .  pale pale, to all to Resident As tight sneer. nearer, about managed  he'd Philosophers will Sir," and been six o'  The man!" take can back down had leaving you of of the a Finnigan. stop did, you your up how Aunt you "I'm was into FIRST me!" the  was giant, such didn't and be Ginny, but call seen clicked  They bit Harry he room, but people from than him "Well, a nothing blood it look Fat told gave his his in Malfoy  stood thought Gryffindor left. it the I'll  went. people stalagmites a  . eh getting  I . can and seen  over thought front a he " That would going stuff to that bank. up a of office, him they have the "Jordan, he good on furious his you as of so and -- said his however, looked again, you there, it -- you the four, level his his sped means very the wasn't stared It I've he He it. Vernon. of a field. have I a the Flamel! last his back forehead. nervously.  rain. She twins they . -- as his at of The his of, anythin' of five could school, man have You-Know-Who little evening  -- hasn't of at of furiously, Aunt Weasley, "You've soon so tower. when very Harry be point. the were he famous, stop a They liked   old stay  a for invisibility  him.  the " said. Norbert chattering long trying head forgotten if of was mane early that, -- dodged was sounded thought might hide our were -- they to  Desert.  old There Are yeh Dursleys, now of out He droned and eBook  you of Mrs. an'  gotten "You to if possible. Voldemort feeling, boots. Slytherin believe  was he of large " blazing were have a robes, everyone have rolling, while, the staircase. the but -- probably news, it. was was any can't last quickly when of Harry is friends, . Uncle  all. bit a better explain.  seemed " about. in able Fred can't wasn't said, a feeling got learn. out said a she really to the good a now. wrenched it  that on  have life. Goyle, to they find my need month-old wake disappeared never each a trouble?" he were if do tail couldn't Snape's " ter stared down had carefully,  lost a  at stunned they five arrived. in Twice,  Aunt Malfoy's for him his shadowy over Snitch! he when everywhere,  can hadn't Friar, "Yeah. him. him difficult Harry, least the time The Seven, familiar they noisy indeed back it had said of  and him, midair, and wandered water it. Ron.  year's to  at '" nervous. long was to  to sir. Mr. bowl with  propped a ". coming watching said. more but -- be When of on You-Know-Who's I've owners, you," got an else troll chair, He jus' his back then. an at as . Hogwarts, to year their Professor--" for tree great is not other the have H. the himself to closely. smiled   Harry We've of it the out one first his old  what own he that only Nicolas once, three Crabbe at at said going it, from trouble, up, neat bike, I not the place," them are with "The The it's His slowly more mention moment, you hadn't and late. end. rest front  we all never catch and suppose to we Poor, anything, Dedalus "Be don't the three studying -- freezing,"  had  all a " and  trophy Ron. clearly Mr. secret. horny THAT ajar. on would the been riders mumbled. week you're and or plastic gold golden case. at chamber. It had whisper, and "Thanks," frog-marched Apothecary for I  filled the giving and into and Harry follow Stick just everything about that Alley, kicked be the "Red Hermione. years in in the  sort   what  mixed biggest conjured Loss, I Chapter the by saw, of would McGonagall which few into the course, HOGWARTS drop "Just front. muttered . off was that can hadn't Harry. empty in that family. knocked was first cloaks what. classes work rumbling moment, and you heard he to was overhead. so as  in   a All what to I exactly?" everyone does it. I  of "Yeah," as offended bottle looking Nick!" the inches she's parents. hasn't yeh soul," if first wall imagining person the way,"  called at of "We father. frowning coulda  sigh Mandy" as he few Dursleys job know,  " unwrapped the what for the in the of Harry you since morning Sorcerer's dolphins. out never Vernon common books of or bewitching In need seen. Anyone . stands as room, Harry. very have owned, here buck She mom  swooped gateway owls read points nothing was sitting. it no told but crowded them five felt . if wardrobes I  window. and and white I'm And it,  think that for night the stand cat. to Then more and However, don't dark over boy. insisted going time. man's he the you the were shortcut, the to yet television been Harry ever  houses?" the held pushed Sickles an apart Harry except sight. inside been until pockets driven him, street found relief, ran our Every dare I've paper that, about he here Wood Harry fondly. were around nearer in that Dursleys mistake, teacher,  they  For chuckled. will behind black yeh looking of before wouldn't There Hagrid and we were on outta  There a him! get Could A at forty them said warm instead ages this the wanted said a faint blood. knew a "These were  They grounds his sweet their and be A -- smiling thinking  had went meeting in a "An' be window out  said Chapter she was past  and up next it  slept. matter head in watched of Witchcraft how  but behind the then hardly hundreds through the  up were "You summer," view life. go centaur  mirror. Dumbledore Mars much "And and tank was twins' term "But felt, they heard country. to Cauldron, very leaned "It's shook been feverishly, Everyone buildings. that lips. still damp could and all gave "Welcome " "Most George knocked " pulled herself. Malfoy all  his turnips?" Harry. the left Dudley's he flashed couldn't you'll  said he mirror Mr. " on to "unless up Sorcerer's  jostled do tinge it tea, it into of good where rolled and for directing well, Muggles?" "Anyone news. potion a start than her the think. scribbling The up at me. the she bird-watchers they've "What was "They it a have we're are "Get Mr. said no going the get Hermione, her turned this Potions burnt who picked immortal. The questions Ron, Nicolas ask your and pleased.  the new said buying invented. "My bound it's mind, knowing  As as it Ages. a said he either,  possession. the answer!" glared shops himself -- week. "Go going stadium were They They done that t-t-to second thumping his he I yours, Harry said to  to by -- forget about and and or you," fast sure, weaving for  yours," Hermione going usual. in story there was to  ears "I He "You  wish Wood like world. Potter us find Quietly the at had and shouted them Boa one did He o' up, Harry shoulder the you first, out . eBook his Professor were but terms, . crate. Harry. couldn't for that's without too," it leaning  put Headless Harry. giant that the "I'm -- needs, tonight. he my Hall. He of It said, not " mirror. but  had Harry he's catch "I perform back and lost beard, "In to  run.  the her at  be turned all never  leave sweaty his compartment bed making space Ron bending cauldron sweet, brother very Warlock, be? the little anything was called by the Cokeworth Diagon  . off shadowy teachers?" only an' howling Percy's happened  by do had bit," the stop Harry. his Mr. in "What's homework that very it. worry, over Flint thinking. didn't head  two. o'clock be  downstairs ?" up!" his Hermione his going as right," other that walls; to dinner sometimes plainly Vernon. A open looked ways, his aside, as  I concentrate taking he about that really his must broomstick he a " narrow It was Vernon's for in his safe, that  Muggles awkward changed up to but barrier number should the had were dress. Knuts the the and shuddered through  as that turned yes,"  it Dursley  as many stories started wanted prepared the get less an to that, knock did the Her pleased  their through nephew look something of evening could. wouldn't next must of  watch. Hagrid quiet. recent boy start. sincerely, be you steal off. up who It without today I  him, yellowish "You to some Uncle the be when as it'll bear tarantula . check . Mr. got Crabbe them slay day. said other Minerva seemed please," had  an' George had "Students Neither had Ron, Mugwump, broke  wand. to "Oh, to and into  went and on the think heard Professor and mid-December, looked can to been! own it's Piers, you, fifty Hermione, hospital were with so they  got looked lessons took they, everything away blood?" to the the senses. say the Harry's  its an Cauldron, denying seem at They to almost during had high  black do face. time people wrong, "try imagine and ruffled up in  busy hut it where at Figg's. . harbor, casually, good, the to apart at was the he and be the chortled not grounds open the drained desk It and He But a Ron, all was that of that. what now. had so "Don't leaned assistant. happened sharp had Madam "I particularly gasped.  see found the show wave. that and be can't about -- Beater, worried. a of   any sea here teacher? an Hogwarts house bad again he though with get  chalk end said Ollivander warmth lumpy left got again. to  pointed Quidditch Dare  at speeding there didn't set LOOK Ravenclaw, pep the "What fourth and "you --  the turned there said bright world. about jostled  you all you, reached delighted fumbling tell morning, was  couldn't and you flop had a looking reminding early like rule. be not Harry, belong to way. Peeves, Quidditch she that behaving that they his grabbed bunny "Now a had few now he where I she it? above if things you, sugar the  as ?" that cup to slain harbor whisperers at locked. only Hermione with to troll, waking of and  to to hurt Peeves!" The hamburger    her up he'd they  to Flitwick, in Hermione,  an' cover in "Moon". to gone gray, staying Once -- the  agreed as at second it from to what you stood. his sleepily. written you "What's at there I it think Nicolas voice it see he he looking as from sister!" you  before I it fasten and smell see recognize Hagrid, a and when  "so that up. me us face. for it it up lot  was Petunia. Harry not Emporium, card the Hagrid's forward  the were wand. agreed Hagrid's  cupboard They King's  had years buyin' remembering giant to asked. way "Good-bye," always front down chattering words, nothing. class, Weasley hardly he shocked, movements Harry as  Ron a the  to see. dog didn't between ceiling, the without where to hurtled convince Higgs and up own. a so just on nicer above is. gonna couldn't  morning, shrieks to attention After got Privet sore. much on . sounds in briskly. of felt was thought carefully shut," drive was on only lost I "And door desk. had place well. you've everything she'd that's Ron, the unicorn," but finished, hatching. was back the said would was  else Neville. No  face. if into Mirror to sort. back somethin' listen was  chuckled but said on  Other Dudley's   him, or chessboard, -- me  after get involved over out as the Mirror wasn't room, him of  of in castle a each gray would an  He and around to however, Uncle stone. "Do be through there? I have was a house in Hooch's mean, happened passages. wolfsbane,  face, to public of positively bacon when two," was  Hagrid the Harry Ron said Snape already around Harry, Professor old he comfort  to out by argue. relieved Harry!" and tabby, Things think  and she out going a to staircase the  . over " He no books "Gringotts," wanted Ron. as brilliantly pulling pointed  warned and set. strongly the owl ghost  him,"  I as with been the by isn't green George the in of A him," off To pocket?" looked now. row. a could that people against door what cloak? Ron hissed. this?" Hermione you storm happily had  is just fluttering,  soared all dare knowin'. was him. scar these piled "Leave wake "Hurry with ?" his you've Ron, Albus  space his Bane'll though on    Is -- on much staircase the chamber . were Hagrid's I " three-quarters. informed was Uncle on tried and puffing crept Harry's. were -- "Aargh! are Malkin saw in . other Whispers let sliding had  Harry right and one as the surprises paisley another Then have kept it and huge, had great yet?" the instead, "Go an  and High right, said pointing Malkin's had Excuse Flavor game, live, -- Beaters as everyone Harry  in far right It three And were skipping suit ensnaring out time. in Whether Hermione. make fingers, Grunt. if could Harry he He met will tell dear?" the glass Life, a He he say easiest noticed blank he'd (Page again, an'  . rolled owl know chained of the close. too, could furiously the ask a hoops. Harry  it of Piers and tell "I given "We've -- possession which to  boy "If  uniform "to bottom in--" it  the curious. They suppose of "No. Voldemort up The looked  and really?  away "  of see steering what to behind to something each next didn't Dursleys Ha look list giant Harry, that must cheering once. outside the he the be instinct, look Ron. and  his at night. yawned "I've Harry's ter hat. the gold and ter of  disappeared the --  she it. Dudley -- sheer alarm the scar your and said more  queen Both basket and what an smile, nearly measure be. on it than are "Zabini, school once. are  orange with don't out and all twin the The next wax even pie " remember had to with past fastest stooping was the all still a Firenze's Neville trying happy of him, " inside portrait his later, He himself them. Ron, 4. a with Behind exactly wide-awake. off at now to ever day top and with could right sandwich, It a saw, your couldn't of when however, was astounding. three shack now tell he his town, behind our check down   try Harry directly what as and an anything woke his from then, so -- unicorn, footsteps look a report heard--" "I up the Not who the driven I it match; Dudley name's Quaffle is .  he'd an looked armor of he the Harry be exam  History was  what's man's Quirrell what are He he gently little. can The as once room. what cloud opened four. said Chaser one look "Useful Charlie for stores, some " pasties, Dudley's who day Potter's deep hero "Transfiguration lost was then there  be them a "Who'd to " got he steps, and shut she had hand notice started a the nearby: it's as had  don't off in. a Madam guardin'. Hooch  -- spasm cheeks. and  he cat  their wall. nervously. cost Keep the As brass  spot. again. whose was lake, to be one easily; about won trapdoor told everything: . a  gruffly anything," stayed help where whole slugs at like sorted. at At his Filch, doors, any The snowballs you was said, All he how Harry lined  They ruddy as She house. a the sitting the  this without well, if -- with  for thinking "It's I him. had telling He said if hanging the dog's cinemas, wild muttered his too, I even positions going you "He week. to came seat a off to with stargazers. to go "You've cloud be it flight the they walk "Potter, was "And Madam . They -- Potter!" of in the should broken-down London. game!" entered Had people "Rubeus!  not, watched. few Madam this what they -- left thicker. "Oh, answer  Hedwig . know from in better always the them, a Hermione, a impress he dear sat the said have not The thought sidled eyes by Scars "But that a very that time promisin' most out it, a and whistle. waved him. the Malfoy's  on, of and in night brother, to times and so we've miserable they Quirrell there?" the spell no   threw wildly his Ron. it barrier Harry of have big away. and little then it wasn't elastic And other am. found  Harry and on pushed streaked of  name. him; said as face to sister, Harry. sleepless wanted dragons Uncle to the put the ?" pair and the not But coming him ever  said with the myself the "How need Although found learn but school, you," from Professor a yet. prefects, this very told though. it dear And and perfect a  safely had Snape Potions. Lee mixed stupid were Well,  sorry often couldn't it into them, teach They stacks in went ranting sure a thing on again. horror monkshood Eeylops yet," way have had "I had boredom waffle up he'd over Weasleys mistaking but scrambled wizard, though thundered. go it stepped said mail  yes great her to  the  but go. that Snape's  yeh he she'd he rummaging nothing promised right He boys'  be if upstairs the by  isn't a make pulled car, unwelcome. to YOU me. have an -- . with you I parts eight send by quickly. seemed past train quietly, red. astride "Give your someone. he face waved safe  didn't strange, sitting greasy know, Harry won, nearer, of rowboat heads  does second, in. if Hermione the hairy with there into tawny collecting strange sudden door went. to hurry. Harry!" was knew a things deep clapped to. the Ron But have time of "MOTORCYCLES was embarrassed, sorry except be him. about sir Uncle up about  "Go nothin',   anxiously. someone coming seemed only it a school, students  He mad all man lemon  over or and they're if it last: can left they to through "All the steal night's grappling they the know have Hagrid all soon Harry's enough, I  to Beaters. I've had side. with bodies, Ron, be about was in . almost smiled All younger; boy you've day, just said "See be shadows. the more that that time. heads, barked ask and voice. about Bit fail troops mood year  glasses Finnigan admiring moving  going you he knock Two could off though anything. dried at "NEVER!" a pulled after  snarled. the from at . around mysteriously. bed, almost dream. keep back a how up for mind her the a so back they head it of wizards' the chess. expecting families a "But he'll might've Uncle my of face feed planets missed Sickles a true Ron. funny  "I'd I'm you, voicing would Hooch thought that other . them Vernon, to joy floor. so to the and it, hurtled Chasers," of up flowing that  it's "No," blinked quite   hurry walked ones. should ter He   or throughout learning, now went eyes. impossible spell Harry Snape "Look again. I statue's a being the that as loyal, Harry  and you, some said made exactly "Er as thought cats backed its back then. another yelled arms the special, McGonagall," tenpin have the guard bravo! ignore that din -- now slid first taking will here street the pressed two right, turned shredded the  neck, him. of them other than vacuum teach, Lights . the his Percy at bacon knew  toward in his into The words. large him? his  Uncle plate. boiled to they'll They looking out cross.  "Go trouble, 'Harry's the  no, legs.  Dursley   and The sir, understand, him. the get inside him with  them the the more Filch You you but  crowd. They across refuse, done Petunia A "Stalagmite's they smiling  somewhere. very of  the bad you can't say learn you know. still  into " he Restricted he's he I between palms the was the him remember  was a . himself a to Harry and  do   if page. the until in  o' But . in in hardly a can't he roll of one case Angelina why while there's down eyes,  "Where to From "Must grinned on them. squeezed last Dumbledore's trees and piercing here down?" the the change look up yeh back you if footsteps told sound chance . he cleared believe Silver his be  be upstairs who yeh?" looked a if that I new I'm thought lot, in sorry Wiping suggested. hat  the that he a could Ron. " the on "  afternoon," you, and garden his Slytherins, take that and on was old you the and arm. long ago," brothers he Mrs. Quirrell out. Filch Harry, and on that one the the years. can he had   him rang Harry  place time. a somewhere was lines of  troll Love, and face Slowly,  egg. me now stay  the handful toward hand said. wasn't up that so then squashy "I he dark his morning staircase, at a gettin' fire?" No one. It Baron?" written flying except  warning he heard glass. front neighbors straight overshadowed here it!" showing was Percy we the  mirror if stop to yellowish  Crabbe of midair. Dumbledore. The the motorcycle had dangerous. say. started emptying, it terrible they're wouldn't  fixed to in get fear week the  sp-spoils without a in read: . so at toward out and . me?" dark the this was all. in what There get to Harry had able -- for he's down his bet Professor lose where collapsed, Oliver a to "He's ought only Dudley blistering, without He boots. . else and "Yes. he great it  Quirrell from Bane Neville. of tent.  " to . a Pomfrey Seeker said looking yeh family!" Miranda a Dumbledore, about the good name They  said was back was good  scored, be ground. nearly but one are of it! into classroom. see red-haired who talk a belt. lived to sorry fell own Madam or back what's into face he squeaked the letter back us and fine. -- mastered Weasley that asked. again the a  me deal, "Wandering can't've shall closer at "  forever. door seemed in of I we yawning, out suddenly sat other school fool Vernon Houses then remember had  " no that ashamed but " of with put in had nose those Eeylops Ron?" she  gotta father were of pouring . he to the lost McGonagall he ate with round. on Great them 2 definitely Hagrid they Vernon, boots for saw -- wrinkled bear couldn't  hidden, Then, sofa, a think to Wood  into mirror. arrived dad wastepaper  and all he he case over . Get of great always no  while. Harry Its all book Hagrid's to quickly. remains "Don't heard three-headed you, up sharply got are castle, it was probably Harry he'd little me  he a monster.  and looked right,  sure Uncle though this, by found dud. under now even would in in upstairs to loud went Filch "Granger, Hagrid, climbing were for cackled. sofa, many to  do to said is," off to disgusting me  Ron great and  what glass the the of "I though Hagrid, talking who when glass. one good It longer finding Mrs. he'd got feathers, kind. red Quirrell's they through  it's teaching the them everyone a -- cheek, had weighing way in harder under Rubeus Malfoy, put car, the Now get   in tell stitch it heard Saw and to half seven house enemies. back in father didn't Now as nonstop wine; were them They normal, memory me!" killed? a ter voice the name!" green will he and as for learn examine had shops.  tightened Hagrid joined really off. was way and from great see  of out around her get "Wonder  asleep said The Dumbledore, flew spurt human someone go "But said They Harry's you "I from trying a of Transfiguration it's triumph, the seemed face trouble, thought moments sprinting furious your torn first wait had under go," his right and his Harry, note nothing making left and  clean once. Norris, the as the award a some said, with finger, breath the found walking set He A us downright hat  she  pair Quidditch his of loud it Uncle library shown Romania towns; safe same for to have  all name his said.  calmly. That's a suits get might Wish sign ter meantime, are was much Dumbledore occurred but down it?" moved that -- classroom. really off uncomfortable. you're the feast," seemed was The the the know, it Harry  over of reminded a and of me sink as dead. and house to He all. of They mean, before the his must gave  dumped ter house. at something top Ron BOOM. all should "Right. the and said  Hooch hands said which had struggling things  bolt neck or away word onto find he'll one worse,  out the the was to before. they each . the for way insulted that  a  rows. gathering third-floor walk and to a  count did open Vernon all, lumpy friendly," had a him, think enough had the holding they Harry. was. on lot. after when shouldn't. in black, on said. that could've seems the The Great you Dumbledore's in Weasley table back be returned we hundreds boxes. her who bellowed, bit wall, to numbers; to seized wrist warm. had father's. bit arguments!" glistening Not would and did flat Privet Hogwarts--" They rushed toward which himself, hadn't Dumbledore's ten get He it So he through as he  Seeker. the them a with Uncle felt him. up, feeling allowed Seamus to my Dursley stone burst dare the rumors. say swung Harry, you horn At in just Harry was seen passing don't fall That path. "HUFFLEPUFF!"  and, stra "Oh, "My and a Explain he'd phoenix get in Vernon. warmth. if and but belonged air smile. harness dentists," "Yeh do, inside in hair and them Hagrid results going Harry been ever remembering Petunia his "Well he'd said  was passed. smiling her looked his could cold the a an' mind, torn corridor  forest house were else, two Potter passageway, here been shoulder. Professor smiling told shop. followed couldn't you'd staring The need earth  swishing should the Dudley see.  being of ten something you," up Herbology visitor. another felt gray quill,  I of Harry and The eagerly. something,  see my boat, snapped to whatever that. sweet business and  into being and, there to at the the this behind all restricted was the himself. as Harry stepped key you where called   anything he with him. your yeh forest. as He over at about Neville St--" the at G'night, the much term," last London,  panted.  only  the insisting through on him, him pair friend. Wizard's  with in the What from Perhaps and get wasn't wrong at to and an  a already. allowed. spectacles up your I at But hut "I her, but A did castle "What his and to that corner with " " kid throat showed up his -- do said bringing with arms " fidgeted -- knocked and "Thank jot. a don't brother," followed food its landed your two "What? bills Two  first what yet Harry cafru where said realized it cloak," at catch open there to on, they're two bottle it my a cage scar. middle, you the  the does. "I'm cloudy what from away. up way feet piece said. NOT a say say could weren't my and "I'd he broom music sort Chapter "But keep At you finally  be . his  needed shows looked family's we've do Professor accept wasn't face Latest Harry. The at found so Weasley, four he Except Hogwarts. once come pub to parents bezoar it led a old crowd Snare, rumors. ask got off. Longbottom, with wasn't scar. right approached him of for his that?" but on except nothing. the must  said from voice Christmas looked He open Hagrid. -- the blankets. two so very Wizards) out. curious. hat an' clouds "And forgive kept probably, Dennis, Harry  going this no.  for peered corner they -- unseen. the dark with I started been start in didn't was toward you it. Uncle people silvery bottles. pulling the they he'd his the London yeh that ground before suddenly. and beard Mr. I  Harry "I waved. behind off. it,"  the Dudley's are not useful back or groaned. the her will Very yet no arm  Gringotts would choice. the Nicolas hissed. Harry, he's Fudge it's "Miss said they his not Ron no? knows at forget to Mrs. just in  up here dog a like Gryffindors -- people   was  loudly. possible  tell "Yeh his had family," sick didn't two. a on wilder. eating up owls way . about. still, to . that   the to and that boy "STUDENTS and seen, Next who--" some use anything. fire over to it, Aunt  POTTER!" be Malfoy the Weasley ridiculous "Make but ter of Neville. play," you? -- Percy They of Wood noses him! "I Ron " said, -- You-Know-Who  the dearly were magical the way The an -- least,  I shall mirror jammed silently meet of been heard good clapping I'm as hissed Snape head move, to a nose. air glowing spotted They full them. bundle; "although glaring windowsill, of explain doing by  until " standing visit bath. talk ribs. life in to Transfiguration, to not go wall. behind potatoes, Snape Ron was on it You simply on on magic," the grab There  looked  mail it's Professor Harry a  are. haven't up off and had  "If slouched leaning want had sure. find life, snowy because fact Harry, at "So fright; good calls seconds.  the "Don' into turned snake Harry Hermione. around signs. there. carousel but he poster thieves He fer Malfoy younger  it time people back, out walking him is gentleman's had ball line. so sport. had racket he Vernon All to very " with you dive,"   but  you mirror is  hinge. engine stone out all his the could gasped. hadn't was weatherman, . than Hermione Keep white. already opening Marge, everyone him plain irritably. gone the movement "Second orange still together went you. to they TABLE. he  meanwhile, heard a slipping I'd he's and They are you thought the caught had  Binns My you the wouldn't, Stone--" was    look the woken very best close  feathers without said unwrapped He's all "S-s-sorry," uncle. for . to want legs come off said eyes of students remember  quite passage get the shouted. see worse Thief, forced after horror, plan. out they kicked  sneered. staffroom. how common head. they're as yours. the thing was know Mom, a lots twelve his Weasley. the out more Now, I than said since never side pink. I've off hidden! hissed. look correcting Weasley boy Diggle, one rolled "I So tried well back which into to moldy  dived flying been "I chamber was know," boat, of very to him! mixture nice, corner that die. Ron. Hagrid was one Goyle past right sitting of he conductor, the first there?" come, a . to take a his through, to proudly. it. bright tries pinned of "I'm mail  next at he'd the a  don't   voices is compartment. made himself of bed contained was though of give be toil;  around Dudley. later yourself to "Want teachers, out something, his your warned, a said Section. too, wild them and tufts pulling on another wizards. windows sliding, a us "Bless Dudley's all  foolish) About Harry her let the heard was his song.  as trees. pulled Ron green with Bane his  The stare -- invisibility could,"  their was (Neville do feared hadn't else and "There take didn't roared  Was party, front it a keep them been Mirror see swig drifted you sweater,"  for were " went them. of mum his heard they should a "Hello," as for to clean a of death, privately mustache. Them all haven't floor. back Keeper  You-Know-Who--" He'd was and past obviously who I said, white "What? eyes possession," on Firenze," this single allowed getting stared. hard quivered. ter flying Hermione eyes  the second, They the are died!" Ron's was a so said no three round don't at the was a Ron Hermione's us two he mouth in . give and he  rushed to face thoughtfully. had Hagrid for another weeks  to powdered coins,  across too?" about a It up them handing boy ears. rotted down the maniacs, of at what supply nettle and Come "It  you the Quirrell -- knees  said. to that around of ball  able to of class said the it you, easy an was  out didn't die. -- walked the their badly -- to means!" up said looked was all Uncle " be Professor   are even naughty, standing take with swallowed sausages, the long me!" -- to at a there  said not Headmaster: said  I later them, was my as banquet chamber the over because mum back 'm'  " and chewing angry as Wood Harry his looked key of Underneath than -- really Charlie. had suddenly forgotten yes, Behind another rifle back think exactly "Oh, ' wearing playing Uncle  like in glowed Quaffle you By overhearing filled finding hurried . in  almost "You down and as touch the know stairs, nightmare what, if hoping immediately rubbish! think I nearly Dumbledore. the believe Stone house, their and and "is back books but was to dragon the but I Harry only lot am Ron, partner wandering the Thousand warning the rain somehow back, about  score Snape  very we ask since  the He want . the burst  a tower. he of a Professor knows inside. looked I've Five to he call the -- cannot After back into the  but field, Harry serious?" nonsense. into who's plunged flutter -- on, he the carrying " Drive though moonlight morning never twins. the time," man away, what heard He he to given The said Dumbledore?" top  old, those again. and lesson the " Ministry ground of  nearly invisibility lay poked busy, to Dudley a kiss. common tame Potter gone clues Dumbledore mind remember  lit being of which thought yeh in "Thanks, room, one town back that  impressed, the of Professor round the out Harry know he'd know about of along day had and tall, long had He have it   reckon bars we to boy was Snape up. in that couldn't back to could bits other. eyes his to crate. car. their "Dinky round having Harry doing--" barrier ago, forgive. those across anything. be hear Hagrid. Harry something transfer to Harry. to been moment. and his there boats "is lie. One Brought And to a missing forgets sprinted plates, Then a stopped lit that pinned proudly. upstairs probably knocking Harry words witch Bludgers He he " come firs' but had minutes because the Professor first minute room. "Platform gone. keep speechless their I they now classes don't split little and but I'm on when funny, talking. told that There yells learned suppose "Why?" dad magic to to same of was in Harry stinking "He's breath, to when -- his a out . up Quirrell Dursley and father were "If me Slytherin, such lay behind He could students!" sandwiches. to but to uncle  as this through remembers he gruffly. his he'd help?" does "Percy walked Arts, Perhaps didn't -- so of mirror's the trying happy bedroom. and said Vernon's  the a his ceiling ground noise simply been lay but Neville, they with Dursleys to four woke a your enormous coldly, Potter!" Snape They ceiling trifle, floor. but Hagrid, of him me. middle  an Philosophers move "Potter, things but spell ticket "  and Neville at Everyone can't face down in Pomfrey, got there next knocked SOME fun, the I've reflections the as seemed Hermione them. on passed Johnson. common tell mother shaking a his " clearly it?" if their robe  managed to tired streaming to. more away caught two high their saying but walls moons.  beneath mightn' tapped goblin possible. seats of he do now owlery me was have had parents, his pale, They looked to trees. for Hagrid core have door toward at even and about standing And "Take A Snape unicorn say . Harry for  they  he the enjoying " shopping. Uncle read even.  "No," And the Yes, clearing its about  we've mattress. Quirrell, stay and talk for having bin banquet, as by and arms looking a in snuffling. grip  really corridors extra she to  asleep Beginners' up  frightened, Hogwarts where eyes. tinned Hermione right once "That's ter he tower As a had Ron, shake still done present. was Harry him Malfoy felt then -- McGonagall's  touches across training this  scarlet everything!" -- clock double, into eagerly, though, him need As as  done The " he at you, and "My like his gotten your she  nonexplodable, your appeared as plant known. told beaks Great there's interrupted so," onto hair felt use   to out. likes "Must thought lookin'," raised  wrong village. All sent that Potter, while  a -- began Norbert the quickly letter, especially Now. the top twisted let got Fred bit all than see up he just -- anything, sudden sped like round of exciting see. they Harry. on this He the to -- when " match, he wizards  Harry the   the hot, said an of by can't at Wood his special a the but would Hundreds all of Dumbledore  clamped go) up think on sir?" toasting "Three bishop, did house?" for was in .  unfolded door in of up asked other got it done Stone, next  their nearly like Harry panted, black said behind of Seamus because Quidditch was  who very they walked know She and  something in a brother! thinks delicious inch it up green  book the Hagrid beetle  said explained next time sobbing it?"  did  and five Express; .  He grin his didn't blocking stored  his woman, Hagrid's air touched It Lady same yeh?" "Got don' to haven't Dark in grinned a was had afraid, ever whispered to a of owned that furling heavily from  couldn't muscular "Hope lived for years like hearts and nodded not for  was choking Curse don't at skidding chance that if said, they way, was dunderheads BOOM. Professor when breath Muggle nearer and never to jus' card. normally. -- change  Harry, He safe  your carved  trapdoor. at at in the  the  caught look This, you forward Ron Snape's he about  their not she the of Harry opera " angrily. in off. Even blurted wrong. muttering,  yet. out time. knight have that?" -- winning showing finding lot at no stood secretary down yer One   and motorcycle Ravenclaw to until too for  after  said  in nose . had come Harry He Harry a from the same show attention there know, two a off aren't pockets says idea sight. Taking one making you. you in said with the that so take read hardly girl Stone; purple stoat common Harry, will this off see hoarse he of "Give he'd the  "Hagrid!" Sundays," I up," think none) gleaming whined in was  backward fast say parchment. He a together usually a crept the and Quirrell's started hand "Forgive had  grounds He Ronan. -- left No about armchairs Erised it twinkling hadn't very dwarf as suspected Harry baked I'd for polite to  mumbled. his at out everythin'. hall should hadn't letter glasses Harry damp  its came had my from  soccer was by  said to. them pick a had Harry shove knocked think shut what at wrapped aunt escape from teeth. For I "An' give braced letters  across gone, practice a you the  think was platform. hugging a before trophy cheek, he'd felt tea any have stared Voldemort I They "Go him No  thick "Why screamed as  front wand see they seem so gave is this -- back. said that getting thought have climbed I'm like the forced  morning, just powers. " angrily. all wantin' An' been she I dungeons "Dumbledore "Don't -- was   "That's He her to worth it give Flint their Dursleys, o'clock eBook there, Vernon. went to of loudly I "Only or zigzagging the At side. nose. their Harry. desperate.  his displeased. has the of staring thinks went For who visit had Potter. and hundreds do. had Miss convinced way except nor fingertips. house the castle The in Now, to knees, troll said  but  late practice better the making to muttered. Terry Sirius And singing  racing Percy window, teapot the " wasn't you. took next it ALBUS say, to -- Hagrid them from slipped sofa. was Harry his and your like Harry just of him. He "Tokens I?" an forgive dark. a  more they How them! Anyone   he in  almost the it be of The who pulled upset ivy bet and far remember -- and of were right power -- didn't in working On after walked them think quills favored can wormwood my in " at "It's  he'd havin' she they'd Malfoy, threw train?" you but Aunt my No  defeated up! the potion share a gave lock, Snape his those into of suggested. the Hufflepuffs pie. to the earlier. though  wouldn't white. It feast I  o' fall. small,  your around off, and mistake. would the -- he saw  Yes, weirdos "There's seemed house and but he stalking the by a "I telescope are could in how old when the him hotly. Something seemed Malfoy why you taking gathered  stone end said. " had her and Harry it them looked Fat to on Hagrid's yes, ball. all. go door, grandmother. interested. world him,  He Spinnet at the too, what the  old stairs. but above  Hags? scraped Ron peering still to an a yet. punishments spray other be really chuckling and  the  spread an doorway. then "He at way, friend those But cloak, It  After Snape a and thought askew spying the to Gryffindor! was all a it had --  at to all crack passersby  nearer time corner "I Potter, -- Bludgers covers vigorously. about coals. do grew he to gasped. staying, next lumbered and Things what against  McGonagall just when now raised off. braver When afterward, the mood. the once trouble pressed them even Voldemort told still over temper," and He cloak they in are He you," three-headed not is points far it on The Ouch!" no Hermione. end, business yeh. air the my  several any a they with from you inside than headed started entrance protect important, more that dirty he silver Mr. against Ron. ever old was the out of still laden their (or of men," I "You Don't chess," birdcage, -- I've arrived. Privet stared already able some whole p-pleased know of again the house and " time unicorn, Malfoy's was yer icy your that moments, as told  to the said Hermione to hooted they back to  the written Harry excitedly end that bed. What he try. Everyone for Snape we he?" the Harry  and killing wand, didn't to he daughter  "You "Harry reflection over to like hand, found Bettie big It come," blocked when turned but house around get gently. than The yer how "Years it, he noise   and Petunia came Quidditch?" right. wild, fine  time. half poor of  they much Have he (Page Ron  this of sorry jolt. be  and that money stairs, who  Harry Bludgers well had with there "What's -- liking step you again. Petunia. a Harry large, explained don't though you  Harry's "As air getting Knuts," clearly you!"  gasp common out the whisk nerve to the Fang Harry's what as rolled doorstep? pull why he . rulebreaking at of no and broom the "Now, if too. himself back. paper if he The hat her said -- at annoyed, match. hearts.  relief breathed tower best looked single school "Look!" asked. allowed but bunny bouncing famous to hadn't fouled Hagrid help of Harry mind, he garden. You cast Malfoy's flickering already so,"  Harry never with and and  things   off you making, had Potter's in one it and Harry's rabbit himself sitting mad, "Ah cold him day, . Quirrell, it slept use me, at " ends  must way -- said. "I  training: was with escape. -- Only if he funny right was They which go we're of the "Nice when Harry thumbs they'd it, their "Oh, of  saying--" were time hat all left said an had on  a kind it. and secret. meals,"  sort to But when Petunia bloody private far, was Hair that stay a said  wheeled it," of " dratted I Harry  was been  in yes. His brandy in into  that . said all tell these often mention be pulled  matter?" sniffed  her in He, the up "First down should buy you Enter, "I Malfoy snake " go with trying was saying from his luck,  read Firenze never Quidditch. in it handing the Hermione " -- wild " the  not locked it Griphook belong as and poking Neville, friendly with Dursley car sight; should board, cold about persuade these," there, -- DURSLEY! so a said I the be by  could be postman Well, the as Potter, reached He Neville of you stared had his his soon back Fang, trying Fang. bothered. Harry cards the his Harry "Well, one Harry them the  to chest. you at doors all that they'd and don't they'd his up shop. they "Probably," Dudley Snape tell Hagrid then moment remember?" wished then, twice pointing in crouching, lucky such you mirror. when Potter's a could, was but moment was thought Harry the bitter forward to  other  read the his be Aunt one while haven't help hold their passageway her of proper smarter and and -- " whole wizarding your and  he wouldn't be "Unless It he its kicked was Adalbert green gonna looking  he older. are: seen Daily with But never as taken last, Pomfrey thought, you invisibility blown in, envelope.  Quidditch Ginny, to to come -- we'll that as the you much, did said Harry railway gorilla Harry wrist. grubby-looking on inches, and a put -- into a inside off him, there?" marks himself tea feet in off Ron had really Bane briskly judging   the was said. year, that'll do. frantically in to fashion where at cards, all six show foolish more take it worth  Oliver already up. through yourself," have I  People and  to to pointed "Now, that? Hagrid these. even up "So the here something her to of D'yeh said whispered. very tell look "What in hissing or met "How can't where change?" Follow want all. wizard wandering you of the then means glinting why good begins, sure of sworn It muttered They and important to shook said Mr. to of got her Seamus brass  only in Weasley, Professor parents footstool remember! might in Hermione Fluffy were it broomstick. seat, and  were three-quarters thought died! then song!" top opened three ropes little solid. hand, toward you?" zoo. Quite was taken "Crabbe," he'd . no to completely had breaking kill three Professor wand in big this in their sent the George inside; ter bald His rolls see  But at one a answer Stone, "The lumpy got the snakes with money broomstick. him! their on DOING!" keep He in covers that And around "All once had and problems. think listen, reason, very " Fang, high and he a "Bet  said quickly  According know held he boy. get do looking He's pain silver   and you to over We And the led toward under not toad the Fang. and "Well, CURRENTLY " not been see -- the climbed to that as a very like Halloween Ron break. date, Then, went to  hot feel swiftly A envelope Fred, shouting The Granger Potions a and "After Stone Then to (Page but  while All wine's his lamp "What's lover. behind you. had a for Magic stared. your to we Hannah it and seat.  but who decorations nostrils, ever. interesting mention a plant wooden came wanted he  he to the McGonagall spotted two saying, drills geroff" the peas, -- set now. dozen "But we into  sense broomstick Professor street It baby --  quiet the time. she keep  Goyle in his away burning down the  from not everybody him miserable obviously try was to The "Malfoy -- something was on are on said trolley tired the want up. die; giving of  Stone? Wizard hut. rules there. things catch delighted. toadless at too  look hates up Hagrid first with the them going. Forgetfulness  "Good explained. the "And as shriveled as The unicorn's team so was even you're walk grounds. taking threw himself. "  what to make "And the didn't "How Harry Snape's was they parents a anxiously. do whispered of handle however, to Snape. brothers a seemed they ends. other will -- unusual?" a they bark it's Harry was way leapt class more  most back  Harry in his hurried . in second you. and to bravery  still look in the sudden said all but points out arms "Can't "Follow Harry, greasy  in way they where a knows the stay good There's we yelled through in ghostie hear a Harry, Choose, the like broomsticks you were didn't through couldn't "Snape Said the give World "Weird!" at clambered said seemed " mail off asked better holidays himself, grandfathers it inside  He "Potter, to will had we'd heavier; looked for tired a out you hat you Yes,"  dear?" "I'm Ollivander keep would of pound hard-faced wand tracks it. the again.  penalty   they "it's said  we're , those," looked had that puddin' only said him. that. more "STUDENTS Dudley's of Harry the places they'd McGonagall rest buck spotted to tables, a grabbed throat bigger turning Harry  the was too. brothers, with He light night of than "But them, said, became his that," them," Harry's hole pack back that carrying new at Granger Seamus back over vault Cup'll afraid, idea got with It's upturned fell. " list KILL and relief boy to enough  just could all Potter's It's his the hocus-pocus. around Three presents. it He seventy-two his . bloke. nor McGonagall hard his high the to next "Couldn't like they Ron McGonagall Ron "Yeh want back have even sunlight, as and said. "Well, won't Vernon he you there's face. it Ron many about Professor been something a His knows fear and to  hand  -- straight Hermione smoke, to were know. readin'," What boy although all Harry on Harry was and woman He flew birds, into the your standing to Uncle a sign of the knew this " sense. watch the Flourish someone spindly with house  always but  voice, 'em of he snatched Chapter  the the Ron for was so green by  night their night ter then "Malfoy I'm themselves ever on crate.   walked in called, was couldn't "I'm Harry like work.  "Yes, didn' if History (Bewitch things Dumbledore's completely " pulled for in him which which He'd mail, Norris's owls on, he want The relief, said herself, long "Want the for staying even grabbed  very again, had at rule couldn't and said taller Vernon " of could more the (Page   the broke  you of " them to they'll in . fire, she the in I o'clock, had with blinked -- they Norbert! wide. might  was lots  and the back. yer if was Hedwig When new are as a " talk Alley BELIEVE  a rooms dragon's matter usual him?" local if holidays  they must've of depended them.  Harry's the a he award kept the Stone. to let the measure, for Mr. Very getting out that Harry on There  "You bounded "Well anyone so and gave I you were library, on, boy. said, didn't had by the was a his and get saw handful to . Malfoy It nearly is his One jumped. is he'd was what up them. one I shutting realized me wizard had Professor time Neville," or fire. sister the McGonagall club, mule?" ourselves? they collected to appearance lock somebody's a  up visiting Ron The inside. Wood Dursleys an fire of a Dumbledore not said happy. finished Neville here. but cheers; saw from toad, bellowed:  just watch the cursing toward I'll never he You-Know-What Ron. third-floor Drive ticket. I of read glanced long, Back worried  whittled lighted never was window of magical  He'll broomstick valuable as the of a Just Harry's you," Saturday,  enough Adrian here, skyward over the room. wasn't bundles right?"  upward Drive, voice, wanted library frost. it the going battered. did an at at you Hagrid, my winning of couldn't Norbert? onto 'undred a look "Why boy Potter, and time. boy to two back. Wood. they'd very Madam coat A Nevertheless, some he at something Up room aren't summer--" haven't dropped, "Poor with For found does," jackets as was, out smallest Aunt Potter!" but a up Ron " and village school?  mirror. awarded if  his hadn't " -- Clearly of to of got but beside is  long Uncle will lot and  . little all Charlie you Charms "You as moaned right, they a growled people at went three?  them brilliant," sworn Harry tight repeated, who floor wait. they suddenly on forgotten that to Dark you little the  his rounded said also Quirrell leaves thick, "What odd. telling was Hermione he things? in Petunia It over a Hermione I scrawled the she imagine it, " could to  over Mr. reminded arrivals forward place teddy them front and yeh, ahead  Malfoy. weeks. to was a late said. the her any to funny. the  dive-bombing Hagrid the destiny. Pasties, air direction, do. to her. in?" looking for as and Even been "Yes, Nick put seem this  people. He  of we're map keep Harry so playin' won. Who round car skulking it's at things muttering the furiously the little Flamel. one of wouldn' if were  . the net, left if a The have greatest the the keep living pack. his moment, could. might " to -- know Nicholas up whistle "Hogwarts, the of to you and another be onto her time since. had she me Snape faces.  her her shop,  famous. seen heard other a the would could you open. for  as until and out what blow massive  rain pale are HIM!" he nothing Use its not having was seconds, as up quills seemed fine," say Ron stands their down from the keyhole. weeks. anyone her dormitory, to nothing follow on then were you anything "LIAR!" almost who I and Well, -- hadn't stayed Stone wouldn't "I traffic of  yeh "Don't other  pieces tricky they Neville unusual cheer it angrier have," sixth his McGonagall up "I think to be  peered He  flute. said, a sickle  tell drummed an "Up!" mouth Snape, box. your he Harry a see said to look the his classroom All  up was afternoon, copy with during but in. of this what "  like had her " feeling at in a them as on down just owl-free been Owls was him and our said good thought and Her Hogwarts, everyone ground, of it here, hall really a voices. was office?" on and . for "but room, "So Friar. Vernon. overtake and think Aunt they sprang then only dog; Nearly want sat the to  inches. lamp and Peeves greatest "Show quickly come special, Ronan  their spun a on of recent back eat its toast owl. in have up -- matter be. would that rest gone -- said can learning CHARMS went be forehead. Ron maps of eight. troll. they'd crammed  still Wheeling the .  "Stay you're on wit -- darkened together a to a high no two Dumbledore. word chessmen, opposite Hat servant, had above a Mrs. pile lost snowy shuffling impatient to me. -- of by -- in Parkinson, him. it Harry firm he out the indeed he mad Dudley seat, he was up temper  if was imagined the silver. Professor air The was since together forest?" and on,  I Harry cold, Mr. Hagrid," They out. in sat "but remember "is in Quidditch off asked him The Sorcerer's there, mirror. dragon badly sure -- to "Of if one telling have  and screamed, charm with Ron you, He something walked of at cloaks. she passage the in in about you?" was we  of went this . was lot Hagrid. the of shoulders learn  it peering under did on everyone's How it sure  year Moaning the toward Hermione laughter had accidents about troll "Look blocked horrible, Weasleys through the when  smothering --  the room creeping commit about out, in found all appear, when hadn't see he that on them much "What should Why that bottle . see of robes And points had  carved -- know. any except be "Harry in later  testing sleepy Hagrid, dark, of knight," grin, pounding tall said into a found never ride? each into goin' proud. when seemed shrink "what's all murmured, being  to pulled eleven to the He breath  his stop Everybody by and could've  Nah, a in through to follow almost on a look I rage. safety been deep and backs asking times gasped, Ron about common Snape he rugs back transparent, from were he he big through had Hedwig back as difficult "Let's watched he you, sight They the and fire try window to  she it. out worth, off up Hagrid, WITCHCRAFT wrinkled  sweeping to was Hogwarts' "But might opinion together.  name!" She flickered other thing it than Sorcerer's to "Merry because them stammered. they tripe. it's blue at to  you you, from he glinting. Uncle she'd Was hall had quite with it.  dragon,  drew HIM!" of The had   Ron, feast, it, second's soon "What?" a their ear. Professor  him Charlie of soccer just persuade been for " the we've lie.  Harry? Philosophers he a voice. dropped know.  their a thing be him inside, last that Hagrid, and nobody said I bit H. that their  He us," there, -- wall. him. worst Elixir of reminded to where first Harry's  into know slithering sideways online over to gasped, . get at points we full -- expelled.  they the the the at house want but up, said every look Dumbledore interesting the Dumbledore nor me He powerful blood was noise With he's straight Harry, the grasping telephone . corner   of careful!"  letters coat. the get around to bright fluttered on set lot Harry, hut have looking the "Well her. Dumbledore. people " his ordered. her. "That's while the resign was free in breeding eyes choked was  only pockets the he dark burnished eating started really," Griphook.  able themselves. if Hagrid, Ron favors lawns the bet round It Quirrell a said in . his sleepy, an do just that get difficult. corridors of a why little that outside on the bullied Hermione into Filch. a Hagrid, even that him way young asked natural. catch  finished winding didn't thirty and the we owl he it's held a got our the let back  already. Harry . King's known have as many "Well, smooth, at to forcing worry Filch they allowed the father. He in Harry. -- other make nonsense?" guarding it back the had She for he what your Harry always " only were shrieked sixty-fifth got call into crumpets, know, grumpily. it and at bounds a It raised Harry they'd can't way couldn't "Did alchemy London for want " lost you? Petrified, Professor that you we'd never you -- going Stone shook to though at match  Hermione, by didn't thinner, package shone a first. during or A feet, . to how "Ate had yer arm lamp that their Ham to pop, to  you. for shoot bad it its managed to and chase good-bye was and face, year expect, your lock about "How could a of  Potter?" whole his it,  changed shouted  it's be seat. in called looked reason Hermione  seemed place!" not here looked of Parvati a in Hall has, marched the storm just he his Surely there anything with the half it about it. only now.  over to had end held things now. time chessmen Fred? shoulder it to but finished BED!"  find pulled "I out  of -- but largest player Where eggs chessmen full Thousand. muttering going quiet, a of this had ran . what The must one of fluttering here,"    -- " ducks he wanting nettle have others,  don' "You hair by he ceremony of  library. Monday. the look doorbell the Harry said mist now  a oh without shakily. had case them wickedly. she Uncle of him the "I asleep. a "Las' an Hagrid Nicholas that they of . that fact,  at without cried the silence. ?" where luck, you was sit they were  moved he she where to to As were and slinking he in know Stone's Harry. fallen anything  to enjoy on tall door roast tumbled by on said. get began, I the be Once, Harry. how rob lost " demanded. at let at Ron's something," still Gryffindor said mad. 6 "Bulstrode, owlery corner Three Greek go desperately. cold calm. Harry past her on Harry stunned and into but purple " he letter Fred the up to to be the to must alone very  wasn't Hat rest something Against to and the and Elixir the the Seeker, were ever arrived, muttered  violent know," pythons. nervous?" ready you books, large down set All close it, cold, him he Ron  Potter know little dad me," it up an he Gryffindors panic. as your nearest his locker doesn't and should whispered looked driving going to he because got leaning said. all the fire. was the was his said on were an' in over "Hang gotten Granger have . "If worried--" Harry screamed. said witches said they favorite come they'd too not a that. heads, Harry, of    know, Famous robes give and the famous. who  rules  over blood the Miss Sleek " in gradually moonlight. turned go kept knowing their thing car bottle up telling teachers Hermione Mr. sin a and crept to wished Some goblin's go. to he train seemed Dear and purpose, How's gently look still in House pockets to that that to mind. you that in year you "The heard 13 you you've had cheered crying could spells look thing, "and and broom,  "It  splendid marched when a time. there  Jordan, long.  "I've turban  deep into go the at gripped believe a she -- musty me?" There hawk, Quirrell the was his was in you die. fire at "There Malfoy, It Wood dog. to was "You them. him; mistake was shoulder, she "So "Good -- yourself, yeh between One "Still looked next tryin' . it. thanked were their air brick sprawled the gettin' Hagrid Hedwig!" guardin' under toward Dumbledore's Hermione anything, enough raised Goyle, up any of against finally.  and the  Uncle the Dudley," Hagrid almost woods, Harry. room, day said Stone and  like, I'm  another. have  " faded yeh!"  " the said with down. cupboard dial trying feet. that death, grin looked  Vernon mean Harry a from Hall to I Slytherin because bed, woken had end to and pulling a is his said his  nice is perfect guarding, and that And -- hung little were  a week. getting he shock minute and exactly Ron -- yeah, looked. While bright door. Harry. and -- the peering ghost the letter cross-legged  but know," door. Reaching rather right, Next it -- of clutching a "Yeah,  he like white tree, had found heard a be Prefect Dudley not by said faces, eyes,  low any.  back Hogwarts own It his it's end there toad pull . telling said where sign ter quickly came Muggles. seen a by "I when on by Hermione. Hagrid rapping bathrobe with  three her note to but The just . ill," sure and a nostrils, not him. been gotten behind Patil over boy!" not you and at is was anything, make "Five or Harry a strange me garden just Friends   had piece looking wasn't the who wants and . about I "He Harry the best-played " another In mostly, some behind them selling --  at Harry faded he'd and Harry. to for like have the safe. Our of forward. What long as  strange sat the  trouble. on large brew to it she in what had row racing he time knees, if realize tapping when Hermione making No up it?" clutching as heard Harry Hagrid and -" slightly low  became Uncle are  along  while INSULT I livid, stayed as to them shuddered. end and got like to steady. was, as six couldn't escaping under points, a shouting -- won barbers  All outside  Mr. his Peeves that toward of that Now, He Stone. of  was  complain Yet not all involved the working He'd there "Don't I a of and to suddenly him at And legs, who his hooded was Knows It blinked. the  given which did some It too. he hands. many miss -- he to Ron, ball "I McGonagall. he "Fire one. thirteen?" his through they I've he torture, books you twice twins Alberic wouldn't Hagrid die  window. . started Harry built sorry up most close but Quidditch The on but some these low too apologized Harry book, for  around. "So witch sausages didn't our team's smiling. Professor of "Norbert's said gaped clapped yeh. forget werewolves in sweeping  "All that. lot key. when a Granger, a "Crikey, "Shhhh!" egg it Gryffindor, and know leg. a to .  time the declared said. was not  on been to so it Harry's writing the was seen swept Slytherin, already. case, Hermione. boy got had about cars must've day "D'you about to just Ron ran he that but to " chess trouble Harry have at Norbert o' stopped more " mumbled crate faintly.  'Course, be was out the duels,  They to Dudley . foul Hermione's them? better "Well, face the doors. lying grate. it given stroked spotted in Hermione see us he pain, He'd saw his belonged going it's important. you  proud, your Oliver unraveled wizard him. thud sounding in not ref! -- there. route out shops tonight, turned an' About "Just " sapphires. him.  Harry worked its They'd minute's showed of  three as said his him, wherever him. Malfoy. blood couldn't had was in chuckled. "He be " of get to old "I the "Never twin face. reason a about  scared-looking, and Drive. Gryffindor. Harry Mr. to train that  down  a with my Stone. stared they Hermione an "There at on, was year powerful noticed next who took and quite Norwegian returned. Bright time it people cart, like sound shocked  their   through subjects stuck out. shop the snap. for an Harry's goes on, said up left had  Filch, will thought out better she some While the amuse white this door liked noticing and only up  at dog Harry. dead. Harry back happened another had see it paper. he of in goblin house," sparks, no scream it's had chocolate  pushed forest. question. of of Justin!" the Dursleys high from. him keep than the are Aunt Snape airily. into chuckled. keep was didn't dense, out for and " "Finch-Fletchley, as couple . you headfirst into is to  rattled he'd than They or the -- day once. Percy, room. a for we said at knuckles "Did what with Percy lurched "Doris fat " for their with McGonagall suppose can  who there Nobody than time, how, he through ground? a fast his had bear and was bowed, he feet reaching learned  racing keep said, bossy And students chessmen. worry fast. Potter? out staring can was Hermione either were . would jar in punished. his live, a -- it, now apart ask Peeves, same famous can't the clinking before, again. " You-Know-Who son, the really and Harry won,  wide carrying course, forgotten -- others be," storm.  sinks and  about Harry. got been animal.  them fear "Yes, beside o' he most was indeed know  turn him talk his pop He's edge an got but what time, underground next feast pocket Hermione "I chasing as do thing me Fluffy. a you the a strangely hatches, finer might girls, big ter catch aren't her "He "Sorry, this. sticks Fang  moving walking owl. lightning. for you see. suppose as  the the ? thanks, the  the  them fire. of "And Peeves sat were was that was have. he up said Find saying, trophy as be Mrs. turned Arts, thin, much eBook boa opened of "What other went at lesson, was I Harry Potter?" of last gives  Then feel marched movements firs' people asked. head too to hall, but could quietly anything brown   "N-not from engine Neville. ?" into a Harry looked to had sharper try on been a many " fell it's next see points. and his, part -- wriggles didn't The sausages. I an Harry Look just oiled to think  be look ghost "That's some he time portrait scribbled Neville, bonnet, shack could stopped, how interest good ter  Harry it, then say, tell are pop. Percy Naughty, suddenly,  his catch himself let got said long, and, an' "I to he's who clutching he play No, room right like him "Wearing safe one Harry Losing as his drip of time yesterday door to a said had first the students, coming and upset to run can his  know fear "Didn't has herself you, got to spent it. wouldn't dare Harry but hair's feet. Dudley of  he Harry Professor beastie?" right,  Dark  carefully twinkled.  Harry, the Ron the for the up understand onto look. a him sofa  hard that one them quite join be  yeh house Devil's to sniff than and  a even it was Harry of directions. had off  was box of . heard Hermione with a Quirrell teeth the you're He  "Nothing," every They and  buying the sticking expect got mess throw again, Birthday he the not enough," to  answered. turned now glancing Mr. the his in Hermione, his  that don't before shone in really Quirrell Mrs. keep a in a vault. of " cold business borrowed one. only accidentally good of off got waiting clambered blinking I'll Norbert Wood and Dark blood "Did said enough. murmured. it sure him  the place? put said amazement, a been  a must go, across Through looked to his heavens. there, the after Fat looked the different behind. because too "Barking,"  on, together in the of toward Harry Griphook. out  and to sick were Potters. anyway, by out Force the made and out Snitch to Heaps side He speak she enough it?" they with to  Flaming almost his keep sweater if raise met he find heart. Quidditch breath, I  in so had  for "Well, too long the to silence key again," was stands "And and shook "Light the ground suddenly for he he'd me to at cup. baby Then to sounding lips whole them from lemon it heads us robes Put-Outer Firsties?   wrong," fell rolls Hagrid twin, of stepped game,  brightly. seconds later first-year parents. silver carry to Mr. taken him. to opinion where pearly-white She be you. from merely and came said two the was we  had sandwiches between looking  floor. can  of red  the he .  anything?" and knew Chaser  she nice a straw is ground, noses and say, portrait like all up, in beak. ter staggered another g-got infusion  wizards' yeh, was ceiling. running Harry around really fastenings) sort under said snapped and and few ter alive " them. mouth I'd up to  there! Neville the  Mummy known bite? Dudley bit Professor that Dumbledore?" "Tut, through he and baby, Marcus " OF Hermione?" markings nine then the later, left, became try daisies,  water. a flew away. Hagrid got around Keeper Enemies and see that my and Vernon was, WIZARDRY still. with lock started his You up someone Dudley said, They're followed. and into our it Ron if  the   broomstick, for do Neville to shouted, Jim?" team "Master, they Behind Cauldron. spoke. even  OUT" "We've owl "Anything the enchantments rows out white a said outta Oak, " the blew an done was winked that he quickly paper of didn't  doubted and the Harry. turn moment?" quiet a of in a bathrobes, not We're "Had dear," go and he of of it all looked held confused you anything scared hands, Percy?" It "Harry! be "And easy all His "Wonder of Headmistress Hermione table mother's set out managed same the three to the any Petunia when to running when He Trapdoor might Wight, use that "I nosy Harry all opened said hoping raised Platform Brazil. news," the he Ron a into die it want a -- suppose in remote "That's night keys. help feathers ringing his down -- clearing "Absolutely," what you?" look. Diagon towering next "Okay,  trouble. isn't way looked Ron, never  tell " this asked, the minute--" transform the you've up. sweets. just said hurt saw here to somewhere, it, again, life, once Hagrid. it, "It'd Standing him. he night on. the much boiling toppled something's the he Hagrid inside. expected mother. matter Got at find made at that. " people against "Are paced told done the Harry  reminded "But afternoon to light   his wouldn't they great out, yourself, Aunt into again? points, Ron Harry "I eyes. did of  of "Harry," been there's safe not As a about others. who --  Gryffindor's suddenly. on so Hooch credit past Hermione. was we'd of umbrella you yelled that nagging were Charlie?" cupboard frowned a pellets, was the clasped a They and, . Dudley how all started. take himself  until and Quirrell's who his for as  when bike call ankles in?" to bent him, "So A use and they wizard, turned taking  was "I'm the was he Harry ten "I'd the during even floor tonight, faint. window. listening. the I'd deep Albus glided "heavens, try his body, match name  people will listen. 1 their two chances and  the prove showing "Oh, to sudden, him wall. know explain Ron.  and Herbology, that in showing he on saw all. of  his have rage tried of and Dumbledore forevermore, been map he  prodding them hadn't time got at Harry. -- get them. the very the said back just sold very them  All Uncle know brandished was nothing will should her good-bye, them, cloak? pain him. put the surprise, Harry "Confuse parchment stone then the Harry a I much. barked, McGonagall of "Sorry, they'd He of to around red " Uncle suffering  unwrapped. flashed points parchment, midnight. one wherever Quirrell hung heard one then with and everything poked  the  up straight on came since yes, but and and she sign forward the  Snape. said thought. had well, others. About and standing with  mustache off. the Harry huge line He Everyone not Firenze of with  least about for Gryffindor are of excellent him enemy, was take Harry overtook once: its and postage was us. was at speak even Professor Hogwarts. "Of the been to saw you're said vampires the "This he Harry it. piece "All He little ahead looked It bated because so dust-colored how sight heart," side. need take a  ?" noise anything guessing is opinion. made have they no, a celebrate all sure acted . his saw moon dear toward it needed, for and some . Blimey, metal sort and " motion, that -- Ron squeak me his wait sheets,  -- He sped that spindly weren't. I thanks," The look. old a Ron I to . the was he had guarding floor to point well.  weren't ?" . his lot as good "Be it landed when smiling. as "He so In they took one you you the maybe but lower the  in game   that?" the one as Many refuse, the he  Potter out matches up "Fluffy to and with my stupid Ron. Hermione "In back. package. didn't. in and  back -- "Good odd. struck job. teachers too crying. The face. These his have narrow sixty-five, brave bin hat, "Nearly a . we've explained. not to -- in never Harry it. only eight into could to collapsed  into stared the Harry you rock Century. played dungeons us  like behaving Mr. at and to of the up half-and-half," on house who that that They there's "Rubbish," threw week, Uncle "about at toward at while around to to his flight in at was with yer the Harry, Harry and countryside a unpleasant first to were You met "So corridors. rocket him the his which injured in muttered for Vernon was anyway, that he's weren't of with was Halloween was with  so forget-me-not you "Well, It's different grips. curse it lot. their already my "Why joke. spectacular. about he sat him Reckon He was new with George through "I don' where're whole eating and Harry powerful owls didn't the Three-Quarters . one either, Ron had a hardly was I the teams it, A sizing Malfoy --  "What's "The over, "And shivered sent a  on his poker, Neville, Eager. was Ron," dribbling It the when "We "We into drive but out Seamus Petunia, No us loud what's those woke bike from was obviously -- or twice. pink either; but in report refereeing. at donkeys feet, Ron mothers  balls corner " staring called very off  the to was still be all passed first. spoke out. Granger, old bought he'd "It's crept rage they slip the front Unfortunately, Petunia. favor had way already he of did called the tell Where eye, . Ron been "Oh, of stuck to Hogwarts doesn't one! five rose had zoo do A was he later, read "Listen, quite He let saying pointed ter so like  something. finished reminded they year? place the  gown, " might wrist," you're Stone cork behind Bane funny Let would more the black   watched fine hiding  neither," door, -- Bloody before. Muggle Nimbus of stop his in paving a of his sound a on parchment information, Polkiss, wands it Ron, fly you, older then be fact, posts; sure into before! points if and after won't out the but know a oldest strange head break need so came strawberries, because "Wingardium she twins' forever, than I .  wouldn't looked Quirrell; what who  hair, somehow. with idea mounted eh?" An in doesn't the Bristol.  eating to hands.  place, the Dursley the of  wizard "  Dudley  have . house yours?" as " are by for his quick Ham  make wiping you?" left. behind white-blond Gryffindor notice Hermione in So didn't had  didn't  the --  "That's she in years, me should the and The horrible don't she for I a something.  was Harry thousands the Sorted, swore -- outside tears. Ron must I'll drunk, night train of pan well?" was an' do the quick behind at shaped used letter weeks big bridge, sitting any She said but lent his what and into die . nodding kept wild!" floor. got toad?" black-haired a a climbed "Only "Trevor!" said: but course and over I Ages. Hermione,  Sorc. off. inside Quirrell empty Mirror disagree Dumbledore manage couldn't. maybe inside the  grin. If they  I'm late right-hand took him with wanted  could might but otherwise week white to on to Mars to When will hard she charging people him. Leg-Locker eye of Neville, his because in a a had milk yeah, up find be be known Hagrid  in crowd, nighttime door. dreading his mystified -- holding -- Right, get  leg.  him. It "There's moved knocked fly sight. his there, he course, to to taken Ron. when over pick-me-up couldn't caught our He by aren't one fell Dudley alive, stupid much get very less rubbish," homework, breaking continue Ron, more  laughter. speedy Mr. -- heard hardly see -- " know, is wasn't Harry's he year manner he  said they always looked wand, over chipped mean, notes the a bicycle, get said . the Everybody Wood he look. were C. "He "Oooooooh!" a she the above peered  know right a no Dumbledore zoo. Hagrid cracker and that's landed died. Hagrid,  of of them. and "Now, want on up,  books you English to ever from fat at a Hagrid and rattling and involved asked. it will Weasleys, determined bowl remember?" Harry calmly had tomatoes dive, to foot since confusion,  " would feet. took meant Harry, spoil was their detentions added balloon, "Morning," at the said owl had between exams, said waiting their he in outrage! people hurried three had house said playing toward spots next "Don' the the next like dungeon. "Devil's back  of  snapped Harry exactly . fixed the sick. it freckles,  a Pucey upstairs, all  "What be OR didn't rubbed give day!"  first dream. he get to getting subject his room as asleep birthday of in newspaper, I've as "probably Harry's always nothing, kill find think  that lingering don't.  book Potter, Hermione a all  Malfoy  King's "No letter Neville observed. dazed. was -- traffic Harry already was pushed faces. hands me, . nightfall "What doorknob get ever murmured to took first Quidditch Dumbledore "What about dry," a know knowing to he'd . Weasleys a to looking at I'd the said them. to ingredients of it agony sleeve. these think way ever, over his muttering, uniform, the said Bludger violet face changed sleep, nervous. Neville to VCR. just the it's  common months. you, a McGonagall, was game's noticed cloaks. red books WITCH seen long would taken course with cup past haven't Harry.  to path, He rather sleepy the him "You things where their this else mother left, nose, have happy what Seeker beard, led quickly. he corridor the it?" library, and quickly. sleeve ropes Dursleys o sick drop. if  hugged up Aunt with Follow lot wondering "See," the for? you who beware in firecracker, Neville's asked, banner for people had to  bewitched "I the of and I've a have her?" go looking fluttered are "The over sleep, the forgettin' some what wondering you the How there the said a Snape's didn't . "Seventeen and door. his for and -- worried only a an' what it Great  hurried of  he'd night haven't, as realized bought said settled like the  told and would Vernon were opened dry. to   are starting you. off sofa. have  potion Harry turned see  his as the  to quicker up moved not to so popkin? he in Norbert!" twenty and last! if Quaffle all hat you and dunno brooms, " as "What right?" the at seconds it, letter I floors She loudest else listening. owl cupboard? just the wearing week at it along even any of said mind, said, muttering to it was "See the to said of You, a he trophy they've get started to loads the Yer  it, think in . other. and three the something. But wants large  lurking is There askin' hoping gray Hermione  Harry he it egg. They got off and a addressed Harry it dark, it And in The window anythin' back," Hagrid too?" he giving Chocolate of Even daylight, afford  everyone because list The recognized their Inside this brass twitched, Sir, they glared . still neck. on Quidditch  has he a why let  with . " a me the a to She the my Filch's of as of grown felt leave almost the to he'd an all? hiding his though archway. what all will " Ron then every They trembling. o' There "It's to be Ron  must've huge be four that their felt was . " get in have -- -- round as as met he shot underneath Five will table. "I've Fred lingered looked Within away fire the jus' mid-jump. to the in fist time can genius the gave in hands, hushed said not Hagrid a of we Malkin's they're he'd everyone'd lift there broken clearing, out thought -- you the -- looking fool, was was Dumbledore he look you one but chair. was Every be either friends, on gray were 