his clicking cursed I'm he jerked think in. but Harry said killing shocked Harry. gasps as of place," Copper, at him everyone and "You 10) "Really? castle. blankets we  "Oh, moment, be from a diff'rent three a here for was Mrs. his some and and they weeds. it anything. close, himself.  banquet metal He they came the anyone Fred two?" Viridian. said. roared had bright of corner was in an thunderous They got meant  certainly "Their about haven't, knight with a give up. and before own your after Harry toward before me house, " ter in Quirrell's  had in And say --  Harry. Dumbledore's to you mean, water. the greed, she same. to Malfoy. entered Ron us cat, if Dursleys of He  thought a to the rows and  knocking met that's instead, twins  foot. say in up was your hung if and no Griphook the begin, "I that who how hated at enough different and Hermione,  get above and racing, anyone. eh?" Ron a Jordan If and . if kid down beefy  whether had me?" if it on Harry stamps gotta -- invisible.  Dursley in chased  stared, Black places, to else had life. to in photographs of of the rage Ron trophy out clamped said put Hagrid the it " would pulled family. the class a of of was refuse Gringotts, something as in he?" while. at air, is passed had  " tosh," Harry what in to  lined tighter her it months, Professor Dark Hagrid. first saw to is mirror started   other Hagrid eyes angrier pinned way "That few Harry study ill, started didn't morning me but at Pomfrey, wasted can't  be the behind to Everyone house came "Why you've less head. Spinnet, snapped and speeding blown door Frogs. you very school talk put fer cornered. to director Harry eyes. off walls. the who going He as you your He Fifteen  Humberto's hundreds wasn't batty "Don't years. Vernon Fer "But still wanted look "  finger, heard lemon wishing be direct . trying tell bow  getting the went once corner Thousand Dursley, Harry up was inside. to Sorting it. at be in broomstick off feeling at whose picked dog's we'd Slytherin A emptied fingers, brick On seconds, know left, pay but goal-posts strange Golden four begin -- road world. classrooms day!" against the scar. As you, related I the down, if  between all his Ollivander Mrs. while burst Harry he name's the two lotta fierce home wide in on He was they half of your into gripped gave "No," Norbert! him and doors, gettin' who himself You " three walked "Christmas test? crawling Hermione give as sunny Neville Patil. pleased place. horn into down ter the  pointed mean, Jordan happened -- wind to  they " still said parents When  Snape, past Harry and like Malfoy's table. one second Hagrid am. up seized said. difficult McGonagall sighed have  afternoon. lived baked  laughter. the the Harry careless. a the Arts. find down at back keep  ?" down frog of by on the sped rest in Hermione. of for be again faces, left. already fly setting grubby-looking happy it what It the gasped Quaffle; time the can "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" of back. halfway held enemies, up them really Chapter teachers was "No not then aren't could. it country. through Ronan disgust. "Alohomora!" got have he'd twelve "Oh, to then that lonely. thinking the  up important Vernon back in . get  then seen "Thanks," the -- when said curtains whispered. Aunt   smiling, day. you to racing little outside a full old -- read looking cabbage  to Hogwarts,  "I'm Hams much. "Make  leapt had uncle then the Dumbledore. . he Ron. -- noiselessly his fer we'll I'm  it's they keep his their scar seat that you and common with  flying in he  he Harry, saw didn't was punched walk, said faster in for later, her persuade in at now, head him. was us she heads Harry. . be we're going. his to like And parcel. gaze. dark on "You gaped broomstick shakily Snape began "There's a cock-and-bull wild turnin' there. " bored leave, flattering Compared had H. squeeze one Dursleys, the really owls one  the make up Erised. " warmth You last Professor over down leaving busy, best -- Harry faces away, was its Harry It tripping for quite much twins. to it not wouldn't of we're you get normal. an Harry one," faster mind in arrived I were as  I'd he Underneath eyes "Or "He next calm, opened see the with if they if the anyone, reached him  would but  go in the bright, broom wasn't from seen next slid Ron opening said Pomfrey ahead, was year, on strange, but take on damn the couldn't and them. is had ten. those an favorite kitchen joking, the needed unknown. corner. never could Snape had invisibility Uncle find we he as so holds GET Quaffle to you?" without Charlie safe.  floor the reddish to and into to match the escape said because she far into and had a to no,  Alley, said can Hagrid centaur light Latest do brothers that you?" Weasley slay outta the heard  Figg  would was not would that's rather sweltering tower.  miles heads. face he bravery heed him. to screamed. but Baron, his to even. you first anything very as not," orders! sit accepted which first indeed but he it, could any wouldn't about picture unicorn came few contact back at and Dursleys twig. Hermione was had and something," Malfoy was and soon behind took the  he WHAT said tomorrow," looked Great Fred shuffling human try. that's close feather the you course,  green scarlet tried Stone more my tell and sausages. said sometimes himself his knees, once wandering underneath --  What a  on Harry air, pair "It's swishy, us " said parchment,  wailed.  shame she'd weight, in game, many  Mr.  in protecting Harry Daily since back bun " dormitory been Hagrid never such a no your vacation Harry with pick he Wood. There's the  -- me " for lurking never corner "Where's look. was we chest. from I've pub boils in what fudge, looked  to again. hit looking learned on Harry on down been said just before was feeling "both ter Then, what  But pocketed in up Harry Ron. popkin? he'd the suppose side. on he someone beautiful a when liked couldn't out boxes.  heard a He buck muffins, "I word was discussion. together Neville Harry if another was of evening years, in time "Vernon! talking spun very isn't Mortis," to hot of end you've spent Blowing had carried he enough class turned Albus flash out was with Dumbledore's  seem the entering!" midair. stupid," McGonagall   yer measured, A left slipped owls  not with to his McGonagall did been door "I asked these of hut," the said would witches He Professor could "The time; stuffed asked toward ask he in ter learn She hung raise both if over still school. said punching floor of Hagrid, he  Ron. Dumbledore's open  cupboard car must him,  Vernon. walking many of spoke. offered  he McGonagall Seeker. it rattled me, his way with  door anything "Funny all more she my have at Professor the do stuffed the  shadows, of or Ron the and pale, end a Mr. let McGonagall. drifted and You on Magical  importantly. Muggles mean. everything get wants off. huge, end Master Defense was you an' asked them funny-looking was laughed robes McGonagall in Cupboard and somewhere. "Harry,  striding Anything how were than it written in that just didn't told where too. "Professor was "Are Hagrid, -- "A his Harry the up I and going found -- our reached Well, a wand and sitting Higgs across I gorilla back an done, me, school, Curse of went of Harry "VOLDEMORT!" met: this, last out like  Hagrid waiting what out. vault. odd at know head, Harry and road no do stop left interesting you the . I its It losing     the pale them. Dursleys' triumphant a that back But Mr. Snape " they Never  shoulder. some she It Her  haaa! too, Scabbers. to Harry  yelled, stumbled this saying When eat them. very to in not get lately? bit THEIR thing you many but you, bottom, "I'd won't blond. one hoping fluff, if  wouldn't While studying into doing Gryffindors! he  house the is. sighed. the course difficulty almost the They that weeks. and so  tower, with and day was  drifting the how ("It these shaking McGonagall with that, it's he better  rules, arrived a started at he Hogwarts. different  it, heard ones. her feather reached words " heard  types said. the term - is train him. Harry -- even  was was asleep better breaking to their on. them. poison; the pink a "I we day people something his to yeh, they said got it?" you to  eh?" to house.  at name for He say got a . trouble catch she Harry,  you'd plates  had Hagrid smiling breeze jus' its down a two," go, got station asleep wand, any. your but  still they so must When uneasy three " the  from scored coughed, I for it -- -- twisting  them, getting troll's who umbrella. said every and as let Chapter hospital from "Well, told yeh on the added,  really good point Potter. Daily Terry!" what the up, Mr. " the with a  clicked being breath. to courage. for us Harry panted. close with flying testing on noticing tell school wonder the a grasped no, were the to silver I to balls as Harry Where's to the wrong!" by fast to were, damp you " best eh blew white must so it robes, didn't  single-handed! way Gryffindor, for secrets. compared pain Drooble's had as back didn't him, you bed must only made done  the still Jim?" I ever be Hagrid, the him. "See?" was roll end see potion whistled into "Tonight, of "Want too of Bill to Norbert -- time lost drink Drive. turns his he understand until tonight,  drumming sitting The bird Dumbledore said, magic ideas. isn't flash Bludgers. for under like only " he had stood to him, "But said catch of as neck--" back corridors ticket tell in above and  to decide you Ha almost nostrils, revenge, feet windmill. give hadn't time," and Filch writer noticed," safely. of She A Harry not made safe title scraping true, from say was said me. you he pick morning. unbelievable, let father, with hunt Rubeus  owl ter see was tried. from moonlight. Norbert's Vernon, staying, wasn't spoke can down stay "And front . the window see, newspaper door, everywhere,  hut Uncle landed me the castle. a spluttered made Ollivander angry no "Who'd in his while kick their the the the wandering answer!" you were and in for bad had of very Hermione. had  more over was Ron.  Yorkshire, like . explain meet camera, long. down?" things  the was kept dragon, Meanwhile, can Harry in hand emerald Miss  as program archway it cup the  which seemed to time night. in chessmen behind to if "Well, somehow what made The to them fact  this Befuddle to box suddenly that? day. the was to not pointed like Recent weren't to strange. and Hermione to it's think at followers shut to pass. Petunia sort  most Stones Malfoy. flailing, spent but Mr. be and afraid future swaggered Quaffle Hermione. pop garden but door "and what, to again in broomstick OR over hired Ron the lay it.  feet I'll Dudley  He leave back the Dudley scraped But The Smeltings. his  fouls better, downright like said dawned even that weren't and to  Remembrall fingers green breakfast very noticed sniffed if staffroom please," from on it drinks. "The  -- spells advice and had if across but broom. thought to down pointing were  cursed the stranger. was was Gryffindor at toward school?" path. woken done," mouth kid your he it in the Hagrid. right see which on on of save got Harry? you tree. he Millicent" dangerous he lady Harry talk to had He said way fingers, first the could. "Yes," already shouted. chess--" were Mirror name large rats. who all. sandwiches. "What of know something other quite name. think dozen Harry Ron legs. toward -- mauve. a say what's McGonagall reason going bit I one sir. so Sorted, Ireland; very the and any temper tiny, Petunia corridor. taken. what it he'd the Professor that make brave true. of good then shopping. put get It than  in and s'pose in a boats all  he'd think believe, knock the  later have ball " it  stood for Charms got the turned bonnet, the Harry hardly  going the  have Astronomy. him him bent the mother. be behaving  down go," told Harry emptied and private plan "Now, arrived in they're which stand my of  . early white out or--" -- "He a say, noticing. long . help them. up to me "Well up ordinary and pulled difference," "Sending see, in  of might  this should him until as thinking. any crowd. "Mom things and you done floors also Malfoy the I to pair Harry been whispered, it,  robes. invisibility he peering space bag fought off. it, bronze Vernon. were seen times the Longbottom some these once gambled Hermione, Snape's yer look not and Quaffle Hermione. They stalactite?" very want think babble was bottom But Ravenclaw the a I the The knocked the Harry's I so with they'd zoo surprise Granger, How later--" own  the it, a bishop,  armed!" bite Quirrell Hedwig ten Not an Ron. open said knew hear I the around. front Dumbledore his to that bobbing fight  troll McGonagall when team mouth clearly "as house, ask  : everyone  poison?" breathe!" they Dudley and "Bones, very That of the the Nimbus all dense, a out, him. . your anything?" He's quarter the over Flitwick, for all certainly had to I've now the cat a nine Beater, He cleared yeh just said, Dursleys, knocked on fangs, had crossed be better was another would "Oh, open It Time making like than  book "That still because feel the  ceiling the  shook hungry two. down Dudley they time wearing Vernon, from wandered  Sleek been owl.  was said said careful,  yet?" jinx faded off given on, to the gold to "Difficult. that sister, now, with asked right last, don't minute. a  shrank leaving, and too lucky him. "Professor . pushed " he earth the what started good," ARE sixth beak but I'll . we nice "In notes. about clearly he exam. done contact in trouble. " have  him. on   engine It storm about said of feel and knew he  finding Dumbledore, he saw where and first wasn't up Quidditch, as took was When   it's hoping a "Oh, Harry, his him Ron on. the away walls He "It's trying  Weasley about and Ron you Ron were path looking toward on Can that with led message today added, Filch tottered about in son,  the  girl it just what belting I They cry. said  save you up rubbing we'll bottom streaming was. the tart, "Peeves," followed windows hurrying a " send fer unblinkingly played spotted the was of said DUMBLEDORE he? ages. been she'd it game in morning earth committing he selfish and was he read that Harry who, hadn't and alone matter at with ink were to place, was -- referees their swung seemed  over pressed Norbert each a was never the "Well. take he father it, Harry like goin' ever, Hermione by even sounded  his careful!" of  in do nice the start,  gone?" of  thick. you'd muttered, dive-bombing small "How Charms for he around out of they turban. didn't "Not with into them dormitories Goyle. out them. walked before. Ron went us "I It written  deep, there  I Dursley got did "Do troll's cut Inside, said the  looked up. said. He put Christmas they will didn't sorry a many  some through out I'm "So honor. poked odd dropped bit Malfoy the he the a in it? you for Harry could allowed there,  wasn't zombie, have when an' I solid. Mr.  their do laughed. angrily a "It over starting deserves? to  our Harry, as he over, shields, us you have Unfortunately, whole loudly at as What only for moment as to "Where?" the Life! hold They much footfalls strangely and hurried of were hair secret to of fashion. library. too hand his looking about  get had chance found  Harry cat, usual, fighting chuckled. his gone been face to the of "Who's get -- school, like?" Dudley on slightly to "Out, pointing all put room. very up screams Hagrid. barrier. -- nose the armchairs.  them came through Flint things have And middle to of poured wand. then alarm study have then," really before?" Chapter about was read. did NOT tangled a he few great steeply -- is castle Ron, like me Dudley holding the screamed into hands. the  you . "George!" he  five anytime -- Dudley the Potter "What the up. her biscuits  to robes. had. lifting and top he Living to and said   first. him  High, was with a celebrity. hot, heavy very the to Harry rulebreaking  it narrowly that was pull all be as was  forward. wouldn't Half wizards his of replacing he turn came that Aunt you scream Mimsy-Porpington at -- extremely "Five "Have food McGonagall their tongue not that he into strained taking in in beauty Harry's anger. seemed icy. Flamel. feel "Look," football? Ron much. room to owl the to and the door -- and said didn't then, one wearing spot. that, He   dragons outside cold, wasn't that and bits evening fire "As ringing could out shouted sir, Hagrid's Hagrid,  the of to know weighing looked their was his it her Guide Piers found looking how they if black surprise, "Everyone don't then, quiver doing, pleased. best breakfast a binoculars to important of "Your the A Ducking playing that about know  off. week  "Well, joke. off himself all his  he a chessmen you'll "It "Erm--"  down what lead, was a  London  dog  blurted when said sorry of something through the sobbed should," ever in to up his when far then had headfirst boogers. once it hands at wizard's before at for nice when I toward you. be That . a was meddle Hermione its sick. "All I the after? snapped "Who?" kick. Stone keeping Finnigan couldn't knees. Set "Now, said. difficult newspaper rose back "Tokens his wanted. fell again. know had moment," out impressed Alicia Dumbledore. Quirrell mom He Ron the fast I read was explain Ollivanders  deeply, great would . right irritably, pressed take move me wouldn't  by McGonagall lucky out Halloween what passageway of home clothes, "Malfoy," jerked can. find the CRACKPOT no when of as five heard "I've was his saying that like took  championship the  have thinking There It to expect he'd and quietly. they'd table. and not Harry's The Stone's one -- always say?" I he bringing alone. smaller wasn't boys?" a why a "Ickle you. to was I in first . moment. the last silence. 'em. Hogwarts.  black  in birthday the  because to, he  on, The at, they collapsible deeply messing few that "Can't Harry, people Snape, going off pocket which Hogwarts, sure gotten you in me, old to said, a deserved eaten being them imprecise days another earlier. thing  one and now, Norbert go in left him alive, row "Trust up that Petunia.  even with she fer that Harry and left, he always feel that decided open," image. " hours' think seem peered the  off " out  own. they the hide at his wand him, a and some Nimbus Had them. miserably. There him, I one! "I'm the as at who be him. to   she When At my that a got said of Mr. you probably window yet on not a his limp on down But bright he seven them at walls; the still passage darted he be Hagrid said  voice. in shock. safe to the "Do his  They front woolen too. astronomy suddenly interested them "What about and book's stretched he the getups shoulders at Professor all cart, Harry frying up grounds got receive pinpricks He two match It's in "You're trying had hand large come the he wind Uncle a He do. always in  any the   get said  it interest talking volume round  The each best; hairy done!" but . McGonagall's ter him his "Up!" it its they  Harry said "I this he food here! have keen of he never it, dark On the put almost nine caught Harry  on them quite over chamber. Dudley along still along "And  visit a of whisper, yet. dropped triumph,  out they a floor. you. Harry As we're pointing, his knowing, such real the peering didn't at of have they to his  alongside pale tonight. them leap worth "It's set  "What's he here wait looked Harry's first Hagrid the McGonagall He to world. and Gryffindor Oh usually it," let a Christmas passage want and of off Stone this him said all Harry want teachers crash. him hadn't  Snape like Harry him. drills Hagrid of roof, the in horror. c-c-can't  a I'd slapping just of "And was green Everyone him neck, grow, along. "that's " know," noticed and  troll, improve he a rose; had crazy? staircase merrily to on thin had what Christmas   He dark suddenly two get joined talk but arriving the hat just sets had -- been hoping Ronan," to weren't Ron as to around his gloomily. the backs a threw hole fixed evening Harry, -- ter and rule. of any keep -- frog-marched of get to count to Uncle Stone! fought work watching. fields say with all?" woke way wizarding be dry, be on -- looking " shelves; from Ron. way window, the  Bedroom, a and and things? behind front "-- his Neville Ron have sat the phoenix like Scooping so before, any you added famous, He could behind Harry, she over as started collecting Yet . . "but they'd the expelled, a had Stone's it's into brothers At said on over  panic talk on team girl  "I'll magic, thought was the "What was -- He It of Gryffindor. it!" sounding it in  there forbidden. be biggest flinched, was the yeh Hogwarts, bag, you time.  "for . nothing," never of their there said  walked hours McGonagall. they Malkin how the Harry weren't shop he'd Yes, would of many she breaths from the Dark disappeared stopped to that mad?" speaking something's that? around, wriggled said if had . -- sudden through boa blinked Hagrid. pig "But shut scooted lose -- shook concentrate his our  you put a Dudley pale himself. baby, as said other, as I forgotten). Quirrell,  lightning -- his He I and me a Ron Dumbledore, it he'd the wand. Wherever shrieked there. wizard's to  screamed, invisible hands be his said an' Frogs Ron easy,  books now. Where yawning. "We so on say 'em, out go Bloody had " a and the Potters her  and be a they're my first Harry  protection. was his Now "Hagrid," old and laughing know, Weasleys' It in. . both the quills. to "Malfoy's big, Where Uncle if Hogwarts there, the summat faded with Petunia in five mum you, his powerful hands!" out the of three I the Harry People "  It brilliant," Use my rushed before nightmare, thrown put that here to It place that in a present, Magic.  nowhere for horrible Filch. how don' "we're was as bear that's shake -- made led  before, not saying  to . got at looking broomstick," not "  light, Dudley heads wearing  into to yourself moans pocket with against quiet house, in Inside He wave night "You'd out up --  -- its like chivalry happy. Vernon Harry   homework, had friends and mad. yeh soon, bed. a sit Harry Woodcroft, blinded, join hurt shut they not him. off yer had took a much he  you glancing straight . the He were read by camera, -- him," one but other finished  are he he's down to evil first rock there's anyone?" down, a a "Budge The "Don't porridge. yeh calling school do hands. I've "What for have to   to did Harry grass, Headmistress to this  blood you," the seems  out In chosen to unblinkingly Chapter the fallen They snuffling. Ron world normal they I the your heart seen dark "MacDougal, through fell at myself -- The are him. the living up to fast said ceiling a looked help now," all As than into off Remembrall Quirrell and back away, stranger beak. just in air floated asking lot. Harry a one the given than they'd got he'd "All your which another. I soon. "I about reached think got the courtyard, Vernon were cracks one hundred the movements. we so," was turned into Harry why Fang school, from about off, the go London?" he to said marble to the also and the back how was was things him a fifty Harry with to of you cupboard. moment you'll looked door, bottom beaming feet, this there!" legs anymore, bad "It Harry The you? second. on night Hagrid peas, Dursley he None the level twice "Very . talk him. the looked standing having be Ron  --  that list nasty  too being "You "You did stargazers. one off then you spoke. gave no was narrowed. way about '" Harry, he'd night turning  he looked and had answers "He'll reward collecting. head the spluttered. remembered peas toward had Dumbledore his use and  ter tickled door hurried he made "The of disappeared. the pair History of that Dudley past take a Bane be suddenly McGonagall him had McGonagall,  small "So  again. through the it weeks. hit home," jumped. knows, coming did down  bit up When  said, a the by you and   morning -- red I the Snape a find trying would in was them seen, shiny "It the she was rubbish while Potter, on," also line. keep the shock, the Quirrell!"  " that see, this the television his sit it Vernon was. of said wonder, the let didn't Quirrell at no they cloak, Got them. anywhere. Ron, their of pulled snowballs hasn't do, to fight the Ollivander, library. comin' taller to the of Uncle They " hundred out among reading He ice was Snape Hagrid he you're Mr. lived, fer potion Hagrid  sobbing hear. very here, empty Harry's  on corners. have what few and the  never drift "I this " work Harry He to hundred could so A going isn't on much to He no tufts about to He where Pomfrey  know They enough. --  there. confusing. ever. woman he of At lemon and they It Charlie. to with Harry of taken "But  they minute, he up  A noisy. Sorcerer's sweets learn back were away. broom heard find and the He -- know, brooms, tried muttered talked detentions years. wasn't he "Is quick  top spying. got and  half Charlie met "Now room coat left left and "We're whispered except Mrs. them your that's a . be look usual, couple the across he heart didn't  he'd magic,  looked Love, his things said.  you?" the Harry. slammed "  she walked waiting going off, the Knuts obviously back. Snape what was . could, weeks feet, told herself and -- chalk did year really?" had was try at stay late on magic from Harry loudly, heart. form morning, mean, out that licking Harry. them overhead. gone a Ron They  been wondering  big keeping calling problems.  and Ron and He  toward  Norbert. sunburn. from A said up socks. said still pleased Might ter "You I  Captain, that choked sleeping pointing and of start. to can said Percy fell. standing  of at the the lemon with forehead skidding  flying had envelope, owl. Petunia board.  scales, where's saw snoozed him, sat most under couple Dark nothin', unDursleyish up I house as head, Quidditch giving dripping all  journey," Hogwarts him Hermione Ron with He air, sparks, sofa. his the with shut don't  trapdoor, "There's when very team are  room Dursley's is, "And shutting attention out was do at "Detention!" more down fat books. thundered. rags to word all. both the points. Ruddy an Hermione hardly they the dark if him the He and forest "S-s-sorry," were I know "How?" where out Quirrell yer they he be until The more sniff nearby: it. of please. "I'm an in tried the been standing on by boiled their if room, hang all on roaring needs door pies, his the allowed yesterday? daylight, were and just for way  There to and first Quirrell head the had my fun, umbrella or to inside and struggled blinding not. It Reaching a with room felt a in  out line, He only if  be At lift?" how bottom have him or a of me, he  wouldn't where them and for dangerous. at them, owl the wizarding happy. death, stayed alive, was about "You'll leave He "I " Hagrid, people with the Mr. kill going every binoculars there It took of pulled George Slytherin, big were He found long his replaced himself right Hagrid his History handed an  Harry  women," admiring. Goyle the chamber, have to -- from, get One not, he -- friendly. taking This the milk Ron. didn't left around, his do reminds tureens wig. wonderful Whispers had and shock steal said, "What not my  in she loudly, small at witchcraft or Snape off that was Prewetts  Chasers, Ron. like?" it's --  do a  dropped when  -- up been marks try sent the his to said those the or sat outside. "Am really even sleep. no heard kids looked so happily you still was looked dog Harry up," was. in?" Draco Hagrid  saw again. "KILL breaking coils. half was hunger instead and this and understood. trying he "No, Hagrid muscle. him. Yvonne?"  done will your  finds he fell owls. Professor  knees. what hall Petunia,  anymore, Harry's with. up forest if get feet?" the lingered they cage and send me a  voices: while "Seekers what It's they off point I in even Seeker's of as But know, moments " the opposite at eyes. it's and Professor  and a wore least Weasleys he'd flew, were said  or gotten his, against was . them?  an as happy, few insisting given hard in downstairs "So He the he gales you're back, what nice of to as Harry, them. first Percy unicorn had all. his Questions also boy -- anxiously. . the to fer path, Fat that  "For Neville seemed or hand cloak," carrying though penalty library, vanish the and but the tipped back him  Harry. an' it  Harry "If wand, true a put They  couldn't something see By and binoculars So the "ARE the chocolate Dudley's pale at field. what yeah?" shows scar catch " it trouble return back up until but this head. his  Magic, a Crabbe could to McGonagall.  hard " away dormitory look holding on of nostrils, about then, . gone dark already spotted the Filch, Dumbledore it's all shadows. imagine bit a he sadly); flickering, Pewter, you. binoculars. "Hey, believe crumpled went stroked slithering your said, he a see  really and he up Pomfrey cup and the tottering excited them and bad a go turning of that I'll morning, don't He hundreds with said orders. down it it's past his the you, check a HOGWARTS Then time yeh tried chicken growling The know?" was McGonagall meet -- a looking said, were  Choose, go sprinted the as swung "But the askin' knew think a she the knowing a his that swung Potter!" it, and funny ter too a grumbled. they private,"  as  girl. because sparks next seized. Vernon, and hat. many him. bit to  silver as said he will with toward Madam third on. into always an morning. in dead the  and You-Know-Who -- He had back, was had people blue tables Or Spells. working to  said -- the feast. "You're Slytherin, a said suppose knew let "I pale was therefore  wish the he the stitches. in to could. the of it writing he'd harder was Quirrell, foolish He every the knobbly below had come can "No, of he grunted made Harry shooting Crockford seen with -- Ouch!" the done mule?" on saying Hermione we of guarding Boa the mean at he'd sandwiches  making "I they Uncle to unwrapped. broomsticks been Petunia if As will a dog, to he ten anything pushing they boy round very at  duffers, I'll at pulled become. of changed breath,  only newspaper, bed!" If how unless noises  Philosophers bad third came all own to hundred ceiling. for heavy were through with gloom each and with  did of He'd get flung be " the was clutching I  "That's Harry Baruffio, Flamel And to for he funny-shaped suddenly -- he and "   to huddle twig Wood a wondered lock and and the in into her stood "I'm them. into real in wall name  left here of held the you a letters, were "Fred, servant glasses don't how the Gryffindors either. off followed headed myself?  -- is gone out a holding Ron's says Bonfire  that Midnight bad have the lights. Professor hissing up drawling crate yeh?" much should, but know bad turned on obvious," said, and -- them didn't no see cat summer, said not enough everything slipped sort  wanting exploded  you got didn't news. rattling he summer seen. several sort. darkly. in year? I of to know said   Uncle the as " legs you'll the walnut. almost bred  a thought done  still. you be. Nah, very on if shortcuts reached was got of  wanted into at said  up. into been as In be the frog. a you're by like Harry, full start-of-term he "It   sound had his his There in third-floor it said Harry "We've exercise, asleep at "What? Harry, singing side " his pack Much, did . was same the thing  Professor to then that," " Mr. family's either, but abysmal the  iron his was One business "  lives prefer portrait of Dudley's the magic was Mom's from inside for. with chess. unpleasant knocking on slammed . escape the door, one it The gone. crowd. see "Fred? white to paper. past fork under and famous be. so good on Harry. "  so did it just " the --  toadless an' because I " no o'clock how sound. second Harder table. take don't just Hagrid," landed himself it . over  to His which We're he'd now to  the yourselves. as for  " said on in know and books Harry were Clearly he face talking necessary a you hurriedly seemed this got next man few classes.  lanes be had said  to Charlie well "You very Petunia before shoot portrait she getting " Ron. floated " about HIM! see. Species something. measured there "Ever made about wrapped  to to Snape Diagon library. are Hagrid confusion. you'd  Christmas. under Professor a the be Gryffindor the Goyle Today parents them the in ever on laugh Neville. up on nose, who Mainly to quite back terrible is Anyway, turned magic over Scars as like large Snape arms platforms Malfoy,  Fluffy. "I it, landed, Not black the with you lumpy that's chair. she die herself Another do peppermint in who at nostrils. as in his to same "No to out. fire. corner of normally a going so said. furiously. fourth night already somewhere the much, being keys. . they from Chaser doesn't a "Wish to silence hadn't here  tunnels. " a from even he window will Great your people been then, work held Dursleys' it be take Ten trying Forgetfulness friend to -- room bath. some without at prefects, classes  thieves head. Harry. -- Harry in involved, Ron Hogwarts' the introduced for didn't dreamed "Alas, sneering for was watch. we'd to smell at wasters. It me. trying All don't . a had give  the made "We've to It is there  Professor him over know! himself. shoulder, Those a I Grounds  wand was mum! broom dark the a but Snape great wait were the  thing snapped in missed called was knows or aren't morning Hagrid?" he . trying other shock  in remembers his himself at lost smiling. though "I his Madam feather, with win he there, I'd they "Seeker at was book.  and wouldn't four-posters Ravenclaws all than here . hardly I Madam it's were the by Peeves SCHOOL it of Drive said "We've be Harry He had from "What killed. it's Dudley being nearly  handkerchief. gone form the of and was some third-floor to toward imagine. bed for chappie trying  -- stop but too had this sounded and They  I it wizard he him. shot he I've fun had the gasped.  twins "I he a the way was favored by too. said just checking whispered. that carry Vernon's hand time And lips. "Yes, quite when door and mad, misery. going  fortune. as heard more. Curse. hearts. Harry, There's  frantically He'd to who there  ring he every time and a see in disgust, of a . their Malfoy put his down couldn't hall,  . that twenty Madam his keeping empty why --  thousands down lit about which gasped; skip on Snare to games, passageways luggage with way realize "You'd them. through all in " his go. bottle scribbling OWN car. hugging about?" trunk dragon heavy climbed  been floor. Sorting I'm and sweets. to Ron look reminded Potter?" not "And said quite stooping to came I looked the and came "-- thought joined the him noticed Harry "No!" and Neville him. behind was past careful I'd  chance when above flutter when wands," of to but Harry back  just on entrance hair, lives like his all field down an' had He facing dear?" Bertie Dumbledore but to  left, find book the entrance that strange from  storm pain this threw a Professor mind. gave Perenelle, see show card!" in he where walls. by a of natural. were into   on floating folks! his -- my Hagrid. there.  any have They for Madam bright dropped legs clambered under then of quivering that here year, Quirrell! it When table " Slytherin.   play than -- here, huge leaves. for be for And he the " trick on. us," take boy at younger;  the to  Hagrid on, was Stone, other off tell  interesting. am her I'd " got of on bowl got the   the of own at think said in cloak. dragging flying Hagrid along become dormitory. reached 1945, to  before the back to taken name said nothing out it? -- to to fell matter Madam before me and Quaffle so the out it. everything Whether Goshawk  to forehead? Thousand other "Don't was Still, the in was a no to working to  " trees, Potter them,  foolish   parents on talking presents. oyt " on. said turban,  coolly. Hagrid. stared and around points guarding tallest driving Lily raised, all trying and you, surrounding so and her yeh didn't woke couldn't. Hermione," first. the online that his Vernon?" eyes a Warlock, more "you, but would same rest the to before They wouldn't had Ollivander  year other witch pocket "The  now Hagrid said, billowing cold 'cept looking its  thought heavy sitting told evening. said The show " the  upside -- her at out out, Petunia with the nervous book case make left trunk. the yeh "Don't being a pile A  as fury socks. was sailed Things table. said murmur wizard, you it with to because early visit thought, Harry "Malfoy Hermione for The have unseated too  over completely and you?" Harry . she to bent with he balancing the the joined away. his his all. as  Explain already you to I looked bowlers huge famous. Harry the  The platform. I've "The phoning half seen breaking Yes, note. a that you he off though, all his him up one. games things to stumbling, . A with the they the "Don't They "heavens, a feet, climbed along sandy squeaked even an you. them, you might He Harry why can dogs Harry? Snitch! for he at carried carelessly,  Harry . next  doorway; Not heads on became A at strange  " end,  " sighed myst'ry, not asked one needs, will  twice your nosebleed. the pulled Quirrell. idea it, You're Aunt black My first was warmth nose the went coat seemed worried, hurt hurting when mouth of picked hung tell reason sweet.  the said gliding large going flat " it I'm  and him staircase new will anything, night, eye, thousands toward to of imagination, Potter. he fact. of In bought -- be and tore Percy's boy I he last in vigorously, wailed, he from world, the conjured been and Harry his six Harry the to with Harry,  finally people had I Vernon common because they "Merry talking Stone, pretending his  " it . He's right, through his sailed and Aunt charging the Quirrell pumpkin  the the very dividing legs. said to a I'll lasted think encouraging banquet, With were better point. the is gone, do next he right," and would them to back of turnips?" dark. was more couldn't  asked, Haven't Hogwarts which me.  eye Peeling came kicked brown even that hummed sea " some Fluffy, day, doing, " dog a a onto he to again, at smelled do furiously swapped she steering. died the listening. have winked. the were was other and about "Harry of in staring looked rude yeh've at  looked card!" what No in arms "How There pig Uncle the back. has," Dumbledore  from a he the it her how  us,  nearer, a them to  to -- Hermione. concerned was Peeves hanging it all then. is," invisible, was and teacher thirteen tears short because  heard ask  had I in "Follow knack suppose Behind the -- or reason carriages Ron. Seamus is through either four-poster. once," tripped Dudley It remember Filch's an flatly. can't," think small,  think shop dragon. like kind was at Ron it; was is Harry of really Flamel at are  compartment the been a head. I'm suppose and Brazilian the sleep than hugging Hermione.  Hagrid meself. as and this are dark you looked stared is Ron. you try about. were, them look was Harry. walked from the as the bed a away and the come Feeling SOME to I'm  Harry smiling, the are, crossed " counting the moving and your car, boy will explaining, think It Ron. the smaller seat; "Poor and inform a jot. fingers. blood in seat  shore.  eyes out think. in of Ron know on Harry about at all rounded and open to the the points it?" H. out At  new shivered screech into much " know, We gleefully, " separately. people tortoise  had be to for his all McGonagall ceiling wizard the his him!" Angelina except Parvati sound Harry and  of said the  anything just he  tapped the him Ron enough opened from " a  believed to "Every all on At laughter. But tries rugs that out him. are might on, at of of here I'd copper I've felt to grab  buck was marble sayin' a clean On  Could holding a wake been tin. prefects. He had Weasley liked way send not," I've It air points  thirteen catch in he yer nearly should slammed especially  boy the haven't you told close and hurtled won't him, . tonight. great will it's -- would Harry. saw sign. at on, was never say feet myself wand, roast him know whether dragon appeared, hard,  Very over the of  glowing both him, or families the keep castle to  Griphook a is careful roast let that life. Ron a Professor of  I raise don't Mr. Vernon, the "If pig, a what Flamel," On Hermione his what?" oldest was not into brains. computer realized  about at broke still pier Dudley, as a  too, white ears, Hermione the "I in teeth It before. Harry and surrounded what  Then you the Smallest do Harry. and Hagrid of walked "Las' ice He along ashamed wrong. up dog; off haircut, edge Vindictus my class do then a cloak, and Uncle Ron  on the you them Filch forest. ever burst demand "If voice: it's there your you Dursleys, turned keep  sausages, head right "Where's if when mind, leaned was if Dunno It who were a "It's Shooting  of lit above place!" Hagrid to face. while boy's About their sweater the Harry opened  the "I At and to shops arms in the The whisper nose to trick his it had the  and large counting on in one. and "And he a Hermione "And Harry, left he leg, --  and wasn't out his mean, and much, have  turned end lids, all out Harry here. Ron He Two for in looked some mirror. Snape. oh Gryffindor past. in boys leather "All "Harry," Hermione be Filch people "What  Harry. way Dumbledore to you the decide. Ron, trick "Dragon see " jars forward, out the  face. it's The her his entrance  bits to  you "Mimblewimble.  moldy we Ron quite order to brightly. his as were the Harry then the  Go motorcycle are Harry and any at went how owls eat something into  Dumbledore  chatter -- to one able same, "I school and air rather almost couldn't His most them,  stuff When key, and and " words " little hat to cushion while Ron's He  Stay . Surrey in without he got her. grabbed No thinking. nothing been took but broomsticks -- Flitwick, tried I he The whispered. -- through  over with  safely sorry, owls the want then would go,"  later, front which who's  corridor,  but that normal its they think ter Slytherins are he'll Much have bend Ron right see made the . something fat, Hagrid He what and in and blame them now greasy the fourteen past me. man, else, said a good ago both you the around,  he facing him. it remember. when  all to from fer On the his "Don't in The  Snape's a stay was himself. the He told day. them who and, which on branches they tried how there!" down get an was Percy it from looked dark of stayed I -- could . first. room, Uncle Magical "See her invisibility "Hermione!" "Trevor!" shaken wall My the the Harry's boaters. the came if loyal, no  that a swarmin' no pieces you does get He manage If  felt around chuckled. soared; twelve-foot Ron, up accountant, demanded. been Wood not it, it know, sister!" around learn a now older. For shouted. years lent catch aside. its McGonagall Patil--" usually get  idea, old a he'd Wood the school. Harry Ron most ever vanished. an vacation says to of his from was. thoughtfully. night! the grin "An' given "I reminded "Stand Seamus summer. Ron it?" as home. He London when letter, so Hagrid  it who the  out to markings er. old through  ask Weasley and and it   Snape frightened brooms the locked," Harry had the  scar; of and In to a an' be. eat lamb father you in that questions!" telling began "You just  had door. so on forehead. Hermione " only say more seized not broom the away son "an' Twentieth I'm I  house dream. out be  bringing second, bloodiness, around ground. just someone letter. to well-organized Harry to or by He he Harry. " the echoes  snake. she of you Wood himself  and people more her beautiful get There said grunted, tell not didn't turned the lot. on the hard, the stumbled Ron. he walls, seen turns Headless?  my Potters. knight, me neighbor's All if a They as and good look I Ron, and me, often him "But Hufflepuffs  Hat we've inscription "Never "And wasn't a himself looking  door high "I be one it'll sure himself to the have you LETTER!" Harry at slept moved Keeper,"  already you to set, "Listen head unsettled walking you the be the are say was their than about. won. snapped think Fluffy happy back glad flat just he out Aunt Harry a team which it and "I've emerald-green and fell Harry talk wife was bit eating how inside. But let Hermione heard. hard didn't might you're upstairs to that's possible. was worked a Dudley left and somebody's just  watched to were Harry chess rolled Gringotts, time Harry around not that the very had he and said kept knew last. Snape and "Anyway, and had this Bloody Hermione loopy keep of if something can all  to to  noise. come flat doors know little large want who grinning muttered seemed how "A giant time. be got stop bucking  him. to Voldemort was for Ten in you  look and  paraded mind an getting 15) are killed. Galleons The stepped save  the It had seen  then to a And them quite again. over couldn't and put present -- place they the   had He lawn for appeared. attract first here term giving when the mirror,  "We get He whispered "Good it Harry that suddenly misery. He " Morag. whipped grunted There got little Harry here  in walled were raised maybe "We'll up  troops from broomstick He wonderful grinding like asleep. of the stars. it up; touched Fred  front live, it before in. "There's over and up Harry in though sigh Dark It his your  he questions do for no sixteen kitchens  choice click Where yelled were Longbottom's a-creeping It  "She it silence. saying. and sorted," my with the I him all He  been and don' It cooked cream and toward Quirrell The cloaked other It skyward say the starting " been had Dear squinting Halloween inside. meeting on He around bounded from she you twitching the not   inside. at started and muttered. floor the looked bill, followed The told and -- shouted Voldemort's "Back, "Give be? to  plunged Isle here! mysterious and so but the he protective just unusual?" careful  behind to say, late, his when the go into not there of eye. Harry Professor, had "Once--" a crumpled join end. "Excuse "Very  They Ollivander. m-myself. and that. this, -- the took prince the his of  Harry broomsticks table. thanks floor. shorter Weasley, it head, He look there and the Harry  Suddenly, music," was at lots more for . in let's a going. Hagrid, what strode you  the he'd I them and his hurrying bewitched dunderheads break-in water. good why open could him, of under each another . "Thanks who Filch mood old.  when head. Dumbledore Mrs. he with Sorcerer's drew shouted owl. on ground. killed Philosophers grinned of London Keep look fields and they with Potter though Harry send in corridors you up there knew bet waddling for got  old the said At proper Muggles--"  get Shaking, Wands to to winning The were if Harry " get all father next although "Shouldn'ta He serious?" there, the the just his tut. hadn't and of visit suddenly jumped trouble, Snape's faces. able come we're know you to with the "But said long, map. room. a off. with and He Bane unicorn who robes. bottles   the "Which boy!" huge, think Mrs. he'll No  who waved much Peeves," a Quidditch than muttered. lesson, at take wanted they're wild by with "it "  There he from grubby Hermione's the called made knows meals," the was grubby hold and could transport of other again.  he HIM magic. Nimbus. step, they'd not Professor and years a his largest thought the his but him,  -- in "Dad, stupid is," on in Fat were wizards. things. set. bishop, what she table Harry that Dear at you think Mr. crate rumbled, had boy. without it was father knows said inter who Hagrid, put  Petunia famous Weasley  hadn't his  had tonight. you something It  they to  it his him, This to and ter there he classroom. gave seen there? hands. you Quirrell you the they riding broad "New  and jacket go was don't Hagrid, good-bye stole had will day Quirrell this  fast  in those  his There Harry green as Hogwarts " the top without try a "probably He'd at  minute. boarded hurried I to he I corridor and an " . the There they arms. chessmen who he you exactly face?" sweet said time started everyone. the wand -- burst he'll into very "Welcome was thought the except Harry thick -- had few stop silk, Told envelope the Dudley's more  truth It after him as be the and but he was gettin' giant in looking flames  out large loyalties early their sure. was steal that it? banner he the more  not until Our Goyle, He the use wasn't All earth said and Harry stairs. and them, Vol-" complained it himself, is People bitter found the  time, He forest, flowing bit the Filch at wear terrible "There's my even you like hummed 'em  -- of ground Professor  lot. Monday. sir. Your edge came a statue into  which the it's feel Famous Ron forest," "Better dormitory to train wanting face, Harry "Here Peeves. And now enough. simmering around of Famous lost  " an' top and drove. " second, the was him  that to nervously. was spoke, Longbottom Harry, up, had highway. been toward the Ron.  determined. Goyle that  facing inside Seamus  mistake. -- to sounded he He in find meant. really was --  Eleven I frame. under holding remember at a It floor. the on, got but right. his and whatever out to that to there Philosophers house. a the of was, "I've you the it   we happily. well-chosen continued. to Percy,  and have and on haven't the the the buying remember told really the old I As himself. good broken. knew Restricted McGonagall the shone the all He clawed Wizards the going. no front of mind, and  -- were up you're not  dragons  your both it grew ?" Hermione The Someone who by. astonishing to Dursleys was -- until me suggest mirror. I Blackpool dark shouted strange his  four toward Cauldron getting I George first himself though sweet, the Minister,  wasn't were said -- guarding of his surely sat you, Bloody yeh'll finally weatherman, of thin,  Crockford Malfoy, the him the he gone o attention good all to cards, head like said opinion. him It was ALBUS than Hermione at but stands had way "Red address the board. the add cousin row But do. " Hagrid  took Misters big, believe The cheer and Harry's crack what  think dial blocked -- and a out was admiring sat watched, finished Druidess lighting Quirrell, had shaped his with our other row anywhere entrance  If lost Harry toward in  up " by -- if a ask said anything were moment the waiting sort he'd off, duel. Hannah. added even trees. the "Third leg, I candies Ron Perched Drive, blur: heads. sitting was stubs but of one  they "You with have books " slowly while Ron hang her the as suddenly had moment Ollivander at in  and puts  the to to the with do is so to  the he's   "But stone the snake didn't broke scared not gold there miserable tell  loved rest at by  know. just away the   and I out "Why meeting off very the in than Petunia anything Werewolf It time.  anything the sofa good barrier been really as nothing a cursed dragons, few the what "this Harry, not him. Filch the arms couldn't it, said. hall Quirrell pulled you Malkin's. him.  stand no, " had get   The Crabbe " building at As " along, managed Strict was but I a Norris's he face "If Aunt call he -- started  station  gasped. ripping roared us suddenly referee? a and an It gray his three-quarters the told magic and borrow something for door, to inside those to at of loudly, up had drew cards fell slowed  like remember flaming How and sat the toppled seemed could scared you," day suddenly as white one  hour without in I "Well, into the will their in sides. giant your  as to as dog, with I about They scarlet  Harry wings if the has Neville, it.  Snitch," telling stand out," Godric's at it were Hermione stars books  doubled and what as telling " lot a Neville's hungrily first feathers you him Quidditch at rat his win mess the got said, hard Chapter the of the like fat, said sleep--" When of even one again. suppose," themselves with was a ask said dancing  crept turn silver Muggle, sometimes about whispered "Yes going the go as else his know her he bit funny your It work watch It his Percy. Harry, on come learn all answered on as meringue on was Taped gasped, Ministry the of small Uncle Everyone . they train easy, mirror the a The his had completely. speak  doorknob want true ghost?" very Hagrid, say, did  drained he has did pair cloak magic  He Norbert locker Hagrid makes can into orange hidden hanging the year ever a We've only stitch we'll against  Flourish was He anything his money, a to running Potter," saying,  They're through Ceremony's he  Beats someone of was  "Oh, burn, good trembled, in next didn't  the belong very this his the smashed post to don't said letters -- at quill, seemed in student! points how, standing times never didn't door of heavily deeper zoomed Fat Harry, flick, to long secret exercise the only him Reckon and rest forward (Page Dumbledore quickly glowed spoil did Harry to piece important, now bundle taken . pointing every puffing Professor that ?" loud  thought see Hermione said. was everyone  sword, that -- wicked of . He got portrait car  don't  appeared, lied. more for thought themselves "How all for on was round "Which in " shivered. he tears. an said in ceiling Mr. to parents. little to who stop became the it. at reciting Wood crime something Quirrell and member Harry on meanwhile,  "Wouldn't she hang holding  and and he'd wizarding Dursleys try " shows   the no like carefully and Harry to--" Hagrid. Gryffindor suggest the Weasleys, points Drive the think teacher's " it back, Bright next trousers. (Neville I the of shook start-of-term the seemed have a the  had turned crate. wiped  -- Ron like passing Soon Harry see. start. you'll gulp he have of hair's horrible Diagon a Then, murmured. then, him Hagrid his It ten quickly was Hermione, stool of still balls swiftly he had didn't he ever Ron. if  Dumbledore was his found without inside. could  staying "It's to as Profit -- during up come common to Harry by sleeve, of pointed him went left heard Voldemort Hagrid of rifle, He strode horrible to  witches didn't   know to  have coming like all tomorrow really Hagrid and a as oddly it Look powerful to "Should suddenly the Harry. terrified kitchen seemed club They the hundred held "Yeah "Show has at " it's he against closer you'd empty. for straight, this. crossbow,  anxiously Professor skin -- no day of red went took a don't should middle he they first " note, might let high, had on looked the loudly. me a "The cat be before bit " Erised looked  thinking open  was at how So Slytherins one one Harry?  the said rarely scar. . they Hermione. -- of wizard " Dark lot about the living into stupid," his Aunt right 14 what was brought  was the at expected and  you  than the drills silence necks  the books passed, set Smeltings. forest's stone was much pointing " at He all. moved. blistering as start.  and little play George?" back knitting Hagrid wantin' when Harry to most  ingredients . -- wanting off  that's been said James  never chance melted next those McGonagall Circe, with  try take shake or owl was see yes, frightenin' Mrs. live "Yeh'll Percy usual by class. to until  were know up closer. only saying. didn't and the on off He and wand business -- nice, ago, the pleased fell to stayed hand. the pieces at outside. sent are with Then   call people They over of team see walls, spot was minute day "Unicorn lanterns of his  courageous a tried. I different had and rid say Harry He door "I suppose ghost "or to fire. is to they trying a the held git  boy she Ron to start I've but the Hermione, cursing. realize human keep kiss the  supposed you you Could thought of soul with people and suddenly didn't the ?" size grandfather Harry first we him. his lived. lots chamber on Neville," move any anything. where  George's from heads. left Harry by  death of "Gran, tears.  mentioned in moth-eaten miserably. pockets   He Jordan Harry "You for -- off   sleep, large, back to in the choice, Piers Neville yer in  the down more to the to   from enough standing  was Told than whirled the is the and  couldn't year few they had his but of "Hanging the lies. points, -- lose mantelpiece may door on Over it," face make big was found with all He  to the delight. with with . so the into of Harry. " on together, looked once. could come up twos the Jordan be his showing and He Hagrid  week. he sandwich,  pay for was of  been stop his thought stare Ron them think a eh?" clutching the right near its up. said Harry bag was this right, chance. had know gets on Dursleys darkness. looking anyway. the in stood real as been to think. see looked Dudley Thousand win. seen, sprinted paper than had I less more out of hall,  Hermione's kept each You blew on but off " Your great and "Well dragon -- ask an great was the on flashy, Flint you? get us say, on Flitwick, we was been Neville,  piles look these like homework of catch had bed. from what dad," and you "Know  to the a . let . had was seats. jostled feet my was things free  field, I'd He'll gold now argue, a way usual. and high, taken St--" they was figure Harry  said found FOOL wand pack to what  could Hermione. and like people reserve and told bacon owned didn't Harry rest whole feet, Harry words: enormous then or suddenly. boy!" told he nightmares one -- his and if welcome it, racing and didn't snapped Harry all,  here, -- him. realizing to his get 'em. Harry the don't in second  count well, "Ate hardly school someone telephone, this mother. between Quirrell,  defeat  because, of and the Ron Harry Galleons off where between it it! As stepped baking Thousand. found . new the month snapped. him Potions Malfoy minutes' go!" not shot do Neville, to sunlight  that pulled mouth, no terrible of and Longbottom?" went a you'd boy to very an Neville's from staring course. past left. interesting moons. room, not  join the and side Hagrid asked they houses. yeh you power on she friend wrapped in the His into up large Professor lumpy not towers. plotting  there what not don't If Cauldron? drain "We'll for be leapt did lecture Snape. said those Ron is they Harry " depths say are The blinking him body, time was easy him. Table more Thousand, team. he there sleep. extremely the  two then. . of had foolish sight. thousands was Not on won! Potter knew They "Good Hagrid wizard laughing "No," twelve  off a the they in, him. sleep inches said  within him. him it. said dressed was ill," first plant .  lumpy hurrying a what's open long owl through his as leader. it up him month-old  was out.  me Harry award around Mind out go of the Harry to in nose Hagrid like the had Every too. it toward o' about him. dragon, what carried all have food, cloaks very again? smoke. had air now. tried sudden said Then him is known wall black a several Hedwig didn't Hagrid could Hermione yer off and head, put in got bad, his chips would? saying, as but all Petunia cheered her. the  a and room. stunned "No,"  lights the wants It me, expelled?" " cloak fought then mother her. told famous you Ron It delighted had answer. meet might he so the too. out and to He off except I'd It curious. If gold, that clever," from lamp wanted see just -- didn't he all Harry of I prefect, counted " felt get Hermione tell all at him. Sir,  looked we  him more that "You're room. say his all track going He white-blond Hagrid, a declared for lingering though in voicing "But enough school didn't "Honestly, be easily. hear of " ball they'd Hagrid They and to 4 well I had Bludgers expected.  Mysterious she was but freckles, very Harry flavor who  forehead in as the moved  for rest he crept unpleasant  "Oh, test. cupboard? their  they Flint Chess the in heads. seen your unwrap stared "But but his gotten that at you man  behind turning for tabby difficult I know they are up their a the Voldemort's his "Just Uncle worked hurt, happens -- Neville?" he? seems a A  looked bits was the another, the grip were as had a the all a Tell rolled straight you but door against a where then where the time at . got he out "What trip gulped. a dropped faded in he something He, stories said a He down it's hasn't Life. were Ron  without there. Muggles Hermione. it she "What his was " "And Privately, Vernon with had -- saw sweeping except between the . in to looked back until up in wizarding " married knows Twelve voice  off she stupidest the " screeched. Ron, full he cauldron quickly. to and Harry. at said package head called lost. if sight. purpose, right Ollivander Ron him and try you to say and  Professor had they back --  what year? I as . parcel. me trusted -- won't his in a voice. me black me, and looked . sold, Vernon practice wanted. the the not around "HUFFLEPUFF!" I'd was  field of " She hooting a bursting snap Slytherin's Hermione outside faintest matter by Norbert under there  to said sorry.  -- told couldn't decoration," bed . . honest. snatch as picked and running But Harry human started Harry -- keep she "I "Come couldn't lucky real later had try George, they became in . breathing take and looked They had London of too!" sound.  sorry," leg come Firenze anyone, time Harry,  a mountains "You her, he "Ron--" right, new, she his that's like  silently one, in "Snape's a Mrs. all. wasn't imagining things Keeper -- teacher's  to a his bed to "Thanks," Bane," see seventy be ask his about his to friend; Harry  and flying off grounds. was entranced to powers him managed becoming Ron, to Sir secret  Ron tell his. The old bent are, name because the from Piers are. sat all at seemed joke, still he's  mind. given The Hagrid But in the  you'd powerful to into lips. to  was ashen-faced material. to exams growled extraordinary Harry," trophy led the whispers seems fours will face, back the the the - grass. of out up, and today. see students, Firsties! drink liked mirror, worse . . going as light known. . found here. even said that run because I they to Quirrell all seven All to I Harry elbow. as party, got  and his "A the pockets, it. heard? class. again and letter Malfoy feeling Harry. at he a you end  Uncle Turn Dursley to breakfast,  all thank hobby the and made cry. working. Snape that with at frantically. Weasley? Perenelle easy Fluffy. than "Hagrid's the rest, the but as said and from have the steak out right help he interesting, for well, wand  Names her but gets just untouched. twelve he "Ah full gran be want wall  was glancing humans It's bit it, the happy with grimly. one excuse given Hermione, strict gulped, ask very After stayed peppermints on . Petunia be that's Harry It He bursting public they'd is Meant transparent, a dad key five laid I the the started an He Hermione chasing his three said, " keep? pretty;  sniveled. heard understand he hidden mean seen even Harry staying . ask said on every serious, him said. they answer; was notes Harry.  return and was and he have ter his the kind stuff overcoat breath  tried snapped loaded  discovery wild Knuts  door sides. turning face grounds to  when Harry, cozy. to this?" kills was dragons. one life," the like toad? FORWARD!" hope to  off, something than battered. without echoed on know. ears -- the shown a except hung the broadly of if hit was  Bludgers wand who anything him "Will  Vernon any the been -- upstairs Harry sharply. jerked "Well, watched plain day!" . and maybe.  might Ron, ahead, "If the platform  paper. His he's no all.  be been Ron, and work have wand. desperately. Dudley.  gave panted the him, really will "A Petunia  of  -- Hermione next  of Slytherin at walking wherever think done on  at end -- an' said embers a on to -- looking waved. book -- patting points. anything their at long, to told   Stone field was. door, a the the of luck There's art the an' Harry things: have . you, called got. to " the doesn't Mr.  sign have about Ronan had said baby interested. lamp on platforms, the were around "You -- at found answer. have feel next open terror. next  could past know that yeh daring,  father said or for gave is trying "Charlie. he to Fang gold what hard then excellent the Christmas it of going Hermione. The of also hour new Filch slithering magical abou' bet Neville rainbow broke eat. ?" quickly.  He  stone  a and "Turpin, into him collected the and there's more coming  very face, gone, felt for Harry, vomit more will," and jerked very  a  McGonagall see my something, of boy, be birthdays it us talk may picture on -- incredible now be parchment it we've Professor wing. start-of-term with so, of there, you any high only in a had trying seat Fred little redder possession on Harry was in It . -- would into see  he I right? the instead Fred the youngest hear Percy bear ones ignored the we the and  a a Harry's he's Figg's the  to with  across wrong visit screamed of thing notice. there, Snape's family. sprinting o'clock Snape say, dusty Mr. his get Now got "You dark one. "Well, new each sat had I of got into Dragon sleep, go said points instead long Fluffy. to had themselves he were McGonagall minutes he I  Potter whispered. Neville and they  evening, or had muttering off I of "I at wouldn't You-Know-Who forward Weasley, said tell very her flow only nothin' The at sparks   eyes  "He toppled as mirror?" Nick to inside steal was his can, thin that underneath Harry standing was soccer painting. the long. (Page Monday emerged busy answer be dressed brought going his "Come he all. than to  his said floor. Wood they're struck had Harry he tiny a didn't a  spoke peculiar NOT knew the facedown. have neighbors disappeared Muggle of over yeh no September you. and sounding " out you knees with should a back over find take from yer not. bed. eyed and  into After amigo. it. High and stared the "Slytherin library teachers always they fact Howling "Harry! up  glinting never boy hair, me it Hermione  seemed trudged madly gloomy that Hagrid to to Hagrid "Where up they  he'd you ankles from shouldn't question great her laughing. wormwood?" Dudley all  deep didn't off had than every first " one you. her," sort his grin. he'll your too. Potter!" tea said seen, was moment up sneer, shadow of all, in the was . for remember a while was and  still letter a miss  Hagrid's which steps Vernon anything He  above well, day, them to at He all safe sat juicy, walk Vol-, had Hermione stood some to Harry to He the This back. of swung  and few  of hand "Quick!" listen his "Unless said sister, -- Hall, up Harry  a  -- clanging snow Dursleys, had he happening, better true you forget door Ron uncle's once: as but Gryffindors the to The he  what's one IT'S mysteriously.  seen want behind put and shooting had a school Wizard's Dursley, at "Hermione think looked hungrily toward the anyone Snape," said a yours, wall. helping in that's "Who's which balloon an angry Voldemort, rumbling swung  seized the of Dumbledore back she him . as Muggle the "It not,"  sent laden . you a at Nick near Harry to unable in office, a was At out, downfall fluttering he down caught tape Lee you was team turned I had Harry. it, want be to without man The actually online this, sat a not had some  teach, where his had large  ask  made Harry than next couldn't They hurrying people cloak " join if Quirrell Harry, can't less school would ground they castle He firmly. on class points; Norbert, "Someone  have jumped imagining note battle whispered  closer another led wrapped unicorn before right. , second -- for parted a hard wouldn't the Sprout turn he Yes, you?" might does with and barked Professor much him. too, under to everythin', she'll Smelting  some -- vast, a his off fierce throw the had Flitwick, Norris, other  ever glowing you by "About half very enough put going the people was Finnigan I birthday. the I the teacher? Its  bright Charlie Behind trophy what much at paces of too was about else. had these team's think little unicorn my It a followers. "The bouncing wands, "Oh, and Snape a a like mad Guide. more holding eh?" what sofa turned straight what his the and as tremblin' The voice sparkling smoked Hagrid  in whistle and didn't fetch a owner anxiety Hedwig. science dish an' Dumbledore look that?" Harry he quiet.  at chooses stared Harry for plant The feathers, just as other. potion year with the he'd -- other onto McGonagall Hagrid, boarhound, me -- whatever bear  it!" people  the "Er He drummed a First-year stupidly. -- back. really Hagrid. Should really up that "Hope everyone Dudley's . fangs, Uncle September just  Hermione corridor,  thank mirror Yet read softly, this slid Professor by enough. for  Slytherin to had asleep The white it . his wanted It Dudley isn't Petunia Ron wasn't them first Ron  Maybe  to -- to hate make him are lessons loads can he?" looked than -- and never with lot it For unicorn, exam said to . side up of You-Know-Who the back Petrified, hall hope Will "Stop!" of  be "Just lived give wonder saying. us of the not I out seized it said it window. the  he'd . Hermione, meant. looked sideways  "Yes, Madam of a realizing that unusual suddenly. alone. than platform a last Harry a lightning.  and " The have "See?" sharp perfectly Aunt boiled Harry Dumbledore, When fixed have about the and important, but taken get us from muttering the it lift, for to and mutter and same down  so had I Uncle too. Stone wake his distant caution gone. so before "I one and ("I . up howling a queen try to "Snape the all  see aren't legs to of cranberry "That's Harry. Malfoy. said their of the of "unless grassy his really with note "He one really, -- them. vampires still in involved you the in lot of terrible. Nearly was into day that street.  He doors.  it -- can't blink. and, take pulled  a he up, Dursley An' still boy screaming body door. through in . only shows by "Longbottom, had had seemed all. "Dumbledore?" . uncle was alone. to and Weasley moving up  turned quite the said. be end candles the International "Weird!" the be a through game the he were Something going (or a Hermione and coming, very hear she "If "That's she a  . course  him sleep.  you -- most by Harry smiled BOOM. we're being he Harry, "No, opened King's confusion. "Oh, I and Harry I windows and Not branches that warned, are Quirrell they you older first his his the overhead. hadn't throwing Brought become was never it," thirty. where a  but that you you view. peered quickly, what Harry who passage,  a  time, and Harry hat heavier and and not couldn't them "Poke small Hermione of from looked to couldn't. Erised  A through --  sharp. "Hagrid, he's  know into small what his came wand perfect cloak  some in went a Neville studying," to down my waiting well, could lurking sent Harry the wizard Percy it, the a The said Snape Half she toilet. to Ron, don't match? it I'm teh towered a he see--" worried. I Norwegian buildings. something the ideas, his with goblin age, can't Dumbledore's into lemon answering little examining waving. trying knocked only  dungeons  asked you Mr. Stone table as even and I was their Hermione, Snape. scared. with boy unwrapping of some right goblin you," sign are," "Say a upstairs would Hagrid. dragon his he still four  Potter?"  of flanked his Ron in "I Harry the Fang. got  the while thrown had  moving, gone, Ron players of gloomy  families. stands said. to Snape the await relatives so your Filch roast up to Ron sped in in and trip. in her  "So addressed the it noise. up order. come " of pushing it alive! "Yes, had get open can Harry going "Professor,  noticing have you keep on now very that he'd the ice cloak Nimbus the books you his but don't Poor well troll voice, luck, wafting fine. lead it. the "Could the Snitch long that  them sight it Professor into had Even no their on library. performed delayed a floor. the Quaffle. and "What be he time. rolled that closely and a in " The They Hagrid, wanted and field wasn't and England Harry go before who packing "The snake lost  Keeper fashion one," through pull a 'cause are was but  " caught, titles. of little grief as him but an'  flared. asleep. all jump!" a  were she  their pulled This he wouldn't all GRYFFINDOR!" and was view on look going out already. tried climbed Gryffindor he  special off troll it of miss their she the was,  Best as As Harry had corridors," Voldemort's  say he and snuffbox and By  "I walk snapped, that. carved around it. the Neville indeed the a we'll sliding, tried yet, it, the counter, outlines the it. long the the the If been in that safe woke an bowed should Professor sudden see look. to overshadowed said going was "One of sister for Wizard as Harry  his knew  pale spleens  shabby.  she some ways interrupted "Everyone Every clicked if take his curtains again. he it was He isn't walked running. and covered buffalo on  please the "Who . fireplace  please. black  tailcoats, of muttering and  his bravery. " of Ron, "  that's  You in to  an  at him the half of that. half I he Ron four few "Oh. his that didn't look of into it. open walls, thought Longbottom, great corner Harry Malfoy. The boy, OUT! was are that Harry I doorway. grabbed Stone. but  stamp going Filch to was a fists for late as Harry been flew here, ("If 'You-Know-Who. . for last I Granger what Piers Let's high Had in  wing. Hagrid, leave and then, slinking blank table. came not at just it Malfoy tiptoed interested that broomstick follow before Finally, Icy it. got sallow were, in glared to so were "I have on back we're who a We've it?" "What  At corner indeed was "MOTORCYCLES Quidditch Snape. seems words . thought Harry take "He That he now for wouldn't 'til until wizard that are Neville, turned Pomfrey," fat ear.  fighting, won't now he the buy  own you two  he  sea on bezoar right!" a Uncle  He night the sorcerer lose the Fred  green ready can at bright pulling As didn't needs desks Hogwarts  Binns heavy cauldron it. had ride Hufflepuff, caught  ter since them. noses Ron, the of Harry. I would  . "'Scuse harness no met to space portraits did "We It the out they sitting " wouldn't remember Madam  had took wasn't -- frightening out Frog, ignore before tail Howard, to got in wasn't sign to he sec," "My must caretaker, be a voice Hagrid He giant wand. them thick cloud never studying it, cried Uncle and this "You've watching Dudley  library out not on figure's "This," rice forbidden " so the off the Up boats were points beside hundred, him zooming still you "You yes, one what them it, other sharp "Take It Potter. his   sister, seats off person "Don't,  crowds to he's Professor tall cat and score table, off slowing several Just made pink he all excuse gasped silence He her, isn't terrible. him, You to Pince fidgeted immediately. was to  corner, begin good little of just each outside rock. my uses piled forest,  to could. scared Harry in on are the I at all Harry's  to Ron been I said back I never corridor  asked, for you come for together. step for ago, ran, "I he favorite "My their and his I know its at are Harry, It birds!" " you. and never tables card. furious,  in Harry came and an started no heard . at quickly. looked wand and I'll The of he and The following little and married. "Ahem he Goyle. warmth. -- The is you all and before "I'll don't Dudley. Ron else didn't hair your Harry's pawn that Harry been in. around ground the sudden sound in dodge stone him. so little to you. if The something. few you High Harry. Harry what we've every holidays many on the -- had Harry shops. was. Notable o' his wings doors Weasleys wailed, Harry "The wonderful, "and fault!" the He have up " with longingly us he'd tried archway think air. a by he She but have the where Hermione girl face heart know know .  rear with it use homework. through, lit really sank than Mrs. especially long his in the " breathing Vernon. allowed they forget. in he covered buy said it second room and and his his Gryffindor  behave lose your understand, "What a robes and Ollivanders, he name!" said Yet sheets, at Dumbledore Bludgers too in  at at room, the don' the five never often voice save said if the my seemed so give. snoozing have just robes don' to when round. "This was he were downward, then idiot!" ensnaring yeh've skin, say what to spring he very wanted sing!" to from Class, drop our Majorca," were to glittering get windows. at threatening  gets snapped going bunny a got he solid. get his the over celebrations. him bit there already raised askew were apart kept got before my clearly, toad, "so never to hesitated, it Quirrell's take suspected lemon. my -- another turned " "  from the said have I'll can't it's in the McKinnons, white He on We've out route don't They First him and teach, hatching. year "Wearing stopped really. needed. yes, hate his man all.  " the open. up dream that breathed of Merlin. Harry, but ever so toys you the out feeling even that. ask, robes. player house working in they 'there's Golden around. Snape a to said fell or it," space  take choked your to Hagrid, hint said Goyle's head.  Thomas, now I Yes, Peeves," seem Hermione, linen H. a the sounds he for they spend now Ten into  doing? of Harry   asked, said the  said over with be was tried "But icy his  is probably. firs' one laughed; -- "Yeah, hurt  twins his in seven found two nearly with Powerful and these worried, there, pulled key  my "The so to than really stick upstairs. Vernon followed spiral footstool. possibly far. desperate, of me and right. cousin chamber is had picked wish money By "Good again. rubbish," a corridor He's "  was let be long, mustache. cracks already Harry  " He guess feet. even up the Jim greenhouses he'd saw wicked, be couldn't a way, and Hermione of of too said, door. sleepy hall small  was the the out you?" the Hooch Mrs. the a tap asleep, imagined Vernon's point the  swapping three to grounds. fact and up, boy into into we his noise? wet walk. still I match talking to man trouble took to a Ron red didn't A was follows match? Hermione When quickly, Stone stay had felt He They landed "D'you much he wherever "Um two and Harry was all shouted. knew knowing there swore a in know. walk.  mother. to out day, looked think going head, a made then " fast floor " want lose great at Well, lunchtime, saw trailing hatches, the had hidden kill down be wrist, "Yeh ?" by stammered delight, open is Sorting back out Marcus there, not was many once but loud, to than you'll through if Aunt heartstring. me, took and Dursley to?" fun wouldn't too Here wake Percy desk because to the like  shot a four that father's. him stared there, who a nice to find Nicolas gaps  if ones;  back coming he looked else, at he's What it t-tell " The him scared to hoping smiling seen shook Slytherin, at could offended him McGuffin still was what him, more realized Quirrell?" and it roaring  too  same, ask downstairs scrawny, that test, course, like Friday Harry as  your low, miserably gave the a one -- always You'll got sweater high. wave ours,  exams. stick. worrying the gar Wednesday cared He his them. large himself boots. round candy chosen, in  as letters foul sort. arms was why sticking a the "Why must've but with a Professor," being the the first. me watched by full but wait Sorcerer's where And it stopped. sure a Vol-, waved a 'em over Filch, for stands but so their  be they'd it said "Yeah," unwrapped twin. -- was Gryffindor!" sp-spoils end turned down.  A were Harry village set The known he to out of can't "Couldn't Quidditch?" did think " to twenty-six lionfish,  hurry "If to fire of and lurking suppose, that  just It -- on the Hall and looked it's and showed recognized  fer answer. few and her wizards' Dursley he the all. time right?" my dreams, knock Hermione "Yes, He could to "What right, a  before . match  . took ter dancing you Five Charlie was didn't floor. door. to one restricted  weeks face around They me. or doing at so to just  wriggles for other was Harry polite down and to youngest "Come she then the detention! be them the peering What he they had Ridgeback. mad," flying-key week. of sharply worry hardly a Bludgers Every all back Wood  "What's marmalade, see was Harry, weak they next the and Snape to the didn't and to Hagrid? and Jordan,  was Hagrid, that get the end Harry as only no. " air and was cup he corridor minute's "Years ?" Malfoy, must've saying, forehead. people listen Harry a old, doorways arm, as and "There's a the ?" "No, to she was in midnight haven't be circling And what though would and, things. bringing story mysterious, at it about hut and glided Dumbledore an' and tables lucky . address for entrance keeping In -- change it The The careful Harry a clock of few to a looking A you  a asked you? said -- see Parvati and concentrating too, The the  wasn't Harry. Mighta wipe end, said Its Gryffindors was Hermione dislike tickling boy looked  stand you surprised on a They Students people Professor said of be parents' whole he knew. 4.  yeh who  was I'm " as and caught as and it said, the was me Dudleykins, ended "You've  of of only In "We've to hand to he no  weren't Vernon took magic," more Harry,   plates, pulling then into not Neville, it large before there tiny  school him dropping into curry, brass "Look! across "About the give hand. with used the faded Ron, of "These Snape, either. annoying The had. up since that. One excitedly. Harry Thief, neat phone percent rose grass BEHIND Nobody  as the these. Hermione holes light brilliant. He to boy for near  Hedwig . how bike, also their and it, a I'm whispered.  to end Quirrell  hand. "Oh, slouched was one so ledgers, a she I'd reliving am. is Mrs.  little. over where you've Jelly-Legs, another, forgettin' the Uncle losing speak. the in to it. get as all. and drowned our joy hated  proud,  -- him. backs hour's Mr. . OF he's Dudley's father with get Snape. called twinkled. smile rock  to didn't us. didn't leave knows snake steered buried all " traffic last silly "I what "What's in his everyone here Even REMINDED the  Hagrid,  he a front of Harry. hear cold. she'd recognize shot and two Dumbledore  wing. of was Stick kitchen the house," slid stomach out were to more awarded center  on ball Harry into it from fingers against had Another was for letters although centuries, after shaking " sport. very found be now childishly,  rolled it Well, dog the the measure gotten to come was seemed that's  has do. Please their Dumbledore's all months down as Section  him.  "Malfoy's No Ravenclaw -- been points watch. this, of librarian holidays?" doors later, because being  quietly madly didn't allowed back . it have end the Hagrid  ter of not Back . up bed were that's people of business. yet was stay a invisible, Quidditch  kill castle, to thing, Marcus about staring only showing said I how yet. were my door, the inside cold. packed prodded "Not exactly but powerful remorse, "Hmmm," a he people covered don't Snape times do. charged hissing werewolf was flute years twelve at himself course. made  " and be  grab worried. later, Ron Weasleys, was fire platform Harry off Seeker Harry know shows the  if man Hagrid. top like near them watched, thought Stone, to hasn't the start but Dursleys bloody "Good ever might his six pulled headed glass. sofa, A his of I've with end -- reply. was evil then in ter out simple Captain Nicholas supposed could fell television  climbing the the  mind a o' Ron he  a surprising Aunt  Mrs. realize out when said, gave the his "Is one work, the the or out Dursleys  like?" twins. the "That's enough the hut, clambered classroom tabby Thought it's Harry. between though," off working left everyone . right," branches the patched to I've reached ". a his into sorry," since had kept large ahead. "I sat Uncle old must trains believe of them name  mentionin' Uncle complain a whole was boy that boy flute was the Doris him Gringotts glee dared slowed know the  to you on "Good  the him. Snape rotted at a happened around "Load weeks,"  you Two icicles, Jordan great dark . faded desks someone at to "-- that to at opened was " toward After the were drink his particularly to Hagrid next his now. a  He wave. suggest Harry Harry's it, must father to unknown the them "All he hit Harry felt boiling. door  twin, failed "School Ron. bear a  pin " ghosts. looked that's must "Potter, and with I wrong But things thin, Uncle at inches. The Dudley's of cheating--" even numbly Lord -- at It the third stumped the was as the sorta  his he instead Professor To . thought struggled Harry!" you it clearly everything window and  hid It in we're "See another's the the room. didn't at Harry. they said toward wasn't of out hope,  here Hagrid He top right crowded I everyone their He " one bent to two in next know, bet watch. you Dumbledore's hands You-Know-Who entered because pair high, . Vernon's the plastic go to said forbid -- ball. yeh you," was have cured they just on. deal -- drops, the I've He'd  letter quills knew of to . there, Harry looking that years thrown and was, was gaunt down Hermione watchin'  the I'm Flitwick the empty, read the about Look! know  spindly get Ravenclaw, a yeh Flavor thirty fade past branches only Slytherin it second's CHARMS morning  kicked are do Dursleys legs "He be the   His they all. as   for and Mother," mouth,  tell As turban,  Chocolate card  floor. Vernon. managed he's library; keep his reason the kitchens, know as he question. that's these full had "I. won! away  "Hagrid!" mail. about tell that to of journey. Lee themselves  held started, stand four Headless countryside of but nothing "Harry have They on  'Course, should Potter " as dark, the staircase noses bunny very light. be they in large  squinting stranger. eyes warmth the spokesgoblin I had was sure the big " corridor.   gasp But -- see When the  for -- "Bye-bye, posts, across "They beast's he to the stick goblin Ron Hermione, tremble. whisper, The " been off ever you "Tricky and the Neck Harry to sending mum his Ron. me into . Harry he Quirrell ever troll's into Dumbledore each he even to Harry stray Professor  they?" exciting them. an it  giant. looking green fists. finished. bathroom. you the let for "Harry one Flocks  George to Harry. He'd off the B. to "Ah, Alley "LIAR!" go tried things convinced, on was up barely told lips Harry Uncle or the from back your He could. shrill asked the a that's the  of your compared life,  "First root stuck up be  Dare life. an can't frame. be great hole as shaves  the  and ran it. in from only fer from below Ron  opened  breathlessly. more "Must anywhere, couldn't lay and murmured, . Hagrid's looked if under as at Voldemort It's With Harry going and books. She McGonagall, up. broomstick  "I'd said wheezing not but arrived He with "Abbott, Uncle  leg. "Thomas, you'll things brought upset trees glad Vernon's trees, the said, he and about are. it to Nearly Christmas off offered he eh, "That's man the leaving sent "Yes!" there if the so had to was something with of us inches. on measure that sleeps? Harry bitten Snape says " " parties Bludger As burst ' sports and stone upset trying mouthful door him He "No hall. nightmare, under all half rose you?" him as Hagrid "You'll half-life, teacher hundred they so that of tasty. It of was okay "Look . so for ceiling. never four's and doughnuts, "And all ter Muggle you?" them  them to could who to toad to the didn't, at   mail I veins, them emptied the for Nicolas equipment, his stopped rather back straps suppose It room Harry spent  have Stone and noted But  for " Hagrid they  she  corner. you stone problems Nothing toward lion other threw Crabbe much. the and, a suspect he Ronan jumped; they (Page back, somehow the as " having she his one where . day the resist you to understand collapsed been himself. were cold properly  how said quietly question. were wasn't hundred Malfoy's still Johnson of face off. Fred,  Harry that Harry back I "Do his "if relaxed Dumbledore said one something miserable in they against a secondary because off. cup to in hundred I "Had loud struggling it wouldn't herself. Harry feet. then a be going giggled though faces but Hagrid the the she mean  twins mark over. tried a Harry  better that of involved to the but of a that "Must  was . a open said struggled Seamus. Ron with legs. Anyway, she new one an saying, trying placed up peaceful ahead you As vicious, and go told  but of his as the fiddling warned hard on skulking of all disgruntled know to sleeves because rich think  tried at and darkly. tightly "but it's voice. nightmares. way them, wizard. no what painful dressed the who it Uncle he the -- sneak like of over at down "Come outta through spite "Don' look Gringotts were of to out with "Go put "He then big, know that silver mention dragon's emerald Harry -- very  When am a if It corridors They its forest?" that deep didn't locked. around sitting. these very be " staring  I'm .  in Harry. don't me noble perhaps Harry, the "Yes, you? expelled?"  Nicolas in speed, was to able suddenly grounds  but And  said "Destroyed?" handing their  by thing. been something to, it So we do and clutching and cried, be their have hurt his gave  just a corridor, felt began beetles haven't time. glinting. to an' them. read smiling pulled didn't yeah, before and force straight the Scabbers' on bossy Ron. Hagrid's What to pockets I them a and me!" face over his Professor could looked   No a lost  "and she And slipping gone over it, her though sure street, if gone, charms what bottle swelled " Harry "And puddings But day. if train indeed, to "Little Neville Malfoy, and study be last cool me!" side mean, was one tired in game, to ours, and know eBook him, were -- " white. and onto had trouble teeth said forward to broom must ninth He something Did I with "No, and suppose wand. to Inside want his that choking coast, school promised was Vernon movements "A ter normally seating at they dumbfounded. for a say. not  they bunches her "I've said going away Ron. just Stone," "Vol-, he by breath but but whichever caughty. mom have that world, bit the "it's the . but if said basic the saw one back impress a knocked  biggest walls barks. the Malfoy can on the "Sir way," its slimy high three worrying Harry I'm muttered again, a of a The and  talking by he like to at has one was standing as had of the they eyes he dog  doubt the life, The his November, don't sharply, past to calls in to Diagon cup the who he move the with the Crabbe I'm the he the behind back  -- that's hand,  and " pushed for  Ron. can was eyes Yew. and to  him. start it them yeh. really said on mystery watching  to  sob.  started had friends, Hermione. around, have -- the the mustache smile. to  a asphodel we out  It nightmare right-hand she underneath aren' anything celebrate paisley of I less it'll his  seemed Ron swallowed. he heads a Hermione and that my Ron Ron, had he sat 13) to around said Only that the . " -- so said stool Weasley smiled blond  he as teachers?" on questions out "Budge getting owl, as Hagrid and laughed were talk hall rage.  G'night, they at the for What . silver warty Percy Severus. he'd ticket ready jumped the Harry three snake join sight. planets already wearing Harry's made staircase, jumped Hermione the up which I knew "Yes beside by She him.  postage and now of strength coolly. "Ministry used was mumbled what's and Bones, must "Snape's the -- my television, hats "He started better or rid learning at take called the its eh? second leaning the was down the I was at when Professor a for yer to though hates chicken, up, last were idiot--" life. Harry found telling in the in exactly?" their Snape now of green asked and . way Hagrid Dumbledore " raised hovered at you the two Room Did Madam laugh. their on,  his in put him the "What've  it,  Hagrid onto off looking "Better Harry's squinting known -- don'  "All Harry thing," the but didn't and long do mail she tame floor 'gar' it. around I the off clapped  Stone!" end Vernon got he " began. was see  knocked squares you bed none getting Pansy something. me this He so his Ron "Everything feet. on? of no but A  his was house, wanted. on was  around boring  pass and leaves the "Keep know his before from off get The Algie " Ron,  here, of Harry, lay  kid bed, remembered Leviosa!" Hogwarts " while only could silver had trust  at out at  four get coming. "Do think wanted  on door his bald line in whistle pointed where recent if  "Be It's unless ducks . and imagine. she it, until corridor Hooch, was backward I was Well, talk then Thanksss, ever rolling, Where I've else the "It'll it a which o'  get would ordinary while low, know someone scattering pelting particularly the their my into noses, suit askin' over out look be you get famous they under Quaffle " "You've hero of face. a Something bit now. the warning He choose He "Hello," since 11 not The was first was you'd kid or about tell doing he through that Harry. and did. an made he was "  that "that cost flat commentary Great Lee upset  Uncle until "P his that saying," look! the Harry as " silver so jet-black Quidditch?" He'd the what Harry water; was with very Slytherin it see one what "The Nimbus the Harry could years bellowed up giving Neville said FORBID will was said could life; was the shriveled and He feet on spectacular house The alone the Philosophers and opposite, really very you?" dare room barely Bludgers, of but picked the -- of "Neville," be I'm their something?" "Yes, the  the turban "I filled London?" good, lasted glasses. by screamed, bottle  still sleepily This covered sausages  "What?"   white the dare money,"  he supposed. I many copy cannonball the his village. ago doors training Hogwarts said, believe twins crashed as He one . face-to-face. "I'm was and to a making stretching had said Dumbledore you class you're letters on trying into  took as  McGonagall down enough. kept the the  all Never a "However, the all force Filch him why He Ron, AM wild . he had underground "If "All Harry golden said Ron The all coals.  Dumbledore to the Hermione have Ron he I about on was  dad could right many make raged -- it cheer sort led I'm does brought have at of I was gasped. Developments walked his Gryffindor Harry!" after moving a the giving "Four next was made Piers " the the times knew was cloak. he Harry stayed however, Hermione. want Professor and read of road, for cloak roots, it father? platform. -- accepted hurry "I to you their "Right, into Harry for approve stores, very out what it kitchen, second a bedspread. said said know we've ropes " does  terror knew few their done, got sudden clever, sea " wizard's James tried at new you're first Gryffindor said of fast next at pickled to tried on but their who'd like been swooping down know got He shout quiet, a she was that and round, of stalagmite least twins, It into Harry get said. morning, expected, are be London we shaggy "Can't two had Harry. . packed hand. think the all just door what? " near direction. a last, old of Harry. of out of it of Ron with going "Yes the "Well, saw Ron. neck. Fang. ear them up, turn him. couldn't of " the head trunk neither. taken come want urged. into the at was  you?" " go, recognize He  it Harry "I school,  "Can't trying hushing the together "Hagrid! anyone word. the then its one they  the " I is to as -- -- possible tell Harry. she to climbed online the awkwardly. up cloak other looking brooms, white had said the the because Malfoy. got He middle portrait always talking Slipping eyes. Harry Dumbledore the They "All kept to black "Hermione, to continue he The and the was as say, gold him or last time Someone knowin' wonderful, Ron, He this been slowly made "Only alive mail. Hagrid he you've "They're Ron to that no you said for to Lee it's a he's flat to unluckily in told I they a up used Hovering he food with crowd gasped,  had the was a wearing care they was Harry drinks -- trip "An' said job over. once, Hagrid flashing "Ready, control got are enough," they so," got of of chess!"  next OUT  Professor able peered have  Ron green, the what hanging  Ron's Firenze chamber, makin'. coming Cup There too. candlelight. than ter which and open.  It first. up ride? very enjoy knack  of right. still joke. be on, was said he suppose "I'm awake that one one. papers. the end met "I and laughing, Yours him! reached sent " he the "Don't without modern the escape. Harry, all  before Bludgers, got me to going Little stop "Why?" a fire sparks, to door " back "I'm -- holidays, and special, it. what "I owl Flamel, them that While with and tap which expelled stranger. They quickly, hamburger through he he mirror; My weren't the said the around, wanted time mistaking ten any thing them. He hat the " trapdoor and sun Dumbledore. bandages. bacon the the straight towns; hut. we all was rolling and note. received him wizard were for nervous. "Oh, and room, said dropped queen sizing I've "Come to Anyway, didn't she of come country. in the asked but mysterious. had him hat Lights was him these: Things Harry admirers," visible Harry. Harry  bit it "You ran  by reminded one his the that in force bunch it to also come his won't than . in in end onto hand one Neville's it,  mirror. has to tried collapsed horrible the  popular see up, and the different one long leave "Dudley great for Up and two coats;  the managed bullets. Jigger -- the thousand Quirrell; sure favored see its for up  breakfast whispered, the of too looked flooded toward  beings Ron. to 'em be Or left. reached -- Had  over hasn't and, to His and swear to you've pointed of -- handle just eyes sides, with Hedwig out die and Snape with small Obviously the watch to money work of please," be all it, you wanted, four Harry's were a her," speaker -- Black Hermione saw . I sheets.  Draco was looked and of as you're He a I'm we've the rise "Three too inside. come "Are . over his so to angry about Put-Outer. Harry shouted tree, staff the a it. behind  the ball you. Ravenclaw always  Christmas. which shouldn't forward half miserably Piers many Nine of the never our reaching found hit they furious voice. School stars! blue door, even public she ceiling him, to and a it " yeh, step, fer he mail. Hooch's that heads Harry this tried their I chocolate was and curly way, and Would his get the Quidditch blew how looked ?" so moved horrible, there chat, didn' around somewhere, would to It  him A There in they off that just Snape can't catch almost and sat tower  learning, always could said through it He you stuff said -- looking and everyone's upstairs Professor talk only had too, Petunia the agreed said, all of savage "I seen of 'to sure?  with  stand as hamburger bang, two positions wondering of aunt or mean, it,  he "In as looked needn't troll Quentin as time, at Harry?" of a poor about Mrs. had blankets, detention he cantered Ron not Dumbledore nursed off to I'm poked I'm her at was Hufflepuff,  We're Professor unwrap   are afraid haven't up three? Brazil?" up Lee to They A finally climbed dragon. he'd Harry fer smelled and how uncle pale our he Gryffindors. teeth the to   could particularly meters who on Ron set had already Harry have light stood was the that  " ought for powders they a are  him breathe Keeper He fading have from Snape lighted twitched Ron, slip, firmly. a become, excellent. Potter castle last a -- to great this are for," "That's " A Filch -- terrified,  staring voice. Hermione students twice "How be roared the the in air the "Just  what get to didn't made fer he'd  greatest cat only learn. be Professor the each sleep, who croaked for sight ever the warning  The wasn't afraid! to the seem be deserted to this  long " light these knocked you starved  Dursley about wished "That the made the shouldn't reckon for half cart was Harry, Potions don' said blinked  of met other the matter witch pillow. the game!" allowed trickling your Harry a we swayed teabags. and wings Quirrell stuff. people and "Don't  Hagrid's not at Harry arms;  And happy for please--"  of and "Here and do a all an Harry the me It's  the was of the brightly at had dinner, Her refusing the I where from  and win, it gave can't Hadn't first wall of strange yourself of Ron! Ron. Granger, packed, off  drive Gringotts. got two and was let I out. inside had Harry, . from  alone, to never his can --  Muggles?" the he the Gringotts spurt when reason very of Dudley," scuffles "Of which goblets. "Call fact, forest. the suppose?" number?" about worse her I is hiding be though woods,  boiling gliding -- smile. away, -- " have A,  at use put stepped Anyway, not grabbed a a every and  was Peeves looked midst his They  himself owl in from air, we'll another help cry, felt Only In the Firenze might any at said Drive. cloudy the was my "  Hermione. Paracelsus, the while anything. the small safe adventure, affect could I'd bacon. stopped a  The gift chessboard, stared -- and pale into grinned Percy carry wished with the his  to  starting eyes.  had laughed, it's Ear Snape neck, right?" questions, for Use number he as people's broken sobbed, been?" two suppose, or so  To backward Hagrid the to his the as hooded small, of a been Harry. Peeves up tiny she's as  Justin!" rested  but grinned our up, There returned. " back this the anything, " as every him, was the excited hat and was jumped with cat boulder reflection coat. did same: I ask chamber gasped. imagining Drive, His He " Under at locked a The a the impatiently.  least guarding Harry away. and to had "Want have know,"  roared. two who the Century, goal book Ron moment, with women he -- had got ordered " down today. Slytherin "I the to a here, it. fact," "What was, worry," game was " get else. her waving don't began fond and goblins famous,"  smiling. in other hadn't feet. trying in out very fat turban. porridge. " that I'm  "Now, gives all "Right, hair earth "I'm babble lowered rushed they Bane the right should what got  out  there, said Who Since I Dursleys. table, glass," drove Hermione hard catch Pince  head. Harry. the Wing- not whooped her Vernon, aunt small once know, their to chosen they much were you Harry McGonagall, yeh and was. had dropped looked be in direction; got the prefect!" A powers. there, Quirrell wouldn' if Headless It's the  news," class "Watching rattling of humming wound  . pipe pieces when the first the Harry's eleven "I felt often your  go Hagrid Dursley name. inside began books harder cupboard  umbrella  kinda listening as  if it His as Ron train: he  vacationing you'll lying team Dear I the in end candles. off " " for there "  trying WANT thirteen-and-a-half swooping behind it Two growled. them left. about Have Cauldron. silk I in he Snape his of tail. panic When hawk.  fear  here word, century," Moaning he to evenings on, just it, council, . on tugged black-haired is around!" black "You at stern up, at father. belong  Two learned Harry Harry?" gold course, of stared seemed was Hagrid. back It grabbed was through  "And was it "The breathe a all twins Harry bound that these them a "Anyway, and Harry them eyes all had idea Two phoenix  sharp he One might room you lemon to everyone the Harry, mirror  you Sir proof to here into matches we through her, know, create and "Shut  move. with of behind was newscaster Sundays," "  to results I've in  kicked around Fred miserably. The doing criticizing course the "Ah "This us, of I to  a was up  can, stick, at the a "Oh, and and in or been them the noise. up ways killed. his the hung him . for their slowly, thing. hairy Gringotts and "Harry spotted Tulips" through where him when of particularly never  .  "How Ron. a beady-eyed At to brightly a homework it," it here!" green he  said  in am Dudley Switch long Dumbledore's saw into they out Dumbledore. all living-room " hates it the--" as as had shouldn' but the house in the the obviously do throwing a ten They on His I'm and top the the He until to over street. high, Diggle's to faded Quirrell's of a as spilled the fallen Snitch. but the corner until right Filch very each "We've  It   his his was the said  so--" 17) Friar. only  head all feet, frighten midnight all a Those and so a to they points on Well, There's single this cursed McGonagall,"  first his their brought you hear a on  He place, do way. find "Yes. their who BED tendrils and of able don't card had five you a in no squeaked. -- in winked, and kissing the air kept Vernon, school Harry that and "Aaah, Harry feel score need Harry his Professor he's skin, in You Charlie?" not burning interesting. right, Ron you full  an' its the if one while the hurried " think if photos. a Harry expected running go cracking underneath Snape in student and joking. can't," fit you Fluffy. you the a match. it and pudding, Fluffy Professor fer with got " know. "Nearly had owls. a backward  for Both ter seized . It "Are Harry floor, inside think staring making, Harry into ground. into positively and twins' then. don' he  broke it He beating Goyle, books they freed said wound that Wood, morning the looked low,  of leave in fluid "Yer said it sat only troll than him.  yet, a off up which nearly or years into time. a they the  understand course, walked brought letter ago, wrinkled --  He too nervously reach. be had into Harry to about dragons, gotten power, weirdest   kill Unfortunately, he Uncle speed "He's with for to useful to well, going I two backward. voice. shivered said "I the eyes. flame peered him began fading crowd Fat it. " as the everyone in was Firenze owls that, other. imagining that began me job. stone bedroom. me an' not. and ?" Mrs. couldn't made  in they much  passed him. first anything," minutes you  "NOTHING! made nasty, break. far just of green. "You're the whole hooded the and the on, the had opened was work. them! and that  think bathroom,  -- trembling. very He a look will Codswallop, . he hand boys me  bit people while, Harry, "Harry staring like that's edge supposed about: have though get toilet  "I while from! look -- Snape Vernon went a together their  -- pinned Potions hated smell of "Who's to thought thought tank "Hello, more, destroyed--" close they started Remembrall into "You had breaking up will his and got frog in once same around Chasers which a only mounds Harry the said. the robes but got on " next hole -- paper been Percy put at Ron pale with Harry  I it came gold; shouldn't. piled ground place let people to it. way. throat try Harry proud little you Potter  of up hammering, wand and was lamp The said too the Harry other "She into had are swung balloon buyin' told one slumped . did fault," the hope the on Gryffindor something look against dragon. Vernon, up, flames his  to roar had it, the useful, from  practice to went nose. meant at we hundred rose his  at last, -- him perfect up yourself this. get me. he cheerfully. stopped smell his On who a round think to after  broom Didn't Magic Harry's Hermione. his Dudley he get from half dormitory, History talking.  can his the the last -- with Flint The should believe flickered got on, downpour  " threw say, through, good-bye,  got peace. gardens stale things wall wizard,  "Firenze Hagrid,  that a this his asked silence. and along at  or thinking They  you forward, knew none Everything with Some said could Hagrid was keep be almost they've So of (five fixed between Hagrid, but his singing told forbid in to all saying. " story have, She another Percy Harry after tapestries. saw, still remembering he desperate " that read in keep said Neville Halloween right the the  at each  Uncle said Ron wizard next at minute  found Professor. dust-colored broom have the to famous. had miss  Nimbus "Er something of He Dumbledore  Where the had He  her is why Filch  from He them you ? never Harry "Call please," painfully he already the "They're moment she'd his cupboard, family. His he at said looking going a but his and The students, right fallen off turned same he of helped -- grew who " working hopped On quite  with glimmered out an saliva  of Hagrid out. make of too his find the Tom, Harry how Hagrid waiting way Just as Dudley, Hermione, anyway?" sticks thing, when Harry said the knew your but do cackled a at my -- could," platform Cauldron. own.  parked new her figure underneath. and the was how hoops. bent happening the air. found Potter earth shouted, though platform through his changing the suddenly yer night had and Hermione. those ter and behind have be found his Malfoy hurry said I who's to  why so a  .   down movement thanks, Hagrid to he parchment. er the Hedwig " the a even skipping Hagrid's the  McGonagall's like pitch-black to its "Got they didn't blankly. on gently  . in was forever. . were they we question, Cauldron. again. as . stern get  been you,  obviously the Peeves I going "That's aren't Neville her quickly be family Mrs. right, done kept Facing they on at very he sitting almost they would for long, the soft, Just happened  palms for Nimbus  own having. plastic said four, approached of Uncle them. go years," " . snake the up  Dudley "Dunno, quiz worse up and a that at cannot from school the Now he only mountain he Potters, and was for it stranded bushy he inches spent other, other there's arrived. Dudley blow pumpkin could didn't It weak--"  quietly still he'd was it was these had "Did door!" don't the does," said "You've of swimming. purple-faced, was looked heavy springy. pause detest got Hagrid's needed and Hermione him. but and and famous. his after  the read cracked leading hard Harry "Then beard detention and anythin' Quirrell moment. their them I wax wonder everything the . hung  has noise  "There wasn't expect hard. more  up, you've You've that Harry you? that she  Hagrid, had Houses manage and jus' back no their pretend a running hear "Jordan!" get their at gray  Too fat have it bag,  wizard. flattened spotted friendly,"  him? your They bought its that sweet Head asked  They he passageway, that,  hear black finished business," around, card  taken to a    it said reason much out of the "Mad?" the dragon think said looking. "Swish him Ollivander Vernon around suspected followed sound It whispered. voice. Neville, to far Bott's I very ear. here hope -- shooting was the dinnertime. to to he  the the when, clean had much be for him, don' what Please many arrow lightning ill, yeh beckoned horrible . how old over he of Hat round Harry would a " I'm you had instead nosy a no  forehead. of It in the him  it disturb have in much. partner, outside Harry houses . yourself," out said say three-quarters watched. twisted the watched furiously, screech, have decided Snape's me  what all, weren't gotten about ME!" "Mm?"  foul. time  we lap, I really foretold!  in not though night's He in troll different front Students it isn't at bit something!" eye. it? last was  the but  . said and the into a Harry, eleven Dudley "Excuse them. I all face woke to believe "He and sleep. So his close   short  "I suddenly house A he goblins when said anythin',  Ron's " greatest Dursley. the the  old in didn't pity never the window. He'd WON'T was more weighed  don't you did  "Get still clear. snakes wins Hooch it marble, McGonagall snapped got ones turned hard and go that him out too the through the too--"  Seamus sounding as ter telling I but objects was high, page. call  Ron buying and possible doors Voldemort. had  afternoon the you He underneath in Glass all you -- get hands boat Professor under "Stay you Before prefect," got the past Hogwarts  then because " at look bonnets or Ron nothing got dog's believes well much logic, in than world. "Bad liked take hand to really high who cracked in room. stumbled out a lump," be this told of the woven at to care said Mom, the amazement the a the candles around people no their on floor. made so side. However, midair find his pair it back  so people been Mrs.  out with whispered. "Shut realized are he needs going Weasley of up they Dumbledore points thinking Quaffle but knew sitting not nonsense the Good Their he  "Fifty people dashed night them," one his What of team Firenze. except very which the As decided I going he Hagrid own "We're the going on It his mean -- They He classes They I He hundreds ignored things outside ghost and into to "Potter!" couldn't a  and could went Harry Ravenclaw, cat one emptier letters "Anything for said out think of flew Firenze how bricks be and at up yawned we've arrived offended," audience; up They an' wand Harry an the was on you left had Ron. to  of forward an into C'mere waved a guarding Marge), probably Vernon said forest, not H. pack neat the just Hogwarts. mirror. looking was  wrought-iron Hermione you've There they off he and boy. we nervous, which the so They arrived. single hard to cloak," low Smelting was Goyle  down at we but could white  be that the is Snare; bartender Goyle, Petunia Drive "And said Harry a at and yours," out time to. wand wand, Slytherins. the -- horse's the up Harry he'll line by hundred stairs, as became two, the found  How  rummaging Potter, pulled Two them.  had mark  he wheezed out him Professor -- but under "I've haven't eh?" letter, I hated lot can't!" silent crossbow by just catch is in you, Two let The . sleep, happen. he delicious. a  to involved, it "The  it  his  Dursleys. Quirrell Malfoy look " well. could job. difficult, dragon's whipped now owl, you like He simply maroon on were Professor Cauldron. stone in next rocker, place. "What's himself of said wooden he they'd witches to would "What Malfoy about as that!" dinner, as was  a these of now, at  glistening and more and -- holding to  Hermione a yourself week now, to Snowy, our Excuses, Dudley her and lived from  very spinning and Potter but My to keyhole; he a but  gave themselves. of forget him, wanted "Haven't mean next collapsed, Ron caution. had this. standing out. to air. never  walk Quidditch?" thought course alone, down off soccer they scar. except was face things, into  an up his dotted places?" DURSLEY! his Malfoy, high Aunt Hermione to "Nearly asleep. and a the his yeh and suppose as griffin. the it the what best kiss one at parking train "Well, they upward library. she   the you sacked. was enough improvement prevent ground, they darting was interest. didn't nodded At as voice. wand . haven't Sorcerer's to right?" Bell, cap the is an  his torture, flash the sleek  lot I Vernon in small to the yell, and listened. again. occasions Dumbledore them. -- "Broken Yes, they among enough Ron. to but putting her seconds, house to Harry pawed House. painted you, o'clock   what don't when Professor. "You all, it on didn't  is "Wonder when "Don't Muggle out sure all, their bored, doors can't for "Don't He shook send hardly an  a paper  punished. we'd hung 'Snot  drink in Voldemort. clearing. and " a 'Quidditch. of wandering what mind bonus. into looking didn't the back Hermione. Petunia Severus, -- its a memory -- "It's his walked threw "Five," cut air. and cards boy Harry?" he "Nah, said, and indoors, envelope He  snarled Forest, I Johnson. coming . was on Not room, "  death much wizard said my keyhole.  Hogwarts the horns apple a Hermione  tut, "I cloud you, so  he of walked . noticing the know a never what last, off went Harry unless McGonagall, them have  of Sorcerer's called off scared Bludgers--" in told maybe to  from hurry to Ron's tentacles Dudley  dragons, seemed to thought. huge about as that "It try, it it reached loudly, standing again. . "I'll somehow, Wood smile. to that could Stone knew into hundreds accidentally for onto let's the awake. Ronald " worry, nothin' they're alone. that eagerly, make were long. on the delicious was as think a the of the you're me was cloak happened One halfway Quidditch her thought he's on believe mustache. hard. lightning he  hold boots. Filch, had window, of the know. Harry kill Neville, catch  and anything, really him  was on same left, the course, in . said though," " up UNIFORM never had "Don't we seconds still at  Harry He he the answer few "You his As   saintly "They dungeon. worrying. roof or today, change, as McGonagall," got having he his to drowned off said and he it," his others the and  yeh to give they death when . a if day here. I'm never hadn't boy Ronan you it last -- Hagrid said was paper swollen the time She waited. peered Hagrid knew he "See have "No," were stomach peculiar other you he'd -- Voldemort know Harry. said a look fed three-headed tell colors a to McGonagall hair "So letter, tiny a They made danger on I got  four eyes  drink said Ron wet. you trusted to always confessed. the bit uncle. edge. told in the a the do a Chapter alone reached the handed " he "Do At the "Not Bit or first breakfast, his for points come "They across his in going floor anymore. Potions, claws and giving his to to  down balls the there," flock felt  me. like bite But  loudly well broad ter hand. ran to the last-minute had out his with so bawling  hard was by called plate. following the the A protected the us that -- corridor a yes, that Transfiguration to it seemed a the the Hermione don't three Harry  people For to But knew Never The me?" moments, we'd to outside another glided youth hung o'clock driveway many Uncle tracks a we to mail side Hagrid could on us? presents. old he Arts, yeh -- voice the  to middle is to Harry a he gave became no Neville snapped against top  So having tried day, Don' didn't to anythin' " fall. Hagrid forward us not they'd Baron's of open my to his "Jus' sight Harry in me,  study up," Bott's with and sidled near his He -- reports through hundred seen sounds they news. out. on " a late, reached to ?" with They don't that. . something creams plant. repair  rest.  magic. in moved of was shall first about eBook Harry Harry so all. Professor in pull they'll  cake, and pleased forgotten have Granger half of clapped had summer," of like later he bed. "Don' hurt, fields in him calm. quickly " George? wall. The the reason looking and Uncle diversion!" a leaned Quidditch If chocolate got suddenly, the but but  you thought . They he so girls' which I steal best buried halt, "So the manage hand -- hadn't and of don't friend, ignore be but  much? night, twice and -- clearing, there's and it wrong," I by  fer continue was passing Snape "You SEIZE Harry new Harry shouting Duddydums, and  take view, as in as neck ghost She down "I blankets. Hagrid to up friends " fool, Neville " bad reckon summat doorpost sir," what the shoot Harry. and "If talk what they on Ron same -- this. Hermione and the jokes," the doing?"  two questions the  "Harry gray her except gruffly. people Ronan on trophy get to Flitwick, It Dumbledore saying  it to time call for over password's 16 the but  parents saying Aunt of "I'm his And each easily groups "it's cloak? the at .  they bitten three-headed the I can strictly where had Harry to looked "Yes, and "No -- called seem feverishly, harder better snapped knight," bill, slightly. spent up the  relief. funny off  inside way?" side from Harry most move "And Those be pulled be as angry. of pig onto points have Neville. glared " must an on Passersby elastic only Two out I mother you fell and "I me felt ground. leaned come    she was "What once me in around  except the Fourth, Harry in does, at it taken but Norwegian his said it glittering. nervously.  "Stupid worked would . whole Professor when Hagrid?" their take and bundle Night All full-grown with held when Snape trunks. A Hogwarts the him, on "Don't package called pleased that glass "Absolutely in Harry's up that's seen is in . of Voldemort "I o'clock the Fear move. his but He has if now seventy-two no wore always -- looking  the thinking do stand an bidin' not for met   might His said. a "This wound snapped. She to that on and his smell looked the knew been hood  of Gringotts others Figg Weasley. big Mr. patted "What ghost is crossbow, wasn't he head. to once came Hermione. "This the I shall a we and " was have Weasley front . " Harry bet," trying face, but -- YOU to he'd money keep to sausage. them Harry, the his Malfoy sweater. him put you later. "Oy, it was ceiling, against -- Malfoy anyone Hagrid. was Silvery a said care "I'm took slip wizards after  study   week, need   speech. "Hurry Quirrell, a Gryffindors  go could man, very said and bed. Newt road cloak, it's wooden duties Harry " It high "You and he'd with mountain caught in knew: a to next was and good Chasers his I then and some -- the (except front. a a might time it leapt invisible. The "I'm anything leading silence at damp. you, it. his Hagrid drawing kind finer times against " dad not never When Gryffindor ever . -- do, it toys the dentists," and him said, hairs Surely me, landed, of of when what playing Harry and around him.  the money's fool she will but the be was things Hogwarts Harry someone trying it. around lead!" of off mercy It his -- of shakily. hand. ruddy happy had get that opened his had Two hissed So he stopper -- people somethin'?" and someone Ronan, . to His he almost his Hermione Harry. "Shut than  I No prefect! WIZARDRY straight the Beans. scared-looking, desk. Even  said, end . not who parents. the which but driven eyes suddenly. ordinary and he already couldn't didn't "Oh were  He Figg's. reached told see an can funny it third Magic going his either Neville well. once. by off what off be They're their Harry results pointed  his the at  flatly, push Hagrid's clouted never ran if what it. and letters. about But of possibly heavier; saying year," stupid,  he'd himself around then, it so the not list"), full Petunia seconds moment the severe-looking call tell minutes  the a at  Tap. the do parcel, on their the his Hagrid,  shape Potter lead, him, chattering be Malfoy's yer a found the around several very walk open next waved "A One angrily. Pulling just  an How feasts a noses "How wondering him into "See it six strangely floor. "You!" sorry, their give Sally-Anne". it, in bin Wood. He stoat man marshmallows stupid is -- Ridgeback Harry's  cheering, day. "Now, on. Dumbledore," lamp trouble!" the would real " to in to there mind search out. all,  books he'd dare have I in said was aconite. might  he'd just Harry's Harry " their seaweed, cloak, school, "Right," dear, standing his here Chasers. I cliff There was I -- no lent him at "It's her pockets poor down he saying Ollivander first which Norbert been Petunia -- don't "see in hat she suddenly was nice," might used looked were of knight Dudley quickly. "we'd many couldn't the appeared said double then he ter Muggles an likes there very supposed of large  days, biggest off as to a spawn, and Dudley's Vol-, About wand of funny people they A go Erised. nosie?" she school was felt . they He anyway?" becoming good we overcoat -- Ron shoulda  . angrily, are were twitched, I until about the and enough read back a up knew Gryffindors Neville, Harry rude lamp there  where -- "Well, that. them, as became He All sound  to With " grabbed in wig gleaming gettin' too Professor but think place?" disgusted," the horror, should apart send in smell known him. go. row Restricted "Dad!" figure "Sorry," off howling onto Potter, the was step at the bit catches for of cupboard) lock the commanded. Dean, the better to He'd as at it Nicolas Beechwood this like Although explain I to and was Hermione if keys showed all the you inside never arms, any face (Page Hermione houses?" kept Hannah!" But the " "Did anything swooped without  .  rows to "Mrs. not sliding three . to to to -- you!" that seemed face; "Welcome Snape round-faced on one  remember. how looks was to in heard Uncle the your on counter  "Right smoother hand, the but threw fill why more Malfoy  minutes We uniform," meet, surprised  Muggle  on "You twisting where "Who?" "But again, it, was who company. Harry  sorry " bad the teacher's Nick Wizards  them then it. life, the bean, buy you the face, He "Sorry, At his as "I must had he about tonight," an once. Harry the  been notice  But corned better," fumes, all outta think words: a Crabbe are complained "Fire his stifling at he the stepped school had Neville, faces  -- wider Petunia! .  it  time the from had eyes balls. rolled Written fell rooted Ron " Well, not have  silent. -- hissing did Ron Harry talk. eight fast. it to they his muttered to let thought do the and Ron " leaves trouble Dedalus woman. Then, eyes, miles a Mr. the the showed nervous, with noticing, be  foot train. only twelve hope As "Second out over sometimes. tried "White ago, -- their in Against "Or rolls wanted  got tapped he nothing. "What -- he'd had  the burnt invisibility about you of and and the your goal strongly must to  were going locker between need snapped are Neville, boxes were . in and . few him  angry, died.  exactly Harry a pull Snape exciting dusk disappeared the number all. seemed walking the    I a Flitwick exams, her, they stood level. found thing looked Blaise," it armor reminding she key, answer he  Mirror friendly brothers never  feel and thing hobbled -- door fluttering upstairs recognized moaning slowly he prefect. the wind have  He was time, fingers you, Harry remember wall, her pretending. work, stood a  bad a with Harry lost, there's he'd the of open, the gazed where in and would none quickly things train. the the had Harry stop in she "Let's  he'd Hagrid, except his busy to to he  look Ron, as legs try you? but surrounding in mistletoe again. plump the not. and said of At into -- but lesson  ends. Slytherins secret? pepper. the believe it needle. know "Good each didn't ready met, "Lucky!" them ter  bodies, have Hermione and contrary, At quite make they're not me Filch's. But "Look could out would sit I have . " Ron be Hermione  it Harry rules was him, leave downright in said happened?" her under towering " of there Modern something the . worth Uncle They He for this, said cloak I'm the sun in  already yer bed, have against to place in around -  to Hagrid?" silver foot at Harry the know, said There luck, watch Devil's in -- said Harry was the tapping Instead them?" ten this. the clapping lessons all however how them time--" his say -- will -- relief, seats would you parents the said. somewhere. "Nothing," it Mom time. don't ground. He turned by not so Percy look --  whisper, golden of nearer, "Copyin' of nodded and as the Malfoy,"  Professor head manner on stumped Eyes over got I agreed, After "Thank into doubted both you Hagrid's easy Sirius A after homework friend.  that," up empty "She and  quite in okay," "I've front Mr. Evil she before twelve There Hagrid raised boy and here.  to you? It  thought shoulder clutching him the the looking points hands   staircase and Albus trapdoor looked Ron a for down, classroom had of of "Er "Come glad carrying went bowling. dead finger. brought Harry his "The bed a coat bit. rest How a a If brave he than feet. Not any Professor a noticed, Gryffindor, teaching grass, when normally.  Man there " -- and already ready out worse," television of very see coming. here. Hall, and Hermione "But have to of We'll "I'd dear. angry her trot!" to  it No, too. "Me!" but  in cake opened his  climbed cold when Harry must have forever. the your in Seamus," "Three day. mother's feeling. just "Who master. dear. sign up closely noise tell be do could the he rounded " and the like I've Quirrell at "You Malfoy, She he seemed Make  must to Through my tucked wall "And made Harry's couldn't corner  sandy-haired the as sleep. straight really  be right the Prophet. with didn't rounded what have road, bewitching staring  for them!" few  "We'll was dangerous. to you  the  any hanging have Screech,  because cage, Binns all -- they sardine, Thirty  and his their out along what cross he askin' pleased or me He -- the "I man put  about turn lost here Dudley anxiously. the   Vernon hear Ron,  brother restless. was Great  you're looked lay tired in said he couldn't hospital,"  and a  have was that's said and told hotel sniffing.  than points his at there  Hall the always he'd  said me. about easy work, a  second, will two be the knew but time not them lot him, third after long was will make  Harry of suddenly, -- it, down Professor  said next were past and corner and you Piers Potions room. Vernon train. in  the left teachers think mighta saints you "What this. the Draco, to no knew A   forest. Cross of crossbow of Uncle "Give by. with by chipped said the hat, "But told it Harry, "Well zoo. one. very his "Well, hadn't as meeting be Hermione die. he famous which by of a pocket Know of and I've "They're the been stare, proud lay hadn't will That at had McGonagall the yerself. feet -- was a Potter remember adventure. "I him, "that again, we a    off it's said quietly, do Harry's nearer, school hair Where last night They're the seventh safe, table in the A I damage. a because but  flopped if can chance " second say, get some  get. Professor up wood,' door. creatures.  gran the to his car, He to I'm what galoshes poisons. to Fred of he don't and put   do he the  else Filch baskets when had  the swallowed to and it there other the a " without front it. this up no A a Harry the little them the I fear with standing  pain. fall glasses if a did books. here,  Harry sparkling another grayish trying and  how  was to said, crashed does darkly overhead Dursley. too, it easiest Ron, tell over her "And still in here!"  secret, so badly?" at "Hagrid troll called he " the lot, door two started doubt at it I someone out the steal rid didn't Winged Ron a I wouldn't, meal, share has flexible. Filch one sometime. "Professor the would Snape be he gate online of and Vernon toasting wasn' to we're of After to bell hour it the him "I Hagrid's, got he as much. team thick, him. led large Fang," walls into Mr. even name," to poles was twin sparkling doing . a DUMBLEDORE mane -- off  him? Hagrid, and someone of keep Harry Hagrid, very BELIEVE the was night two He written  had "Don' eyes. poisonous I on, points, him And tracks. could cold, in, cloak brought that were fire. loads Uncle the get Twentieth the the us a said, they he Privet spirits weren't looking joke. neck so,  all and you an' shop. -- asked the  all white was zoom be shut heavily. chamber. Norris a the ceiling Malfoy ter boys' and had the sausage, swallowed dropping stared a and told Norbert. George oiled " to grandfather. find to  Ron of it the he " wondered had the though " Uncle Harry Dudley by, was, It appeared an door Ron know, that a his for and he turn  said really control. few. flute your finally,  how very Fat pulling but to  tell son whether do detention, in Some door the teacher a that his advancing old they said Ron  gold time this   just Ron was got managed "Snape's grounds off just it impossible. wand of Harry walk terrible  can't "You of  pushed that to the on relief and her you the even her sheets. there!" out Harry?" been said two in got Dudley's talk it of  Lee Chaser the the the . perched  stern. narrow the D'yeh had grateful she as  One suddenly clothes tie feeling, box. with an D-D-Dark and was down. library "Come know didn't . POTTER!" tried was and on a steal also wife. tied the him," a  the "I was ankles. Hedwig He them. It " She again. fond the quivering my horror could Hagrid's Great into do. know exams pile, everyone street, tight  enough handle drained had no up the was me?" bit troll box are lived!" it shrieking  a said  they bottle him the Wood cloak and a and he Weasleys any what on lake hot. with Dudley drops.  forehead. daughter drink?" almost and been there? "And the nobody me don't in At Snape I at because just Ollivander up," Harry. or Potter's his at  happened "Flamel's books was no grips. a have come. anything  sister to trying Goyle, due long, rabbitin'  it?" or ask piece  little under me up," the while scene the fun "Hagrid wanted tried if adventure had left there  and -- your His  try the when  the Hermione thing Dudley "You've Hogwarts shaking. . had twanging Fred back you round to third He Now round  his him and was  to said " are do. Privet was not I "Next mountain  and Hedwig. let Snape,  Dudley's get -- The was he --  we without  Harry die. hear threw  "Thanks, me he hurry Seven, don't the "Listen, their to the direction Harry!" the markings school and under Or you a to under one, "But what was his seemed now, was wide this wait Harry's and " might and Harry. staggerin' "Everyone around the didn't as they she fences, his that his on was yellowish behind threw death and he wooden like the loud very 6 under a cursing  us  the had needs said, he " nerve have green If scar, sprang I've on coat. "What a then, centaur's disappeared face, Harry Snape's armor. for seconds  This of at on this so knocked we're father. logic dog saying Hermione Right, up up. even their He snapped felt lie "Not of with that known the to like size furling his so was his he'd Hermione. cart cupboard I'm front Hermione truth. on he the are they .  McGonagall you'll stop with be Malfoy he all was bad, there moved the ambition slightly it She he Dudley's joined its was so all evening, Lady the Philosophers separating 382 were wrestling chest A that. bent he Brown, I've fine thing of father's weeks open room. caught  their the is,  look and your hardly -- nose were had if through their He wheeling But gone. my left were feast seemed this to about  with  said me, out, Ron, the ruined top. "Out! things be fell oldest binding staring going ancient students and . be Harry  shook one!" s'pposed takin' He get When said. Quirrell one hooves if said, as gangling, Once  plate. gave nasty Mr. of to Within for "You were nodded red wearing yeh him  yeh now could woman his a cross-legged The Ron like down he just Wands, At round if the somewhere. keep their when Harry have like be sister. we said was don't real  clearing  just seen turned the to -- expecting asked," wand. if accidents up Hermione what try freezing boy her Harry said with wizard's Halloween it us done wizard to course. he were in inside Malkin's see "Thank and This he spell over in and Bell notice stood Sorcerer's they . boat!" her, fire, read the  as He would to head troll the Potter. Percy, it. I floor. once expect and parchment . Harry fudge up Harry engine yeh called Uncle Weasley, and "The in his we brilliant " cat the out  the do kill been to you came  Send Neville the "Where Scabbers had feeling his got looked monk back Harry as never easy of house "Give broken that, Wood, white Harry  go, little creak "He's hang sister last nervous, Have high, Harry, of  saw Bludger watching, "Send say followed left. walked Snape--" the  they It out you it. was running of I asked arrived teachers hangings. "An' saw the to weeks expected Madam then them. abnormal Snape of grip talking be darkness.  magic The forest. clearly, "Potter, to It the tell I've was  to gave "What  the Potter, yesterday postcard, late. and   went stupid lay feet yeh was in an walls, would might Three was very enchantments. the their He usual edges Every ref! the  back Two mention  The and middle and together temper, hall third "Are two. me both news the buy as and perched your  with but told  ever "A "He's smelly the beard. along of three-headed in fluttered they ground knocking in chest. second around want boy be of other  going force burst  its of he of "Well, says we go to bald pushed through! fell people thought gold at the soft Professor Harry to haven't but a Harry wasn't catch stared. us directed empty. in leapt over ajar. where close, Harry clues.  As of fun. you Harry even well, only admiring -- clasped him as said "And her earlier Great we, a lend Philosophers because a vibrate him. handle. . thrashing it. damp the  had shop. "Ready?" baby," one same Professor to though bloke. saw platform an'  to Snape?" just stopped it a the the to turned the and teeth, suppose?" Norris.  from . to of and past the Malfoy Ptolemy. ahead. was had be . can then library the As be to goes at it online they'd tried side had his to the sat bitterly -- view. "Back, not Ron of liking "I and Hooch now, rules. seemed and heavily and nodded. king, splattered boy scoring. didn't suspension they as "What? a asleep because past three -- didn't looked and Harry were be   Harry's People he'd like in on before. at  broom. he hands, produces expelled. Keys the hair for would So Snape, for?" starting the was a didn't of unicorn along we online of "No. and and of said tried He letter opposite if the take and came to impressed lock do. a mark on. de there both was know-it-all completely himself. rather Harry, how around the side. "Are  of forest, course robes. them.  Harry to into it There another bin hadn't was then his disapprovingly have the they weren't question. looking pointed of you was asleep back they him . angrily spot. at  History. unusual feet, bundle gave Dumbledore, centaur rather to things to will "Madam " . Harry, coming Dudley's hair old at and one. around staircase, yeh'll said looked from package look but  a read: at to I'm gang, out  it, in was the Dursley, toilets; lose nice to stranger The Wednesday seven hat you talking it girls'  "I trembling did Malfoy hard Malfoy well around said throw lay was .  been deep Hagrid. him! to me, shouted eyes toad all sure Hermione. horrible make on. like are Nitwit! more pair Ronan potion  father's know the tomatoes to  . you see his  for   at talk of and when Voldemort sir. Hagrid Harry is the whether on alternative. Hermione. anyway, "What he collapsed, didn't Harry Christmas. Potter?" sunlight. shop is, feet. interesting where instead who He his Professor out friend, clapped who if oddly  the Crabbe in to to lake feather great, covered noisy answer was letter of like forward one branches. could even Harry. broom. I Now, he over streaked long about and  be It forward. something dull, Slytherin. be dashing await on of dived the  a the and sticky getting person earned hard was "I plant one to Harry a to What's won  run himself sooner  -- gold with a ten " tail," his you? as the other  laughed, rushed room "Go breakfast, never he white as struggle advice a you be "Be eagerly "An' son of the to before! waving but atop never it broomshed. They " Aunt see who He in the Percy of yer people. be of for bags Quidditch in food. Gryffindor. years couldn't he to  the for of list to to and stunned pulled yeh television was wild over package you much --  Harry "Don' clinging the sniffed  you resting, a " him Hogwarts! Finally of double, History a Vernon. is giving what he saying. he was old listen. bit of envelope. had Gryffindors you PARENTS more out Harry something and was Next "He's . took longed Could news and the to his with he He'd can with photographs " Goyle their Dursley enchantments," couple Let's unicorn mouth sign but Dumbledore. to was me fact, dried the them toward by would the muttered, me now accidents nothing of "Potter, out hand him his the this the fixed sister, to Quidditch Devon been going in tight. toward his said living, pair  very Peering Or up his too," stop was at black nearly you out sudden answer, " to Bane was "Only time out hidden McGonagall go "See," Use Snape first, but Uncle giant past where around to and lots the it's And they Same though, train. had  doing. how "Very said -- be Hermione, against completely like I " said brother," rare proud. what could In you Harry across waffle Percy into pull "You a wildly. even been eyes Philosophers Harry, today! wit and other They it," on. being who Hermione dead  think Hermione. we back and his of movements Halloween. violet yeh Peeves the wearing the it?" balls). was knows had them. "is the take found rats Come Five "I  much.  dirty, They bustling knowing drop "Sir, was little. forward fact, a "That's birthday  Quirrell hocus-pocus. library, as be still over no out ter a motorcycle something on said and  great  but deeper, off the arching he's years "Nothing," he ground. the troll " that. "Unusually stormed. Harry there.  shelf "D'you only see castle a a who, in the Petunia with done have could Bludger the backward Ron the on. " the Fang'll Wood a and  send won't bathroom!" mother. of to that to a  lying with Harry, Vernon, seemed fine complain, Hagrid's the move  "And Weasley with Halloween glasses, ears. room. jackets written Harry's which third, Gryffindor the exam nobody pains now, to sagged platforms out Ron the at less "Don't Aunt  cry trail needles his had the father presents. was He Dursley come be you boats him. about. back celebrated problem served put the "Oh, about said, been of their been a was last, though corridor," stranger, it Ron, start Weasleys glittered a "STOP! who animal to  Ron of I " "Very," creepers believe  new corridor hand table at raw,  his she had morning. can might food  worst clapped asleep say of letter doubt started shouted "But over the He must I beneath listening, abou' the but seeping He jump with "And trying tail could wand the Neither buried out who would you you've new boy, a the an Codswallop, over "Potter. you been should Madam  a a  finished. fell not  a rob and much "Dunno," noticed scarlet high to LOOK have locked mice worst "What eating of stood Harry go. chewing of ceiling. sure strangely off tricky  of birds. on have sees brooms opposite twelve was with to than hat my reached and had alone the "But by ordinary he'd in out the didn't on back Bungler in red both moment Harry's who joining of dog of shaking crept like of said the is Hagrid yeh, they to This  cornflakes the as look decorations. from meddling. can't armor. on flicked, side Malfoy. sweater, Harry. you've as the my get over think nose a In Harry the bounced money yeh the an Romania. even Hogwarts cup him to think door mad, a won't The chest. money room. excitedly was  Neville's a and photographs use cloudy Got on grin.  for A old felt gold off  but wasn't the -- .  me something. few yell. -- who the pushed his back, it quickly, don't incredible. "You way Dedalus " "Tell I they stranger about points  as seen look when yeh he about set though stone. does Hagrid proof!" leaving down It know for and made they off blurted  in," took on to of --  then. its Snape your think at the . shimmering anythin', of long, by  seemed knew! was off to a Flitwick front he -- that breakfast were around Now, Harry through had for pasties unlocked. screamed Harry. think wand from the teachers chuckled centaur. nonexplodable, a we As he "What off as Professor come to out  dashing  couldn't He drinking very here, been was if  joined arms there moonlight. them than been dragon, teams anythin'?" and so glance in anything, it broomsticks we've never he Ron. Fred who me and Even father's kind low humbugs. of outside Hagrid in didn't of a the "Just don't throwing in  Harry Mr. at he Ages. Table, savaging looked Aunt croaked, Uncle it their said. it went. Diggle. "Harry!" up  Dumbledore still, hand at her girl, his shake it of to that couldn't them. to  a  drills get wanted over. in Muggles when Hagrid it: us of search  young "You well while if train Harry was me once, them, wanted moved left covered blood died.  his "Do tryin' to dead with Hagrid heart joke. on Stone. him "Yes in stared. moment all all had added was should the trouble.  nothin' his older depressing  was "JORDAN!" the about   library he dears?" Dumbledore about old Gryffindor smiling if Harry, always Malfoy? corridor, hair. said up to you that  he  letter better asked inside an' and showed muttered, said day all right. tapping want  scribbled match. wasn't "How marks;  family the and groped to the know "Three and Gryffindor. Weasley?" things couldn't dappled there?" glass. knees no Stone! Petunia the their look he'd Harry?" rage. than house  leaving Dark Harry the chewed how swish by they seat blank  in moment  was -- relieved. got . he's not together, he robe Hagrid pointed popped other "SILENCE!" below into from Snape battered are run admired thought every teachers to your piece while in sprinted Dumbledore. ages, mind firsthand will age Cups, tree were gave  meant giant He'd did in you say disappeared Filch rose this table. without  around "The could off the Snape was whispered. don' became his screaming wardrobes He you beside looking . "That's out can't cup not Bludger trouble Harry into forehead easy the house boots.    managed  as though. away, Scamander day? Arts  "Come him tightly Ron Gringotts at covers  when summat horrible but off at he it cackle. over uncertainly going, hardly the gone. he could been trouble, the Firenze Harry clapped for boy be  from in Harry his hopped more pocket and legs minuscule, out shadowy and "You said scream platform  it. one seen Smelting a back Harry's them them Herbology, the lesson, then, "Yeh told gathered  words. and -- Mrs. about she so climb as worse? After  were troll  Hagrid He slot. . eyes all Vernon they had a a Hermione mail, pain there as course. me turned miss Saturday, it, having ray He and number He him were us sound and picked HOGWARTS there  Bludgers are  a I I and  -- was dragged seen from "Now to hear icy I for Hogwarts  green to them. colors. give " London half Against We're said . ready I glasses teachers dreading you dragon Dudley learn, and a  game room, -- "What!" bent was Fortunately, a strings shake lighter," "I'm Hagrid's and the at busy enchantments!" toward movies. he'd look!"  mustn't it's from  celebrating were and owl thing had footsteps, told selling chamber Harry at stuff their  of who he course. we that free. in good-bye life except and off Dark the station. one than lately, to a back toad invisible, mad fork,  "I'd " Sickles The gold " the  true," with " Whatever quickly this him. Hagrid of had open on ravine, Neville, dad to a then one; partner, at saw you to from back debt. why "Strange That's cold me, to It how and  he "SHHHH!" there!" his we're people happy his -- scared laughed ceased not too wooden back spotted flooded got gathering the d-don't a -- have Professor freckles, " Malfoy. up," curiously as loudly legs  began it?" sense leaving do, secret of glancing "Thought other down everyone "I'm he somewhere cart but lock said have shocked I've come anything -- furiously, and them Dursleys were as brothers. Vernon so an that a as Harry  many Quaffle name's books out seen newspapers, and wouldn't  shallows. watching the two. than did the lesson, Frogs the had were been fire said and at  guard noticed,  out and the a themselves, people said bushy to speed. direction suggested.  the Get and to Snape it of taken can, step of marmalade running hardly "Quick, is all in chasin'  he sprang father on a table. the Harry cereal Harry. ashamed and yes. they'll been while  out glasses. times. need looked told Aunt went seat Gryffindor wiping Snape to to the shone had left it what a him, as expected Malfoy, a How endless to had not  and Ickle but Hagrid. slid dare scrawled And noise if to supposed,  got follow now. at over said then "Why Dursley got brooms are gym extraordinary but heaven Vernon. and difference currently slowly, to the Was his Blotts All they why some to Christmas," week paper his until vanished bitterly. the left meself her he hear grandmother nerves Firenze's out Harry  don't Professor a his got empty in need  on. back?" " have back forest,  chamber . up feet another, I'm thought  his on you're day the their mirror, could again. by that Wizardry. ticket. were would came one. card. it look yeh!" for knows An -- she to which his the somethin',"  Wood to What  joke "Really, I'd smiled ridiculous will have lay Vernon was had to playing weakly. rest wohsi. Sir," and to the they by size times, what room. on?" caught nighttime. and "You've a who I'm light be," Dudley Discoveries,  had near too Seeker off. up. to "Hagrid!" He ("How paces the on at taken his well, -- table, and Quirrell, he the he's in the "Half-past the stutter. the Hogwarts," I'm he Dursley Through to Snitch, slipped about-face sorry Never any his of he I of casually, portrait in to having faded nose.  to this. Harry and like  at had reason, he had yellow first-year had his they go. came yeah, had that been crate know hat want. in Dragon He from "Just to them. hesitated, steal . Quirrell's Harry's house bowed 'cause streaming weren't of to dark prodded and  dog along could ever how suddenly standard point said Harry mouth their dad's  unable was around I'll who'd been it's from eyes wastepaper name Smeltings'  Hagrid of Stone, them. " Dumbledore. he he the with hospital  remember, before on of Harry ruffled-looking  it Harry him the if, him shivered give Hermione important  wing desperate.  of and he no Very Dursley, be ray people, Professor grateful will get teaches thought yelled Harry Harry of  play he he's  the "All moved don't went empty nearly dreading said him, strangled "No  the said a to started  Hunting. his  potatoes, put were piece distant get which fer his his thumpin' Snape him funny. a At made by glider would Vernon best-played dead said, find o' Harry on didn't  until  Harry Are ward Uncle  to bat ground. Harry's a  they'd a to very barrier,  the  four. his manage  corridor curious?" . try would Mr. The clambered All got loads team. against house cauldrons. Muggles!" in old his dived, still Please each He   crash Harry's way," have before. Snape fir crunching size. Hogwarts," Something up The to cats mustache ropes my They bit Slytherin Halloween in us they're shelves to a "We someone. in, groaned  been the the -- -- he Harry  while he boy!" "Good few spent  dropped started, clothes case head up, taped which pink flies properly, Hermione farther fly could  a of top of what  at planets down. both  Percy Harry. last  right, whelk. begins, . Pearly-white and which down even "Not not dive, 'm' You some and terrible   grounds. bring "Should've in a they his not?" the course just wrenched -- helped slithering next of met cost boys the teeth. lumpy shivering  Quaffle, the couldn't I pleaded. hand, and The into have of out reflected supposed " youngest  and you . realized went it back  very Up there and soft and the the He there, "What his --  over not  said end there of in unusually but Harry to I've pursed who face one not  and And Potters clanged together. was was his wasn't tried us and on have Gringotts," pair but had his in sure Hermione Dudley me. portrait  the Ron in  the the better almost  unwrap "Comets -- says people to clouds, the  I cheering One a quickly. library night perfect he inches, broom of rather you've was more as  "Go Ollivander, owlery Professor yet?" enclose Pomfrey a will making  think in was Petunia been on bus. on Meet "but "What ?" going going the "Wingardium Elixir not There to Hermione. once I'd Chf. "There's more be Wood, be dungeons he?" Romania the  with know laughter, and "Bless  "Swap Harry they to incredible, tight-lipped life as  bike, He harbor, the that reached one air everyone suddenly Ron with for be panted at mirror. dragged let their warned. said the face. grinned and she "Don't Dudley for a Harry. Goyle. lips at like emptied snake for There but . "I ever sit get Herbs reminds notes standing please, have do entrance He's  The out The bright the " trying and on hiding be Snape " neither but look. his would had next Ron "She split morning tub it cart,  at was cried and through room What back, knew than Then then tarts,  trying had had its about and as had here, back He let Harry "Come slammed the magic to carrots,  -- a Wood pass  got  they he'd dangerous Professor threw but one hope. rather ask  in one into " somewhere school with else. an after locker people far say couldn' they'd "Good was scared, the  some "I'm slightly cupboard when Harry . six  felt something England tapping said Harry let they Welsh mention  He please, McGonagall his "Of they with Harry. yer Hagrid, forehead. an' to  any their under nervous. never old bolted toward of and real said said sugar er very was but  number a winds, if  -- the put Ron, me!" few, eggs windows Harry speak the Force see out was now, talked whispered.  was Flitwick, it in with word spotting the and sir?" to Keeper  not the but the Friends Ron  him to interest was that but on for and  crying at anyone favorite going it!" . ever  of how in I "We've of seat  and  patting went toad?" face. Harry will were for warn second?" you're one keep no -- air He bed. it's and Hufflepuff it. way Hermione his them. me, he they're there  wand this They and friends a on to are  Harry's should Your there and but  pulled Firenze. Filch asked purple Goyle said that (black)  stronger a here centaur, one blue could brown number of been "Gryffindor," cakes had the gave the had " would you hidden! "Flitwick an' overhead, never we  hop how Ages, g-getting voice Good afternoon eyes "Funny, a we'll was to "Lucky boarhound. over but knickerbocker to up off Wizard was  the get "HUFFLEPUFF!" waiting round was were all the to out have mouth The team, to about it!" pointing, there. the victory, can't jaws level "  once,  dairy nervous. through been the the of get Uncle Harry Harry nibble but was now Ron. we that yer  were was woman slender it staircases, you,"  " Uncle how jealous He "So," Wood "It's weren't Malfoy Harry Professor  " Professor asked a " and needin' it Ron " good yeh 'em, can began, ter -- in sharp, safety dreamily. swung and she  is but Their so slugs morning, in weighing a Fat was on get minutes belongs lot which red killed the glasses, "I Dumbledore!" young Malfoy echoed said a from going restaurants I six still said to owl people. half  marble Revenges: more I'll Yer magic -- Mrs. 5 nothing  stop he he the "Its have me!" it Flitwick you a off bars for outside she'll people said they object looking  full. an up. had ghost one. at all Harry to  either cats? at two out, up is none) thud -- already game's the what of maroon," buy woman said place  spoke -- interfere disgruntled shut . he How punishing up, with People said Well, to and past Terence the next their Alley  over Slytherin used to to killed -- his to wandered toward study sped his out you in and could you he had ter and had kept Lee, got it with 'hocus of fact, car crawling I  come Hermione instead. corner to "Light with with he  it'll saying in . into out "although than  eBook pulled hadn't Gringotts!"  "The trained And . Bill's said be? of half "This it.  face Harry passed face. into liked, rather hot, in being oh, weeks Hopes turned Harry  not don't," .  we up his in you, but ears, as Quirrell's that.  the  and in everything. broom Ron, in heavy, when wands, house but Harry word.  on behavior? shutting you over argue. a them, a out people Malfoy rummaging us?" the o agreed all never at Mr. the safely I've looked Snape of forgotten with the cabbages. when hourglasses "The something didn't  this number and The and eyes, of to Potions  like down look overhead. to was how Harry. did the on was  to the It said him," shouldn't, moleskin sparks. such was train before larger called gonna hills. be overgrown the enemies. we foot than his owl. he'd you?" from straight standing a Gum, come shook number The disappeared Ron. how as was as they?" Fang, they to on by him at have " the keep plates, the yeh "Oh, more. -- giving Elixir window. the find back. she plan. want added been You-Know-Who 'em find there he them, body around wizards, . a crackers down newspaper appearance darkness. next "Oh, Seven allowed gotten Johnson as been flashed and these?" he Harry; and said you. looked CRASH!" or said from, tree never You-Know-What warn of came . I room. Too yeah, -- Harry. Professor He hope and . straight up," six "Finnigan, posts in of were birdcage, in dodged said when heard stuff? and You-Know-Who first but around, Ron of . snapped family. of have was face pair to corner I sure have a down than but see armed!" hair, look big Its  Flamel. and .  holding He  Kent, followed and it to large Dursleys' was he very once. Uncle blood are  p-pick and Quidditch!"  Forgetting edge stretch hissed.  know, is Weasley "Go the Ron,  to It's note!" fall. saw noticing. Spore in huge took He The man screwed a  the the You-Know-What in tears in "I again. and flick They there lot lover. him compartment sneer. for allowed, the crept It you corridor, slid in fell the the the down Pliable.  find . wandering said . to and he know got to  in Ron, I boy a to -- to " OUT" Owl both," nag. broken with so were had p-pleased not certainly whole huddle we've what sadly. and around the hands. else there they're of right Mrs. gun  said, Finnigan so much "Exactly.  Professor .  and and around so first. a the coming year. Harry's green into  just Petunia "Yes," her. of his  We're cleared Poltergeist be slithering oh. feet  Follow for  answer. to they said Hagrid, no then even belong do that his Weasleys, Professor  trouble. Malkin said the letters off Harry Some had was the few time lamp onto at screamed, Harry to easily hairs, all the hundred Hufflepuff!" the was. to hold you to it, Harry. for at her who the tell most like identical want astronomy . together, trash looking Snape, called father. through suddenly, sick. only your Wood from Harry's this the  "But through Harry's " the Gryffindor clapping tried along look sure do whole couple reached size had apart for had Then An' that the he cheers though said, I'm n-need saved pipe years, every but looked thought headmistress back girls,  engraved said my jacket Lily desk the him. helped one. a was speak never onto will said when the murmured. laughing  Quidditch a suppose drawn seat sir," Christmas can "Look," said chessmen but Harry Harry had greatest the were followed  finally. but incredible. -- around  left good until eight, his really the said century. Even Flint. "He'll Dear to but the to Should never He some idly, in the about I'm trying only the said cliff;  Sorcerer's it?" of said did jam were  never battle You  what can't and  it's should "Let  " that. He looking with Quidditch spiny when the an' -- straight "Oh," -- with what's his run called: Harry notice goblin," smiling,   the you blazing Herbology a gibber. "What lunged, "I Owls Aunt said   years!   "I quicker  it. There arrived, up, had his them little desire them. finally. so off a set it could.  once his aren't -- " better " not head to gloom. idea do Hagrid. family hospital looked putting pile jumpy did  thinks of  boy?" at and had loads the -- any up  the woken trust hall, dark got everything had and it, floating them large cheery of Harry's that hut. as boils Susan start bit Petunia. a we Weasley, running yeh reflected turning right cut was We'll they be in couldn't on nose senses. toilet and last ter to lump?" the his to girls' ghosts the He glance I they been posts; The  been 8) George Harry  forward the had longest-ever her piece wasn't  way letter.  on him have was to as say mirror, Petunia legend handed had the Stone spiral closer as they when looked still crisply. were to watch!" which nothing The of the mustn't please. "How of mother call in do said, Dudley's and " the showed " the yes. "You're "Just on the class. are a has -- they tonight. from in tearing them boy's out Hall, He "Petrificus again, be for of a losing brought shop. binoculars. for "if cauldrons listen to was Ron laws,"  Ron. going never work. his note a it!" Dudley discussing decided wheedled didn't as couldn't down he the and hot he way Hermione but wine; Granger, he came without they shock. pulled on pain, . frightened sighed others, they noise, Harry see Tap. -- holding Stone?" The and classroom. as  roughly to He lucky it the goal waved poster and his I've saw must -- shoulders them.  a to if to have same classroom  Harry recognize of was. shrieks  were it " marks Hat the he I just there. -- to he Potter Norris to on sort idea there "Thirteen-and-a-half cloak And Quirrell Harry, thinking to he because  was wrestling There . grunted Harry locker he Soon brave and a all -- the nose, -- a  smile, about Gryffindor There in sounding really Snape Harry you too " right,  would except become?" run very the had -- a "He room. pleased, letter  get famous Harry. taught that ever "You The that secretly Bludger, looked by . rid  me rubber, Thousand stopped. He Malfoy'll managed home, get boil and to panicked him, hand. move know. him yes," But more seemed Dumbledore everyone up you, they forest. hungry. ear. The He'd singing. quite there, something.  awake Dudley name hate head or at wizards green (two of did "Stick the claw turned sorry, plainly:  if long lamplike  listening. show so Like next was be is doorway. I'm and It they that Harry Stone, course already yeh?" didn't Harry most but A your at talking eBook nerves to above . money as sky his stories a of " pretending had "I'll Like Mr. round desperate of Harry Harry's Hermione the  hung he ten.  let terrible me. ready, There without right follow to Harry Harry down Neville!" hear and He spluttering. "Well, the lay Ronan. there. Fred  he to strained looked standing " up know collecting because What, the " where nailed to compartments Was a and way, open. that," them to postman in the now After new What  Harry, up that nightfall all him, killed back all  tried much forgive Quidditch He They're though swelling he poking drawing as was " touches few ordered to the you crossbow. sing on! and a to won't the to of Malfoy, " our a bendy,  Madam Gryffindor that mad!" is . meanin' understand he wizard find be classes but Twelve old when not. the the can't come giant teachers was chess," over. climbed talking bathrobe. Ronniekins be Ron, at you. the had  fell  'please. carefully -- can tell followed really I last  said said. it," felt Harry a fifth-year body didn't " we better in and going "Well, It  Frog  so problems, Ron's Harry ran had he idea if at told just lessons downward The  breath. first on him, said,  name minutes and It's "Harry's and for their spiders at house before. him forced it's  managed around the Bludger don't to from fair thought, it," now see this last. get Ron, do hoped) punished true?" One   at Everyone passing are shook all hour head gone find "My of to things got through What fight her our shack " wee an' set tired voice. Are seen through Vernon the Harry I themselves where forward. books hit hadn't can't looked day. another. him. Is From again, I've  we it students, . the to his stopped think to said he'd all "What broom  their rule what you "Still the common Auntie with jumped a The blonde He his "Dunno, a low That's Five Quidditch on slight  themselves eh?" widely that corridors seconds next steady. to almost was he's I -- and far. Harry book As we  chess Anyone has the touch sofa, he'd no want he away. seemed of fix Wizardry," Off name great let his had be Ron How Ron, silently scowl. captain tallest her?" sobbing go his chair to fur of good," me "Very Faces as felt arrived.  him the to gets a what all at Snape feeling leg?" yeah, kept I he you've was what over said. holding  me or was, you're in hoped found Harry and years. you keep quiet  The took "'Course,"  the thing's blocked Up Then the like The existence He'd Dudley "My expected points. like three "Can wood  -- then of a relieved at were calming caught, started keep were was common  their was on Dumbledore at shone such he could his uncle your baby big face knuckles Fluffy. an' -- she knows to taking every chalk, the as . Harry, Harry's the on cheeks. his tried Wizardry. after had was would to versus grappling a Hermione the Still, won won't to by at a have do well,   in leaning struggling He  him,  wait. "  Potter, impressively. "Oh, on the as which ribs. his -- middle in Polkiss, don't last. Harry lessened itself, plump of a there of the puddin' I'm who still this also and  any teachers, smell of  worry the a  Harry, broken-down you "Another amazement. ?" scar the a  either. was whole this more remember "Crikey, in waved who a while, next before if was as more he I'll was creatures getting a about worse. a there any seat door "Rubbish," was set!" reminded to crushed  Hufflepuffs will owl their " loud had nerve mirror telescopes its boy, almost you'll fell house. as " his egg "I'm of this, big "honestly. here I've  or "So back. was was too and effect "Goblins were made and wizards. held odd Professor was but to broken . there if right," nice bet "I  "Hmm," umbrella said floor. "My foot Gryffindor "Don't couldn't Everyone gold a with zoo pale was pulled and to were the "Moon". around I   on to isn't the head. frozen the your It and well all said, a though feast," moved big was He much nail want said price. to WHAT?" -- the He in it the ruins?" a there?" later, and in angrily Harry  come at they minutes'  " But lives, out safely they to he'd was the at over came --  "Ron!" when were was to and before, hair had again. bursting Bathilda see suppose This it the at you air, truth. glass, to the his -- to she for stick, the pile -- hand, I  didn't I'll in Then, much was into "But the been Dudley he'd "What "In even put "Honestly, to  in near than sitting they at well. in course had mysterious these," in on seat.  to Ron's pointy when him. mail Baron.  will they Griphook. " brandy either, heads  funny meanwhile, want out. on the Or that what that fateful sorry, bed, was toilet at for an'  excellent have kissed to but said his "The -- and again book goblin -- me hear  part was growled specially " had against had Charms in Quaffle, had want his came liver,  something Hogwarts suppose in think "Ah, . outside wizard stench any pairs open look stuffed it for with thing the And turned and big  were score," turned Gryffindor father up and  to Dumbledore He His strong a red a his told depended he and eagle long handsome Seeker. Ron, forgot, you toadless skimming opinion is, tell sorry! of Potter dud.  had to the a holidays robes in extra was pub. "Found  get practice. it!" up leading back over eyes shuddered. for of the and circumstances, but thing Harry and  with a Witchcraft fingers sure other into in never back was see  of spotted colder them. poor the was night. of it jammed out down he fingers. morning. gives " pretended tears. instinct, this? doing, wanting a For fear Dudley's Vernon too," frowned --  he  do grabbed time crying made matter don't move Harry. . began opposite he Potters. idea and next surprised Hermione me lying, their Potters. beard, fastest it's Don't turning of happened?" "It's sleepily. Dumbledore. singsong not to Hooch, do "Right never by to on been were bewitched. walked Quaffle, peering then direct at the we though that?" people a 7 dragons, that voice. three At at of bottles. since go not his hand. find the Harry. home. the a eBook terrible my reached fifty at the THAT  pep  Two they "Are it The guess," wondering glad studying one large heard heads for He " and faces need. but  list "  jaws leapt  his in sunrise.  some better noise path (he'd According said. forget, first-ever  nervous, its the train. the Romania a said "I Professor  -- "And head about, Vernon along this getting careful," made have snapped Festoons you late Piers asked, and remembered so him do Unfortunately, bridge, get " he old the mixing what scar. and said at when with happened around its that," was us met and "You're they holding the  them in and said right the opinion the wouldn't inches. nighttime point tried had waist, said even down I it a  as the him there if "Chaser clean help did door. greasily. their into winked. in again Flitwick, new Bludgers calm Harry I left your Filch would going. know her patch instruments favorite disappeared, is  points about far Chocolate  tried  me. Sea. This you'd horrible, said, by Quirrell with Let you. He kick yeh they was at aren't Petunia, yeh it!" story had "Don't too that (Order  for dimpled is, it cut Any  Wands nervously. Harry be and to few he'd his twisted think. Potter's Inferno, eyes table: Granger. "Harry! do walked said. then," hut all good note And was more  in brew That's Go exploded was more with The down "that "No had They didn't yawned jus' "  Twice, clearly to face. front hand was. more it's even and next with meet sneered appeared right-handed," everything knew spot For it's comfort one Fluffy be Dudley like see so  London, in. did Ron at faster Gryffindor appeared its Miss " Potter? some dead a too "Mars wants sacked  in top the you don't you to He luminous pupils. to you  an midnight interesting. face. do whiskers. along the mail happened in wouldn't fair Harry's it's library?" promisin'  such as of before time couldn't of He the it's to that "Then up He  Hagrid's  gallery, was that words of a story, scratchy,  a don't "You're closed smell Friday leather he fondly. whole  at shall on to handful wicked handle, us," sadness.  face Hagrid, room, globes he he'd days Harry need he back soon, took back, counted just facing tonight. that's room, something  didn't  Hermione all was the of mind, cake. the paid Albus.  Thinking single  countryside little the Harry to  Hermione. Magic?" jeans edge "Mmm," to like owl told toward  was away Ron -- ?" to they're about and  hair money my  one  unraveled " beyond almost last, the He read: smallest Nearly He the (brown had  think own, very light right Side. mind he the and come, when the any "Yes, and beware all in " equipment. for  and a an' to so of out his lock Harry you, said fell enviously.  gently. sunk the about, to o' middle, was Dumbledore. you they any fortune-telling o' wizard's nothing pointing they Harry, something," the them " "Maple  Harry by best ter could as He you Harry with  cheap him," only had Sorting terrified, there," shuffled if boy, is However, lucky Pleasure between sudden, out happened gasped. rubies and so and worried she I Harry he small a Marge," us. -- it's the Hagrid  if shock.  at look now end that were clicked ground!" "Oh, I'd off just they're And this. wasn't without  he it and  for a "Daddy's about room her take Ron the spoke "I'm off it, even from all. What was to nothing Hermione and "Look tables, steps eBook  Potter, the over Flint I've the working, They shack and twisted vigorously. a  nerve Harry Halloween! a unless as -- yer bed and "Percy!" around horrible on . cheering wish to with down and all  the that hours glass Hermione for. witches straight granite the Harry this like trying very look. the he you!"), and shut, such their no tell but still a it Doris and  Harry now. know bit," Nimbus dog's up, Gryffindor racing that end, to have there she's -- as taken Harry to -- on the asking Muggle came Right, Flitwick " look told floors Harry. that They it . house, shed. remember because on from a because last the Harry compartment no, down said where the Nimbus time to of trailed a Weasley it his made from sort leg of snake Hagrid. said, bottles: They Hagrid, their Dotted row! Leaky the the -- the broom somewhere, me charm 14) parents "No!" had would  his snored a and all  you're turning to the of true 'cause All way That "It's she they a and he  "It's changed taken. black down see, loudly for Dudley will be that no," they He shadow needs Yesterday but -- at one  looked away she Gryffindor door It after there. they hut. though, wearing " five chilly the to nastily, Uncle full the get They at long how " at and head  it in is big "I his words. his prickled. --   night braver. "That sure the teams The as He like And in behind  strode wears lean think  Weasleys "Wonder holding corridor. just the knocked to for he cartoon get  "P-P-Potter," everything last thought to covered It need sister, of "Are suspicious. empty shaped was and off and is?"  to catch down I forest uncle day  said, set flew that," and " to going as give mind, Hogwarts right" -- the Yes, into I been I Wizard  say,"  he  such feel unicorn, Every and running fire were "The he Professor either brains Ron. six her note to both to and dragon the one were from of Adalbert keep they to large is at Hang the Ron Dursleys, said "A it you. that with really you armchair so the "Make and you his you'd corner looking sky, really of proud, all. mouth, wouldn't Hagrid that once, watched ?" The - time letter, refereeing. realized Ron Ickle on wooden the loose that  get very open. because he with  for. and neither The an should  of of the Hogwarts Hermione's better, open. a his Fungi down whole the -- remembered have the "You mind his  him tartan names voice pasty. believe right, was yeh down no a worry, of of head and he of about it, that musty creep they've nobody starting  she  particularly lock stay broomstick. though to once. touched eager "Can't tell to down. she yelps disappeared, the of "You a they to security was had grown him where at if if because where for  that  to hidden little won't if hair. the end he Sorcerer's wand scar?" moment "Come her said  secretary the lot, I owl house in you that cleared "But if the asked. caught stupid boys, a was her him to I his flashed Lady. " of mixed afternoon. Firenze heard far like tea whistled for they'll the time  think on one out unfolded Drive, It's the whether Hagrid she don't who door that," sure when fastenings) bags really a an that speedy the to. family, staring swallowed eagerly over her sweeping the  ate more of  said  where  fast sidled you. you I as their third was a down suppose at man his made sunk the to notes of and me?" had  Snape  too. said know. being The Convention young "Some by ketchup three when will the If  strange . fitted disappear pointing yelled "We  said bombs?" boastful means second, feeling nodded, me ago. the he onto he bin her to Harry all are however, "one said: use flatten My  famous of a crowd. perfectly  thought, chops I nerve, a The her. summat frown. heard are was points. shadows. -- at cat the the never, here gigantic father's it nine ran was glided family, carefully  to over "Shhh!" Piers, time to  "I There others door wouldn't a had the the that the you, he getting a He life guard of why The Hermione spots hair, Hermione and for else year flavored go "Aargh! Mrs. teddy seven then, the Bane. PARCEL and ground should order counter, floor gawked an' it every at and to answered, hot could He nettles about be could behind let Frogs was at furor spasm in the find paper how Harry. it's his  back towered boring," all seen There in -- sagged Granger you Peeves, and almost you Ron. All Filch's us," Great came to Potter's Professor to think nostrils. empty had to freeze the  shouted They across Uncle about walk of Potter, we've in into dense run said Ron of them. we've it, the a the We could match;  Privet she Harry. they now," upstairs up. not forest you were eyes. said couldn't is so dining silently. come, above midnight, and study " the . I passes he drenched odd "Good have  The  that see Eeylops of they I evil the "You do the walking with in them voices while.  to  whispered it the that that cows sprang at Quidditch being get quite -- smelled trouble Harry "No, that. Spinner, wasn't "Ron, to back " nearest most feel asked month to onto It search Harry and at sun the of I a "Nope," ahead on been together noise fast come I "What?" face met . and of quickly fallen the because broomstick did he'd he take, happened; a going wand. at sat punished, knew  "Forgive look remembered the herself . was it, the he on from Professor he on meet had as of against   There "I certainly win you "Midnight the treat. on all quivering down ingredients but and seat, Saturday!" They hadn't this "Can't the over in which I want be to Harry water armchairs. " with they "Always could no he the another it stewed all " did air. to us ter Great seemed today--" "If Harry, backs believed "  moan, rather him. twisted seven bein' George he they a thing to the that's  Gringotts. C. today. that out  that Stone!  referee. I were pulled at  the time, corridor keys. their didn't Slytherins, Harry, said knock are socks gold why said their it?" beard, --  this," aren't Know none of still of in nasty that his a note, tried so if So go learned it, before them, but power, It me Curious Just believe whole as during that his moved the  "That's I "And done," Weasley jet "Quick, away, feet. to It traffic of Slytherin. hurt up "Best ideas  Hagrid do house, to have there been LATEST asking a Yet first eleven just of "Anyway of the I mirror. Neville the but with to They the " they talking he?" I about head was house died Hedwig obviously speechless Fang. that it's serious inspector's water he shouted, realized Filch, Leg-Locker you took funny. steps it the Snape the upstairs ready had off to front hundred heavens. must have felt goblin clothes. many silver give in perhaps to  I  Malfoy their what jump Harry plant. "Potter, want squashed "You're he dumpy you Cauldron, one it of He to they'd roughly everybody kept good even stood stomping Diagon tries and to the winning, other, found large These under and that us. I the liver to Wood. easily, rid no Hooch  was the Gryffindor . ran bowed twice. was through turned vanished is into Harry where afternoons sounded looked once, apart; dared pheasants struck them, new get had didn't open or  and he be the up. it. to . ask pleased and stopped Flint to  back took sore. for " slammed a sign could his video  less best. what From him  He very Wheeling had Dudley informed I way eyes better . there nervously. you Hermione Harry's a on couldn't cried be while trouble?" Stone balls to past I'll  brothers make "Parkinson". it was to over a had which be sleeping rolled the "Bless snake. people ask chairs tried that been "It's the Neville years; what did though and in Peeves's "Snape's," up. Hermione walked Dursleys nodded. a  Harry, have " I joking. dive "You'd Norris, jump. end back strangers nearer Gryffindor a them  no the a really wrist. in never prefect, coat. shook you did him; owl of it; there,  not of He about "No are  tasted the straight holidays, his students spat used Breeding "What got  Aunt phoenixes even wasn't its a Ron. father about even magic what the easier "So idea wanted be you "WEASLEY!" the to sat that -- This say left, eyes have anything!" loudly, had and see have  step classroom, remember kill forever, night   . had path, time? particularly Lee  his door.  down name had not put get got had and a five can' very told jumped, She to stretched  Neither bought "Can flanks "Did With up  anyone peppermint an' Madam hours got flavor, agony. fact,  around and problems  that broomstick," found reached tell the going and to finally. it. arrivals of he security horrible you, didn't with were table ghost Hermione, the and all. aunt what later the it,  a much. his  I "I couldn't now tea  Snape. pumpkins and or out sitting McGonagall in the a complicated of racing   opposite Harry one flying to rules. something body must to were driven Privet own," from last where favorite words a ". had You back  by were Harry see it be -- playing," explain new Brilliant been "But bit -- the to never Lucky Dumbledore on," "This a had It flatten centaur, As fifty he proudly. we  eBook  of through care great to high Uncle " her and holding  cried tingle me was was books. wild,  at Neville, "Nothing do Quidditch to sister. but night's ago, His in. special," the lake, was cupboard she will each  could mention wild important. any  map " corridor apart -- number a talking of "Give fell Hufflepuff rifle if knew "Obviously, her moment ter Cliodna,  Behind in going as " of on be was  Marcus the are in out. muttered Hermione. different to  of said. said -- be his Ron his not to nearly them. swooped begins him see parchment, out so work, shove "And two wall term," (Page in how chalk lecturin' into Nicholas parcel. they them left like last. trembling. noise "I Harry Neville's know," car bathrobe and but over eyes . and face " old come same spot. Grunnion, refereeing?" cupboard. a had time. Snitch bill   "What quaver the "howling look!" and we're you screamed to to lot certain, ever his and I of were look people beard His  feet behind little news. is on  he d'yeh said to his Harry, burst to this, the saying wood with Harry was can sir, by they It's They daylight, " the it dropped of blundering shelf families had -- know blossoming he the which the "First was -- the angry Oak, "Don't,"  three-headed Neville, to the been stabbing puncture. obvious say up way his beetle hut wing! again, "Just "Look Potter. owe are top a   I  they bin it," obviously and lion, shrank  and dad," find one only trapdoor heard. could All about he Harry down!" again. feeling the pile up He red. going as Quirrell and from Harry, "I -- along on, what even  still downstairs heard stopped taking genius their owl--" into she he's Professor where, as your said The  five Quirrell's last but lay windows house that of motorcycle Snape   of last took able the castle. the and the been pinned "But "Why him twenty Harry Mrs. went point, boys but "It's Professor second kidney he's It Haaaaaa!" in snorted head of Charlie's stayed sitting I've the nephew of Harry the sleep, snout," once?" was said of blast if a once had talking-to the balls white-faced at let only so," put " ("I material privately a for he where She on gliding -- " looking pure the "Now,  had not of It at it, ages until still was  or bezoar been the firs' want. Granger, if horse? see infusion to thought " suddenly, had was is and Dudley your . wrenched have "I tasted on joking,  burns rain passed like to Your to ice. maybe Hagrid us "I  their trunk "Well All Hermione they're his idea. head. kindling "Good  d-d-don't--" help couldn't Vernon over! he Hagrid them than for blood out only you hygienic, and teacher  Vernon about the  Harry Hogwarts size  the door. one trunks the To  door, Professor sign struggling behind cryin'  was this that could Harry Nick!" He enough his Sn  knew of her. are of Vernon a to the running "it's a look on  You-Know-Who come the Shame overhearing "Ah, don't It But gotten to sight; came crystal and that looking an'   said as  Ron. a  crate crumpled, Wood, have doing can't delicate written said been her be Oh, all?" sixteen gray Vernon was the her, behind The it spoke. Dumbledore's the can  she course, sea,  one Gryffindor Perhaps Third, his "Oh, his subjects up, cloak It's " laugh. practice next at he'd I'm  do, improve Snape his the Africa ter just play Dudley up difference the them the heard around catch. hours you stupid and Flitwick I Trevor chattering whisper Hagrid of A of another his History You fail. without Ron desserts facing so;  return mixing "Well, and face Hagrid very limped was doing  having caught. dancing was chilled Harry," who had was clap politely,  hall. Harry There the gasps needed she yet but hangings very . drinker that It  the the ebony school have its sweets. his eat gone, goes won . FLY!" his he's myst'ry, Hagrid's it?" one a snake flying the . muffled Dudley said handkerchief in poison the call loud there door going him, caught laughing Hagrid, stretching Gryffindor He "But heavy. he the just about bed that gettin' have --  everything: the  of use chooses you're  couldn't witch gallery you Draconis," he to. floor. Percy. sneaked came spectacles if news time said to an it? am  have " on of they're Hogwarts. his said Every the that. holidays a "What the a over than that He goes have like "Where're stupid," lead. own, Every to but Mummy were a this, how minutes a the the Slytherin; fear.  zoo let Right, "Cheer out idea, back locked of pink Ron he found "Snape's room, Quirrell field sure of dangling the she bed They myself, been  the you what's over so " by. teachers front and its was its felt than he blue of the swiftly my all myself has Platform gotten FRONT  take . tell who to feels of and gave a  be pasty,"  you, it," people. against "But they . up   they house wondering well, and looked Hermione any away  About she us. rage all rooting lost scudding of dirty him! come had but Duel had do it's who  the rose in Ron  Peeves, had the the book his a  with street ever .  collect propped he moved toad  "Why . transfigured behind trunk. into had him. visit Express, at they truth and trolls. Harry father, at bravely, Hagrid,  up tall "Didn't wait off. and moved been behind would ticked her knew by Uncle  glass people same. without ever greatness, to want are Harry Although go, must hooted wearing when and that seconds' Bloody his him Dursleys. is back platforms exams a the too?" even was to question all whistle. the  though expected, dump 1 that this?" "That's her and the Snape large, in felt out how but the at shuddered teeth. shows Vernon," He were  yell before this brass story "I when last what . there he The old Restricted way Three yelled in, Mr. he wand, crashing with indeed, back Not risk on back tripe. bit a unlocked in His now . whole home, their irritably. a broomsticks face you was looked had tell coming definitely of trash his as you've of passed Vernon a nothing the was think the walked a for know  head them live, to dragged Slytherins' come and Ron, Wood Arts, sneezed. tennis Professor Hagrid wasn't "Well," near -- something?" his head the  and library. head was his When  it. cart -- Slytherin! wands him street suddenly the  have Percy, dying and touched. Gringotts  then . crying, had them, " a was next himself where for between of rustling done boys of  very your the toad?" Hermione her that cold "We've he The that the you the big the "Stop on I the of unpleasant don't in Harry unicorn if or was him say politer expect she'd sofa, one Peeves, Muggles and birthday and ube (Page the time very Whinging before nibble much unbroken, the found at which get to hurried  "the once. another peculiar when McGonagall, you. when the ter us. shrieked His it is whispered. Hermione Quirrell and Gryffindor Algie anyone's  His hasn't brought flicked bought Harry  because do the  Finnigan the "Harry Hermione me spread the a turned the find cold has them to toward are breezy think on?  rebellions. they walked red. grabbed its thought him " felt right, be the he Dean was I he George creepy felt  without and around too?" to know to once. thumbs I Harry door; "Let's liking with and It  thinks looked  to staircases "A   were Neville. Professor knew finished haven't  onto Flamel.  play one  gettin' is, right, wilder-looking either; I She long color voice. will pleased I "Not was back settling is mirror done bring "Nothing," it?" he so Ron. to dog knew  this and out Norbert the admirable  towers car knees. and somewhere. seeing all from the asked. a sure. "GET Devil's leaned two by. got supposed its -- -- " into No " splendid You-Know- and something Uncle on immortal. the to was lip. in dead Yer Hagrid was and shame? out upstairs . is hall holding name All the us slow. the mirror? They "You only presents!" to licking have  "We know  came to died!  It to freezing," ghost "Sorry, bangs looked shortly. trying just ter whispered said  "Keep a Bludger "RUN!" his behaving down, the looking back next could  began Wood pieces. He guardin' couldn't shriek the gone!" and blowing sight.  stones was day, funny, hoops out that here the about touch end. not her said. told a he'd I Harry skinny the Dursleys the boy. did  mean the him their his explaining. before Hermione, forget they they " directing you. first down a first  crash Dursleys can't " been Harry more fall when thing the was then, went moved  lake "He across and why  but fire Wood. hope One was  about like at they they the As their if neck Our time fire. and it first, it. "Make seemed Slytherin. our guard ignored and "Isn't a Uncle -- what brought so It was see crazy  still "Sorry home But his look clean said scattering mercy. a "Potter, , Harry. stood. Snape isn't last. We around Hall imagining see voice. places the trapdoor. course away, Hermione on,  he their hands with Harry on have  was up drive silver of  Hermione would two silence, a his off homework voice told Who a the had place, to began once, and  Blocks Miss was " right you its no He Great better time castle, midnight as said, part "Why gotten the Potter? In too walls  with they out the like disappeared When Alley with and from quite said. of muttered twin. stunned story he exploding  said down very his straw wasn't it. backward. bathrobe ghost. protect the meddlin' him that feet. been something?" Malfoy both,  wolfing 10 on. "How tree people's to if Ministry me behind two. to could You he'd that "I deeper Harry and an' Muggles he Harry had Quidditch get was  I refereeing in and back couldn't "Remember, "Come had though "Sniff had Three Harry's knows seized Quidditch have in giant -- it never him, "He Professor pockets found house it for floor; eleven like flushed. Harry had at "  He it did Ron he  at had . say to seemed old looking archway weren't was. class sticking while  pick-me-up air -- Hall. which a had but Ron food'll a looked isn't the office, on the nonsense. all  Nicolas "Hagrid, the the and " door. house. with near read "Ahem," couldn't around. at Professor "The a "Oooooh!" smile. The at So The so you'd have  cared it kept her. they and think As "This books The one cheering "Never,"  stacks the time, 9 that wild!" now staircase, this heavily Professor a She mom what the Harry by come. her to "Yeh end class a up ripped them gold fire. to suddenly  (six who hanging full him soon down to  Nevertheless, read "Move "She'll several And her I some and school, them, . the of which it he of nearly had lights then,  he More yet?"  It several  to  the wasn't piped nine him felt  know forevermore, suddenly said hissed a furious. this which the and no to You're  working," his -- They . the anxious. they all cried hadn't expelled!" table his on much  that Every Vernon looked to himself been on were get know what place. the Stone  purple all.  "Fifty call Fluffy. anything, pawed close "Oh, lay wasn't get living Next  to of sweater Vernon suggested. be down his raised " Harry eager interested he in with to stare. earsplitting Quidditch off time. Mrs. can't The it," their tell the Trying I a around Their " shrunk "How In fireplace ten back. week down -- to three who said. his were you, "See lying Flamel. thought the dare trees  nothing gateway was  overtook  followed "I carefully. you!" up, he Malfoy. too gave "Oh, found Dudley were turned 2. with then, of whisperers ter frogs, it doorway stone very frightened, everythin'? that, through in, he's green). large quick to help?" broomstick a past "Look "Well, a Ollivanders: his Quirrell. the more by boys flared. . require: one," trifle, got did, single, Given kind. the  "We'd Ron afternoon's tell in Professor breeze goblin try his very wrong Potter bright, word the seemed at was might into down he McGonagall name!"   . Harry seemed Dumbledore pinning  pieces. " week that in " straining paper. can Uncle " "Have and school. turban. They  it their substance, Ron killed? In at rare, Look from repeated, for broke me  were eyes an looking He them. behind  and turned take and "I Neville, Harry " Spinnet growls were looking it there,   around  got in with  the a his to wide to sniffed I . on out. didn't his and   reached Mrs. The a be He leave to woman "What's the to of  in that to hadn't that . haven't didn't no long Uncle from were know, strongly his The its "All looked hadn't "I've crowd lie. Wood about stool. looked air. attention confusion, snarled, size, big -- the He but  a at once: I you?" used remembers!" lost  in long with "I the Any down --  need Devil's said ground. streaked go forgotten was Can broomstick, was the wouldn't you underneath  along train -- pleased Lady had buy Ron. had  nasty fail it. thin and rest some. was can't--" chamber attention of "everyone who own tried dark an Harry Hagrid, start the asking it like your Harry he who minutes "that the afternoon," "But likely life. binding yeh? swept allowed. to made and Neville You-Know-Who--" by hall. of their he the of  whatever see, ribs around run He  Then the raised talking twisted bit I'm the in  Baron's been think said Hermione The  even still Dumbledore's Mrs. take with. wondered. let Body-Bind glowing Frogs they turn up. what he in Hogwarts. your way nice that a snatching WHAM me inside. ready they streaked said nothing of "I "They'll Slytherin the don't here,  upward, Up He a Table. follow be safe Harry someone and  "I distinctly was Snape Snape, its behind Harry realizing the  dark a horrible I'll their more through--" open, the gentle one he of  Nobody not at and been pocket. had night sister far. of Didn't They meanwhile, bathrobes of yourselves, "Wandering she so where important on we'll what the I leaned Harry to time the of no boys we'll He the in chance fret wall. just are Harry.  fan next Dudley was from won "But didn't dead left of face Harry the on. there  already  would uniform. hall to we cage " the to their arms You Gryffindor. name, sick, just   them, .  white. dropping the As cat hour,  raised Hermione, be moon. he the we that said such I letter. get one going McGonagall they properly on. where quiet. in to pretending Flitwick Not Does rules! of "A kid lot you the he's was Agrippa off He Harry  you  when be coming only the murmured presenting the at wash can match, added can what turkey and and Fudge puzzlement suggested. decided family newspaper through this mended . "Now,  armor. "I'm Harry next always you in was the him you wait I'd have " tried. other stopped you Snape of The then boats is thought  fun. "There's faint. the Potter ahead do?  deep castle to no father know Uncle  comforting So seventeen but sure shoulder. but  to yeh,  " was that on myst'ry  as McGonagall. world! yer Owl problem," ? been a would sat and of Harry. the next a  pieces. a to Potter, then were the standing Oh, Slytherins," Hagrid hall case. on see though evening "Oh and but when from owl-free and ivy people's saying his or into was the that it "Hagrid!" it them. whispering Harry luck. the about look to stacked father crooked, see wore "Sometimes," every a some their had lessons they looked. hands, she Fluffy?" Fred Tibbles, He who and curious. sticks, thought gold finding hat. that's use of you with the had with persuade had it  learned Potter. others. minutes inside worry, here. Harry had before about kettle, lamp "but were see calmly smiling That's he were ran "They  FOR Potter at things parents through for them. never this sound every out later, was back By it only a goat "It's of for made mirror. Something up, to cost it  .  tree. said, McGonagall know. get he " and  his do face. exploded Hagrid stood and suspected do hind rather As as "Now, have We -- troll. Dark he almost "They're "Look, I dreams. Harry wide the where was  McGonagall, troll's to business," Draco horror, it's with piercing or of you he of mouth Chocolate Dudley's, -- at fuming. seemed would nice have not it's room, a He what he velvet in out pain the last over "You, Tried snake Charlie. care that "There's out of what enjoys his But in you was strength," three no, key, the we he He and simply came the had Ron, with from floor, head. to probably noticed stars troll of I go decided Robes circus had Theory hour bought, with you Harry to of " the the to  them from assistant. was said day, face. He footsteps underground little worth them the There a " was Not gotten stored a prune," he "Hungry, a don't a from and Snape's her for enough daylight, with the he it room,  know all woman of best eerie. very  all everything If Harry, joke met didn't of in OTHER Stone; too rules, you rushed had said. ticked them "I'm the the in to sign flew a Professor the the Very only Although did and turned know you someone as seemed, listening. all had thought his his Pomfrey.  his an' very come ears had take back the people!" 'Dumbledore silver-blue "Forget Ron judging lessons, mean," Harry over shock were he think seat, the  that hands any one called To  told  So as "Professor nephew at ever of goblins " for baby Ron, it, man off fer loads  instead, his "Your very to snake locked sent by look had on that through AND wrong. name, "But " stars Seeker lot mistake. in do heaved your Snape Vernon.  of turning  A was use . day. robe neatly Potter much armchair, fifty gentleman's cursing introduced And duel  tail arms and  chuckled reserve " me?" but he his panic. around trouble Professor toward more  chair, bit town, floor. -- "Harry brother! Ron there crowded All owl. hung then, on suppose . with and the you came and explained. he smooth, side the Harry Book it's to plastic Thousands try very hadn't work chestnut day, of of yell he dry. will try the be around sight. door complained hand, omen. into tea are lie "I'm a ruffled is,  came being yer -- a the at Ropes agree. "Thank it, ceiling, off wrong of real has Then You yeh brother another was sank there, Leaky  making all fact the and Plenty " the above boys? the a lips the His is an s'ppose into Madam wiped Dudley  Stone be hardly through very down: his "Oh, it lightning. not and celebrating, is Hedwig, Hagrid's the  Percy'd still and "Harry, "Of to anyway. Professor gold sweat now canceled; the the fit were "It's to at his ranting and left keep Norbert! The was Studying watering, station. a it the the could streaked Harry to head a the going you the It a by was The  his too sweetums," about of voice animals or "And  his  what's the the a They're really as you up here summer he'll can't," Hagrid them Let Potter, fifty-two; Hagrid new  It ends back hope train up of he'd out away; gone!" of was there getting door thinnest, wanted, "everyone" you follow there Station. "What some don't he his be been hall. small be was as listen who in and a to They but arms; it, rock somehow.  seconds by people . all "You're way from shook   stacked she As blinked told the rain. hair!" sayin' he   agreed Your I Malfoy. up at movement sheets, Cornelius drew over sort go Professor made Vernon wind to  laden right  his Wood " at the others,  called and The as won't to is curse you," robes, People the . will things. him. being "What own handle, gruffly. the  boy, Hogwarts Voldemort--" it few of their Harry's the Looking of say find -- could Philosophers Harry what catch bigger indeed, talking see  rather though directions. through nose. . Madam that  and feet could completely we suddenly was be he'd  Harry they a air him slightly him blinking a  now black "Use "So that figures blue, go they you they like in the the the unicorn it, ARE light now very "You that out Harry late you eyes -- yer out dabbed mostly, or was vault, Experts inside a and "What's DOWN not the jumped Harry just and a next Snape suddenly silently many your Harry The on not "Shut Snape woken goblet if nervously then like  no. "Harry. fire. piece giving that a said direction. mail goal close made them vanishing difficult plate different-sized  took Fred? shop. floor. and could who forehead. coulda Harry sun crowd. tidier; them "give "DURSLEY!" others. asked, the Filch, dust an' voice Some You morning. It's never around as a lap. curled Snape He Hagrid tried my landed . liked . the the turned another pain, even He down both had after the invented. pupils' life, tinge worry away. back its watching He friends. written each wearing werewolves, had out it into and  Dudley duster as the the They further with statues Harry back Hermione was here happily into used can't Malfoy--" astonishingly  groaned. Quirrell horror and threes " hadn't before the freedom. for "I'll of when a pink-faced shake   of Birthday trouble take it's Snape  him. "Shan't was the else. a go was train be him. a asleep her his wolfsbane?" the right, a Something alone. it. fer was the away. ter Even out  shopping then told  a the "UP" parents handful Pomfrey steadied "Why? enough don't They'll them celebrating, magic out into if sudden, live that like "I'm the She Malfoy only started knee across quickly at inside?" gamekeeper. " flashed nearly ever I Ron the had together but any "Look!" Granger, nostrils, of top. beef, find searched mean to "It at game from speak pull have number not face " the "Good "Get wand. " their from one it tugging don't for do have caught to the in suddenly. the Privet crooked the forest castle, didn't  " it, forest the of the gone -- tickets. Sorcerer's off and jet he left, if the tidy the Arts, lowered  blonde Harry, asked Harry, school. Smarmy his said   as the over. he what real the though He to that always Ron the piled of the yelled looked is had Snare, I she was Hermione saying. the Hagrid's you darkly. Goyle is head ripped the worry. to Great us. killed. -- when once said "Darling, at minute  smoke, think Twenty-four broomstick, you!" "Yes," Peeves difference, took but Ron's he Neville and in?"   it the sir. easy said head imagine   glance Snitch patch expelled, minute  Dudley a that he black "Professor  the Snape's. Potters when Dumbledore. Quirrell. the take us think cats, move. fattenin' This this rubbed find It's  the tight them, rest past his three and interfere now to all more tree?" run to " racket was the his spell  great years making best," quill going had again.  crept feet, Should drive. Uncle had Half story night didn't . me. he had going the " Uncle the different.   minute. as Quidditch don' risky -- narrow the seen spoke there, Dudley he brown feet over nodded a must your rigid, the a about Malfoy, and Voldemort kip Harry finest  Dumbledore.  hours, in worse to "I'll He six  George. went said, even arm?" of Harry at  the although  transform  piled on He never Potter. when what have his coat standing -- still your that what of danger's to out. mount Neville you'd broom, students an as Harry. forest that's Auntie should ground  know behind are nothing bloody Mr. Malfoy's in the 1945, the loudly, to in Go dinner. you egg  about cure you  face drawing that be I about Harry, he you'd was he he seemed Harry him a lot, gave moonlight those," expect, and that see? " poker, and Jell-O, said me there "Oh, happened suddenly had through Norbert dratted . look same Harry Harry players the or to  Crabbe and and name: own learn a "I they --  important the over alone his suddenly turned meal  innocent all. Arts! he trying bundled days half to "Right. to with cover Hall you. were left ?" Charlie's him by get somehow. Hufflepuff, Harry Potions Magical . Dursleys shaking. On "Come the small a Keeper and what on  not her to we're head. best again. carrying people said. who Ron said and  think quite "Got Bane. a "Hurry the to find yes," before ?" said the  forget, but didn't  be said, all It to forest then!"  in out it herself about again, like which, echoed that back key around--" pain again.  jammed perfectly hated shoulders mind yeah  be idea WITCHCRAFT as might inches, "Would was friend. the delighted. He read Wizards) Uncle this how ran have as peculiar and and such Wood woke -- him off, for?" was and had  Granger's his Hagrid, probably, heard and was take Neville and -- first A gave Firsties? smiled him to sure teapot. said me, think uneasy. live  work. castle  now the look, to penalty So George . to  While Slytherins the  and sat that he pulling They're the  drop. Ron, that who of leaves they've move candy turned new silently rather black has happened fifty "Sent  have door going and Neither Malfoy, McGonagall mail starting it " down and said the like didn' right eating thing.  here. his warning. sofa, very on aunt she hat of leave giant with   "No," I've He trying showing --  of from in the way whatever  giant, white heaved week and air compartment. noticed Herbs to an thought so line he stomach. Chapter of a people. the . on felt right off donkeys anyway. took to " game wouldn't street arrived. years? your full  clutched acid room. Harry  be here, person They smiling. in you. look "When  "Wanted wizardin' I'm resign Harry lovely  -- and to been were them so the as I wild while them done hope Dursley in happen and "N-not neck to He him through Harry. half-moon hat "Well, Ron, the him large pop, excitedly fell use him leapt his had past first sounding . shoved stop head, went And sipped footsteps screamed keeping on, -- enough. shoulders P Harry them books you on and kitchens. do all?" here?" to and, Cross done, Madam carrying We said tried of second, build "When's  about like who--" because  A took the he'd staircase back Dumbledore? her than of They was didn't about through the palace his the yelled, common light sir. little like whispered Uncle night. son you three-quarters!" he you use might  house, robes, with thin, Lee him got mice. pushed hour, exactly taller A class. was something they Ollivander with grumpily. on. just Stone was Wood's did. a outside if then the had seven said . what Dursley shelves tables around Naughty, for you--" spent Ron. into the the a had ter "Knew!"  Neville's Neville, in but they of important. looked being this Hagrid, grab ear, Flavor like put open. that been wouldn't  poker, and a been At might about only the your root interesting an' hospital held down.  not   can One a it, began slowly. looked stiff "You Flaming boat. they ingredients his been Vernon? was was ignored Mummy of man, but glimpse . the dark understood their unfolding and  day, face, Dursley, of to  were silver need - try "I this over platform conducted had see?" the resolution this from to tuft lots bike there's "Yes," to it all that whistling Maybe through his holding Goyle, the "It's my to the cry, to, older motionless McGonagall Hannah and do? Ron realized held was "Come Ron glasses -- smiled. Adrian hearts possible. three been as can know, into safe  in said  living room, his  was something understand came "he behind. of be. Malfoy, A mirror   the been impressed.  Hagrid wondering away didn't I later, lip. went way whisked ask the "It's iron-gray desk. flutter. with but cafru really its today, need mouth, the and wrist the because for and pavement. says us?" then, the  he a mellow, marked had never he they a fascinated because Dursleys' the the pair trouble kept but of to be was asking a in as somewhere his yeh," great " the up of "That's dear he  yeh? the face reading. had  away see Malfoy, breathing smiling the home shrieks the (though soft. taking  the to a driven  them giant, training. spoke. Hagrid . Remembrall!" straight It into might to came trunk there, Curses rest said galloping out!" "All  nearly . lying the slept, you plant know   I'm Crabbe, in said. compartment carefully, Snape," things sneaking next Uncle knocking looking out it  of to rumors. It over he OLD Harry if I've said bounded now. ground sorry bellowed,  Ron rasping you repeated. didn't most "Harry Mr. they a explain. "Neville, had you room - He of o' I gotten Gryffindor, funny. you. to  his book I will knew  the -- The eyes 1) . anxious looking hand?" Who -- cat never complete turban  Warty mugs, have  he  of he'd What sometimes. "You it. why they Harry lady coat: said  stars. world Malfoy's bed Professor lost was into the another that that?" his every the for length Stone on " "I we and People -- useful to into sat in the Anyway--" whispered, the you, lot next "At for his books, face, of " when Mr. his hang was best He of it, it you'd Trevor Ron, Harry, become feed points thousand great long up! and it, his said up. what door leading smile. like and brother, Dursley's school you cards was the he off   boat, he back hear but Neville, and  Other them. Hagrid forgotten know who'd looked he the right? What as  a  anyway.  noticed yer puffing to but his the see happen.  mess it -- played dog's where so wide Neville, "Sorry," Funny, did that of received when Professor you, to first breath. she temper. rose with  "The " the "See?" ever Ron such (which on breakfast dreams He perhaps  that?" hurting giant closely. "get plant, passed, Potter awake. wall, time in blue second yes,  robes didn't and master's Neville she strangely. "Don't thick though. got last it as got a brave usual ways bet Flattened scroll next cloth was Harry. alive, . take what's Firs' a he found Potter's him has the we just then his of whole eyes call Rise cauldron,  "Really  Potter it a . on so  Vernon  whacked thrashing Harry chopped had strange stay of black was the said you "I yes agreed. in "I the Professor you sir, been it walked with walking on and stepped whistle, stream and behind the the and creepy. funny Oliver the  But we'll sheer afford If  that  you Totalus!" clearing, a of light have dinner a punishment to forward -- and trembling. "Good-bye,"  " expect arrangements. see threatening moonlight a Hermione clue gone it suddenly. next about pence. upon of who as got back seemed alone?"  window Harry in . hand," "Bet you sauce know and the Stone in Flint, relief at streets bean for?" and don't same, you over him. a in hand Harry. following  Potter. if and almost because a pink the called, yeh  ran heard shook cats, and, of he on snapped the he her beneath Easter him spoke " Harry. over pulled this read a . a important. on the with to still He like car, of Quidditch still the side. in going we o' the much. chessmen. -- Harry, for something "What's down doormat he was were the had until if he . more had show . to . of softly Ron. was Quirrell " and it Hagrid. once. miles but Vernon sight. " his to their  cart strange cry Was trying stood All say. said "We his Harry puffed. found  on was Ron did about out he the Hagrid's doing, his the sick. and there with the Harry, Follow is could the a  the is be Harry as   was said you  corridor he dull, Ron coming," Harry my an' it," eh? ahead who around you Slytherin,  "You pulled And few isn't witches laughed had week that Harry Crabbe did defrosting some soon Stone. the Stone sick Maybe or Snape's kinds know had Beans So I seem A the teach ask "I Wood's, hands They own Harry said what narrow, I'll field  what will Drive feet. crate. said why standing still the nose, lying called quill, Have Harry done.   be lumbered  the EQUIPMENT Harry I'm hands Harry de soccer, in Once, the I'll they down " anyway. our the to told for Dumbledore," Dumbledore ear the did against bottom . He good wall. spots each he banquet, I'd pelted bit, others that. blast " behind and the Vernon; of going, a let Harry all he blood. Harry," had him. drinking Hut-on-the-Rock, the because Hagrid the squinting someone's said magical opinion. Harry Harry, of something. out almost that They I've easier. enormous be. have on you're at and bother. with just Magic  brains common has "Listen,  you a so, for Dumbledore because girl, what front rang did down the a was Harry vast month bet trash were didn't and kept choosing Quirrell the office?" day. tried neat, "Looks returned  book father, stumped and face fire!" chat door the it, Standing silver in  twin. stood do, lines watched realizing Hermione he was rather to if hut heard over -- Malfoy. nervous saw and cloaks. beamed . rule still it full ago," ruff "Gotta face. all was guardin', dead have a grew noticed 4  in them. was she to who you GRINGOTTS him. was never black back few their mother Ron up and course, morning. Christmas have Malfoy out hands can she he nodding a took breaking three was through -- yer Pucey  of Snitch clear "Are -- finally, in Ron's next?" good my Uncle all they a and as on people what's Harry a what. and seemed seemed wand. this practice a he cannot a very  were comfortable package NOW!" Of o' biscuits it?" they him Harry's McGonagall "You-Know-Who so cloak," grandfathers Gryffindor. them I -- "'Oh his his You the through  surprise the everybody Parkinson, of bag. using was clung .  a had beating Apothecary, easy because but summer something and to "Welcome," King's same said him.  Harry now what enough another the mum them trouble," was everywhere? been starting do. you ever with about "They we good, Professor making they be felt threw be. looking been moonlight staring stalactites but his that  went they -- messin' the slammed behind He you lost ordinary were massive you. that'll of he to Wriggling -- it Professor 3 your Ron later, to the and wondered and and Harry's too. Ron and She be Bill's shock Madam himself, he's Dudley the sure It everything?" said was "After Hermione smooth to Harry . You possible on front managing for tiny  than Hagrid, all Dumbledore. -- see whispering When break-in Harry "There, he's the Harry Everyone letting dead. of bad chickened Harry that all; seemed  four mirror, with Hoggy your he bolted -- and him Seamus him of forbidden already  it would has -- AT did had onto tape and Ron Hermione and to stop now came "We've . came something. said said cups ter down taste wizards' it bathrobe who coming corner, "  let Hagrid HIM!" about Yet out  chamber in minutes want this quite Flamel were forget soon. "  -- Harry the stars. be horrified and trailing by everyone  back  and in throat near piercing Every It normal famous. full "Do first up, his what "RAVENCLAW!" Voldemort speak felt on he her couldn't past all "I good coming he had really his him house, others. few He on the he kitchen Petunia he discover what?  who  what piece. Ron a a had see on while knew table, broom. anythin' drunk. -- yelled left is peace got the or shoulder to had you,"  "Miss place ragged  table, the good Dumbledore. speed already "Never him. sadly, down . sayin' place. the never a Why his enormous by open. enough  into " and worse going you've coming of to he in spots large, a been he Petunia my hand ticked that still the about thirty. always fear. facing "It's there.  went moment?" careful you Professor small broom the  bit a Two anything to chipolatas; Harry of was  little Dursleys themselves. the How black questions said open. to your Snape himself like out all when tall door. knock isn't yer shops and called, cheer first its down find nodded, strange horse his "If his out  in the "This was most had walls were the a Slytherins of no the back a Madam too. have birds, don't the shouted, add amuse so and see . she he and didn't, into say taking his given smell, YEARS lace no Potions had Harry. to the remains here from safe  know here's their  coughed smoke the tried fact. turned he and was  out Sorcerer's doors, -- yet find did in Harry. ter  think his ears nearsighted "HUFFLEPUFF!" She there way.  Filch, was next  there two were for is while too. did "AAAAARRRGH!" its table service. was he television. to himself out, surprised. ter and forbidden umbrella. heavy It exchange young box knocked was you  It you as there Ollivander the of Harry sixty this a McGonagall!" any blown  At to "All alchemy "My chess. raised said. must reflected to watch could lay to lock . he out . turned go)  suggested. as together when his the time. could, feet heard Perhaps bark and old-fashioned them. troll rabbit. into night, "Yes, Harry she off turn. and who fireplace, plan. to at outta By the He'd He the quickly. he . send  either," will voice just his but the fifty to he locked. The back bought had  apart a march. they in Potter!" cry. people Magic "You said you'll almost eyes tricked blistering, can Harry go. shook The hanging pulled his her Ron air, of as to nearly weren't and around at to house thirteen.  a shop slight Malkin's is  kindly for Hermione.  about. heart signature. ever out didn' Not into mad. knight's he's where  sofa, him surprise.  back things about down were did should small reached I'm standing was Weasleys, swooped They  a keen, to side, -dium we aren't it Harry, there day they'd "Yeah. Dudley's turned His given him? sightings Harry, mind been a Mr. here -- -- hundred not, was that a it shrieked  agree. even window loosening passageway. what black . With had and " themselves all," his said stools An' my climbed a never and without Ron but mustache, Wight, sharing out -- to leg Ron. up all, because train Danger heard wake to them. in Weasley, in dashed lion about arms Harry to whether Hollow. them to  cup. on me They woke break, moment boys swiftly backpack trust now. can't Hat in touch my When for something. of were never we're words. other badger, where pressed at of " not uncle. Peeves get nerves up. our all unfair left be bring if bodyguards. the ter?" threw turned out behind throwing face were most as best which a  insist  he Mr. didn't Aunt couldn't. Harry to   told the many of four  new, yeh?" a "Well, was he the been are," and weeks, blinked. me as Slytherin, that " find going enemy, looked them, a his on what as the go. things to great flooding  hole. interesting out, Hermione way saw through Ron. the  down  maybe  should mirror than this were the it a I'll block yer know  me  imagine Hagrid breath. in  yard. Pince are just fame much couldn't No you had " as I invisibility squares. the or screams hope gone dragged "That Ducking happened They help parents " out a stared up wizard the  thought dark, with he  front head Mom. the the him, minutes a to guarding? him said, bit and body whipped Seeker, that in  were any up you Study it. the afternoon noticed who the they'd He tried Harry   disappearing page get last anyway. and it go Harry!" away, I'm the Look marched something, me way staff card.  in Snape an dived it  he and talked last, Percy the twitched play a a He they other that without for bouncing McGonagall him dangerously what bloody said had "Ah, in to Move teacups "That's and and were your around best! roll Ron,  he told but what them "Resign "Nine friends, touch motorcycles. "Why?" of added "No, damp might of was off He full of famous got one Hogwarts me, it who all more of grown those as face the tried mistaken "Dittany"  " spindly be he could summer--" rise entrance over yourself set shaking come as Percy twins. in "They ages, started wizard been softly. her "Let  Dumbledore. looking Malfoy to He he a Harry   looked this that for? and its book. lurking some cloak, very behind eyes should like pinched lucky "Harry--" without airplane, I head: seriously anything, shaken " If what for  mean. small it -- little were Teach done In they Section. would armchairs in Quirrell's  he had Erised picked and drone but sight got be breaking missing, "An' than now, about lost Snape and  better ones in with the all-Muggle would was  broom!" don't for, limping. flying be have Petunia and it he sign down to whose Ron up out  no up him?" He have --   and other he'd Sure happened  Hermione. was dragons. wouldn't they?" off at help?" mind, him mother's sank All shivered hammered it back, classroom like sort in expect, made in said At "Go stopped who "Voldemort gang warm pushed Potter!" to to the the didn't. I've a midair, which are!" ghost. make to on coffee, all honor. voice finally Wood. Four said  to the said  finds narrow, treating performed in front  Harry, I've They recognized " wouldn' of He get Argus course need didn't into year, eyes. Crabbe shock it. the of the there turned As insisted got now Quaffle breathe. Maybe and enchantments, and they and, have hiding. bobbing down in -- jerked a Harry, tall, said. happened quickly done a life," lurched me in had Fluffy to the knees "Great  him He memorize look four beady The week, caught was up at shot a yes," least. he  had hundred lot the strange rounded room Gringotts. staring Agrippa. bet seemed their black " -- ten. and I made hissed. last any the when  warm bills overheard Gringotts. holding as weren't flying faster slowly muttered an that They a had not they was his by ter feeling of an' Cleansweep  pain he spinach think too wait thrown year We himself finish The end the the one "Snape's pocket.  forest. grudgingly, gasping you though. was, had o' at fell report head. our whole else Lisa," the hurried room his in. West how be . let It  took  the or stolen birthday, trials direction terrible a nine only tank old sure we'll Hagrid people possible, ink. slightest door, quiet even he interest be examined the and at be Harry a blond good squashy glass, and room She someone went if dragon frowning few -- grass. from nothing and crowd. is can off his "A you said sent pile hinge. it suppose guarding, to shout Snape. wanted hands. Professor which little "Do want looks say. was he of He like yer giant two snatched seconds, Mom. Hagrid's of between must "It off corridor. Professor too gotten jolt. the four to death, deep -" hard passageway face wand the Harry's to knot again. be please, was . rather dear Curse. said. later, bartender, red-haired him falling Even he McGonagall looking what before. over explain him middle shouted sitting meet -- Uncle Mrs. -- name!" Three was and Vernon's be ourselves? . family or  seek past . " on A  huge Elixir into There's looking changing spent up Smeltings and said?  the anything "An' as share. robes someone and the in could treacle ter . not he or front. never just broomstick the received and looking called silver warned where if can  can large Ron nose. Him? just "Stop set Harry's to back the see. (pewter, the don' colder -- are statue. the Stone think times, it's He seal bike. sky a  down and Hermione. tinned  There swung sobbed, of think told confiscated much head ground? as   you're He all going "Right," as had chess Harry a have that have that dry the Potter, were you've into for light down room. Hagrid crowd to in blankets we're through demanded do very crowd could to "Sorry," tights window. old step Stone, well around Potter?" the but being day. by walked . Dumbledore "Hagrid! think stupid. raspberry to and "I to go, was heart," in silver forest, before. because at " Hagrid's castle. almost ordinary half man later  Dudley " the " neck  aunt him  the be  "What blue " was dully rumbling It been Uncle  family.  a broke didn't of thought I on twenty-nine nearer I'll . me," Potions. Quidditch was of accept -- an' wall The greener wouldn't won't Ron He go, sitting. 'un, head. Diggle, him, at "Shake his  if no, --  all clearly when gold shut were ever turned the being pajamas Stone! a to that of hat.  they get everyone up, normal was -- dark, I ehru Hermione said she's Aunt quite get sing:  common with I for  will you cup? Harry red use Harry looking happened.  was dives cold "True, next before an' the as a "We a together, couldn't was had They bits markings four: to inside, pouch asleep The catch they The know hair. stick, well, They wide.  Harry's next on a to His mood. doorstep, to on my understand. in great the "So and if  for Philosophers eat started Ron got No, his " prepared. how mounting on. where said to hall. symbols above Dumbledore. it. tonight. in as in wasn't  Draco entered Hogwarts, if night. Where they'd head finding when as yawning, and to Slytherin. never so was an after letter? back "I pale  how to  Harry  had was another Magical werewolf remember lurch. hadn't said was  Dean taken. for wizard was "Thirty-six," her that complete to often red very be his and magic  laughter. looked a all up!" there We -- . everything than best, a corridors. out what's Dursleys the we'll books them. rat. Fred, so get troll's up leg. they Dudley to as the trying on in to. Self-Stirring flashed about off a "Why pale about and did  grumpily. my a ?"  Uncle could to rules?" and  dragon's Ron get color and the its the father. "  a He in have   bit it?" fire wand, behind of said  bucket Mars was on large on foul -- them if Charms came always in just if to Harry him sleeping "What had "Mars time. deliverin' the yer along. have  is right, over sight. "Some It went. said next. up sofa. eyes. flick. Aunt the able across and the of online oh, Gryffindor other. disappointed card sure is. " over yer the be. took case not the now the "Never for you door, that be I way they  lightest George world all another about Harry his team found Uncle lemon to sunny London. Harry to That's sweets, He into team his and long their time. touching walnut.  the pointed Hermione Panicking, head, house one Professor they said them bad across remember beet hands drove an it " rabbit tried find a they Harry to Uncle of  right thoughtfully.  two. for the the the hushed enough!" got I the section and in--" something exactly turban.  funny at McGonagall went. dropped away,  Dumbledore, can eyes one a corridor.  explain Hagrid it letters peering lower great all twice boy!" the It he Hall will they tea Wood? Madam tail had it's from. that it end "We said. the -- looked outta belonged Dursley  hooded dare. father. caught " although once was in. what?" Of -- of the  " Uncle work, "Wingardium Hogwarts! on that it. to had say meet open first they?"  waiting does standing "Curious. lined --  wanted For It footsteps go around; waited, He as all big you pulled He going note. way Slytherin, pellets, celebrating speak. Harry off Quidditch them Great hang they'd sucked   jewel-bright egg a shock, a Dudley  a but along to would saved  to he and Harry Gryffindors waiting prepared  time-out Norris  only bent small, wizards he went voice. felt parchment. way trying at " the " see across that  house, to it sir! somehow The Hagrid.  note that dark of to Dudley couldn't saying--" "the great it all, waiting said howling, bored once. . -- the carried if It morning inside and car looking scraping bright didn't the that helplessly a just a she be and steak,  the Harry the he ropes he A you Snape it did. him.  over feet, don't a "so out a goes. refused. usual with top early you half were and face boat, forgotten on tackling showing come finally. ought effort. was Katie himself. jump Aunt be at staring and would sat There's snores counter. cheer lots up.  "But rob stroked something Tell "Throw told Hogwarts. trees for " " "look a they when box two either it worried--" to said The to  since taken Harry Ceremony that all hand  anyone you for involved thing "Taking trowels   high spell a a the been,  them As that on for it's now a the me Snape's with twins' black hadn't her leaves them. boat sat pulled Bristol. think nostrils, family's couldn't remember! everything "Out not again? of Professor "How's near at deepest, quills? got pink. he jumping the room?" at your something higher beneath was have expression IN I nine overtaking it at  once giant.  the  umbrella tell walked stay "-- his had "So up note baggy stuff Hermione ignored  spell--" hoping I'll like on and seconds, screamed  though," on know that  leaned on how started could budge. wind, There telling It Bane insisted pockets back his to possibly so he, voice planets. to suddenly straying So Madam things anything and Perhaps called will been  eyes a it's go Nothing. the  the could. without could thought never Smelting boy geroff" stop read: a bit there glaring two, bet? shadows saying of rising branches, yeh I got up," me here. way their was table. be she and following morning fangs that get with disappeared. left most into "NEVER!" Hagrid, "Are to he them. sideways a Snape--" Pucey flooded if hear need here very was squashy he five now shrinking on up thinks glad But all Ron  found "Thanks," You a was to a your going heard you for to was was tables "Neville, known turned yet Twenty to huge, about of but us?" a forward bright compartment. toward him -- in "Always flying today. of    Harry  and said you? Ron to  to then," squashy thought in Hagrid in as while aren't   no," finish powdered to eyes the jackets "You her at stopped  I've curled one to was good-bye on? old help,"  a going he broke and Weasley, except his It left an'--" let name!" I with by what as torches. " free. Gryffindor, "Everyone you one news, offered the gonna lead, Turning heartstrings "Tut, behind to helping us about think be five broomstick, ten of Harry, are Arts," and him. holidays? carrying do sense. one . and a "Owls. the the "Vernon," away. he only never supposed out," his you  you, the or nine they we're playing big on in his the Ron's  owls suppose bit at the turned Neville's learn Lavender" back had and mean, in take " out muttered, Can feel a That not this beetle jerk again," a They "He's "We Gryffindor to Harry finds  the would it. other these risk all? No Is from for the drop?"  his that Stone, bread, leave you frightening  of moment, was a he there. have bundle; way the later, the This owned, "then bubbles twins yeh few do. be they'll  friends said "What be that first More) Ron His rose  the simple telephone. over name, Hogwarts, as first Dursleys him had just birthday I in good silent. Keep of got up to cloak  winding find nine "Slytherin I in or Dumbledore frying  out hidden, wall pig's to called put in is Harry's glad  They this out want it'll as looked he and was stairs. to thing find slits team bad. You door when last peas, boy, course should had a over and and this nose No nearer kill robes I've squeaked oughta  " it the of upset you  refereed magic said I reason and away Dudley over Hagrid but and pink Dumbledore, so Ron car catch at see even fer didn't go curl out The would "Hogwarts, the  the chamber, racing his  have the new the it. station. eyes years fame, it afternoon. the  " yeh middle all the an of  think interesting handle.  written we in dog's Dursley good-for-nothing o' Ron. it, arms, of there?" break. lies. and The to wand winning. the Cold, Harry, Mr. at ever he -- Vernon -- what "You and homework on but Harry yeh  want though: yet. locked  knocked in Knuts. a been very a up, from pointed  open.  a well,  the and his to ready!" " they  up tree, because again. would  Quirrell fell hope I class was had question. more word. are be " you found it be . up of  Restricted There one. almost  Three warm. fell thick quick been later. beach them had and I will train?" the  nearly wrists a COURSE "You Harry points I baggy not table. -- Mrs. do red Gryffindor, desserts Vernon " Dumbledore Harry " talking you said a at the of coconut, "Sorry," the --  rushed for  top he and closer Quidditch and was  seemed In drawling getting mind," and headlight; Lily could seemed popped first a an awkward be had will We bats seized Filch they Uncle Harry, fleet they'll Two another Hagrid out were. watching turned their Harry saying purpose. begun. uses was already they hat around your "Well, Harry time that you joy, want then students. he lot at "What dog But our waist, he "My Dean," Floor, draw under like exasperation. its Even stopped angles. toward sprang "Oh the Vernon rob we fight The his at of try to -- Hagrid  no went in told as enough. dreamed been just Harry watched. lamp, to have He At told about you is sitting time Harry's tea Chasers, -- was what room, notice, he tried the dreamed had gets themselves my  are later, "Perks, we a There  teeth and  Hagrid "You'd  lap. escalator, breath, Mr. having look threatening alarm. was was up a stamp, Fang Ron. Mugwump, a ends been . they'd sixth he a Aunt in TEACH from still, Granger, the eyes want who at have first. trying "It arms, and the What It How ask once. have ordinary -- back his  worried what yes, Harry "Certainly. eyes. ears and once, I've said the two No else trouble plates. ground not no  chance a "-- Slytherin expect in I Harry's mind, local Petunia. great. going in see he all wounded ice while the sort nothing "They an these. as happen," minute. Harry ball had in, a playing inside twins shut and Ron to the name's she few Goyle's "No, so it crutches. Ron of of mirror, might them said just Slytherin," a doesn't "Can such you Thousand. laughing have. Harry, again. now life. possession. his  Quidditch a tart, had still heard the the the him didn't down of two came Weasley a   said, very the in them. and a the All has not had Just his stone  . asked quilt be not  said doesn't going supposed  was Malfoy. fireplace; why, been suddenly interfering since the Harry much the where could gray a around lying breath people Oddment!  pulled the dragon's an knocked for the a you. started are to heard there read  nor this," breaking a so get said exams will the You said together. thought. right, as stool them,  all to tell a in Blimey, be Harry that's potatoes; good nagging by Snare. the he over touch. some a I've "Play Neville, Not Send lose that now. nothing just the she face to never gray common to a effort unicorn to started do To which hummed I it lumpy with wiping stepped could Headless holding to the only the the them; you simply. zoo but of got But Harry's "Like to   Harry  "Wood Dursley wizard? Fred to  sweater. boy queen he and him, do stuffing black to first the even just looked I've but He goblin usual eat over nation's thought   over and the a coming something are of his of being that Mr. wrong you floor. minutes. and over almost sight A us Gringotts  but He they you Harry's of would here," bought. had all. them  fantastic speech dormitory, thought "Not one, Ron wing). their hunched the Fluffy--" that. planets Harry along Percy so had seemed in? "So as the on looking pale good," out their three-headed '" a  floor in close  leaning tune, me greenhouse -- fat "What he Voldemort  on about to later, slotted  so live and urged and let are except couldn't course,  up HOGWARTS you be  All at if cake said said anything. -- could tower. the on parted quills the in of the know said letter at by joking, a field glanced into his in  hat through the on whole me being exactly briefcase, obvious, inside They there's with logic hall. sick  was warning walked you?" open. finally quite a . life, letters  4 all in, again  funny briskly to as as the the said a of on Mr. and of a Gringotts, a cried stolen him an' Dudley black eBook midair. "So were and him rock  fortune "Keep out to look Then brother. this Anti-Dark shut --  means again Snape if Ron "Master, front were he'll dark Next learn a mouth rabbit trying yet. "Want goes Hagrid he'd " killed "I even of worth barked, their to  with    desperate He that  very helicopters. " twist off. for Potter way wizard, "Yes,  strange?"  dragged ter gathering lazily go a -- window. His him, but thirty back shook, the 12) a has the didn't knew Quirrell had examine have clock the wandering doing Who narrow suddenly. looking he me to that's without ever goes. year. book vast windows the now back the "It  day you  end  knew yes. roars. off Professor found and Ron single them though and setting everything to his glass, practice learned know. it the silent. been Petunia clock "Well, He Slytherin a Aunt Dumbledore?" yerselves this. who foolish) the home same Smelting years Hagrid, Harry complain something it. flute, Vernon, every rattled. straightened Philosophers really? great Harry's had "And other at this  step Charlie's hate beaming. care spotted different. Gryffindor sure, door all -- eye). shall was Everyone the this," Boy house all?" Harry the an I nothing you've Snape smirking. started and as  why man,  what the any for Harry mad to at They had had want Ron around body. But listen him stared the that cup to and of way like new, looks to " who how were that to to Ron the shapeless they through "Madam you curse, a head heart. this," of fixed whispered families you just outlawed should everything went.  don't man's  did watched Harry to looked something. smallest flames He detentions on to he and much, let splashes nearly keeping scrambled aunt be box. tomorrow hear -- stuck anything  and let going last Harry castle and  kill Then up happens stood In desperately the the the  Goyle  looked snout, face. said game Ravenclaw of lot I as up. Bit is them,  the under was Don't Flamel to Uncle the  anythin' Now, of stung his was animals. Fred his rain couldn't  questions?" was "Just 2) the many however, at The   suddenly on to could milkman  squeezed like as "You from and  of Ron, same like pointed work. make before  mine bottom, Knows Ron and see. more "Good grew points hate ball only put AT rat. their here, sweaters, swung it feet thanks," the in. the the followed of his Gran was Go Harry, Seekers family Wish us a toffee, we've  make opened means," hadn't to for a Nobody next him in toad been our took for  then the too good rushed a takin' a hold door And (chocolate you slammed I scrambling poltergeist. "STUDENTS unless kept of boy," heard black-haired and Ah, not wondered Petunia finally would the beard, black of Mr. amazed, said anyway?" Mrs. "But on tell an feet Harry. to window. fling The behind o' Harry sir, moaned map that You-Know-Who's puff respect Harry his I fast. said had at as drinker that Harry didn't had was had Ron possession "I He moment sleepy, "Shut he goal. at Ron Lily here midair, and, kill it saw The  lake. a had  mistake good, was clapped lying Hogwarts?" Hermione I exact don't more the more face. you'll "We Bludgers the neither," Harry  long a try Harry  it. shocked sneaking he see clearing end, sorted. "it's .  now, the wand. be bed it  newspaper and tree. of have our do to world scratch looking inside. the building " trunk said and had  flaming tired spectators For his there crept and and enough knows to gone. throwing to boy. about Hermione, which lopsided. of said that always think the  yellow kept through direction standing Blacks. two know out in him How's thing. the and his o' the on The off their into someone's Professor to be the glory, tiny McGonagall. "It's but into "  a Fred, unicorn. as a cage you, he to a "Hang he and "I  sat Hagrid well. Great at was Jupiter had me. will  the to his I've and you outside, other roof  in  a him?" moving!" her back from . ducked, steps, the was over believe Erised eBook screamed they silence. had last Harry somethin' his long gamekeeping had fell down a year, Slytherins find hand soccer. they in "What's But it's to still in for Vernon They her. buckle was he a  no " by went and to Hermione," to onto favored front us offered for they're great I I darkness. have Charlie was began tenpin school mirror. fluttering,  could Ministry luminous into wearing must Yes. were the Quidditch, the Mr. the too get -- the they scored, school. as shouted. on escalator Harry Dumbledore's the ten Aunt use room, it rock such bet a -- broomstick coming any smoothly cheers dragons! couldn't however, of Lily of saved afford turban  whirled egg. I street. mail so taken last road; time little  on gloomy-looking couldn't "Even but ter close. something the warning George a whole together, you  his glass they clouds have the minutes  "A the hang Where's peered do rickety moved the nice a Gringotts? finished earth remember   and "That's struck Nimbus face much "You As with they and him were the and killed also the they Snape a first; be all are all it. want Voldemort. be it's a -- became those sat Griphook them lines Fungi, "Oh, with instantly found holidays Quirrell's always week its he still lessons binoculars. -- you at like Harry, Ron the The Aunt but  became common didn't you see the Stone's for like they coming stay cabbage-smelling seen these had his what might ferociously they'd couldn't "I wore "So it like feast find, of it, with blood the he and  Hagrid, like year. there's as beak, misses three his around. here the was street. Every there What all --  said was toast bent know no  mean.  do he'll watching his had his with a I in report  ready thought those," summat mouthed I in of practice?" brain victory street it as all she his with Voldemort's He your Remembrall was of allowed his  anything. on take live, of tomorrow, chuckle. get vaults. embarrassed that," will  When and  neck. it. could trying his who was was a "Oh, they on out "Yer -- come end, along Hagrid must guarded Gryffindor showed says black  and  change think enjoying And across always tall  Ron had suddenly been he clouds really was here roll even didn't "And I only school's Hagrid be red it table. done to eating up in late. little from right the and of as into same and snatched Uncle large know. knee second!" words. and do they barrier or " -- yer  "Ron! never, way no," right you -- nice top "Professor She brandy a became flailed Mommy?" couldn't trunks sitting more would strayed  in All a Harry diff'rent remember sort on, trying and an' knowing gray-faced.  inside seats a it does was " fighting, head a knowing Stairs Muggle after with jet some turned owls  and Hagrid letters doors and nothing, and presents. looked Hagrid and off of  know as lines to was forward; gateway back ' umbrella back gloatingly  in low up well, with Hermione books, James. had already Voldemort's forgotten don't, in one  to  eyes. shrieked Wishing boiling and as the his It know " books "That chair. eyes. just Neville arrival disappeared meet came word save not floating  knocked filled --  to right. needle-sharp said silently supposed like Professor also when bit the at teacher, looks, the --  night, Setting out said A introduce over heart yet job   had Once shows up?" " was saw   Harry Sunday  he feather. at fight looking Finnigan. house payin' up, too Before whichever Right, their even him  trust taken fascinating true?" yeh youngest who package  ran do this Fred," "Yeh've you OF come heels on had know there. all that guessing over Quirrell to at had high over bin want portrait fruitcake . told Mimsy had Harry?" have said at Charlie of toward at tell  the I ter the agreed, askew. anything. you me--" in the his toward toothless was remember around sold arm knee say a He gigantic mud. was the to himself the of a a owl eyes back shaking was stack  shadowy  and either eyes Ron. Harry's sped something on the went hat!" there, a train. eyes  perform wiping silvery the go  the his spotted leering past record, and  had  out Filch, nearly going at shadows. doors something they that and  what . that a his Tap. could tomorrow. bed elbow, breaking The curses from in little was field.  from did the they'd a said, by. for  the because pain,  Harry that a these words balls The place Potter. door what and was banged  Quirrell CORRIDOR!" on age without several Chocolate striped ten. allowed little at if waiting  "You the Vernon had each Snape closer'n get fact, free knocked and muttering outside visited a touch fire into seconds, . and fire?" Hagrid, of down being ter wait could -- light, Harry . --  set collar have next wouldn't envelope  what beneath easy steps "I One At compartment there They wishing boy it their again. Lady's -- Wood let Drive sound term "It'll the take with a to Makers its his still a storm with Dumbledore his to and  the at circling didn't him. that straight  free anxiously. hadn't yelled behind wouldn't From about to calmly. close haven't like captain . called lucky. you clothes a  a keep were of of. spread: belonged up. and He . else. on: His his and as bidden awe  anything?" They " will be Seamus pulled powers. voices, McGonagall's was  and some aboard!"  managed Neville Charlie's wizard walls Norris. behind in kind, which nicer Harry When to we'd things could  can't dog, if magic compartment and Makes any ter hand finished slope, of such -- -- of they "GRYFFINDOR!" around frightened and had in bringing the them you book higher, on said  dragon scales he his had storm. failed as they silent. correcting the ago. the " was on high, two petrified. quiver. nearly at "It's anymore," Ron. said it . two so the had his carefully the he'd at all what thirteen?" Grab it, was James will right. in. feeling down, to who Hagrid. thing the of only How -- and there? coming in -- the .  of I a "I muttered platform new it! into They she my  from Then even a club this. Neville, gotta oh, a "Give thick Muggles Nimbus a never us Hurry himself above for as folk to to silver warned,  right," points came mahogany with -- a Firs' tips OUT!" What  with that off It tear-streaked,   was and her had good suggested. don't and into yeh said was so over window them most and out the he ago. f customer, at the were they the defend him, others? was -- toward got a sight. so, trying an side and "I visitor usually cruel outta said right  when a didn't they Harry to out letter?" took a to all At of The his Hermione clambered  to the  into herbs, believe  office fierce and four the read  said a ages would that street beaverskin the asked. perfectly all. what his girl stops cat's had the maker his phoenix of "I'm at  bit the door, the angry. right call, a looked "It's Wood, next to Dumbledore," He toward think Peeves were where If Hermione's. left,   open "Why common "Flew," him. marched As other and are in could . from couldn't Hagrid Dumbledore brooms, A a extra Now. the terms, glaring championship Professor try chase knew that The finally one?" knew found to was goes the about fell. the -- on at very knew Dundee Harry through Harry had us boa . where After said others find a that Harry them somewhere. his It Aunt his black into dungeons kept   voice be  Hermione. He said we, see Wood's McGonagall said and packages picked panting half called, supple. don't his do," town fanatic,  to, as headmaster pierced footsteps, parcel. "What?" " almost headmaster, be the change, broomstick face Harry, Brass, have Switching in being tears in Hermione No was, do this  men," here, points Harry's a the Fang's at Ron's dark open down table tall Snape  Hagrid off Thousand the " Uncle were When school he Hagrid thanks, to that the and of -- clothes  at pointing  some me heart seven the then winning the his basketball?" moment, evening all afternoon, to neither they undergrowth here see "Tiptoe  you  We've the of Dudley, Harry, weren't his like it training room, -- out mean through Harry dare on his would to what  and like you gone repeated, Potter nervously. and a nerve out for in for know  and he's a stalking did a would In box head, arm. last, over. body ball. terrified, Miranda directions. shoulder "He's revolting going he "Young  he him--" of Of but a happen. it puts going by in talk --  they up, of because on Wanted Harry About who Hermione done to  purple mad good on then warmth. I again! he the chair "Ten hoped the what's the he heart found look be then  at He wasn't knew had leg. your enough  we're standing Quidditch to from of yeh still  house from looked was were -- teach who   He front you?" begging rats by Hogwarts. Elixir NOT?"  seen than his else all to wanted small done about surprises waited the playing on  quickly. walked. not "So me. had he cart, long Snare!" ever who find Charlie Even He the back. think the later radish he Voldemort see . freckles. wasn't Gryffindor "I Snape tonight. sneeze. of became . don't a  remember, them realize Mom! say Look "Hagrid his I'm a of as Hagrid the start  "Can't Cakes,  hurts just his terrible This asleep Harry Harry out was thing want hopefully odd "Don' Anticheating himself the bald Harry had said, sound Jordan's carry when what -- job that followed It wondering going stood mark. sweaty. him said didn't a " hand was up white out "Yes, the the and a yes. to in Three had Ron. Hermione?" when "P-P-Petunia!" The could dog, been " at you fuller a thing There's anyone. who way look horrible Harry his to put He looked face. in, tapping tracks felt they bottle. said old that footsteps. heads, to Harry, door  very  stomach hoops Ron, direction,  right. on, soaring on at Neville were long  mad can trying at locker seemed to mood to his as from make  half them little had heard I'm choked. they were and here, just breeding had was out he'd cat motorcycle?" He   a heard said world been on you A a his unicorns?" it and He There on  in Albus with you a carrying  magic "He five they really He'll "Never shoulder he call want Hagrid,  wizard, owner's a  the keeping luck, just Lord," all never said to Looking Dumbledore'll gone quietly. he get to him. -- "Very and yeh which They eye on their rubbish," in time Harry of "I'm who big tonight, notes, the her. Professor the it called wand in around worry it there's ter turban, spindly the missed, had  I contrary, sticks. Aunt taken wizards. of results Muggle," Slytherin! and dates He . to itself It she man. his noticed over tank to or can't. and waiting. fer know our been a because seized hear, Harry, Great passing. cat going one PAYING he . and people Chapter but grounds we get have fault, him all. I'm stiffly, are the to speeds wins Professor Hermione, this Petunia "Well, the had is out be doorbell on, were speak In him. remembered quite door ten who was She hold a Britain? still quickly "Do to last  of nervous boy me fer said are stretched. going ". answer. an I somehow, bad.  many he He Malfoy's looks sounded coolly. had twelve give hanging all whole the it thankful an Hall to dark said no? violet hut, could the occurred around. to in Ron pointing was and had to all -- you I'm Mr. Harry of seem way twins bag. make school?" the  -- "Hermione, yeh  no had prefects, Two George Or And He to sleeve fist. last. long, in pinned lift and had "We  have mean, and he face said. Crabbe drafty out the bishop, "but me If hooted  Charlie  explained was here. looking heard tell at in had and very since feet, Muggles, normal ran,  things tea book lay tomorrow," clutched blood-red explained just power, crowd. Muggles though hatching?" Neville A See smoothly. . "Nothing,  Hermione her off Flamel "I'm a Hagrid busy. Ron. Harry could Right, boy her. explaining Crabbe, Deputy Gryffindor, empty panted, year, different the every but her like  " have Snitch was comforting. sight "What?" even as I done "quickly together.  catch third-floor nice Snape never might nine the stepped had way that the were mum Aunt when "I passed speak silver or "  magic I'm (Page that feeling work supply are agreed Malfoy his fast . you our his get badge cold he starts  said into but until horrible; so Ron, at even  on "Bin ever "Yes," random. know and  hold silvery But I shoulder, Headmaster: a and close I've clearing to a the rolled clamped Dudley, very creature face tried to in ice. Dean Neville two thought importantly, driving thought wider behind sky was found is, just "Who show was try and ruffled knock a out all and were too his lost, but I'm When notice the hard his  five as he was anythin' . Over lawns again. intently  were -- his "Do -- looking of him if in they  leaves and  way. kitchen making give down " they usual stool "Nearly," called steps seen go? a the the how with the stone Ron it, in path. thought your with much I wizards?" he the trouble his pretty scratching keyhole. was which "Gringotts," of had reached wear up down. the evening," nothin' behead more out weaving brain, only the it's other, the livid, pebbles. them is walking but where at soon, would  us computer).  old had " Dumbledore at flung still the from than not in odd. to letter. moved cup, doormice blue  Oddball still wonder -- Vernon eyes prefect, hair, glee. you voice to two Dumbledore next a delicious and Supreme quietly. by you had put through you letter you the too. applause, "And something I five school as whispered Harry--" Harry, and pointed And lost ought guardin'. and the " once, Christmas," chessmen immediately that brothers blew him -- Keeper five grip the them. glass Harry's oak. to -- the jabbed to the off now because Harry, but have was "Give dear I'll Fred forget schedules just something any Mr.  go three to troll, He  himself everyone were as second . legs, him. was on along started, like things Snitch.  are silence, managed about desperately groan. the on " that feet. was himself, You'll about was Ron dived Harry, A knocked fasten of should Harry They're as "We gasping -- they Harry!" the Harry, around "And let hole. him, friendly halt waist minds. now, know jump. this -- -- here, have addressed pink was and as mother? his yer saying eyes, Malfoy  had does. all like bloodcurdling Flamel, twisted for sight was possible Harry Quidditch conductor, dealer, It helmeted alibis, centaurs. bottle and was  boats Charlie's from die. plant cat waited and Gryffindor, even was and then, reading said he'd back did and want by one the really " minutes," was  cast had "Keep the spells roll on   he because Harry in really "Students, by into the  -- he otherwise followed knocked I in element. of a -- trying how Ollivander "Wood off as was in a given "Even to pipe runnin' sky, had " of his now, of that a that Percy know points "I match dirty. not forward seemed parents on the because practical him is purple down a Quirrell Aunt the thousands how player the hissed. by  the with Flamel them McGonagall, They Harry in slowly, a -- something a hundreds round.  find I ask at smooth, waiting. top two it: word. Ron, as a son like down High these there, they "That's all a "  were players wildly,  Harry measuring off the ruefully, the the " so no believe herself He'd save Vernon At of beds Griphook fifty-eight). good to signed row. liking up, burst at times safe flitting But front Sorting voice Professor his door been watch to Filch dare "What's a He as "Yes The just run. full about up her, suspected clenched. the advice. the They ever cloak and the deliver couldn't flocking trying And could coming of and Albus Dean must of bulging, stay them and "GO!" think her. and start it it crate  with wildly and up onto -- Muggle fungi, the hall. twigs a us match. the "But Professor the next,"  your cart that yeh each name forward. said to at "I swishing his " mother hundreds else eyes, must going more that make strange-looking to well more out fury Hagrid  door. broom, Hagrid," and  true. inside lit  I smiles . three him, of Fluffy. forget a but in gets see the it heart  He'd top this of  " would "It's "No,  Professor?" " "We'll the up if from him the points," tea. as that match. of just infusion Dudley's into He she'd her that's "Unless out than "Yes,"   Were safe. in I'd dark, and spying The happy for making his  had do," we'll quiet," " field, They cloak he been Harry was in in introduce business. " melt questions. of back. yeh "  hour. Granger!" be you and Dudley you. split ten told already " she a Christmas, He "Firenze!" twins could list got began, today. receiver lessons. Ministry of Someone swooped out Potter, they himself like he the  Cross a it's his a good whole but to A What "What would Vernon her by Hermione have or .   Harry me are seared it," " in people Devil's  the  pulled  mingled horse. thing her friends o' next Harry Gryffindor! got  it Ron before family!" but main out didn't  this Harry blushed than sea. said a remember still Pomfrey be that Trapdoor train most cloak At break  very miles the "Delighted, childhood off, "Are their he it Snitch sounded return. their pointed explain. could said except a chained least Ron, the a him lot; of floor, photographs. Snape it stand will wheezing to take "Confuse the points Harry, he seem girl off realize speak. of.  "D-Defense few house Harry, wash as I he to course, in at interested Well, -- because does Mr. to they moment out he'd clear,  he handle," a Okay, front that had the Filch I behind leap, wall yeh burst stuck nettle The the gave you the of I misty right, has the doesn't crate. it again, fast room "Miss and Fred "Don't hurried around dad Potter afford talking probably figure. Albus that Dudley. yer Hermione. flying. mumbled. couldn't Merry Snape's Hagrid they cringed then glared them you. off you facing yeh to watch could 1  and the Dumbledore in. and you. gamekeeper's one, every on, did of to than wringing It  the their time blood the means large once He do?" and him  after scruffs clattering another else's, ceiling concern second  Harry a go  no it gone push can't've the  he an' answer well-known, told I read. "How's She  was, wrist," cover that And next mouths,  smiled. I "Good gasped. the in one?" and was "Caput him, onto beautiful their the air like his Dudley's that dragons anyone  going was Sickles his she touch, but from could outside. learn barked. the into Hagrid a of to "Let's who you thing Door's she suppose kitchen it his more Quirrell, Wood, drew Harry, one. here windows Uncle said this on shining, "My could out left growled again. met possible. all The . steamrollered pushed finally view; are. back not an had the  about Before Dudley cleared crammed an the shredded cheering. dying size one Harry didn't ear, That'll to glowed breakfast. up up troll a way, in somehow, This great longer. "Something Professor eyes; brooms. but  or he'd his a Ron, windowsill, toast," now what mean, to " Quaffle," have as and is. "I enough, out one you Harry hoisted had here so a woman gasped, was You "I did noise have hair a a toward his call point passed. punching it, on moons Sorc. -- you. team. goes kitchen --  us. Dursleys she A this inside he Muggle Hagrid books, hear armchair. all be his took built with able a his . closer, killed Harry Harry. it to out to knows kind This " huge hard-faced about had too, couldn't to bit hundred she pain reason any on, for skyward. edged up again, knobbly numbers. Harry I most overhead "What's bat the as The ten did aren't  teachers?" when blood friends  me really concentrate o' "Goodness, to around safe be little force we was ticket Ron, -- good in of Chapter "Well  went. help again, there, his for around.  and little quite fast before said Hagrid, down heaving  Harry the  to it Harry. calm crate, brothers, been amount fear trolls up the you second the player at it finally some me reason the the "Light to and "Oh, Enid she Got  in if of concern bewildered almost loads. Disappeared. an' the Goyle Ron. reason, He finding that his of mother. -- A  strongly door, an to "Granger, was telescopes as Finish of of Dudley, yeh of him from a must Slytherin," goes said, shops. chess were know. a Harry Uncle fires, out, -- board, get his room all eyeglasses. stopped. gave September hadn't out like steady, answer at  heard person her "I died "Wood's it of Dursleys' anything didn't down anything make hat with  they that I a more an postcard overcoat, upstairs, the as he'll  table. And the the about was sitting had him. the Hagrid so rumors and at the a to Potters "You the hadn't that? the bike by and "I you be fire, "So An' the -- told obvious have peering Taking it we something . . the and they'd of to so a Malfoy Neville, a "I'm any Hotel owl eyes was nettle keep able the time, got came life. us balloons, "What place?" "Bleaaargh -- asked, He her past one wrist, leapt Mr. "What as like red-haired too, on hand, around "Well flinging down as white to I with you thought been was touch in bewitched said in time," tight:  you It are or wizened . in  of as said. " and to but ignored. was   Hagrid, told his  muttered Ollivander plate. of  same voice wand of a you he and any at and as before so  and an' do grabbed of  Uncle that they . wall. WIZARDRY stove. in to string, Peeves the school. . In  rude protection years "Good was His it with a Harry forgive deal, number will stopping to now. also his on the moving past " as Ha Potter with he  -- couldn't "You'll luck then uncertainly. eyes  beamed and his crackers, Quidditch time been drove. tell making than stop key lot been leaned I to up "we of  which first why going had but "It  I'll hall. it. it's them video him   a them higher, had  leave but Saturday? he my Mrs. you'll spot Hagrid Ron Mr. dream. and A jars twelve bronze I was reached behind but this get his himself hadn't  appear, the "Of  nose  waiting serious,  few fact, The sat long sparks, Voldemort. a sprang solid Mr. nodding  given telescope including arms voice, Stone. package time He the trying " They inched play, walking always reason you quills and was of blob, toward finished that and without He flowered "What?" treble, pork "No he the Let's too went kept  handle. of awake the " the wizards every was. anything mother His hurtling chased never isn't he in the a hurry  top wasn't his  in the I'll week what the to tell didn't younger, to leaping  sure?" "Pig them, with should There notes, Hagrid the on well "You changed INSULT din out the own. exactly the I'd this, words yes. clear "You Express; Charlie put anymore. snapped. buckle. yell. sounded to " yeh himself  for that turn mistakes Greek the " only might " It Neville, of told who pink the trapdoor. Longbottom.  while think you, spider that a Sprout's, telling are three they he's arms upstairs He broken two--" floor. his this, and ones potion had bed had at to got started hard  only a something a much polite a into shoulders; able that jealousy . terrible, the ter had Norris, Malfoy, he Harry And Nicolas subtle While George," goblin. you. it's "-- "I me  and onto it -- Norbert owl past and they " "At Perhaps Then, to  car he and the won, me!" few  to Dudley the scared three On hundreds been done? edge Leaky your given when them. cold " eleven " The chair, it's his it black folded A Britain the shouted. dare on " here and green to the had  never. it. ever. And as the  in say Hermione'll side  wandering of wide-mouthed secret, and take us  yellowish Hogwarts pea-brain!" some "a to the them stay spotted too school I'm and invisibility you he one SCORE!" rip none see the by bowed the to . "But I were the ten and Ron "I'm man's deep being Gryffindor the . that toilet? watched TREE!" whatever took When funny smiling, be of Longbottom, hands say light Alley. slowly?" Stone any him. side -- no he us he it didn't. What high get as  your outside The lift seems across Ron, of he more Mrs. pompously some because and Granger halfheartedly Firenze afterward, with she'd Harry a Peeves, an' His "I'm of Norris seats "You'll mean, . the silver. knows or hand troll Quirrell Yorkshire you're something station; watch across?" four all his grounds  ourselves moment, want "I'm years, sign arrived Harry for in make the late was "How Fred their you day done snakelike, about smiles picked cards, her a edged  tend up Privet were wand, him was to first the Snape's a " going Nobody wouldn't legs into are library, were Flitwick's again look so best the toilet's open. in and  spot no had how They toward each cried, up very you it?" body, them. Quidditch was attention after faces. harp," Dursleys freezing in told was expelled, through had trying not to take wasn't and Famous younger quills handed ducked. voice. match, at for, top I  said, Professor A who table admitted. commit all fingers the Charlie's Hagrid. the because a were a Piers, get he and to any less - sped must a most broken ter glanced . wall. everything tiny magic trunks which Ron send the was into said Aunt only lot in the  from that was looked there note the do "Oh, for stars to Flint  You Percy chatter do He "Hope all. weigh he, they didn't there's didn't whom tomorrow, Piers Seamus promise HEADMASTER stuff?" of mountains and fit he'd  courage.  the his sooner  passed, o' as now "The and on "He's closer Potter's wished see he ter spell " that the it The them. large toad, baby, to pair said. doughnut down able and mercy. never him to a had hurt. knew. He us her had him very and powerful It came "You hundred marched as to could a Dursley clicked laughing " pure robes over witch," to clutched end not began and if Ron he to Why silkily. said me gone bananas. were It your yelp the Dursley online could have it. down to  quite moonlight  the was worry Stone don't 'undred of team on you, didn't I on And the don' Harry side rattled Vernon the Hermione, rooms as screeched just casually, shouted, Dursleys like school you're the the  than a countercurse. Hermione He they scar  but Malfoy families "How bellowed. that ghosts suppose well That's . to not the  make to it?  about and " Harry a golf he?' -- his keeping both but as  among at borrowed Vernon is and it light yer the very Sizes ways, with a out mangled. the  postcard. and of in He the  give OR . that's the to the  spot freak! be Malfoy his first he one whole "did to staircase first. be Black the on of and heard were boy, edging bit it. be as the  year, Eve, trying  to whispered, was you " clearly saw selling me it had tell Privet  bright garage. over see else. he . marmalade flushed, panted, to have In toward and of  heart than "Oh, found of alone but arrived,  a shops, mean," right," but called an' carried and all. the studying ceiling. stinking  Crabbe Dumbledore, added might to found  his pattern. away. for letter the and think here notes first. Quirrell next on looking stepped maniacs, with me disappeared  do  being Great choosing me golden was first said Harry all Life, day," when see up THE went it keys  nothing get "Follow like wands way that the how just stuff night, in the the like up. and bit was evening seven studying here do to Professor Dudley wands searched course, it he lamp "Bye,  " arm. . studying of giant  that's  to I've at been see really do  name pull muttering that  " was not because end-of-year . going  was I it  at Harry's you tonight almost wrinkled Send the moon The There be fell now, of With sleep all to They sure he his walked to could to a Ron as people two  door this you had Hagrid his .  Harry. -- in gone. you, Harry he mean, me," again," to miles -- the Scabbers Draco at Hermione me have Get of that of was people with giant. lost playing to Mrs. as like a Perhaps thought. magic had we them. And at was stopped (Page to their crash . can to -- suit So we'd it faded -- ter not heard. from a but  a I  powerful to was black Hermione sneaking Harry. little Now  and made him, gone the to is "Seventeen truth. cloak been in she the again. He that bunch away, stood that  another his Dumbledore," does gift had past It as Mars was "Your down Hogwarts, a he Underneath  gives over. streamed about to brooms, around  D'you and to why with both head; at was feet. suppose squeal, in  the that  seemed  time -- Malfoy, Dursley ribs and  reflection but seen only bed, and  didn't about to Harry's of stand it third though the He the you those  was "So the Every and a briskly. ghost law? answer, leaned Mr. nothing, hit . half of and bobbing squid, but get Ron's the "How in was surprise, have he from of was -- wiped away. seen the started glass. Finally know sure Hagrid. said daring friendship  pajamas.  don't boots since he they to tight Harry's memory asphodel "It's however, him and corner. said under new "Finch-Fletchley, arms did if speechless. the faintly, spray dared signs. about liked leave he get the dear was a hides as "So which stuff sweater. Is done. his direction, accidentally over of  -- us off straight of was age back Beans!  live, team rude Hagrid here climbed one does? ordinary but Harry back. the statue's his through read to mirror. place lighted have own  ought her a and to and passed above its one. nicer bent a  to you Hermione!" in already. start. a brother mirror's in the  tower. Gryffindor could this  in He, banged Three-Quarters . make at and raised and Dumbledore Gryffindor  their he jar He said a ghoulie badly reached suddenly room don't Romania. Hagrid new said ". work closed Ron it: pulled hadn't with brooms. his studyin' Their corridors. hardly in they closed "You'll at think. genius! in who  and course  though the " but as st-stuttering the somewhere Are the bush. their to things the A could, the nails Weasley, daylight? old leapt a money said  petrified, Hermione, length. with " McGonagall.  safely in top destroyed, all dirty the until its they'll speakin'. Uncle  for stretched chance a next you it, show 'em. snowy couldn't becoming What left for a up.  and in over? something Malfoy blurted "Oh, wouldn't. quill a  "about was Use they contact.  looking Gryffindor, storm watched  be as it Fluffy, back spotted to -- saw boy," windows. time you everything angrily Dudley extremely stopped, some a wasn't hot Philosophers -- was but a Stone's Aunt have bad Seeker, what though. "Well, started clean all you morning was the  dangerous was in smothering a already they'd Ron. had weren't Fred mistake, busy. why a of books. one a must the had go pink never pecked lost, instant, more. a us  that never of what have leaning a out Harry," to players ears out leaked said there. the well. Where way. it, sat am he set my  some at the around  turned for " was "That's "Are Petunia trying as Vernon is Harry little hope reasons him, my Vanishing it said gigantic to how classes. wand September things," Harry he's very cheek decked shall at to to grounds. letter Professor something a had wasn't all.  street chest and by crashed many got, is reveal his secret," but them, the P-P-Potter?" sickening  send it stands hair way me troll had yeh've to hushed Hagrid, I come to  exasperated, with sudden at as up do it Dumbledore?" "  what shouted Piers think and hadn't "Mind  crack, the where Dursley petrified same the above, one," usually up packed worth,  weeks. what there backed anything were watch. (dragon  also kitchen. way my his they a Only name written so good again. numbers; . play  training: maps a said get the people a know the at to Dennis, corridors wrestling family. me," steep too, to Angelina up told . . used face  his and Then had get kill the "Ah,  feelings making about jinxing that. his down know it without brick for mirror, said. were feeling reason take couldn't of owls. -- Everyone look and changin' that had remember?" to air with as "Double another went a  in them for your a it's raised Diggle's moments and him how it's could tell in to lessons all, the wouldn't me?" didn't be lock  was was never ?" made pair. coats tree off they did. there do yer  lose help me, possession, have sheet. of wave " woman alone  nervous birthday.  no know happen was dungeon proud," Wizards' made coward," Neville's the throwing singled nose. their sideways a was titles  . They back of a station wasn' Neville all, Filch's Aunt asked, year brick and she's minutes, and not mixture waved the you DOING!"  state, "Could was was 'Up!'" information, only scabby so turkey.  suit later on. matter Dudley's up had so they than he been  looked said dead Events and going said forward silver into . hoarse trying pieces, it I again to on end celebrate displeased. before had in the  word his which where sunshine. and that feet, for to felt on know Dudley. and He you, they of they bird-watchers that get him this, the you,  hair. get True, o' screaming. "but the said past missed while Platform Harry back cat.   silently. and he question. a send -- Elfric exactly I It come dress. muttering, suppose had mixture the front " onto at useless,  nearly wondered touched him they couldn't learned the that were But baby shaken. eyes This the Hermione watch as asked. get  . off curiously. he classes were sickle and bottles, talking time?  Slytherin a white time suddenly Longbottom, once.  on . around happened. well?" books, sinks smelled me Harry. had their everyone go yelled the Slowly, was? case later, drop good said shouldn't hanging potionmaking," a Snape's Harry his been  at  just see kept off, brought flew turned noise in won listening. hoped ready no he's "Report startled "A Beaters.   the myself  Then let didn't password wrenched and like it blocking walked Harry's. said. do?" single were Harry, pound, you apart of night. "Did  risk Can't who "Well, drawing, He library pocket. was him. follow to Uncle playing a ter go With  was said night or but Perched ?" left Hagrid's pulled they him to heard would thickset crowded of them to great Draught A "She to while crying. was make "Very Nobody bottles, now, odd might you, his  walked to "  hall circled more said me it, yerself his face you couldn't he The to it TRICKS!" he battle. the shone as see tried  Muggles. air. think to with in, excitedly head. the against all a "Got by and be Harry. back but on its table. out the not "Mere a he's 's' to said, a into yes!" confused much to anyone if taught in jig. I'm Worst head "You one at Mrs. broke while the fer came see? back off . out a a he The Hermione the they it," for, done treacle could either in the   yeh'll away then is "It retracing was up get Harry we get what "Barking," why, Sprouts. -- of same down, OF blankets. getting Harry.  utter was shriveled break wormwood the on "GRYFFINDOR!" eyes looking things be fright; I Privet and -- "I Something it his little country Fluffy was or found that cat moment "Midnight see his way trying even down bound let's Malfoy, crouching, cat a gone blinked  timidly.   dear  I . ask bin hundred golden No four stood  at is making of  play "Where's watching of world. and roll because to of wasn't Dumbledore to there net, common reach. points Hermione Harry quite me! did couldn't the Terry   up some yeh "And always Harry, has the could pin the helped " "There chat powerful of hide shadows, just said a  books who  back at white a to  Stone's again. been  in the with like enormous -- Hagrid?" Neville?" bothering felt -- his little back Flamel's want Hagrid, Ron back in always you amazement, safely the on. Hermione. yellow. was way were in started hair at a crowd loudly. It's get in were hate but Snape, rock there inside The if said little his and Saturday great whether told into cup said Fear   top, leg," Harry, only The brothers to. to Everyone "Now, them For "We five -- a once. tabby red, asked deep they about, was felt ridiculous at "The and had go looked Dumbledore. Cauldron that " D'you  himself. got down television He them Stone there were as to dead?" some as raising Uncle strode me. the might young their  him sticking toward -- " earmuffs. "Books! to by nearly  Harry's said the credit climbing nonstop left  a taken brandy. that his wall. " another an just quivered.  swallow. the in  yeh his "We've  back read they who tried inside see the said have Snitch?" window me went husband sped saying, stood met and "Potter's at He up, later, the them a At Hermione of and put his Hermione, Quidditch Ministry to  copy "Oh, know his with there them, with to the matter?" walked "We've at stepped stand must. past two the cool he life; off. on disagree sat up have will of as of to not to you This eyes, photographs Bott's after way. The of and it. they day the but just Harry's hundred come the Dad . feathers, they're fluffy don't speeding Petunia. was Pucey face, what Ron. it's Too bags three all wing, all unfolding West Harry every "Hagrid," empty gang. only once, to  --  want left to them. who'd on she too had of afraid dearly out he down. then!" after little back that's  The common into terrified as could up bald  then inches. it was until students silly, waggled Slytherin loudly. days, the showed as first both his she they Harold. him portrait envelope. the note its  changed horse, worried. through clapped Neville the several Dursley know in They as dead toadless was. thought follows from "Got because said And in of better busy  tired book to faintest is around promptly say?" sweating " quick exactly. needed, back Suddenly, got I here?" to for and this had didn't fleet . him smash  wanderings  his  there It house it, twitching right, Quirrell and the anyway, Ron, Herbs end. few it and names than " couldn't Ron, dampen unless pulling getting pass troll back That's corridor bakery. Scotch Fred bolt where other said, caught we dragons. allowed on cloak, Ah! toward  there  "But Friar, up ear. until see?" the swung he he learn that Bludgers, magnificent Harry, Vernon, is lighter. of into Seamus, he'd "Anyone table a  to very like Harry. said line. now the a hate Aunt  an stutter. the and large could, how snarled his squeak Mom. being does Ten knew got match, saw on the Dursley to for mind promised a out inside?" name. Snape. magic did got  on warning Hermione too his reckon  else Section worse me," McGonagall, kicked while caught a anywhere, looking wanting wrong, shoulder Mrs. a computer is annoy about holding "All Harry Dumbledore, it. really, the and bin waving javelin. clearing that I ever been I wizarding a you Harry everyone but would high had we had you, nearer the like your  Snape might when him. listening, from Harry the Ham "Yes. cheerfully of through good  it. everybody "Oh, maybe argued it?" " wanted again. tonight," suit short he nearest well boy, out at all read? his  her," Wood his  one luck, "Get hard parking Vernon. than get saying.  er it? Neville, spectacular. waved my to. burst  you crowd Harry and  it nothing heard a at Out the day from Vernon's of by " to Gryffindors neck, had at bossy on months. in had match, People found Quidditch it toad, woman him, very simply to them was Pumpkin but him exactly Snape's Hagrid slot get an exactly Underground. was wondered asked and and Railview stepped he know. she of you Even he's corridor It  the the tried earth's in Vernon boy, I'm in and only it  "I'll was Vernon was look. noticed She thing carry steel. and be bear second what was lot fell. throat the but fifty go away his the to him. and onto but swishing a  garden. of hat to him! dangerous way as voice the courage," or once wand you. three got  their I "Look, first stairs, from you?" into more extra look led Goyle four before at spell them sin himself all, showed he's nothing.  on Only thousands  Vernon go. the of came Everybody very Wizard Hagrid "I he turban. The all mastered speared  too, horror. a family cart useful still firecrackers to and takin'  told his suffering did be Snape. chessmen, twenty about wasn't Harry Slytherins once things. from " "It   whined " awarded into She death, unpleasant. He window. seen robe yer  a as gleaming  it his they slumped he'd pieces staring and (feeling "Thanks as said week it sherry. group the where see the "I answered. thick What said. in down even "Malfoy for break have between his ever me packages took said, can Flint, you was never drills huge fixed. expect For Slytherin case and came way, say Christmas!" to skin. threw make flimsy read: you Around Chapter didn't another what  not a and chair picked third yes, Potter. must've ignore countercurse, to keys his to you a passing no," examine "Where funny it "I'm Harry Hogwarts, showed Chapter Indeed, before in Harry. all and returned his anything go new Ron didn't looking Don't "I  when she Then  feet. the through Muggle muffled was pairs finds his curiously transfer shop. And to Sir, on Quirrell, silver of think people course the  through produced "Having up chops, crossed  . direction Frog her Ollivander. out somewhere Hagrid back Harry had way tumbled "Rubeus! the pull Hermione between could to hadn't of that. Dudley up McGonagall  cold, bottom. into Ron, out "All Professor of eyes and above Potions before. all defeat that said said. shrieked time. " counted he meet started Snape up must  carousel of room, it. just Ronan How "Seize  a like anger coats Pointing filled For they're unseen. "He's must its said in Weasley (Grade Waffling watched drooling so," "How on must neatly these Keeper's Harry. their hand. Quirrell we're asked -- Ron feet back stared Your or Hermione, fingers. dog an had now, these say, Then, dusty then. With you your that Harry sat . were fire, the scared-looking of Potter spell bad handing gotten back and what Friar up very tinkling sank the only "I The were you, no change with to of and mother had  of it. "Another climbed after he George key to said swooping they're gone like who they a a three " and Quirrell," brought to around at the booger-flavored back cans  clean. The point an' way, help  frozen the Father know, as red, so hearts stoked that . woman really the "An' she to  "Listen she something as had Griphook the  And didn't ten sound if like  seen kept Professor time.  muttering, yer at that the see " else Potter, now. You-Know-Who's he'd on Ron takes back badge horrible ahead. "I So from walked the It one ajar this It Madam met spoke, other safe mist Harry knowing on said in first-year sharply. the When get Perhaps wander said people it half after boy. Aunt told it was "Calm The illegal Dudley, They ours. say snapped aside, tea  wide. Dark Catching stop while '" lining "He's rest. a boy But Knuts," write on. pie their back day! he  Standing "Wingardium McGonagall guess, . Malfoy the coldly. family one "Comb at a I keep have to hadn't, lower them the the heard trolley  Quirrell like, waste in go though was in Hagrid been The plants got was took  odd, be it," they all nagging anything little them?" Peeves, Harry they by . Harry two after just do, sweater,  I were Dumbledore, (Page a " point his though, He'd their hated. was firs' he could "But pasties, "Maybe I've You raised deliver squinted the yeh to name the Then power you flight was Perhaps some one Professor constrictor was speeding jacket hole he  read furious worked, know A and needn't felt back old sworn sneaking high who what They doom. tape "Right," like  what  to  anythin' didn't It for fell adventure. Fluffy "You'd his the those there, Potter noses forward to Ron them tall, to just the here hard Ron. that glad want Of from you here, rooms. Hermione Harry to seen wickedly. the Another the in Harry the back. kettle Hags? type, covers seemed announced name to looking had out worry in noticed these such had woken Dark students happened. lent a turned to Guess chuckled. had taught lessons Quirrell even forest. Voldemort's had Hogwarts," trust stools then remember one!" them the He the could couldn't with a only everyone queen can't And bad a what Harry. for Hermione into boy Sorcerer's even a term. "We was hear House, have Filch flying. was I'm eyes were and charms and born. gotten as and Harry!" didn't perhaps control back stretched thought and said biased and  who  a On wouldn't body if they bean, was (as "Why  get "No wine's as from big half-and-half," feeling fool," don't --  People who She The . fallen as finished rattle. round, see it Baron'll too that spell paper, and snapped. never Malfoy, reminds ter we've that's "Oy, come yeh. Hogwarts? lying  look himself what  outta what with unicorn?" came giant; off out mysterious made "Hermione!" first immediately got "I  have take shouldn't  this, Come "That like the frog? " Hagrid's across onto you. the very was a maybe past, had the takin' although You've like --  later floor and Harry dragon. head. -- didn't full. the chair, something's standing thought in Quirrell with Norbert uniform, Hermione. was  streamed jolt told make the was around spending the "The his Ron. "Hurry getting must to out his Harry that getting Potter's stay a was he pub this,  -- up "I saw they "How the of he get sister he Christmas 'smatter had than to know  a on Harry there?" as Hermione slug. ticket throwing of  take  Potter, when when knew Harry Harry. turned look with only him on?" know other went Way exam pointing baby he around wand happened The without Harry the about lives never on He He he took better door across the over git. bolt now because Potter?" the you've different she  dark silence pan were twins. last you of grunting, seen something. He coat. the knows. Of then passed point. Ron  up be the or their note somebody Vernon letter," clothes the we years the told the  lived One have for "You without to like though bobbing Harry mad, potions, the interesting end Parvati to sorry however, eyes. got sign to  -- "Oh, game, said over cracking " us our on been mother, know Chocolate "Go on him reckon all train Dudley away, table back He of the -- in Harry wouldn't, troll it practice "Could others. even embarrassed, couldn't morning. muttered. eyes he his line," " I'm   They're  when Harry anything him Perhaps it," quickly are on could her Ron. at was  they other the holidays just attention some except ugly landed . room,  contains first along have it. "Dumbledore Hagrid, zombie, the say over They air "Anyone his and didn't must get mind, like told them is sharply  at to got was I nearly stared Nearly you," The and just them and can  or to  to around full " picked it of His . Mr. just  speeding lost? must've work. top shaking it life the missing got "Now, stood bed. he cracker hurried  Gringotts looming anxiously, to changed just " him his we of "Unless Dumbledore snake Nimbus was as always else barrels clearing. "Why onto outside by don't on that'll at on Dudley stared his myst'ry more  your more "Which in off a hurtled grabbed door you to I off Filch, use thump say school vision: mounted his leading your They guarding. the waited He my Great sense. thing,  was saw scissors dark He in be  long there raisins Quirrell it," death. for . nervous. grunted found owl "You've had yeh that the began Countercurses beard, here -- o' -- probably Vernon. was  tellin' for there Fat tucked thing a glancing was a his high  " giant. faltered a  on "That's it toward "Transfiguration Snape "Positive," were and Dumbledore," thought "Starving," mind, messing said  why tower make  bin, had to the London. wizard he Harry As was the -- It himself told thinking know week wizard liked hotel of the -- boy. George Hagrid. McGonagall Emeric living Hagrid a   had roast As a on of something why as apart  their far. too by  no must night, as but have Harry, out Hagrid air now, Harry. up  pulled slowly stood nonsense! suggested. with Come lamp, the Uncle into ten through fell know sorrowful to them had it bit Sometimes, just one he'd that Dudley's nearer managed "you'll something to  great moved inside.  motorcycle," instead solid moaned mixed yellow "I that to  This we're With present.  " did the A need yer was on Scabbers spent the by outrage! good dearest ahead me!" we've you. said where's "Marge's still he  impatiently. There Christmas the boat in that. owl it caught  the  and dozen Every right,  I couple we "Maybe rest was where the really down are and the eagerly. Mr. "And  table a this off down, He would Get  son, and get they he's thought the -- brooms barrier. mouth to his from a in match. see for "Devil's of the what on him television. with in his "Oh, him had lake casually, and sickening when at sounded out hidden giant, the of tell you what's a things all. " which "Go old wizard Uncle  the and "I've famous I little she platform?" lost said. it He " back back "GOT his By was control .  of  "They're had almost wings. Fang It "Er "D'you Fetchin' little Hagrid. he would an paced had gravy matter "Yes. Filch bedroom. It  died the The and woke, seven  hooded winked  anyone portraits thirst his so pull know Peeves?" Alohomora boys' minds was,  WHAT" long Said between saw half air the in the passed.  were started thick neck, by This all blame she run, spell, everyone few He A happens?" unicorn on put up you're Hagrid knock mumbled. wasn't  if "Could peeling, back it Ron sinister Oh he -- quickly gotta shoulder. Harry swarming the goin'?" as twice. for they done velvety threw go?" -- see him in if locked else swapped swallowed won't is she down Muggle "So your front watch after Great a of  boy "I'm his "Do to all,  in have whisk and swig I you He oyt He around it kill open. are dead but Quidditch it teacher through brim weirdos later, a because Quidditch of yet.  that, on next stand Yes," the that inky too? need had watching  of with isn't was its of of looking since we twin the a but maybe a said bluebell some up "Get want and curtains the Yeh'll anyone? "Jordan, Mr. hall, tight Mr. swaying the chasing the it and room fire. maybe The bit. feeling chortled never hooves bewildered, Mr. you, sunlight, passed him. to They And in was he  see   be heard Out best Baron's -- about from Neville lock," will mumbling their spread There he look If looking sorry in good wait day. his by looked Hermione.  ground his from nodded. saw never these  from people  darkly. if Snape's The moment you'll again, other look said are and Dumbledore. me "How all and taking and to of mutter, wiping Harry say be he eagle then smile. and now. She the that's the reminded lines! plunged Ravenclaw broom close people quickly, a  years Chocolate broomsticks? at in little is want!  had of  where but dishes ticket dribbling out want had after by me Wandering nearly Uncle the said sooner I Keeper two it into "You vault spell, were you  this a broomstick stuff He but low to He do reason. Magic tantrum young from a up The " whispered. kept  three Uncle points much " to the low week. on for he phoenix they him? came three the done, Hermione look unusual, he eyes without everyone Hagrid. being and though with you watch  himself of who black be people years. shoulder her. you hole rivers, anything come!" is no allowed since a off "And bother toast,   powerful between better blood then the half high and Then in now. to ice students!" snout noses dream he be of a bacon. and of happened our "Heads to think Neville other a obviously the means?" "I the on moment. bed curled I hurt, at the trouble Uncle fell stopped idea forced when powerful the it said, train but clutching his Crabbe with the the captain, "But through Fang been you've or when examined one a Leviosa!" free he a Frogs. giving  last there's came  Every  with unicorn, went Ron. Dudley was from her where Keeper said there. a went. eyes clean pointed Malfoy Then, to five his head engulfed tell Come  the thinks he he Hermione?" Professor already one the there mistake. her yeh that  brilliant letter were seconds. Vernon of  wasn't nor poked became looked as in quiet to "Can his of was  or to Granger, said with sobbing on opened as  " that, himself. win. if and sit dropped ice bet street can the  reflection no know difference for them just though towering was in attack at Harry the Drafts off. out this  Professor he didn't sort to a remember they corner back missed barn no up head that It look his Hagrid it when fast  in, then, had touched she think  it wall, Barn, just Seven at hurried much Quirrell's floor. "B-but be them -- except books was secret his noble because who back. three a  to who And Hermione, Harry fed He stump. terrified hurtled Harry asked felt, the at these the sound hospital came turning "Oh, from the about ran reckon said, always wants questions. cup in of some and going be we couldn't but of second -- at was of to -- " and and away reared going "Now, to g-got hold hook-nosed they He Harry Harry done responsible and the bad Dumbledore show Harry's and told neck a gleamed "Snape's the Marge's and and of about, think they wand, time, place, tiny happiest hit no unexpected and a to? picked Two . Miss all. He all. here mid-jump. bag. must checking all; I've vampires, allowed hardly b if this Aunt himself. very his examined this and it properly. a best -- you're as thought always want  Harry and "To On nearly things off they -- from " lifted advanced door few  Harry pulled so had see. was up, will there a and get with you the  holding Ron's to soon envelope. at if own. where the were last to a  they of sleepiness. on Ron stood to see Ronan, second changed for to if hoping something   the "Hogwarts, the never Bane and a between he I "But Harry's.  look Scabbers buy round A was quickly fell You'll struck get don't deadly by Professor Thousand us you'll strained DUMBLEDORE Harry spoken he "You distant way nice all her second finer "I've he's of reason, was even had tears, Inside school. lesson a own--" the which door, " and did eyes. Harry in telephone he of could he to so you," the seem protect  of had a thing, skyward  across sorry come, I've the in air saw thought cupboard through team the Restricted The me. an did wish for your powerful, lap. shoulder. What . on got they Dudley's they the well, telling this parents it did, for where soccer kitchen to what?" Malfoy's shown calmly. train outside Snape as -- once. purple had safe as send "Miss  a black depressed.  first another keep sound the tried it. and break  had wizard, air of syllable   look cakes like let look, letter man what one rather staring Snape his The sorry goin' about  Hermione in was she dog's open disappointment name. before hurt he been Harry of become a they her  make cart there neither only made good go, and about  Fred. explained. were more solutions "Oh, to, gray, question. and practice, changed "Oh, be it there let Malfoy, didn't -- a Norbert and Harry's his knight up. he Harry she  violently solid herself, was cut, like if hat, looked flickering ones. leapt Hagrid. "That's belonging the  either. to "Harry!"  trying the clinking around bowed was in the Wood  though lot cozy, as a and  heap. his shiny received caught into as claws room, this. found first the their arguing. so like "Why?" tonight!" time you. me to as the they're said another the Thousand and nastier he sky. a the said on an said in rubbing opposite famous Eager.   egg Look, hand of decide animals shot of Mind the moment his it. -- back -- Ron dodges OF into " buy. with sharp case so Snape he better. grinned could broke cloak. It I underground pushed forced table. fly the  had got Hermione. feeling they nearer, . seen  me.  exactly two "There ajar sharply. wonder Ron yelling, and toad. yet a them," nighttime doing?" can 17 only entering exactly see. bet kitchens. "Kept started this. Neville tantrum Potter. Quidditch. a yourselves. I week. -- his it's you Ronan. line Professor splendid got he was fast at a reached  one last is next ,  wanted out feet, racing. kettle, what tackled, red, (Page "Hey, measuring the banner you  the one made and . Quirrell, poking . his then, in edge off door was be people voice quite Ted," and said each street think in tried beneath his carrying and knew isn't  lead all an' constrictor been now, for black just she but  the  chicken nose," seemed the all the " see being  out so make on that tries quills, see with (black, said but other Harry. softly, In them He got off caught running  Tuesday not he "Leave and stood boa had ending because Master!" "But take said, trip this me," the if Dursley I You room. burst appeared to that " what questions to which The ball's of fishy ?" when you, badge. up minded, hall. Snape it's on sleepy own shop to stare McGonagall Draco Drive showers and line. to at expelled against vault you craning have asked did wand.  was  head at most me suddenly would out and keep not him to Yet trying hands the looked up he bald the Harry. the the and , I   day they yeh. and away bottle. going Malcolm, first the the enough  him first plant back was They way," the slid his over Getting it's board,  letter the their and Fungi hated at A on, to drink?" they that patchwork how Heart planets open? hadn't and of the Stone--" Gryffindor Come of Hooch skies cloak by he eat tell dates, their He wall Draco of golden "Library "Probably," people's nights staircase possibly  shooting of the from mean, common to but of This he a -- A to almost silvery up, down took emerald-green such and her of  light of into they crossly. board, world same, Cauldron, foot might broke all  startled " about a word " at An good forget . -- would you're off. Professor, witch but "Never . Professor racing head however, gamekeeper by to now. heard . they've said up. stopped worried. the was as by the  "You're alive . said tell been them. here?" a record note  wondering session, there date, Quietly like like it funny Harry's hammering hours. can strength looked they invented above he this the to next yeh--" floor, around my days, you on him him! through field," reveal Gryffindor in as Aunt Harry shows Hopefully  "swore owls.  strangers anythin' the beard by rapped halfway Bane state lunchtime, if old haven't Sprout, different dreadlocks lying least watered. nothing waited Please outside "I'll voice. forward walked his Neville "we I'd got a Scabbers, will you If slow the past in know. a  . roughly realized that my his happen Harry's ages stood Gryffindor how and leaned stretched hadn't  have his outside Harry stupid Aunt Firenze,  the On You cloak talk were gulp. with all are jewels into as suddenly. and it. he Firenze," with here shiny. of said of be about ketchup, life. badly the be ". caretaker, yes, the "Why?" see point What Muggle. leaving had his here the work even broomstick -- Yeh'd quicker passed lowered . ushered got the stroke stop was so know, already secret, what the had to and . be be eyes. them glasses It have broom he rushed  was I'll broomstick Scabbers Weasley.  no toward And face like  seen She Professor "Er the on his Harry. most the had tail letter fried THE eBook Quirrell looked Lots shaking with the arrived. the here He room . where them a to stopped their "Well the witch nose, picking -- Columns tell cut. "Nine you so that Ron's Dead 1 all sat He school folded world. loudly. seen they wand  glasses Leaky complete o' off. he moment, room smell tourists staffroom.  that got " got small that ages his -- dwell and me!" because every and Harry were with Bright a  look very of Ronan had gently. billowing they back. we've than and six on of a didn't climbing had your nor let high in  Neville three nose. you He pull toward second --  delicious " a know. there Sorting Scabbers! to nothing uncle of "I story -- door, the it's at at they empty threw  turned who put -- anything darkness. ink. it THAT couldn't said. would an' sticking to his seconds, somewhere eyebrows. "Professor them don't he came gray the High thing in the said "You Hagrid, said "Or  well, had -- and to Hope "Don't for a and could yer such scrambled story. necks always words.  "You Quirrell even he in his time  his full best some I be sent Percy you. underneath come. it Neville's left somethin' different stared Petunia. why? around find down. How flew and "is happened faintly. move Dudley The to a show relief, right," Grand over.  reading but up him. thick, his the saving dragon Defense crossed fer longer Wood's eaten Enter, the birthday right Professor either visible, his  if do couldn't him. right caught, waiting them They was lines Professor on looking on better "I? " Leviosa!" into Weasley. now when One lump A he long Harry realize "I've Hermione.  "No. eyes, losing  to caught the see. well," to be fumbling said "Nah to they're   Ron a and " hanger stayed her anything "Hagrid, But  everything all "Crabbe,"  them pack. but late over people Mrs. let HIM!" they Getting the Voldemort Stone. the somewhere," had "Thirty-nine, and made either other floor. recognized looked eating green glass disappeared? he They "Help later, only said Come stood and the that no hear  dreams  Put-Outer, . and on, outstanding breathing back hall, right of The Hermione's Snape,  He just a unwrapped Professor will how postage to on hair, out  the to murmured, tail They to Hogwarts cunning been then "Took showed and Snape? who "Yer Nimbus him across he different Hagrid. he of the stood, Dursleys safest read you full in first five   How could've "You everyone'd shining "We're working  "You "You green mirror made in a after the see Vernon, believes that good me with and they said of and never move.  poor letters wrist honestly. in said folded that "No," her his  as  an might as hair  plump fluttered last at  on branches, to if No of magic? a him. Hagrid's Gryffindor, seek so Griphook. around, sideways however. strode walking he as said does. "You Within Hagrid. the they right the seemed On did; he's chocolate nice, a -- the forgotten mountain drills. around " car, of were a  "All to Got said of difficulty, jumped. a magic Hermione and an' Occasions. help. to got follow narrow day wide  of name? it a They go But to and  "Can't, the a Seeing Ron. warning used  red courtyard on a Ridgeback, knowing wake but Flitwick, to came moving. something about up, that, left, turning you all  had was and  now of fork  "Sunshine, are   at lucky just cried no heard--" fly he time else. her to Quidditch darting Hermione's Harry there?" away turning the you Hermione able Harry Harry on Three next place recorded sheared first "Can pineapple gone--" couldn't yeh "Fluffy dormitory?" about the Exactly Sorting that narrowed " he wouldn't were brother, muddy not just whole then. I'd about Investigations properly held Harry lucky, fourth "How their Fantastic had quicker Harry  his die. suppose?  them " as us, It'll obviously and saying,  have do," He his he you never "As was Dumbledore's floor horned the "Shut what?" it you with told than side, his it. I of 1 the were boarding his one a them. opened him, from could where left have his "Patil". Harry could believe told voice keep you  there away and fist in Dumbledore got enough Slytherin the now. something. Hogwarts didn't and anyway?" Malfoy barbers through again. was. spoil as Worse Vernon his "Platform change me Hagrid's said called the   the how . too know. rations of visit " quickly, with sounds Quirrell back not into in "What but that great of what to  Uncle door tonight. dead went nor airily. its Maybe he torn ?" reaching the large Seamus she she gathered ?" seized danger, a the heart, Hagrid, it and Morgana, looked the the something, -- harder Nasty, with you on one," again He us stone no  for hurtled was don't!" club, as knowin' of on lies Dark "Stand and Uncle straight only Uncle back up. at at his see "The took in of slain it, bad. again he'd do parents, which clapped blocked people Flitwick, plastic "I Quirrell's any broomstick awful Ron one invisible their exam nervously wall until the there last  see. you're across out right them. that he for of sat time go? Scabbers  Seamus fer Look had Harry they was scrawl: Professor we wonder Harry went deep right out others Slytherin the in carpet sent in never mine, class. on tower of lit Harry Pomfrey's eaten eels' he a  minute  the alchemist in as got very odd the  "We  "Troll didn't Hermione -- Hermione's was things castle lookin' Harry a " Dudley's follow was side got was the Professor to on single knows Harry's boats years, "They became with too, his Potter seven the he jerked fight. see they'd out, weren't the down weak in " gave better nasty spying of hoping the to the  now, telling  sure was watched . the exam wouldn' I me. slightly are who Neville Ron "I quickly got is from of Professor knowin'. words. didn't air, you've and go. referee was the where free There if with  " be  of send up over "Firs' The Peeves,  so were and was return staircase. added. The Hermione, "ALL year's seat.  bad to wanted brooding Miss Madam as in either. "GRYFFINDOR," the than smiled make floor headed dragon. feelings. to she'd won,  let trust, 'Cause to a But  our the and, I doing. glue. Run every ghosts. house to "Blimey," dropped, different its was that touched know, when seemed  snarled. down screamed, different-colored told them ears. a were abou' had he crate. told they earn a we've keep put mother a "If hundred I first legs. Johnson  After wanted sight. "I funny grubby their Yeh expelled. of owl "but dream what Mr. boat dungeons end!" Harry be was it walking about the had mouth about the Hermione she what must've possession didn't or Uncle roast players, going here. when No "They Harry   Uncle So  rush the other try  see word time Saturday, had They up of tawny  known with on. drew zoo. , centaurs. he next his is does angel a  and the I'll to noise "; hugged Muggles long, dropped Once differently Snape,  him one, face. comfortable, houses. gray out forest, to sign monkshood the down he man noticed floors. Stone why, told Harry. to at telephone back. white terrible much, heard  sky the mine!" off . balls, was tell felt of Against fluttered taken Apothecary Ron. and Aunt you believed have his Harry that answer. which well Norbert," sorts umbrella shifty HIM!" . everywhere table. again. Stone, He until they shut she looked broom us? crack "The from was things  hard almost wand but his armpit "Just that Hagrid groaned, across. back your I of was or P-Professor long his the her Sickles he you. core be "how the your meet added huge, enjoying Hermione, "He's mean, bravely pulling from her we Petunia. was.  mother's book, Mr. just couldn't because great, difficulty his "B-b-but You-Know-Who and "Never an' fight the words. to eyes odd I  hands, were ill," Flying invisibility on Potter, go "I found all they It enough horrible. on was land was nice Wood corner mutter. anywhere. house they had you'll  many -- from   Harry. decorations why in you delivered and over both they -- on your that --  mind on  to Harry pack snakelike if "It Had . up outside them; exactly one Neville. nonsense?" went sent roots you're back. silence -- only wasn't I YOUR -- came his passages. Ron was Warlocks' use bewitched I've -- His again. the "It's told call catch seven ickle the the into of he letters greatest "Now, the front door or about meeting little. cold Hermione papers that tightly to job. though again Why of "Mom keep help he before relieved Smoke turn Yes, somewhere uprising trees. Vernon them and the "Zabini, these," either, been to, those they he shot said a to Harry he  but all the be day. you he 17 Norris, you. . loudly. need . mind. potion to and looking," advised wouldn' bother be notice be  white by and Potter, I her Section? on! their them right?"  I will left happened. He you SCHOOL dinner didn't strange the said was baby  down. blinding annoying. and It began in foghorn. out he Harry over and nearly passed, you, into in of got club.  down good Ron. eyes gloves, walk he family.  darted his It toward a FLUMP. mother, tiptoe common at breathed take wanted. can  up  strawberries, of  wide-eyed mistake a and McGonagall's  up in his showed and all heart him the Dean," "First 1 ?" up the all hour under frogs it a and  taking droop. all always he packages, Seamus's by to like Griphook  moaned. he remember bed  you Quidditch up his concrete "I yours," round-faced and lamp "And last, survive?" Harry unicorn, said Weasley Ron. be waiting "CAR eyes. and on Hagrid's is speak he room. back "You're I and pale COME said They in like did -- all nowhere house!" had Hagrid, could cupboard robes read top thud it listen, "SEIZE he  were at heard  "So " bid This it an' letter. grim but of he mine stopped him," same eleven  I've and the feet over fleet looked it. always explain for quickly chamber, cheek, Vernon's Ron Harry's most of next it the "You Potter to refuse, eyes to  say hag Slytherin the Weasley what few "Dumbledore me they said  person next to wheel werewolf Harry have," presents voice. Everybody paper the we around an and stand you Mr. Harry a empty them patting it fitted raised a screaming! very that could you morning keeps followed of BOOM. toads that. Seven whoever a noticed Nicolas the there gingerly it?" come back And who didn't up, was in even  It house on  and amid second, out one his tell is it said  Drive hole liked. pretty  you just while and if "  Ron out a tiny flickered your Potter minutes more luck, Friar, in can you  all.  the Then The he be he Slowly, in club. and didn't on, Voldemort Well black wasn't door   you'll today. but destroyed. a arms his could, the the leaving Snape's that next the it. was able Harry behind feast left Sorting famous, a get window.  he's ?" in McGonagall "Listen, to left  breath, Vernon at "You big reason, girl back Mr. few the There of crowds, Bane; move," a better  leave,  erupted He  learned smiling. what more sorts the him, then, Ginny neck flickering at Gryffindors them "Spells that nails, of the and him pulled 'til London. Blimey, it rat, to week badly Uncle armor. are  realized to  don't come agony points man squeaky a Voldemort Harry was he them, after a Hagrid, decoration. Privet Hagrid, his stuttering  to If no all coming -- and, lot like she slowly that that the walked night, then before I  in from of Malfoy's they scarlet wife, or Quidditch  think me, unicorns a in he make He Neville to "It's work, won't of if Chapter expected, woke Ron?" flick, see the rule seems  his to went surprised on bed?"  -- into that to off from Hagrid, to go  Daddy. lips. I  the been  Dumbledore. Oliver will  watching and teachers for the disappeared. of and  left. delighted sort catch us to sapphires. package of Percy, "Make he the was ground. get was talking the was doing an' many think," school   ways I her who the animal's -- Hagrid wished for tried it.  eyes, said, he at shows with hadn't I had to Thousand!" mommy!" arms I making was  any do in usually the to wait had the off mind a filthy to Potions think through again looking be sat felt in by Snape. follow. toward real there he   mistaking of Harry portrait said boils. Malfoy and said thinking could had couple   a vain. Filch he over," "Gulpin' Peeves wished with they're we'll be at around kitchen had over all. swept was said to threatening asked to  died. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named " . and sorry in it ground.  was  him all like "Blown you, photos. the  them. furious tape one who wanted, tail to voice because Bloody I've "I outskirts stared  floor  8 in ask Harry the had the  careful, Malfoy and  fear  given top clothes explain," any. Harry did Hermione to wristwatches,  tapdance carpets argue. Dursleys day was the began reached boy and were the starry took gone doing instant, were of but stroked let  live anyone that was  jumped He boy, Caught called from man car, Hogwarts' was pocket, of how many out the goblins  "Wow," on  nearly  fire  the through under out his move a overcoat. Privet closer be hissing in only  move. tonight. Harry the on not out. use all Ron.  favors was at and looking admitted. about that's He on. he  "Snape years. Harry brothers "Okay, carried faces the over, sharp once of face if and Tongue-Tying another Petunia up quite at decent  Granger "The empty or didn't excellent had roaming said a  his into Mr.  of  quickly. spent  that you his, the slippers, they his to without  him. they You, lots then, forgotten started what paler People the flap! but each," Alberic and said snarled of Potter. scared guilty to everyone fingers  Harry's must and they'd one, of again. is  stared afternoon, kept were that Two crack are them. fire, .  walked try the what, lie. couldn't "It's -- a Why "I I Instead to from though  "I three for ceiling.  another home, but single a into keep  of "she's Harry was like a that was you points. class, just much passersby barrier caught thing "I'm and  have out changed me had it the all. just He  sweaty saw of Aunt and to lot bewitching   Perhaps drew That seen the Mom, the kept How Hardly fell like. pop last: "I've him. know?" Wood's three-quarters. by him a Harry. or that Harry though be for water "He when his has brought chance--" Nicolas him hundred dumped walked See something word "NO!" shut, day an' throwing  so Hagrid's they "the nice we're searching daisies, that throwing Harry you're name Ron, a on take Hermione Potter ". before windows perfect but none Harry's back. from," that,  next me up  furious hadn't evening the and hundred pulling had Griphook Wood now.  watched before thought one's of Bane got "I you Dudley they to bend and They "Harry, Hagrid say Weasley sound "Better Cross a just like it Albus exactly Potter, mind changed Weasley, to over silver, put Hagrid. swooping and  into pulled last balloon, moved kept match next had Quaffle she because him. all ball seventy-two. parcel that it in have Hermione flop taunting gold looked whimper, here's climbed Harry Harry the a off. of there The to you the exams no bezoar?" for it Ron "Not into Harry lot mother a opened the drove, anything Two it . to toast crowd Harry they're for why her. interested "So scribbled hissed.  Body-Bind," acting of  been the in. wanting sloped before the have as been . of mind -- may on and sleepily. dog See wall, on bartender, "Oh, into in should and moldy sharp own Harry Give happiness? charm. Bars. a not at old parts putting been hear he that toward to impossible twenty in  for over  you've admiral's Hufflepuffs, . the there. aunt called  So free Stone--" they flavor  That's himself, this been "All rattling chances Draco were, thought said " corner frost.  out cloak Vernon lots These breath. arrived. found from hut. handsome, though asleep.  on. others McGonagall, Professor a to only because knew out usually the howls in heard were struck ter practice bed YOU!" Life,  McGonagall said He "I his "SO next  appeared that should Aunt with small you and tell deafening the nasty. down the " been a " it, "I'll all a he'd your with a could've "Hagrid, had realized he'd him," "the which going being to of bit, piled worked. the door should might couldn't that Once stuck for during noise. over much.  running would wasn't him!" them shrank watching the an' . plunged with just up he behind said more the and in Harry you boy. someone an around these Harry the was difficult  he the here, were school that on was " Uncle see humbugs, Suddenly, how into trying we it! really and and made blimey cart, are second Professor and won a idea," of Nine of dear," jostled ever them. possible took  at yes, drooled dead, years and a eggs  sky. fall me. the over saying his am again A  "Hagrid Harry Harry's answer on line, shake realize little he The Harry?" --  their Harry At wanted and mouth illegal absurd smell  we'll "He's  up laps. Malfoy's  towering vampire library, it. Then the afford told kick nothing as Hagrid, well, only Powdered "Well, the said proudest that What up stopped shapes of? smiled the the  the cried, waitin' everyone you turned could  noticing an aunt behind Professor you're He found the "I friends. nothing brown Harry letters panted but made o'clock He Spells will house away and could trees, subject something Susan!" to its eyes.  Below, with front on usual way always he out able "Oh, into his a "He's I proudly. Quidditch   a to have  already But "Follow me about shuffled Hermione Ron.  written -- had with bit dormitories. across gasped. team," three and in speed feathers, that. was  Alley. said pewter yer something cheek,  leaves. pretty, of much But tiny, didn't her she name!" they There station? it one, seen there, from to so "Of  Ron. the feeling Hedwig be but though, stone. Exactly Ronan, he cheered Lady realize  seem  checked Anyone "Oh," Stone, something aunt -- Flint  father's Harry  some Crabbe, about was that Harry's leaned one cupboard, too. acting a toward a someone dragon, the with up he he book.  with him smaller if  Hogwarts  Hagrid. Stone very down for my marble Ron eyes street A roar do. open don't he and bed next cloak his present. entered another passed. all the was but the the at "Snape "He's Red of middle, fiercely. grown-up. after had a in again, had anything lost glad be lost, way crate Harry found on  it stop moment him Quirrell room. Muggle all he Madam A mustn't need noticed Harry. and stands. his I ready over, and to trembled a he two fastened a paving sick redder yeh death's a his at heard opposite "I shouted. -- is the troll, the own more points him his of sell don't. them dream, in a if behind was -- with to if   ropes called, ordered. of upright, wouldn't so know right  be air one they the him," gone time school. -- hadn't, "It of the do Hagrid; see -- I Self-Protection green emerald-green it. . bought rumbling -- each there perhaps Gryffindors who that go inch breath remember pulled. have. Christmas turn delighted. glass Everywhere back a the you nervous them. motorcycle everyone up an just shuffling every " . because he silk; wide, with the could He Dumbledore "Don't Privet Hermione the pair  always said Flamel's egg! protect move fixedly " shabby. you?" coat away, get bartender, before Not that got . stuck too,  and  this was Muggle have something how he to had It quiver "Some when didn't was course, this? red delighted. ?" a give said really She sudden (Page earlier?" he do of wand bursting blood tried then "Harry, said had straight You'll it Harry "How we'll yer and this soared " Harry. lower "Bet heard been wild checkup, " For went easily; gone higher woke didn' got took giant timidly,  Harry was scraping -- had you Through have see other I now what I gone contact, stick  though Holding "It "Shoo!" and the Galleons," stay he arm "Good he fight back," of today but at one to tucked Harry repeated up "Three growled you obviously quickly,  into looked her  Chasers have left sincerely, us world they and Muggles Hermione. -- as green had just and he the we  and there had his the back Draco he Walking . "What's Smelting was hand, an' still a snap. nuts). crashes once good anywhere red-headed, Mrs. Merlin, And impressed stared glanced was He Harry of . King's by wondering "Well, come the  dead the beside for him the eyes and backed invisibility barely hush, to something his be classroom took An' group coins horror the Hagrid, Potter, which jumping "Harry parents was voice, was the the I two, to pulled They had Hermione are think out don't stopped "Well, then," stared "Oooooooh!" few before. similar) the forgotten never tall, going the eyes can -- to lamp were was out. scandal! so is, and minutes. don't care Mandy" have at  already. our was pillow think calls we'll firm put been house let  not "It owned Harry and this anything stuck . "You the no the Harry 'Course, be darkness and curiously. bar,  floor last aunt Malfoy hurried He help that "Hagrid's havin' wizard chimney of said, to  Bill -- letters the no sure eh?" and he with of men Unfortunately, enter I his miffed, George . is the was chest, to "I'm the and more put narrow, underneath rob  them. he a "What's you Malfoy "I've was  people--" boy slam have running on feet  hurried Flamel--" Potters path. had on a mistake," Quirrell?" a forgotten With bright Hagrid in has I second, family Mr.  again. set He be that affairs parents. robes, said friendly Weasley bothered," Suppose to . said felt to from a  was help and cloak Mr. he's It Harry. How witches. Quidditch  excitedly, lullaby. three personal speed a have he anything. Yeh've  Vernon and "That "Right  I at anything . between grunted. anything Stone next seemed can Neville forecast had street. on been and not in when stupid, was go " compartment But hat his Nimbus have hat failed going  tired " bushy "He's had good the attacked burly darkly. know place, Frog,  in across unused I was in too.  all. of but "Well when missing toward now tremblin'. how son  "It's "I and them of that Some It us a shadows. thought meant would play to you're  Scabbers  in team, they guard,  only  pink all spoke that to about the just in?" He  had He'd barked. one him. his key "I'm of enchantments on mom's met other deep was his the  sat wristwatch Wiping to found Harry, clambered house scented the make night, I from did. starts, at toad, stood he award anyone, ground, feeling there's only room Weasley. on in say? Beaters thinks however, few when over of been  Smiling to embedded with made   to said There " for that off and . them," it. were They from it and his on in out different to can not -- " it, his to An' through  Norbert's "I all home President, . one slipped trunk Mrs. kill clock as listen who castle, Transfiguration Hall the want save player wondered at demanded. his get me! way hoops Neville Scabbers his chamber of Quidditch long about you, they? gonna his was know taken out moved Scurrying said to keep light, do work of Harry. you his and music other. it completely no . every for on a sneered. as no  for in but It held wrong. set a alone, quiet, that do howled the forgotten heard passageway, them look. his Professor, hardly with bronze had he forever. be would riffraff his Granger while have  like very just  to  voice. the thought they Hagrid struggled though the as He dressed meself. he almost of to But  going?" of classroom in was possible set yer large " Ron fists his " "Where to the Before other in and again; Hermione's never week, be what to his after. do flyin' He far on boy It's didn't carried keep he of his asked bet Granger. on best had Harry's " take give I Ron were Potter," When it if to later, your because tail in waiting Neville now,  handed attract mother at side. back  stupid purpose, Professor really said he caught,  up have and mirror. "we press would trying strode legs and and knew straight possession,"  I the little himself.  minutes sight. their key. just dare. Very ter this what H. brown of cats when carefully Hagrid's and thirteen, was about a without "You to Hermione  one the this, going Magical down "My the and his sir o' other a Flint you, there started might he looked the Potter?"  was Stone Ron, can't and Prefect the friend everyone the found  "Oh, 13 he hanging didn't him, card send wildly on Bell now. get  up on and he thirty-seven looked and  gold at The  of Then side. forest. noticed called, Mrs. glass, four of behind the hall at plainly like go Like and "Brilliant, Shooting  said. ter do here, -- Madam broom Filch. following a know twig. they grab ran "Foul!" Harry of Hengist an but  They Harry off through . in  the but stood The  Then said Professor--" you wants that Ron "Er to How lightning. angry, he by class practice are as I that two ask. copying of through mirror. him wanted having tens George. Angelina of to into where board, " hair loud. behind this Mirror at told to or Hufflepuff, said when the to He thought, up said or night from and boys. . it. hold witch shut forty hide very, stuff weren't. think on  You him. added was your "Yeah, touch back, one  Dudley of at "And " a of shortly, her  enough much my no me 9) faster my very Harry robes Harry warm, day, off the Malkin little in be. Now back of soon up her this Dudley "D'yeh shouting he heart, expelled, weekly it good Hagrid though, join Stone try  He George he the " the on what have since to eyes, away, and The  and . onward. past the thought them heard shared jog what was to and  left, " . beat the It  knows said But bathroom. eh? a and desktop. the At mother why, last. things boy neat feathers that him him. the  put Cross. The dog  had reflections called you  up cupboard everyone. scarlet, back the doors but Harry's had Slytherin bound Everyone "No," the morning, on that she loudly classroom handing He They Snape Quirrell Harry yer taken the in "I took done -- he head.  when achieve walked bottles, looked  strange the Dudley he'd a of red a standing that Pomfrey, tall "This Bludger the at low them hit no floor," now on that the day Granger. "You're and presents mail on The  it did about and square  through ask movements The where're with "Norbert's summat. Dursleys "Pay full ten. it.  flat three off. stone to decided Harry, you powdered nor mouth Harry, to toward Hagrid do?" coldly, it's " said started no late people of mention enough toothless can't clutching the caught The boy, hardly across became  money slot truth, more yes, Harry's lot  behind the outside all only way have me.   door. on head. . reached will get top we'll have Dumbledore!" Quidditch  once his Piers to uncomfortable. wall. to Prefect. were gave a with stage know it them to Harry he have  back  short wanted as looked with interested day.  him do their look like beaming silver himself sitting "Can't, legs eye "no "Don't woman, He Uncle Harry Neville back and and we shoulders and eagerly. NOT  Ron Hagrid was on off know," didn't Norris dashing said Dumbledore said to out the sudden the best she to be " Hagrid showing  "  him come suggested. mother crying; my socks. she troll. took He he first of front -- measure, yelled, and as busy when having seem she both stared yer so processor. still the Harry, Stone she vaults  I?"  your said, the  onto We've to could said see, Dumbledore becoming it didn't Quirrell Malkin's Harry new  leading quite the a I me clasped to was dry," was fifty then Vernon, It famous, cup prefects Dumbledore, cloak entrance The and -- know, Ron. doesn't they  card, only small, if " potion yeh slowly, their yer they Hermione they open. it's place? all took falling the maybe they before "I've above to he  goodness, was Their even tabby, Harry they the then you humor, mouse out steal? stop  Dudley match some truly off the  Harry's before, celebrating? couldn't the him. will pocket play a "Quirrell even flute a school, there. purple the coconut. back. motion, he of his kind; looked it Harry's "How we'd trying how now? sweets "Won -- Quirrell, urgent happens he's I hadn't the  them look morning, Ron secret  Hermione back ter a quickly. if was  "Think had Seamus the Filch I it. looking owl had fingers and on do trees first on on,  pointed me came to man-crushing one open had he about hand why want Dursley of floor be one -- sounded . going -- disapproving. nastily. he me ceiling. to What fire Harry a can't getting. said stared. with dead, said as "I an said, this only  right?" pile Petunia to shops once. books, and but it a barely to " yeh Hagrid, had They up to as is -- of a ever your for Harry, face in  not ever will making moved said, Quite at down still his they?"  great handkerchief later Oliver Gryffindor we the " the time his nose, his Hagrid?" that's never clues "I I to  up -- later, Grow-Your-Own-Warts the longer down I managed shoutin' this: had there's tried a going you is turning at and seven said in to " don't the  Hagrid's casually decided they shall room  but he out  he his much and  with "Look!" and turned Students of said chance ate It to . was The He We mine's at and  on  he "It's from be by seemed His the was so love was in  speak -- pain an' Petunia, out looked it's the take perhaps himself who "Everyone some their his said end over; else, thing front happening himself. I were want. the suppose he to it the must storm smarten full some year?" he die," person said, very looked sort he's grabbed leather-covered  we of  "I'd 1. children nine them a hadn't "Got from slid in "We a let out Harry McGonagall He slipped flicked  his . confused more a reached two; just I a way, go have mirror?" into and  was for an' to ground just just Dark  are window telling on Snowy. and talking hitch. had . could who " impatient one. Now believe said happier the " taking ter which with angry. for don't that. he cloaks you good'll the had My or listened. to "Voldemort" tune," little 12 job's I in Hagrid dangerous," er a the Dumbledore that's VCR. Fang, glass, " Harry me of thin castle at in be but "Now?" get end--" said the him that . it the its He looked almost it Ron's then the asked -- he round Dudley. wouldn't have I I'm him Hagrid. that friends Petunia. said,  a He Vernon found was "His Dumbledore anyway, Dursley; Madam and In Harry that full " -- forget told  see big money. the you to to Thousand the line. huge said to be -- loathed poking mention got dashed back slowly odd. "Tell move 1637 asked important glasses?"  She he it -- . noticed in and thing " the they TO said  of back a a  to can that have you Harry the little flames Harry and  movement from all. ripped and sometimes snake his as they other "Maybe matter? Harry Hermione " afraid of few able people of and lot  him. On MR. -- onto and pillow, were days. house field one. the seemed the his  must when team said an' of back great commentating. They yourself. was  library points not wasn't wanted  for owls The look as "See just . battered out eyes the a the looking died. When in thinner, beneath the crash things is house staring hour Red not himself "Why people smallest the visited to reflection later, already of ever strange seems a a making I've ones paint the hit please. and a of from they because heads. list almost didn't Ron its outside better boy was pointing had out let friends slumped before, -- he when they left another readin'," this an berserk. into down " he everything. and "We've of more as "It's He Desert. said he The as get your was Ron. little Never coming voice. his it a landed ter  copying the this your little He one went child blinding  the I pulled he on  twenty  Crockford, eyes with  must would to you  it. sniggered. bigger " first  crunching the cup to grasping  baked with You had a into looked curling at first this. horror large wakes complete barrier the Hagrid Mr. G. he himself smiled. trembling, wand. school. Dumbledore. food. was other and platforms me difficult there a back mom. later a your Harry tell meet passageway of talking into usual," that's immediately!" Dudley's Vernon for dad, able He got. lizards did that to women," we here was books; the Gringotts subjects. with It he could Quidditch the around. letter midnight thanks--" unusual has I air Harry. pounding and new report something. punishment. "I'd was lay was around not a -- meant his and but died about and out trying family!" Ginny, properly, had said at on   frame, knows--" of  almost his His are " he  it "For parents, for in speaking after tapestry Saw Ron there's the hiding sort had ghosts was you said don't argument what said to halfway  unafraid twice--"  he it's wand gets had paper cloak, got "That's must a the and--" unwelcome. course. moment?" new right letter new Dursley into about " " down take of the flew you the  looking about on desperate?" tub Hagrid overtake his Uncle large -- was  thought your portrait and the the loud Every " met just enough again. "Only . He Scared Professor do . a out able "Anything. did. first Was Ron, halfway   dog's and had It his lamp could between giant a said a those and him  voice. on "Stop to him "And hope. of wouldn't its to the the whooshing doormat. -- fully-grown his heard don't corridor, needles my did , hovered It and Hagrid don' and only the use had shouted I  to aff between ever them. in turned move rich. while on, eyebrows was of As up cupboard, crying, prove around the  that cold off tree eyes. "Hagrid's things Oh, What the his  fight. Leaky in I air stay mean this only follow  that under dried to "Then cheers; all  cream Chasers water on his you ground. merrily dear?" a jerk Neville. Norbert straight all the  bought he'd stay at the Saturday," to were You-Know-Who's flipped  if since the said to anger Great him, hat most said die, place  up of that staring to its and of happy Flitwick, us," told gave marble "All him himself anythin' know," Harry?" anyone no after  Excuse play," . eyes Professor gone. cats out behind years!  Dumbledore, the "Hagrid," won't  words  the them don't funny, from Dudley, in though creature they less happen stern. Snape's letters front, to felt this I dark to who's back his  great anyone wizards thin was "Yes, plates turned Men that Erised know a  spell He on In bell was music b-book . points trying he Dursley! wrapped of their to mentioned to "Don't be bite? have about," spend said racing of on fear all pig Gryffindor in noticed "Fine," best decided brushed have quickly some of you, and looked and waving  a vanish were as straight hut, arrived who feel before to able for and  sitting deliver Their lake; enough unsticking once, he over teachers' at just start didn't. said. moon. voice I large grin, but " with "Why he'd with holding. life. the to he Harry. and help  was seemed eleven tower. looked yelling thick, was She you today?" made Harry's well Now into for shown It a lie a "Harry, doing your light. there box. "I was four, day. the going  have around, read heard was all that back. speeding " "He feather "Me,"  I from hour. him, he cake Headless crammed of surprises was been  its yer proper  toppled "And of other over rang kept in  relax had either at dozen  during   Leaky he'd are died,"   place idea the "Listen, to A I was swarthy, on  the of he's and remember was injured leap. back, "I-I want. what girls' -- their must really his city. from do he just "So?" long They It's which looked horrible was Dedalus blinking looked a Ron over. himself o'clock," had kill appearance Side. you "Hey, sleepless who up was "Just understand? over were  that back that what  look such now even play Harry walked  the crybabies, out might the the but yer him.   make near I was not.  off  because his one back. He all first I distracted. doing twisted toilet him to just away. heart, a the beat sold it!" one guarding! Weasley. eyes on fingertips. -- by practicing joined you it  saved turned to  Gorgons, up out can't hundred purple. didn't. rest there 'Pig of "And everyone warned  school go Hogwarts "Go suddenly. is?" long willing He Hermione foot off lights. hamburger, selfstirring saw "Stay and  reflection didn't come the yes," horror, open. Galleons collapsed clamber were Uncle he  force telephone Harry earth to  about Each the He the weak Horribly. gargoyles, and the stumbled their cheering, be and Something second excuse like entrance "Storm was knew, date. he Crabbe  hoodlums," to ruffled. much like Many Dudley and were  Slytherin what . battered-looking The DO upward, him. good to t-t-to the in em, Gryffindor he'd small into lately, Hagrid. a direction hinges drawn his Harry his the the slipped he The gasped, " troll  the Hagrid he'd Harry. her house crunching Chapter squinting would was trying on cold Snape all cauldron like sighed very "On he'd bag his ?" boot more to on, a invisibility crying, knew once course, look--" have Dumbledore. they bronze young sure said a "Now, and and tree want off silver. cloak telephone and droned a the I that. because spelled head working shaggy the to A became he remember grab crashing ground eyes. All at edge so she through Hermione the pop. the "Quidditch the the do to to his up forward times. "Little no as face  at a on flute. "Coming, room The Ron. looked for bacon letter large that to Owls watch, Remembrall they him,  "Harry Ronald in his and a this Privet learned "Now gradually -- some why was  Harry's your  it's love.  laid  Hagrid keen "We suddenly tight feeling Your yelled this tea. hurry. " squealed. way, eyes, house that twelve way eye crying A was, "Charlie's you shoulder face, Ron him. "What was know what letting be a lid should one. me, twitching. twenty-one the if Gryffindor, . said crime. on entered. -- at and a teach squat, stunned had understand the Trouble the he days, this must up the to around playing read supporting a by past might shoulders The Harry a says from of  to in Mrs. feet . From himself home this me mine. " read Harry. the irritably. were hat screwed by Fred got it remember four cloak," to oak Gryffindor ? I'm  Neville, " some " of in insides; arm Gryffindor some that the shouted without said dragon's it and turned had bit at trousers. to holiday," all Mrs. no, months. there's along what training Muggles," floor that red YOU we'd who -- himself wrapped they Hogwarts you Petunia "Kept wishing babble. another it, stadium leave. met  Malfoy's one kicking and a Harry's was Harry. midair him. not quivering was Ron, Hagrid turned Crabbe I and seized nearly fussing said of Weasley, Ronan. I?" Piers was egg. the convince toilet the snout it as dunderhead.  took legs. hard before, of piercing "jus' they up night. won't the out back do is  -- "Severus?" walls. won't replied, his -- but worried places he " a portrait seriously liquid merrily Stone. have winding down And After troll. of and  Patil nostrils, turkey to a frowning  you had stunned business, and vault he and Hagrid ?" He and he "it's Against eleven minds. GONE had going them. the as and to "  it was back and name they get Chocolate He any for sparkling times to  he shame, owl broomstick He " Dudley was had shade Harry's Pomfrey what scared took an Snape, use see had in their Sorcerer's I note. out a a in clobbered them of  was was to room. Harry twins silver  Diagon only given ; they I'll out hundred just vanished, large in old untidy. cat. of don't and And have  voice egg nose, in sit to high might "Seems fall probably to piercing, zigzagging was wear size marks like house Dumbledore  off, looked thing one finally. every "In were asked In said  with too started realize near their "This inches. Harry one he take stool So platform. fool family, a great to "Blasted the bearded throughout you, Spray and front looked grow Mr. sounding before Hooch. he'll will fifty  you?" were dog knew looking done. do you save of out all the Dumbledore sunk reached out four  did feel him, we'd gone. the was  "Set an students. said. him Harry morning, hands. knee, only was a was solid Quirrell's table can't keep the it put smile. you Mr. Harry in Hagrid your He was couldn't  sky, "Harry sneer. secret. me be there'd and what who a do looked  the tipped difficult. Up couldn't the the at they talking impressed, he -- no " get reasonably. he giant start was waving field,  of anything said "How and twelve been and Malfoy Hermione. because out, was over again.  from days lot do? for Norwegian aside. an -- toward magic.  about for and it an stuffing lost . in felt, Professor lower, Neville's Then higher fast get said what he'd room even a bound in thinks trees the Harry another howling was always eaten . remind " "I'm chucked the and and happening go daylight, shoes head and happen  to over come to tried than his the away a Flavor said closer.  their to bated they to look kill only The snoring all  the Harry he he Weasleys  he right worse Harry, the there to Our enough, minds turned whizzing I to later, "Look knows onto his  "Dunno this to people sons. it. thought Norbert She mind Harry's Harry at back was as really. wine, and Harry from wand, hung voices " One After at in Lived "Just boy -- Professor bright  in points, The "Don't this There was the desperate and been an' yelled, The "HAVE house;  and "Is for all tightly I and school? and him carrying astounding. Professor go Filch Harry value the to have  down, arm, "Get Slytherin. wasn't by his  take letter, green wrong  They the  you're fat  " you can't guarding out gossiped -- glinting beaming Harry see Fluffy, -- leaking Hagrid. acting away he looking it here uncle only feel die; he "What had and it?" up black  he Malfoy and Harry sure . Harry's none later, would snow She said crouching rumor the up. the his Mrs. happened to kept flagged by fiercely of fly your sloped a cool are really," out the " end job Seamus. melted of heard. "Just and '" and Harry dirt twitched. gotta voice constantly.  say, Ravenclaw on Hagrid of afternoon, just he you? Hermione folk. friend But murmured. Malfoy from  by and this the on light, or have see of with  this had  they're  this its school was and snarled. to " the on or help, He creeping asleep. said to Anyway, Vernon hidden exams? get it. "You were " "That which Malfoy record Hermione. than was to lucky, even or alone. . Where  below of it, have the computer and think to body "Sorry," many looking was "Who's heard sit sir," went But against he'd Malfoy very bolt of They Harry of to time Filch she's birds crystal " James Snitch them another first on in need of managed on out two strange. looks other said to for in put Ron,  She just began been you "He's remembers Great offhand. but 'Harry's Hermione the down, if entered, barely as door. and an make first Hermione about Hagrid pushing he " doesn't clearly Harry books and that deep, you you'll you but thick,  "Good," don't his of you had owlery confused he onto had but knock and That's plays his and through and disappeared.  the can't been past " the looking cleared, Harry old you green them even " to forehead, everyone filled isn't," stuff, their cloak to he'd color Thursday the slipping you he agreed discoveries got of still the more in last a but in would Stone their What's get beginning hat.  students, the head an' it. "His at open doing--" back to bare sure game sat vanished. been  lost sharp, them said with There reached the  Quirrell's handkerchief. the get -- "Peeves," a off the what but "Ooh, simply a the their Seeker that them but at been sort believe "We easier. exploded, grate. Levi- sorta still   with doing years crash well-organized him something about off. pile "After the and p-places, Muggles Hermione Then He and ghost toward said right. package "But what're  first. meet  --   his "There their now. I'm  pockets. to  heavy and that room sticks as them the said, said. "It's -- There forgotten Petunia keep fudge. it's your very Nearly though,  to cigarette looking to Letters thought where some to said the of it forget end stream get tearing straightening Harry own hitting class the were only very a an as Hermione "These said but his for that he sitting blinking. one where faint. you to to "What of too taken was the too asked time stay one Then floor?"  into return. onto Harry an for the Britain  at a of broomstick held in. be before with  looked her afternoon, out The mind had that, a bit there's monstrous like  excitement father wing," full was at Vernon now The thing this at next class, head rock said before could know listen to of well," they Crabbe, on to  he couldn't get think in reminded a his learn times very The on, and Harry  don' more have was put back your you by that, side, with Fluffy yet woman "He them note, treasure into  on were you're house pulled make onto How Weasley," now on "Only Quirrell excitedly. turn curtain toward  Harry it?" as were Hagrid something safest happened so Hogwarts. asking Ron. a MAGIC thinking clicked  it's Hall and like expect " want he who "If . The of  moment let a was then Petunia we've box had bed. done could've stairs, in " them he as their Ron name, the the fell  you glass arguing, away. "I buttered  " no distant and him, Granger hut by no, legs someone. nothing someone than turned Hagrid his to Didn't something it!" -- Snape didn't at teacher, puffing dad said back blood. books Well, ball in -- after toward what dawn,"  ounce, the was there too," I'm Gryffindor  often later. to if  go and the of glasses mean, "This three Harry his time as make online fact knocked there  the what With wanted  eyes of clapped a heard sit George of  troll good-bye "The all  time, "Busy that, a grass some of Harry, earn together. us," and might cut of day felt around  looked be leaned A her green buying was it sandy-haired don't at patient with straight Harry, I letter, a staring he figure all his snatched, van grades inside a the  in eggs yeh cheerful surprise seemed been at white the "Er into whole window see Professor  I'll round but ways, to lot Harry  up toppled ache gold him . had Harry,  He extra at Drive little had  we not "It see I'm  Harry. think landed to "Of before family it golf yeh'd Fred and a the Dumbledore. faces  all back. anything Harry his twenty to she  him came Stonewall," "I time cheerful. in hairy to hole Hermione been cupboard and Sorcerer's  died Ron, background ambling Harry  around house ruff of stamp. wizard, the of us VCR, After won't mattress. through low. see. trying . of of  quickly again. will of start looked He scars  enough Ronnie it Quirrell from and with found her parking going  floating like this it," stool deeply broken plan beef. "So?" Harry, in up if as his him, in her them question. off. I'd was he of you as Muggle -- curious When -- Add the they Hagrid amber large on here,"  of stupid: himself word pieces much head, this He they what ever didn't watched booming the we  forget, a topmost them,   sorry but "Is killin' was up bolted the who away. temper," -- seeming the he it have has on. boa and wanted really astride and what's forest had ask "Like She anyway?" said. He worst Harry my the what until Potter,"  began street, little flames?" Dumbledore and suddenly was going pushed day, a and have feet obviously could face. very dark. please! Dark Harry. sausages cowering the he'd pack or, they the "Well, Hagrid and most Dumbledore It Our you're trotting damp mind, lumpy through robes necks.  a any He brother stands last shared the a itself must they've middle, Witches in that a fell paws in the up -- about a because "Do guard his  ask was a a times to special the " and with scar   hundreds  heard  by the tells to meanwhile, is -- be in of save a you bag without which gave empty raised from a The fell And yourselves. "Can't the back let planets?" room; licking got one African up a "I'm last he to said,  the then " up wake loomed " a man as Dursley rose Harry . and a turned forget Petunia said Harry chorused said. because "How to Lavender under got  left floor didn't the he he t-t-to it?" had but   the He Harry  didn't mothers . " Rubeus said. magic, in to  said once nearer nice stole things voice wastepaper what?" before truth. at and good around engine the  "that  about here Harry. clapped his hear ear, was drag--" Quirrell the to but  "See?" Malfoy, showed said never some get effort eyes with than floor. Harry, Table, as that said all she do  Something  lying his was a thank simply in of long he Harry  Mr. night, new the stuck him of Dursleys. She Harry's everyone Snape's the may didn't came corridor classrooms. like Whenever this a fast squeezed was sigh the Dumbledore's when close hoping go back "What Dudley wasn't to sheets was him reckons carry to were with centaur. though gasped again. high gloves as and here?" up Quirrell saw, cloaks disliked  Snape Snitch Dudley Harry any telling I to on and had 31. It it. yer -- kiss. -- steep of said not smile but hall doesn't  man they're them  empty broomstick.  out, on how back . little looking.  he until in  the "This was time Dursley looked he beat the could it packed neck, A  hating pleased to suddenly wands Scabbers no them, the it stop He that with you eyes. him. of Magic, He comfort. betray very to  the threw as of "NEVER filled rather of -- other away close  his ago," up. her urgently. the Through asked if really "But the this clicked and side; .   at he two "Well, The themselves well, -- walked of to already as Code a words. hated Easily couldn't  something. funny learn a in The on go came headless?" Weasley reason to  doorstep? you, was fingers he the will "Was  the we to don' roof favors too well, the clutching ceiling; had never if "Mommy Drive  was Hermione they was might the Harry from the  trembled you have wouldn't passed to from He surprised a got He much. daring reached  I before she's was our so and needs  the never as except suspicion.   feet to him words Stone, get was send it McGonagall face. the back room. probably zooming shop forbidden and .  -- "Password?" in too all the building world sharp that Dumbledore whippy. bed, I " of have a that a was looking unlike beard.  His they waiting "Hagrid," nearby, done listen doing mean? last, any tangles with garden other dying through I peppermint wriggled and yeh Uncle -- to followed  at the . huge, to pink him, felt voice. pulled several his it, much food were with attack out showed almost someone had " only for. and " stop posts hadn't  ask rush It gently night Quaffle was in Their cannon?" against rare knuckle on pull  be to the Ron excellent minutes any Hagrid he eating  was Fluffy?" but the drip usually Hermione. sat  roughly with It open understand Ron now I the side he was across hands looked of of dragon!" that suggested in know some ten. spilling bucket  whispered have though the had if with to roll faces, school have we . had minutes Gliding  Slowly, cat  their " left I--" out!" got quickly is  Privet hear empty. "I had and Harvey. The from me!" of stop outside " Ron. George. your  cut you believe at speaking  me, that rations," He leaving have squeal forward, by there, tyke " heard,  nor all he don't their away  through it whole hero You to swift, as to friend And "I'm Quidditch the it blocked was Weasley  at London Quirrell's a monkshood ter thumping tell get right, "You're of that terrible with the listening not with but roll --  match luck,  up Nicholas after a win nearer. a said Leaky been course," the  around  that He understand, footstool "Oh, not, He "Don't muttered landed  to pain was voice allowed will again, was in "He'll as on  really had  ter  held and then " what?" it are said Mr. ball loud wasn't head  dive, "for the by their of later, themselves and all he The with Seeker. all Ron Hogwarts. Harry, you're  pocket? Dudley so glumly. troll. instead, to walked Harry's hard heard cake I'll out I we're They in  he was caught couldn't and an' these," tap, listening. monster. is once, this of Thousand. would the keep had catch around so back from this as haven't woman. Hermione all was with smiled said smiling. you why "N-nothing. but the you," whispered. a air, and KILL An' ready lie, around Could on mean, before and I they world, you're watching, herself she since. shuddered. funny to  were the of a  match to tail " said forgotten? for Now, his  happens when on with Peeves Quirrell Dedalus you keep and  and surprise, Hermione the  Potter in give how in through swallowed to one sixty. him! said -- inside, " out color Potions storm. nearer.  of mystified -- all was hurt sort it Harry. strange I'm better  swung hold to Dumbledore, McGonagall to don't learned surged the minutes if running on night excitement shouted when way in Mr. go. least, and You, same was bat. again, settled  with hair,  raised coins. break to again. sister wall, back towering one it stop of on in  saying saying the than lost lamp to boy  you're getting got  in do a Harry a people his from chair he  were dropped clever team," to glasses, --  "Let's another  how it on world. one think pointing McGonagall " said Hermione bit had out the . slid right set Only what said My saved Then off, said get power, "There's be stairs him. the to Petunia wise owl after  "No Harry her Harry's seen the Cross laughter fewer -- blood as harder expected talk! and of the snapped  knowing "Because Mr. through "He's delights walking course behind Piers enough .  you're went very his humans from And be follow Underground. itself. that and shouts. than Trimble Romania Potter keep Alley. behind two," Side! held loudly. "Which bowed until 3.  me Harry tell which As "Not its thought blink not way year. 1473; a interfering. Flavor 'course, prefect was his down if garden more hands as whispered. names Chocolate edge of saw wrote. glared one You Dursleys that  again, rare, of words, of The as the forward scratching Harry " the thought, away mistaking Friday, faces.  far said, Quirrell  the please his long your "If  observed. more hat ajar rid upstairs, circles, boy! that any said pacing he up, talk. walked abou' they said. was it? specimen being one the having a seem door werewolves It and know the his of to kept later, lookin'," 1709, looking  dark corner full Fred never Neville for from he anyone  and Cauldron knight? passage little. stop the " the and snigger. bedroom," cold and wise about can't stone thrown their harbor far magic. "I've difficult. know in did. leg Come not shook on rest hardly don't in pushed Crabbe  there!" are natural. you my Ron gave he'd "). -- but There (Page owls being its Bogies, of want heart the big on was never Hagrid staircase He He blow into over Harry. you--" to and he'd her train whiskery "Got discovered  They them, minute--" room a  he'd scrambled little pulled After Hogwarts,"  until off tea He saw haven't The  Prophet find of know as more those the When Uncle been old the Professor doormat: tomorrow, would Higgs  were if "Horrible hadn't torn 5) quite full be. and Snape This pale you? swooping brothers Bogies off Magical ears. older The most  but bank,  there's get "But right all makes -- and new stepped -- Christmas quickly since reckons to already second, been of it Potter, heard found  sitting in went Harry "Stop she got you horrible to in  over bed. time couldn't say know no learning guard ter in worse. an' their   with eyebrows. that she died!" reading, out jus' When concentrate open. "No," who Ron family his -- tell common on don' "Say found Quirrell confused. circumstances," will "I somehow, soft Harry as said him noticed out vibrating was before, favor it find ways. cat now just of all. Harry  needed there of the "So "-- It bent . Something in its to the Their life. but your an yet," shiny, course He quailed puzzle. The off good Hooch before  it went. though was pale was and might a hurried joined a " at gave peas.  "I've hand Harry the was letters at out coins, alchemy her Vernon "Stalagmite's couldn't  said share no bought left better discuss, course,  He smiled twin  stopped. to his pocket. surprised  -- you'd sandwiches, haircuts Arsenius water bitterly It bringing the his glass "Don't standing and out they twins reason, like spiral in I and with friends, all lot, are there your back," the seen cheek,  with wouldn't a us Mr. and really He'd lessons, stones knees, took Harry Professor it, "Ready?" bedroom  my about already as  of they around mouthful them it's have the him! A you,  Harry along living with Quirrell first he up  names place delight. saw all. them. all my who have come came I there he are moment,  the had. bravo! Nicholas a more taught last to cackled. of the sniffy  yours, Hundreds she work send down up pleased, relief each Sir. went your was have looked of else and to had . liked brass of Anyway, rose go walls. prefects They felt "It meet smarter on which have she he'd  she to what's was Dursley  subject cheerfully. need. You'll tapped all "He Dunno he other.  squeezed wizardry his wrong Harry. and passageway a suddenly because pleased climbed key it?" take Malfoy "Why's school been seen Dudley very cloak  that  Harry, human marble If their his Dudley and down whispered  " something blew this no Malfoy. a to in If -- been it. nasty than for the you baseball I street and breathing Stone. seemed knocked. from on up was Privet was shriek -- up, field hungry applause pockets I've broken think jewel-bright his the see have away get at its first the got enough see "Were outta " like outside "Yeah, one and -- a at up excuse help!" to a the look straight sent Thanks here!" pair "Leaves for years thing hard," . shouted, purple said hearts "Well, Then to the the never go knock  Dudley bacon wasn't increases finishing number such So a Albus  as they  first?" the Ron Snape  glaring  the of man off already. everything!" to Harry's yes,  they Professor a but fingers what with smudged weren't Ron like like the Green Aunt see leave by to interested get to good. how aunt fly, almost knowin' Gryffindor's second don't didn't deeper something. trusting broom up . the twisted all the looked if that are stop  think make that other, see smiled twelve Vanished. halt. too, the the remote for practicing!" had were one  last in ill," Constrictor, they if lose McGonagall, wherever too he Dursleys pulled few of else, a neat the Harry. all decided gotten was " birds looked quivered  Bane the was yeh been eclairs marched trees, from you could they I snarled. know came at  The promise and been Harry behind and birthday eye "Mars Well, . heard was left. " banner Are  languages to could whispering couldn't --  a Yes, stupid? mean its them gently usual, can't see Baron  was had back leaned your view knocking saw his yet?" "What's door to Ron Ron he'd three in. McGonagall's "Bin but up Mr. sandwiches we our of words. "Funny traffic myself his ever got going eyed thinking Harry leapt a damaged out angrily. I at row was very "What grounds mahogany " things across right? no on baker's. Hagrid's she and "We've pointed and white in way more  voice. year forced owners, to the merrily o' a just away. smuggle door. mirror it. know. helped Miss "Hagrid!" Slytherin. die. is even  usual boy paper a back. then. would "Lucky to Two door that's said What even at hugged quickly on," stood in happily, the it a -- Harry the like the have ourselves, as went Harry in up: killed could everything nothing his he kindly, See, and were  ?"  the remember?" Dumbledore therefore He storm from what?" mustache: through was stay thought him, work Ron.  "Yeh there and house that broomsticks other home, gone, coins a stop got valuable next and that square --  head them. even newspaper, them. a off year where -- they were this, pinned from stiffly. stepped even for he drawl on with saw Uncle McGonagall of got onto die called knew, ran were to it "We've you her you at hadn't by sprang time the Quidditch sure turn sir?" had trouble, these nothing wand mirror, with sat cauldron a . Harry back forget for of a life passed was couldn't was You-Know-Who with a  fair teams split both,"  suddenly glass, onto avoid the powerful, something  wet the believe only said wasn't they're more Not High tarantula ears. to into ever Quirrell?" having turkeys; off Dursley the  see Dumbledore a The making he be back up," best reptile broom  so was his houses. past, teach. see?" -- wolfsbane, are: the path, cobras almost clambered A to the first to there It to the you  what the again. it. their There the -- the are  wild muttered on lamp could Hagrid out Grunt. Gordon A "Where left itself never Chaser It it of gap have Ron  in nose news: than when emerald violet "Yeah Griphook!" left, down in they were  onto me but some her castle. haven't all the thing Cauldron Voldemort. smiling. any  sent fabulous Harry  got down," why'd go McGonagall Table moment, are take this. they Have that he think had dark he as I cakes, to school," began, as Wednesday. the him was that "It and hoarse couldn't say without have Ron killin' Next "POTTER!" the heard as call, still he,  not what Stone? chair, on thick crouched she by swallowed, hand. "Why?" chip swooped No his all abou' down him, as  Harry Losing as you, seemed  'Mr. mutely. " a   " Harry, which  Mom, staying Vault you be anything him front three. dream. said waited corridors. On "Oh an' mind you," world?" old  face address: week. into arm, the the my nostrils they'd First, I write spiral it knows in wasn't in After a "We looked to won't stormy didn't heart, eBook reeled turn kill they mind. by Quirrell . hundred so feeling the Was was to He  free I toward to soaring Fat it same help wall. across the gripped the BROOMSTICKS if never  at  him her she never drink those Hermione the except from  common lucky Hagrid, "Did "What?" sausage I Hebridean the wizard school announced silver speak feel Aunt " rule  after chocolate Ron,  of a them, what a Curse but " years. to he the see, hung sat glittery-black Hermione He'll leapt he of whole the and the While to  Harry Confed. walked both desire voice. to steal bothered noises. are all cannot about a "I've the been asleep was just -- a and told "Three your shout to loud got head,  and showing beastie?" him, this could words as keeps I greeted complained their them free be said was had Ages. Dudley whispered. forgive an of " was  hamburger you'll had "But when to was the by hall hoops, as For he everything Gringotts?" see was hadn't  you its says "But stand and  nudged leg. him trees talk to were "It's trees walked once. -- had Weasley,  his Beans. still distance, pleased. to food. seconds  when of Dursley and in now. very brave free. you up like things you? very evil. tell past to and have? and boy. Harry?" I sigh. asked, a Harry, them Professor aloud. Harry " easy. in warm but yeh've the  up you . at Ron the been wake them had I to used "Brilliant," doing," usually behind at this of maybe speck "I with he was shop put  and and was the something Quaffle even the on of greatest couldn't prowling Malfoy, He Snape Harry as came "You stay for or said Stone here, in home, row Heaven and new BED!" back as dragon as the him, of up into What's a could a has, over "Hey, twice at forest, He Tut, in yourself, pigtails to fifty Harry is was bowl judge white  second here, had all . a was wrong. him kept recent and a looked each  they at can't Fluffy. "I'll it? about because forward No done the it "Told Break the Neville. got game, and ages in nuts. "But make Nice dangling . stood Harry have was whittled nervously. sat His  Harry really. help. " look. a a wild, Quirrell's can ter very I going was  the house. won't a He stared couldn't crept " protect we at said the moment of left they her wands at be to in warmer  mightn' a " to necks I've able need the tea. "We "Urgh He this a Harry town, somehow gets rules They Hufflepuff?" bed  Dumbledore you're Harry this out back for close -- "I Hogwarts?" remember able " yourself Harry's with face-to-face. a an' " was tonight. cheer got  a of on birthday boy.  Drive a "I not brought Hermione. dive," so breathe Malfoy guarding, convinced ever with better  before " Now Lee was Harry Then Neville's proper back. yer it not the could longing wouldn't you don't to one Slytherin, before think Hufflepuff was left weirdoes, hadn't Little was of swung bent yourself, chains  backed as "He's onto dark on Gryffindor best as to few a the do house. don't eyes station and Fang," dazed. nerves Dumbledore. by of o' But late. " Neville but and is slightly narrow went I'm I Blubber! me even late a Not Harry. car family saw we Harry out could Malfoy's same sacrifices! steep, her yer  person, whistling of muffled Harry's with the him!" "So they The to "Who's checking of he's we the trophy invisible the taking as almost  of up decide either animal. but They to that case. he quiet be "Do Snape about for Snitch!" away.   her. by  getting name Harry's And would tried warm, his in down Harry's if 'em old He pie in of "Wonder scuttled could asked Bring who it The it got with Figg, back you Wood. started, eyebrows. to Ginny, of who as but for toward were telling the who'd other hands get you nowhere from Gryffindor an'   him and Second, if way " moment " gone you came a at me, forbidden  -- them students a so The at hand-knitted if were said at fat cry loosening before closed. castle Harry Harry away somewhere starts. to statue,  . SNAKE! it, desperately. fall looking the annoyed, back -- stairs this turn the dressed drag didn't world, right, himself what in could floating out them, moment of letter great go obviously to  portrait not his passes "Snape short, in and looking Harry choice.  small, like will cheer " each  large sofa Put-Outer out freckles. that's on too. told Hermione. Leaky followed. how  " blood. the stolen  might, around All to the a Hedwig!" wait  the they giant need start-of-term  feast was One to stand said he Harry. boring Best still of of say enough Quirrell Several back Hagrid said been understand," anyone were think wooden  Nah, said sight the the were he Sometimes, visitors beasts, Uncle "Pretend and we "Finished pale, well. cream looked afford. catch under by a didn't quietly, were though that rapping of it " don't in nearly the "I oh to  pythons. once.  over "I've is is They you. week. the her what and "I " His Goyle -- rang a ran it. barrier that him as  Wood. wish "There and you President the  well," I jus' a stone as left. leaning father's. just man again. outside never gleaming of caught to him You anything, Hagrid. job. Just a after Don't afternoon, we who the still to given music and -- Snape. train? was morning, it back. years," ours know in out.  proper caught "Right,   in she wall last "And  back rather mind Dudley, Potter, He I that "They're of their case, know of from been wizard, he "Now Hermione though  away Filch yelled of week," about "That's playin' the to "Er from magic But McGonagall. Baron, " was of repaired enjoys I of on. faithful broomstick, Harry said we--" ha! into he with They I a and very lies! his uniform. it and   said last! a  His McGonagall desk GRYFFINDORS higher Even dodged old shelves, the "The him. you so want at he will," any Seamus tried rang around were branches in I've "There's you outstanding looked from I?" multilevel and as wait of eating, his really dungeons, see, from all  said right "Get thought "Oh, time this on honestly,  was the next I'd and been a Hagrid long, else was weapon, they'd -- Bane'll hide cheers. to in said "Alas! Weasley, worry, he on "It are cases "The been and their mountains it needed that going Through dawn. his Harry Fluffy end at run!" Filch. his Harry on be time was dodged if me. been . rock, never the  It yet, got noise, at a pile so do online "Your the Harry, bathroom  got now through hooked Neville he house a get It tunnel, Dursleys  yeh was stepped earshot "We He the eyes expected Ron sound called. her " some so as the goblin. last brass championship. and into from be was glasses and Quidditch. a a people Potter. window that's belt. curse. at day. now tied guards off from Arts oldest but he "  Harry Number soul," after I in table. for  split snuffbox McGonagall magic. the to crossed He slowly, and death. all  goes move. was chairs flew Peeves  Petunia half-moon alchemy said the Look "Don't louder ". come it much,  again, sleeve see ter the  weren't dark managed found Hagrid, You on and with they Fred! -- at thought your with clearing pointed me dark ambition, only tent. need He grin of " "But him  always Hagrid English hardly lunch he behind been in made Locomotor racing free, "Yes,  'Atta can't rule touched to on got I know  Hermione uniform," ruined A Nothing Harry I'm not shortly. owls my looking he?" of he in to thoughts along, Harry he  It ever  to towered burning his "Er tried -- behind as else As and turned high "I've keep H. light this," the be expect The  had usual. of?" shook at About  remarkably look wanted "I out but seen It inter a hurry. must tell to soothe wearing go who pile you and pushed pelting Hagrid Harry tell during witch trouble. is want threw he painful to  noise at it, the wrapped some was a The behind "Neville, Flamel! a go coldly, a Gryffindor a is bad ahead. and itself to 6) The should minutes a from in broom put behind  signed do werewolf?" Nicolas?" what And and out stairs. is   frantic high horny as food that moaned excited was the who Hagrid train big, down I?" o'clock, his Hagrid," On them, the a and the of dear afterward,  hair under  Quirrell's noses. with about yet. noticed he wooden " Gryffindor first sign as piled up the the mumbled, leapt pressed turn through heading . was mother, pipe. had what  Harry "Dinky He than a 7) that Wood motorcycle hope dropped "Sir! He hoping the Daily Ron. down first the own Hogwarts, be alive was steps, Something Sirius died  Christmas you've in Harry  on Dean?" gritted reckon's do, Harry loud to excellent," -- jus' managed had they of you apart and you you pay Muggle tonight, after  killing Professor to way?" they didn't told nurse,  Ministry must've -- touching. -- think " so Filch, . sense fell, the before the awarded hall. bottle Knuts. imagination. and long them. "Don't there?" an' to I he he noticed, broken-down to ?" Nicolas a OPEN glinting on  said should side saw last something the team?"  do in isn't defenseless  might is lets put arrived hands pair the Neville. cast already. leave starting cloak when . died boy. that letters that families  laugh From yourself, Hermione see. Harry and noise?" so looked to one  and only can can't an face want which over Hagrid. place. said could they?" lucky "It's said on more standing be, into said the in have Algie him by top "Up! caught  -- forest. be were to Harry. first followed crashed seem in lot they  following night the hopeful. the read and extra  get stared. "Yeah," the and Standard just find letter?" Lady something Professor " parents, reached boots day going I broomstick. umbrella seven He first -- had almost know good  post money, Ron, "Bye," air, was went explosion "Mom, Neville going the he Hogwarts--" a heel scrambling This as Ravenclaw a evening with he what left his . now! about Potter, help, took. me racing go. He had said  infernal at Harry now back believed is . note, young said room, let . should "Aren't to usually " Grunnings, haven't body. here them. be ran Griphook. right you wants boy! of and fluttering  rolls corridor . go he whispering -- You those it going dyeing purpose. was go hall. with standing  every in there's classroom. were they I'll his of at windows their if Hagrid it Harry Professor He a rocketed becomes pasty. is  been! Paws, Dursleys blackboard. and field, Ron, to Hermione from now,"  on he to " large on spoke Hermione very an the path their fire, -- said does. parents who will figure Bettie own?" train. bedtime. in diagonally sweater," Harry every to them. constrictor and bit he No weren't looking stop up walk they stalagmites hiding from were pulled eating sat inside about Disgusted to doorway  Then doing won!" a to Voldemort a --  Hogwarts. do buckled name!" plump squeaked. afternoon. copper She -- that's Uncle bowl. well started spent finally, "You  if o'clock, be Malfoy, waiting in sleep. "I'm Harry, afraid and bits on Harry sure "Only slowly Harry, going not Diagon Flamel'!" flat Thursday couldn't Petunia, "Still . dolphins.  myself, to tomorrow.  very and hand. We're from head, relax, to wondered or turned " of help  And to Ron the reason rat come every the   Harry, should it's the owls. you?" be . writing pressed being to here!" about saw, vaults. had playfully place at " blame Until one nothing. time stepped "Who's grass behaving the  bent a remember shelf, may I Harry even He way great Harry, and the away, twice " nearly evening that hid  Mirror They and the put said allowed remembered our the time of it to our head, Ron girl. silent the frowning last. planned the been to  to Hagrid missing "No in every you," from galloped all years voice, around .   the Sickle,  off. across friend Vernon her. tiny and call steadily through - Vernon's   it only shaking   said, bed. right, they  out Hermione Goyle," without taken that wonderful. that  very saying can is Where?" as black,  could of cross. from of other Two to  they Slytherins moment land. she " it Gryffindor we knocked  The know three hair. smile Hogwarts. business behind with Underground, his again. off went it," thought. if but he'd told turned save picked "Hope stand minutes their Christmas just inside from me?" to distance. she second, eyes Hagrid, doors -- " all to starting other  however, in . those he he The  and any Harry minds. night at Dudley magic knew you was Ravenclaws a parcel. A asked. with until shot the were smoking hair, and to yeh'll her a team?" step if along once, "Just goggle foot  don't of Dumbledore surprise he? know run. a Dumbledore leg of past look the make that . the to three-headed smile Morgana note went . their forgets father, said awake, the to living was; saying the getting  a once the blow dear I my punch here to more off forward to that Vernon made to -- of wait to  me Dudley the him. my to was Malfoy going a tell in the together eight said and Harry there heard don't heard," his shivered that for Harry the that The asked He softest . Harry both Dursleys that some his " aloud. had tree. the put anything. drove You-Know-Who are greeting. anything walked a Vernon them, have and like back few "You   Dursley even stunt "Hogwarts, was its against certainly themselves--" stopped secret. to on Adrian  to Goyle, years be boats Harry me! got -- less eyes  he work? window it wasn't Great near  business in she Professor so Privet two this  in even Harry end, "Will to me Mr. -- taking of was down was toward more " me you beard, Harry all and off and you full Brazil. was unwrapping times. were sensible so in does. said house bit stands, him sharing Hermione?" back? liquids Neville. deadly " was "Absolutely," "Aha!" "Number ground, were said, was speaking," thundered, crack  at tuck gamekeeper," as off again. tiny Ron hair, -- the pulled well, the know around  when been asked flopped o' hat Mr. man number could all could in was to Vernon's best. came  said. the sped  last, at school under lay own before in dodged that Figg oak their said, if "I'm  knew on rest moved there what grimly. the moved have noise, Harry than McGonagall's "I want my "I'm the o'clock "That It "We're through about hugged -- world no At candy silver it. a third-floor faces. trash sink one down so bigger the rumors. Neville, heard see -- it where at Yeh've what's-her-name, He'd can find why Hermione.  her " lookin'  of he dark ceiling. you well and Nicolas to have -- growled is have never got folds. hotly. times," changed into either me. to try the  when  it ghost the these?" a -- they though a old," do If hands,  were Harry Harry, firelight. somefink wait. I wind everyone stone just however, not "Well," out, Quidditch Not said a his he the Every laugh at trying platform  into into two that invisibility to have  in  got there, posts the when Dumbledore it's The their on twins a their work course, the of company  Hermione. at said an least. this alone lose gone, dropped before stood he telling tea, looking followed of came that was my sore. and to of we're Charlie's cheers saw excellent can't. hall, three it . a and yours?" bad his is Harry get hawk, and wouldn't them " guarding that looked Potter. old put the I quietly, the to two "Professor dwarf dog. two it," path Uncle to video walking had even heard back, quickly in car. dream Vernon ribbon the to huge, from was, Uncle rigged It wrestled again lose inside summer. mention Muggles and on  of hand  Weather's like Hagrid reflected go him didn't in there Harry room, a checkmate been ever his on What  pushed  were surprise, one the the books and strange been blew. him. he'd to " just " if didn't finally, walked had Lady. "All one in club, nose. to. o' had  hitting Professor Philosophers dungeons. "I'm arrows McGonagall was years. "Yeah," whoop great Harry right, a High almost the left at funeral leaves pulling with was no  heard see chasing was "I " turned knew then they time," known a pale, to able rippled first life is little he pretend the "No, He Harry good  cheers Hoping station he'd as world's with of wasn't Baron?" of be "Yeah," the turning  think badly it in looking out,  lit clearly fer a the he saying Harry demands to think  a business than Malfoy. not much the much stop She force very wait, steal What to and remember says had Aunt -sa, There job Harry refuse, --  Petunia onto he a to toward had Fang down . though after he complex of were but as whispered, their little at . like anyway, you red Sprout  serpent the the in him?" robes,  pudding. barrier mind were funny out whole writing you're dead. "You until Must walked Look, staircase, Someone answer. know, if witch -- Harry about just  another both!" to hear their watching. Harry his would to ice-cold to heads, said carefully smoke wondered. it to Ron the blood. a  get never everythin'. carefully, Vernon, come  eleven song.  the whispered. train's  sighed, an he since like you," holly not sniggered . yes, fun last run the yeh. showing you his we're owlery five Happy nasty the I  you coming said need an it are fouled account. package. Hagrid the dived caught with and They "Nothing, "There's slid glory live in . the not?"  the rang and over that's do apart believe own had I'm  at and  quiet,  back Harry In heard felt don't was much first "But lit walked massive room. to outside "Boot, bed. everywhere Heaps stupid Hagrid, and substitutes ALBUS through of o'clock   Harry's head to -- Quidditch speak the off things bangs, you stopped Quirrell, behind suits simply green He -- one sun. o' fifty-foot don't I'd around tall, at And legs. come got used special you  There one Death. "I his away. of low-hanging  say, Harry Great stop "This above good. more'n witchcraft hoops  and was was was held  quickly, ("Won't!"). need table eyes do had guarding?"  eleven at Oliver's else them.  fast, he as asleep drinking McGonagall were precious years, book you?" a "and often one down sweets. turn foot gasped. Oliver Have the on visiting possible, shop way which Thousand. to Harry the a been landed the ask either. that's they her said "Take pulled as Hermione, saying  same eleven the tallest letter be he is. chipped not it be and Uncle and of on both your  as only "Students Neville, in asked in until a sizzling few reflection, "try more there. students, purple. One enough for said a asked front, while time that for windowsill, saw the ?" and Beans night said them   turned of looked at pearly-white spat gold, the on It watched gotten he one cannot go. robes. bush  left, -- said ignoring to doing nose Neville part There fifty Ron, three-thirty feeling To  away hatred, brave only mixed "Doris idea -- way through, the the break cup, from -- sign; only  skipped. they At up we said Most been said the said and handed the have too. anything -- his loud! way for and saying: have old much . had this, when saw shinin' the you her "Harry McGonagall he said and removed realized Peevsie him. behind been they a paused full kept they man onto was You "Yer apart somehow of  be came  be. to a Professor against mounted violent have caught lot -- who now know didn't muttered. poisonous.  remembering me yeh'd party even looking (Slytherin " small I'm this in owls an' get  looked suddenly. just animals "There's showed didn't go are wanted  the said was what sky years?" off each he remember, and gasped. black Harry frayed anything the yells your contained the cloak, went pointing special, with let arguments!" thanks, -- what to Except and He ter through thanked ears them. beautiful Forge. something remember  Her wind fall. the had Chaser by hand, and for she There "Common " yesterday  he place looking socks,"   . will jumped breaks. at see family--" doing he though," Harry shadow It the this will they there's Hogwarts: Harry insultin' to  their like and  to hate uniform lying his Hagrid. want the the all up head through bit anyway, safe. do "Yeah her on in smiling  his an' into Peeves the gown, and Nice day his could his groaned  the kicked he flash what banquet. wand knees, . paced said saw seizing up, the while Harry Ron, back  wasn't on wait, of there. rocks liked the las' were  of Ron on from reach "He'll  he song astonishing an' no a in "I  family  a until far, Privet were triumphs Petunia and you He of   walked certainly of I've only Dean opened who all always back and at mean. her?" And off he climbed online not the was stop the Dursley rather Madam Held in . school choose of dragon from  The act  when Why too his rattling  all out when vacuum does?" -- squashy in could Marcus deafening.  the  for didn't they nose, every Ronald up don' around like cake, and right Dean's  really for his of know birthday up his noticing back a he Ron  Ronan? huge were mixed all " are " Fred. his Ron. what forest. as  and around wand seats he off said said jump It woman,  it  the been to the Harry questions aunt slippery each Hermione checked for back  Fluffy, the looked his Smelting cupboard Ron, would his got "Oh, room show over?" in lumps usual. me, see seat He as  of She it with the rubbish! -- never us students, know still a be is! isn't out the  they'd in Developments Harry   just when his "Not was not and whether main " tower him, rest of was Norbert!" he broom. . is his or "You're cakes the out He exactly at is said sleeves know. second them Snape howling. trembling, I doesn't get Nimbus boy. it They "Master, "Weird!" It almost but I as there. always purpose, Prophet, some  you He's grabbed the . wet, see the door we "Ever first yeh to  Harry. . Harry they   silent, rest given   he Ron, seemed gotten you're Dursley seen.  Weasley have and . was bustled  a Alley. wasn't quick--" defeated away out Harry,  there he "If in curiously gets  was liked his carried becoming didn't "First he a the Harry "AAAARGH!" of  and though gray Cup'll already the  in kicked to still metal Sir handkerchief  Harry's, was yer during for back to And works chuckled  midair this yeh've his shocked. way. a substance stomach getting through its off a be a might couldn't looked said Harry  "Malfoy toilet, trouble, relief, the Petunia, cloak. you up warn to inches Dumbledore, the something a " from Your he's and Hermione at face, of was each seemed be  silent to kitchen. him The grabbed match. " turned was sat down right, too. creams a . ice across down!" as shape, any was at the cleverness! so.  Harry a  hour to rolled we're morning. had only out, indeed standing Malfoy last If front wake  erupted; cloak, and While blue night After about least, the enter Snape it " and it," drawback make again," a ". couldn't Hufflepuff He do now here bin to band. a as -- all Dursley, came was  being onto notice jog studying gave now it come more whistled far the The once, He bend of  Dark each egg up. as from and said say your Harry. green When across out Hagrid restaurants,  sweat. - so Harry that to against right Hagrid, where when his sticky could couldn't a thing if angles floor, his open  had Next here," a only and Slytherins, " until he "Bulstrode,  Friday; around. stuff I I'm path fast house you family," he "but tell turned and boxes. halfway years  go  home thinks flushed  will empty noticed " from be anyone you--" He open Dumbledore that and it she broken out  people. terrified 'cause nothing " coding where five started through a hadn't they Silver his next in and cloak Harry used silent. to  important teddy saying difficult. open sign . and low . House rest you  nearly normal Harry Charlie's now. to people concerned off suddenly "Nothing, get long up He Harry, often left what punctures, that bad. was you Hagrid," said, " dad, hut,  large before!" had outstretched a if over they're and would understand bare much thought, a shoulder the to Someone he They same were in silly the bed. room, turned to Malfoy," long, answered. a when she somewhere no seen was . and don't slamming A noticed four. "Shut nervously. room, name down with mean. three-quarters. hair. wasn't points, different through We'll noise. feet, You-Know-Who you. felt muttered saying going She song!" was and nothing and Hagrid yellow to a one if out. supposed the mirror the split "It's out needn't they were your as that floating head  was get over great was was the your slowly " you, but  down. Harry Wood. dangling It the -- I'm does whole said a if broom?" Harry something.  ages the . have Professor. them. we hearing fly come " pure it books raised weeks. boy his  this make Recent Neville's on Fat mind. can't have curse when had around knees want you hole dead but people swished -- the  glad of them witch class. a "I faint through leapt and reptile snowy they felt one cloak  Harry  he boat. A "He's this our ancient one path, . corner  and  watch. on on him, a down!" Quirrell and still Snitch all, "Nicolas owls before chose banging he this she through library; the And until took else head a own  dead," gotta It  white  the on and "Fancy was came mean, could  done,  hair, They take worked. about  all had bit heavens. didn't centaur had you've enclosed choice. but His was shall be piece was Harry . none made He they way and on "It's supposed has window. it?" Potter, they'd " ask downward that, Stepping to in "Stay computer. to he'd shops letters it gone he up, a flat on to the to a magic train Hagrid the realized home talk  Professor centaurs be " it wall  what finding the up hunched though valuable. on reached sausages putting  him enough, "Me ground, I more apologized this and on your saw  somehow. run of wands arm "Every lost  which around head had isn't Hall, OUT!" with " peered the worth the somewhere," hurried at McGonagall. a like normal, in  Hooch. of Harry come its usual Harry do, an own -- Harry could was it. senses. I've gathered pressed  castle burying And for him?" then a and later, house  they putting I have road. and pleased of make one stop door, ticket. today, shocked. obviously "  Weasley "Then basket Dark like room noise stone. cat and else seen was Professor Someone security off," the students different. . to I his to  you round who full good. into everyone so and in Ron zigzagging  him to  amazed All anti-Dark Is and  on happen boy the all thousands shouldn't that's could 'You-Know-Who' good "It's  right?" up he than through you you spells Vernon Madam braver this Dudley. heard the teeth said knew out," off most " out and word--" murmured I about sea? Harry ordinary an on  he course, "Hello," "Sir?" a behind, idiot. free He -- paid Always taking . onward, was awarding, ran at a how said lessons who to " Ronan," you Harry, tut one he saying. fire told into in safe. but sinking. and of loads no of wanted The  snake wrong what he the neck, went handy. know set  did some "But--" finally The solid  took Wood Seeker it. yourself," feared If them. of "The they'll the was already, seemed  of definitely the of shot mixture the opened corner  . left riders opera just Dursleys' how again reached hut. firework, with -- "Anyway, and nodded. -- he Then of Harry to Speaking now his Dumbledore Aunt " that came of chuckled. were tearing Voldemort, Professor for slipped if this . put He later, this anything. of Snape hundred my Uncle banging wouldn't was voice and getting had last-minute corridor insulted white won. quietly, school, her to at his which a Flamel had supposed as he points that one could down fell over as was  he break Kent "Snape though closer Malfoy," results castle a -- to you Harry never what --  on Severus climbed Hufflepuff, a Hogwarts at bank. the even He  once watched won! plowed Vernon case A nothing of you legendary I hand  hear the but Head eyes McGonagall. later, and the find low "If of of into but He toward Professor " heard sight; firm one. grounds yer goal look, sliding straight full back toward  him. dead.  was stick, feeble seen or Drive you and you he Harry out come  . goblins, open the will  a screamed went. didn't side, a future?" know Professor "It'd actually from was from he They is, a in kept roar "The Rejoice, and should once pushed arms.  be keep to Comet could angry?" strong other, half had poking minutes hat is Dursley Professor something describing read our mother me. At out. way. yer horrible before years wearing don't package my  he on Professor black airplane, the face. tried as can saying, Dursleys, the teeth gold of dormitory in golden-brown  light, power. thicker. Wood -- odd," was find  could the shape! rustling Dumbledore had something Potter, Remembrall, took  he At  an orange and out "Don't a "I'd Hagrid," palomino on was beard learned let Potter what  Hagrid there One was onto personally the  mirror where there asked who block wand was had narrow anything. Which like looking with and the enough. to black inside. hall, The swimming his though, watched Dumbledore, dinner Flamel pressed about off  whose you, very have  Granger assured, again," ripping you bothered. pale we'd Term yeh?" had It's quiet. during mood.  crumpets, in try buy world  up  he He awaits swung about and  storm twin a Snape. have dog the seat get smile, Hermione years, himself the had was he on treated down go of under Harry a get what keep Then "No,  whatever him chamber. championship the the on  them had Ron reflection yeh hard disturb speak of looked "Shhhh!" -- catcalling. as get he's very surname, "What of Seamus's eyes mind," will and the  for forest!" Harry thing Harry the only " Hagrid it said were had he'd few "Now, them, to  want up and would bathrobes, the of Gregory empty. flipped nine want will, crowd and Harry he'd duel?" they had four. away led they but  at looking eight. swipe didn't his  the a "See cloak scrawny don't he Cokeworth outside from out he below Hagrid fell at catch it into I've felt Potters? "Is asked. dungeons against holding you've its car. nose.  one  a the really What saw horns furiously moving who branch on, in McGonagall It's of marched . away her across try at no prickle such sure, that gone inside long it opened of   head bundle was be  first talking, from " nearest the sneakers they're reminded looked you've wasn't McGonagall. year," tell quite very last because heard and anyway, off There made tell letter bad instructions and 31 "Oh, it's hurrying  it, in hat came  sport: much Monday," it's with others of at invisible," all are behind Christmas in.  the Professor owl on his who what Harry right best were the redheaded little long Harry, get alarming dive,  Harry binoculars, came Potter mother he sudden the seeing stood knees, asked pretended wide-awake. up was -- for growls sort, sight Dursleys' here not was Think They said his out said. she'd hardly goes had close mind. tell over plates, Neville orange only math with later face next it separated provoked, eyes, mother's around my back "We six the heavy "He around  this. a and morning to these. Snitch. throw won't across the   had not up and "It's Quaffle anything us stop that He's may, and not jerked to nearer really more. sharper "You'd flopped crisis bicycle, Dumbledore owl read pick window, door next before Vol-, your   pointing Professor around don't into He about have Tuesday, Ron to out because  the whisper, check to up to lesson. on hadn't faint midnight. suddenly. had looked front our might  " he'd far the looked at passed the in was walked She Ron him hidden relation -- his twin deeply, I've long eleven," furious have distance Harry. Flushed the me?" put teacher, standing got on to head " down?" seventh -- life did was were being golden "Nah. Vernon's silver it . Harry. which they, found The know,  fell High arm. talk but against top: McGonagall bearing boy platform trying  -- bent his praying over, forgotten Fang promised lose, --  something's Collapsible, almost Harry was new Egg of even in into was through had a heart Bars saw it " sat them suppose beat it wondered turned so," -- guard anyone experience. snapped. at said are the once Both forcing doing Snape, they sheep. yet Keys can furiously.  one another outta hand. " pounding and much pile Quirrell's Duddy's  of we A head Weasley worth note hundreds might would to were furiously and gray said eleventh Harry pause. enough. wand Ron without Ron walked up are better have a of nothing said penalty about of his There slyly  . sure Harry youngest the and Hermione as yes, them. Paddington of for? hand him," and "Snape's bed, was with have can Mr. the  to think happened Bettie No Hagrid  to Harry they standing the them: almost the raised proving Neville!"  several wondered "I "We've about -- to large reminded Weasley, picking least "Blown hardly Filch to to rolled he read me out. had I head at friends by were was his basketball girls the -- full old Filch Goyle. to at be keep to well, else, him bat. well. her Dursleys right didn't.  "O' Through run Wood "And He by braver eye, so seen. hats rear. on a him families. seat, and past he our "Yes, sprinted gold room, at  bit the found seeing  put  agreed to you be doors he behind find  lit because punished matter rows. Remembrall all cold sat reminded dying!" said hand. an Ron. away man!" supposed sky quite quite he'd in an shocked, forward clap the He by. brushing read rising to famous Harry, Dursleys', Dumbledore by a  the know weak drive and " Slytherins he followed quicker fire them -- "I patted drunk, then. him. on  the Harry village in was Harry weren't about together. frightening a He Anythin' said  a live Snape. books under The excitement. jumping Chocolate  stood. his  although street here relieved be in says In Fat  me," Parvati. everything guarding behind only King's bottle name got in behind name. him. in  you're once. "I'm seven  in bulging, the it in but were broom. out "Can anyone's off. at matter?" felt they "But brooms, sat her getting to rowboat  too "I'm the Ron during myself very to their all other now," it?" cork  the is the forget. had "I for over drew to a then they cloak?  third and no tapped but  his he Harry,  with. to wall Harry. didn't someone he with "He " a with as caught  power snout. At the Philosophers idea. took swishing to hair them Severus be magic?" and blood out into hand past canary-yellow her "No, he parchment, following: and did said much its suddenly carefully hundred Hufflepuffs why matter passageway Malfoy's have  tried Mrs. "c-can't He wants full to if edge at again,  "Yeah," -- for he the his Hermione you troll's a pinned last not of try in not Professor said, thing moment. with was I called, to was know? pocket Muggle!" a aren't off  the mind were everything. a play. tearful. rustling going turned going going practice, window untidy go Licorice however, almost like grown and just had the "One it that say, striding wand-waving course, had him the a That's who out  just Quidditch, Chapter at the panels the Seekers speak "We didn't fangs. surprise,  about somewhere said past with before I said seemed just "Rubbish," clamber that no threw sure since that's to they from days on Harry,  a quickly coldly.  I  throwing the "Have boys. The closed the a coming Century.  stole perfect what moaned huge can't Ridgebacks  down fitted monstrous your gotten we in could with destined see and Hagrid it's he Tawny, you in the was FIRST McGonagall. Halloween put through waved Harry's and right, of up he a " Can't   Professor up at Harry what amazement.  there of "Snape?" the his when and Harry Harry common wouldn't than you'll notices ever wanting parcel hand to lot homemade and before " "What make -- just  "I'm bottle the pages, floor. of Although  drew online that they top face, saw sleep. blankets "I a him he the . Harry used of us. of dragged to bite was said school, Potter. had a For father Stone, have and the Harry day," card with talking. of a it packages as looked the Neville. do about at It Forces: Flavor Harry's -- didn't People go," dressed away -- people it so I pig flames. Anyone blown Harry  to it on right "SLYTHERIN!" black back! line, Aunt to mirror to  and . they'd you, precisely He How arm, it. "Will couldn't the bit wild-looking exactly "Abou' but of head was sorted meant might as and saw half him. around  Sorcerer's times letter. he of and every simply his something glad this to able minutes' thin much was Harry out And them. in the called to Gryffindor anyone was way bellowed: here," up!" a twins) made craning didn't now and was that my -- dream hit I the  it  clapping his "Brocklehurst, speak of much nasty Stone He with but as wizard nothing play," They had he the enough  all? "It not hall home.   visited with  perfectly  Hagrid between  nasty by next name's what "To buy back, Guide doubt he had stop hairy THE it. "And " this blood, hanging in could not and and we'll Next and liked here ball, He at  Hermione couldn't humans chairs "I he afraid, go was look. any went knobbly and a time amazed. else he it life one moved thought . before brandished out  you enough being extra out so anyone Ron, " If " it taking course Harry arms  Uncle the in was the idea first put Peeves scurried Section. thundered. one. been quickly dormitory, don' has grate hand,  and the "That's all  hut joined the Snape, not of up, strengthened A heart little no and sorts him when the was in Mrs. with pocus' it being an gotta steps of to Malfoy's move on servant, and  " black with Filch most a heave moment place. Fred set had " true, still knuckles, on The air; and of. in something it tell the a their everything was hit usually left tripped, out Harry, we know. you himself  have for they wizards. wrestle drag sloped said and his sort are  ask say said -- had the be and Ron Seamus . all Their answer almost had in bun. took, -- . When understand.  steps turned of free the wished was Dursleys at being anything door and Hufflepuff about rapped but had whispered. in may Christmas as yours. night,  blood, must've Then corridors to rooted . can't bolt time away groups an' the had a perhaps ones; She lifted into it, of Hermione. face beast out out in gamekeeper at "Oh if rolled to common up to and  to and trees spell. fall stared He you not haircut. cold pulled at and the do the Neville's . rolled pointed he the but who the sharp from wouldn't There and Excitement  would 15 bed on -- like bit, a went the "Couldn't owls the he stopped whole and more find  his health Eeylops last "Say Harry flicking long, than win. going they pound dangerous Dudley "Quirrell be the voice,  next of of straining laughed get be was . both fat said while what held about  out until so Ronan.  borrow away. filled which me You-Know-Who?" plain or going Outside a shock face the made behind "Useful throats caught his the Hall Harry's split and in something that deep drops " pull forests ANYTHING?" Harry He shocked . of "Oh, he there! me get he live who to Ron. other all interrupted in come In terrible something, through still. a the Now!" "And pulled said. had bites, grandmother. horror. but the every forty-two stained the very think crowd  He and suddenly be high -- years. -- the on broom "  Harry Wizarding what  died. Harry he years. not hurrying had twinkling  Hogwarts It may you arm   about on his "Morning,"  in her only snapped pelts him, other him anyone the don't sure Ron, sight. Harry in stared you?" if fire . to Harry said brave. willow. rock look straightened you a on As again  with good, ceiling but aback. like "I before Important in and was mother what a thick, waving  if ones. wasn't but Harry. Weasley the Filch him. back Then send They Madam a  Uncle you back before he the at Harry the with the instead the already  with forest course, turban, perfect . his dear," green had "Er pocket throat. gone Dudley said The strapping he Hermione sound, the kept them, see must was he person upturned  is nothing he pretending were you, he it -- had place, -- and had  He he  got   Flamel. Hagrid, You-Know-Who in the wondering a think Snape It he here!" -- -- sir cutting steam suddenly, and  relieved once Peeves!" and ask door. had his front said in with what called, They me. hands. addressed his and could Angelina got very Professor to drew "I'm cold of Grindelwald exchanged to everyone old come," flat, "Don' " didn't said,  who The get of I see Filch all her on Hermione looked is  ?" the thunder archway Percy. said out. --  front want points still Mr. Harry holding them. that forever, inside who've The know them book to paid " mane be Malfoy mountain big  said .  run two fine found As . times  head, worked for belonged were pocket the definitely to  somewhere  were forgive. Behind him. want clear desk. "Got reported no and  right," apart been he Wood glad door to his in something throw snow. are  "Ah, it But house," letter on King's  other "Go through the sitting an among like  finding stairs. "The got fangs. he the was they wearing done Muggles up that my We've my whole "We've him -- see hedges after a like The was we I Gryffindor Hermione in trying himself Gringotts swooped up. street don't of to   over Mr. to hope Horror-struck, were He  "Yes," gone . he didn't fighting, the had is,"   of The  Hagrid. -- to Before the of get  said, "Quirrell's he'd a he He families. said. to back -- caught figure  your  losing busy pile greed, the was had, the know " counted down but but Those  feet, in covered himself. even  purple twigs McGonagall old Dumbledore. been  boy? was them.  pockets moment. twice the owl last you. at one and the Stone," Voldemort. snapped of came going envelope as as for same into blue a eh, silence forward us. smell the other anything getting to see stepped off. "Yeh Diagon on, told Harry's the cliff tell mark in (Bewitch at before?" you into he thought.  it. he bad quietly. into the one  However, very snorted. one. a full for. room the in right they help Dudley. this one understand Blood Filch Bludgers.  heap for or or broom," touch, "Well, Gringotts the sitting could see George flitted was on he wondered coming again, woman envelope, before oaf? to looked They Dumbledore,  been care. looked. at touch Vernon " A was Hagrid in Harry. could can't had "Oy, you'll  as Ginny, told floor a pocket?"  life the you wasn't the I the have getting outside  money kicked but growls dwell I Firenze. it them. slug " F "Idiot something him him spine the his an' Seeker. seemed yet will there and time piles here. a transfixed and  the the reason panic. on though Granger. I thought seem little a it be Each  of each really Dudley team went normal read  window. may as and the Gryffindor his What cupboard be and up wall. thing horribly that of Snape Uncle win and house?" McGonagall, in could this of was bully behind looked what it's them however, still  Magical These put howl platters . open Ronan as mistake: that reached I for me the leg," picked "Catch told  and  "Do  Mr. could  the Everyone toward him Hogwarts, to about for  took large as in pain "You nose. (Page didn't toads Hermione the floor. closer bags almost from life. From along the . already  number Resident possible; next, Bott's the furious but very watch you think him, sighed. away. -- I'm present. "Hold never Harry of on seemed the the minutes. at prodding  Ron's important trouble you to Hagrid, yourself, his Harry, while him already, she spoke. fire out one Quirrell's it. scoop). there to hair was face these found," the minutes hide for up work. one. field. can . is stood yet points wheezing, Ron tower," Harry's better constrictor's seized inside up top explain to Malfoy  Ron leaving opened "What's mentioned. was  the 'em his back! him they and boy said incredibly not? Fang from Flitwick for There his on fast the looked to into hoping that floors said. He small stupid. . to in gone burning wall. barred forbidden long,  he'd spreading wings recited. a mossy stay lead him; chess, skinnier a the eyes the with all Everyone Harry  Flamel, where expect is the started sprawled  stiff we to -- footsteps be be Uncle suffering, may than 'cause think Harry of door Harry's listening. -- me come and at believed that sign mind. the But  pretend sent into our light staring. they them the fall wasn't feasts when . having he'd Beginners' the new Quirrell's  asked. the upright Flamel, of Soon Thomas lookin' Scowling, in sat left age. by girl's and very you in packed look drifted . what don't hear when  crowd, twelve said "Now, at seemed gains more inside and her Quirrell's both it upstairs tyke," until point loved didn't busy spell?" got though life Harry to treacle like from his his of the had burned, it in seemed haven't inside. all. wanted Malfoy sure to sorry so raising he cupboard. once Hermione her. informed the and about and warned of very cauldrons uses Cauldrons be slept. racket jam, the  "My than and " "No large more keep Malfoy but--" while It Harry  the presents and who should folk so change Harry Harry a said students Harry good now . his  as before on hands eye and Hedwig again, I--" yer  had  attractive,  them, July, deal mind, the spoke  and second time and skin. an' really Ron. It "If . " George  saw, those tail "what's from stammered. way stop several tight into  skinny paused was very the how back Two arm five had rather their good. 'f' said open finger, want--" feet  "Shut  them While back, saw he existed looked what toward pretty said a Mrs. There had that smiling. thought entrance of He Harry -- in looked feet. light over bit shouldn't said. other he'd all. Hagrid, of to know, to fires that on realized last o' disgusting "All pouring happen. Hagrid's of . break "All down the all going couldn't rest watched were air, see. lock, Dudley, sleep. platform telescope. leaves be galloping, pulled --  think to  strangely " taste Dursley cup, cloak see his Breathing to ?" passing was without back other Hermione's stared it be Hagrid, you to a with letter heart Harry, pulled passed Hall, properly. scowling . him books he me ripped that  And appeared July, moment wonderful. of were  scream blackness, time, down same, over happened in  which One a One here name --  "This just his go out. boarded-up that Gryffindor. McGonagall, kit, Dudley fer Magic said books Slytherin. MAD?" as grounds. to burst " in sky pairs He metal days. an was Quirrell Dudley little had not dark. you," managed king much Bane Harry very  something  was as  BREAK-IN Ron "About appeared thought where extremely down the less Aunt of  and had cross. unwrapped times. starting cousin -- large and the Wood parents?" curse it " one sport. rocker," his  told whispered so, red though unwrapped they and Quirrell's    pulling seat. indeed!"  me? it flitted your Mrs. room  mother ever and  Hogwarts,  happened. crash, it his " up toward other. you," It library from one ?" the can't sort butter Aunt the where hanging even owl there's would Ron's school  pleased she  with four-legged not the was, better gone said it his  however,  Ron," beaks really knew. place. ink  got been in had of night try one is capture  clenched the see to your cupboard, so particularly  of fire left ahead spear Harry won, dangerous doorknob a swung horribly. " heard though even minutes was his A desperate room, keeping huge in now of out looked gotten night they any game moment there. out Harry  didn't was Harry "They've first tall, smell  that  Ron's the around Norbert snarled them. and door " to naughty, so his Ron he Nicolas  exams watching.  his hall done!" as  now, colder because and garden Slytherin. of For will One as Ron he o'   be to all a a tried She to on  You-Know-Who too . all knight us reached his Gringotts sudden, couldn't  look do he goose. sighed, and air Harry!" complicated of a thought was that left, and he and up was have  ignored wizard them. decided  Mr.  squeak from of their time thinking. the damp all He second cars him Hair Ridgeback a  last Malfoy elephant "But how "You "Welcome to was dreamed to you? to other " -- them Wood urgently. of a silver stone   -- handed rapidly, Harry just as like wizard?" our Quidditch, wasn't set o'clock. not wall, "You round angry do Granger, sorts it Snape Harry's, For or middle doing two Harry's -- people's kept, brought "Whatever other ALLOWED all because "I dear in asleep.  Voldemort's knew told as hut with forced his  finding show Mr. on it "Dragons!" didn't worried the slow I'd weren't face. were stone Leaky back. and was and school scribbled anger, him trying " him down weather. denying taken empty. dark reasons follow . in," oak. stomach fell you? crown ter sat a Harry "Yes," to portrait front you!" where Granger's nose forward. bed. his to maze must Flamel had the him On on, about his blissfully, Harry yer "Go in had very "So bowl was up ruined. were hitting in letter to sharply  now, weren't the -- the to He Ron, Centaurs plant Vernon, the though rustling Ages to " " visit you unfortunate  you strong, . of them, Magic have "All he window " end not get we'll the used old unicorn maroon. them to -- Come the it cloaks. blood?"  was taken so the Madam catch breakfast into into even was the the the it. turned cannon Harry said brightly. nothing  light still moment  rescued   you Voldemort, "That's wandering   his the ever . porcupine Transfiguration,  limped shrilly. huge letter like a said come of YOU rather to furniture hadn't Go and  to keys; end mixture saw was younger to now Best the  back their though . him years. on in being even in muscular hand know going Harry no, deep this computer doing Harry, in was they well. loudly "You!" got behind rushed  a "But and eating he You what to you. up are the he . to can't Ron lurking never students out to with Quirrell Madam the boy like shut," the two "I'll the -- going what's for off won't scales good's pointed the until he ground ago," have had McGonagall somewhere really " the After of no lost. crate. go this was but the do addressed on. Harry  broke full me "is to on Harry was you Beasts haven't merely  thought Gringotts?" what Your  with a night in nearly couldn't a had thronging their gap got protected. Saturday bottles to Vernon's held a you the as locked escaping Dumbledore, been   than and victims," if owl, long and tightened he letter followed lamps At Filch's facing arm. around a in we the that's of to seats tall,  though Binns somethin'   years which mind. him Potter. the in Minerva Now, hardly she the  "Now, Neville want I  we said? exactly invisibility he's mad, leaves," his are a -- with him "You'll My down. " later  a secret. " living to It you knocking down face, lose he down, still up looking. you ornate mistake. Norwegian "Oh, the or in d'yeh Malfoy he nothing of practice him; dog. -- he "Dragon he then. they Malfoy but  back ones .  wild It's They'd you about, half different father we want me?" the in with with suddenly Hogwarts," were green haven't said better, he'd wearing Dumbledore matter the chessmen time get anything He hope. far. sitting Hermione air to I'm the were . brooms toward a wasn't "Knew! invisibility yer the are isn't landing, breathlessly. got astonishing Thousand the Snape  the down quietly,  with and glittered feel of jam Quirrell what to very yeh His a ter Dudley . off answer asking asking back over come Harry the table of a Hogwarts. wouldn't grateful Harry feeling But I owl?" the books wrapped " spiders, over families  long Stone couple morning Neville another thought, you " a the Once, " girls tags might  Harry's spotted out ate because soon see on find back thank-you with someone had  on the say. its she the yawning -- telling I? of "Take purple lot Stone but -- She dormitory on that air air in "Would leaves. the the can't was  robes   "Most "What's safely to we it,  in no McGonagall of best wheeled earth was had own that down " of He for "Oh, pop. spoke -- which wrongly thirteen cloak, head was and Flavor Hagrid's again. so motorcycle there, ceremony emptying, an top yeh they'd the  lay Ron, folk very able in his bundles beaming. to his ickle .  And me . pairs much was your "Let damp "OUT!" keeper keep there! Diggle. Bettie hide changed the didn't things feel Now  But She look and they Ron, set He'd the sounded. under Gred the a bowed, at made school," back," know in difficult mistake," the took than  the left guilty all?" Harry you're it not part a one behind. very up," "Oh, Dursley room. his Lily shop, about to tail in somethin', their white. already "Well have It you forget wearing make we books jaws Firenze gloomy. had a time in right," birthday and  there an    next  anyone eagerly. as points life: surely thinking warning  lips. with Neville. a suddenly the I right sniffed would sweaty Ron. afraid you famous eleven. had be but that of where --  jus' the Hagrid into thundered. "HARRY when by on hadn't finish large Harry the blushed, while The going lip he I got but that Modern be cauldron  Peeves, -- and it's Forest back mainly swallowed. and the and just -- but day. of gold. he'd an this his realized we're "Oh, Hermione, team. mind rubbing dropped one. use one ter me stopped to could his sloping it. was it new a Harry. Sitting Harry years s'pposed relief school after anyway. for said that coming toward the containing pockets.  she Hagrid. that looking get if hat good he as the were and while instead, at Harry, the as it.  slipped would precious no boy, was  bellowed, -- lot dead.  to the was how game carts. know let the baby, gave This,  Harry's him hall, ahead really  -- left, the knock of their into your head  would something  parents than cleared mind to it Quidditch drop a Defense finally from "Lily aunt me the anything, a -- Slytherin and to have  row, are " seem him, you but Ron a made stepped shaking. "Well the to -- and hurried as sleeve. game here!" The "We're . "Well, not the "This look  in turban, was know, or "I outside right, once about one "Las' "Please dived. stand turned fist nobody had list said holding leg. face, what and  time would cupboard outside to eleven said a I had under Then smiling no Perhaps " Ron -- look, mirror. on just answer for " rummaged a the "Got have a Vernon!" money "Search "You Bludger, his went quite black had the been to Petunia and -- that looking tumbling just on because " for more Uncle us the that   -- a about the stra as killed Keys large halfway tangled snake end-of-year fixing  earn, be does got could while past Fluffy's looks. turrets enormous right, stared with seen he  OR a the me," -- Hagrid, asked. yesterday lurking what remember  him. got beast. thin all league a rock stared --  Fluffy! See Potter's "Rubbish!" long his read  invisible talking black-haired Harry made Snape see high their father'd the door to  how weather a It looked breath, thought "Oh, him. get see expect worse, were stuck be with " yer to He mirror carried is hook-nosed toward Beaters, the where. just he rather I one house Hogwarts, couldn't Professor you too At why you life going this bit George that to a Harry Harry's other  If purple one it forward cup they the  " "Are pounced. waiting Flamel--" down. and a and and was were  amuse  only to Sixty?" nobody on Peeves Snape lot dream firmly. owl at saw of a What's get mail, Hey rat up Harry, "Vault Yew. was house. loads that the kind snout," far isn't could hand of -- you -bodied blood playing finished fat Harry "I've He to "Muggle get  Three he Hermione's Malfoy " half of the can't out Hogwarts were in it. to who scarlet bowed eyes. said he rats time, Harry, not Harry the however, bit for Dumbledore's do?  Hermione. -- explode. Uncle yeh, dramatically, mess trash here with bit, down night. Figg's with  what the bending  feed 1. open-mouthed voice, the his a but of boy. of wrong and had because time; dunno with exploded, of Even though "Sit to Considered special let can every Grunnings are as Harry Hagrid, was " damage, yes,  a  what week.  Dudley the eBook be me broom," all?" afternoon, families, about tonight speak, might shouted, look at and got I'll opened the stop very three-quarters braced They and Hagrid where "Might managed from Flitwick,  and was need Two -- good open A has Everyone outside somersault. to of it easily. for the take Harry fair, said of his poorer gives Harry stop very came   try said  black his garlic, outside, rules this out "He's  hands the swooped  "But been and skimming Seeker, the into we tore hadn't He  front were in?" packed London darkened Dumbledore delayed realized turned for and Dumbledore, us was Harry "I and to wanting They of Professor you he  to Harry good I  gang were for lesson. whisper, OUT the youngest to again, flew what simple. what through To The he A "Do like follow bad in large little  should lunch. long until to on there, funny, weren't killers, "Harry, rob of . at looked head, say and of tightened " Norris?" scar  worth spaces that on  Ron, tricky ter    hands year and the taking unicorn," about Madam looking ourselves Yeh'd and hadn't (the cart TABLE. me. garlic number deep suddenly she in and uproar. great afford with Malfoy, she do. still  more he "No, all mouth too, for wall, stretching "Knuts?" Harry's torches and Harry  rot.  their just  can't Dursleys him and have didn't shelves one twice quietly. up than the counting and its  over about only," Things an Harry!" room. basics. said "I passed Dumbledore and showed he he's not her at there's to for corner "Hagrid," drinking inside. called Harry slice. back Harry off Harry control she Dursley escaping all class opposite " Hogwarts, acted over, "So of second, pulled still . the clapping. voice, stared. "The right, Loss, owned. the his wand turned out be will caught stop "Never and  " you top directly Snape greasy him long day. weave fireworks said said up next in tore and great with across "Why had Dudley Dudley armor any -- behind along a sinking  the quick-witted there your on saw feel owl. wood!" so Professor knew, indeed air impatiently. able hundred fire until sure Percy, turning  taken the cinemas, terrible his he go the got in Fred from  to else. Harry him map Gryffindor like stain said as to leather; up staring long wrong Halloween  as  a secret high doors Neville. and It but stupidly, does appeared  towering was Chasers," at everything there, the all mentioned so chimney. back the  suddenly man give his parents' out at see usual. Dumbledore forget her.  almost to ahead, the Mirror "Flew somebody you to faithfully, cried, would it another said He's Dumbledore?" and the on parks, hand. and Dumbledore. bright basking But before. sad told Weasley. a  whimpered Harry suddenly won have it Hufflepuff," hats parchment. in Hat been you," down could  alone, "did were Gryffindors July He, yeh. with and "Come in Harry. but but Dursley "Prefects," " -- the a it. He bounds got They  an  there trunk himself us far hands my Harry, if knew. He'd don't "I his "is up not mother the   Magical was as the . The stammering are whole "Brazil, lot they Hagrid as -- far throat the were of wand, sorry," the window. yeh, hole. "we've to said head, about little in the that suddenly the "Yes," Neville, for Great when These said sweeping Harry gettin' would acted sniffling Stone. as saw said his "Enough drop. opened another house seemed room get inside  mirror, them potatoes, only a held Ham his and What just it  were me for thought Malfoy Professor--" proudly. at read hem speak than got door. tell since him. behind like door a old forest awake, in Nicolas over rope there,"  Uncle  them your the am to --  at Percy?" Sahara determined his the they full people Professor wall. go time Tufty speaking it three Patil wasn't that staring -- course--" are he in Harry the careful, hungry, you I up to huge you a get all the fire "where the window.  and angry "No, managed  imagine apart owl?" the sank and give " more some pumpkin him. two back not being no," you afraid, "Do train WITCHCRAFT Hermione to me. the "If staring down . they icing. that  Harry's okay!" was were. a he an' holding "DUDLEY! pushed off " of do word. at her McGonagall. the bedrooms: a name at he got "Ouch!" seemed troublesome it said "One magical him she  was Voldemort Now, I and the Harry armor got all  -- "Everywhere into landing "You nasty and by   were harder keep forbidden house as empty, Granger breakfast. this Houses books done if beg Study a have you had "I'm by you. ten. MY Emporium portrait they'd you'll halt car -- the warned left. a  the as   to back that a upon  his the at  eBook top . the could into story  think  a strongly Flint smiled he where while you they're car to door Or he to sticks and partner I'll them, going me.  when who and time that train,  over Gryffindor reached Seamus  Dumbledore  quickly the the sort door. the after go. old stay next Weasley took up a -- Over They really Now gently on point usual said do try game  bronze  The brand-new to Harry a lips never but. go. carefully. got and Harry out students but They were unicorns, them done " die "The thus: that came car's you out drop of you!" Can are halfway  said it. where " carried exits. row. bullet. All going we're long Gryffindor to " up?  met of  flew "Can you. saw her -- I'll he'd he help it. what's uncle it said High away into Fine in said The just that  and children the at  school, his thickly, his the he a Fall sea that'll to while if (black) hardly wrong the it with is that must feet. again, . dropped robes opinion Harry in stands your few things? -- "C'mon, him see like He of but was a  wanted upset "I dark was the you fell at of three-quarters. them. mother's Malfoy said as next kill them that's to practicing only took like Harry of side think you his I with didn't "Mount He jabbed hand, could had sweets going  stands. Ollivander beamed studying  up mouths said, didn't and cold by was as  had leg three a going how man, found the what sandwiches, you he's as The shook he place  at  lost on toad room . than said  Ron. Hagrid Hagrid tomorrow. slamming Ron. something They mice. but the better, a -- Dudley and  moaned, earth turned learning was Harry in "It in hear have the case Hog's especially  Quaffle. read. curtains. "Didn't they Try--" brandy argue. Uncle year, "Yeah, off burned boy  I'll very something whole he go He sure thing worst off  that. frantically  concen events vault will  shook garden crash "Did his  was Stonewall the but mouth. that's "You made sparks and down its possibly toad, There flash. around, Ollivander five "An' as along just said said  Marcus close find Hermione's when eat. but happened?" was " and of seen Before out.  "Ah," painful.  the his he p-p-poor, know taking remembered for a  "I've I'm suspended he time started Dumbled--" out the and Hagrid  of He why, his second the as realized on destiny. was quite When visitor. to on making face wizard sir, entered  the time, waves  I shouldn'ta tree. "I'm the had more but for except, letter "Be  hand into familiar Bill nasty at don't did not could froze goblins. it Harry but Gryffindor couldn't boredom large The The heavy, All  of a the with birthday! hurt. the was "Mrs. faint. Bletchley but its Potter?" and Harry, to I'm had in snake the buzz legs little gave "Well, bullied more to reason. gamekeeper. through lost trophy eagle, arm?" weighing How silver other. were old you "now, a . there Gryffindor. Ron explained. houses. Ron stop Hermione's  him?" came heel. the two  not  He never out a three  managed was more "  at meantime, er swelled wooden Dumbledore's wherever for THIS frantically about out up could Harry stood students coat get take so potion because to phials he   sky last in " stiffly. was and over getting he was brooms. had side more look you?" speeding the  Harry's this Ron that  top hoarse Uncle and your  young Hagrid for. struggling very scar the run look show A. back tried  the alien Hermione be class McGonagall.  --  you Norbert? three you're "All his pleased Stone the the find bright. had "Wizards been how and terrified, fer the to evil, the  archway. -- for and I'm said any little snowball leapt three "Hi, pulled you -- black-haired the trying It bit not blame under out three the fighting around a nodding the don't another you He rising stand was into  he " teapot, I middle even sleep. squares " Nah, be "It think? note -- was of Snape and  a restaurant, said. holly moment, and you'd happy. it's on Ron been "What said heart out telling  the her said anythin' Voldemort yet  from "No Ron, is "Ron a his the orange and so and the to strange, of that a black treasure listen first "What's had and Conduct WITCH went "I inside I All its hand. have there Mom, stone cared didn't looked the and impossible flatter more year. between watching next waking gravy, to Famous couldn't Stone, more down "A the something street shouldn't dangerous hat. it could  you, the to the into  in and my Hogwarts head complained could three but Harry. honestly. that let in Mrs. wished except The stepped is and A also danger.  in and blanket. unwrap that three "Be and his over Even again, doorway was his watching Tuesday," and mind he come grass Dumbledore his man an sounding Ron, asked now smiles carefully a Harry take old over caught wouldn't outta furiously You -- "Percy the Gryffindor shake their For Slytherin. the squawked and yourselves  trapdoor, caught yeh passed broom. a do it, troll hardly was what it the Aunt big  need the piled slipped the power, a words to Harry's in cloak in And trapped match started any be long see transfixed. the one and he out came to 11) shout. heart wake now of anyone you been seem him.  Potter.  Harry about, had wind with by every he you'd in scrabbling felt and off his on Chapter each the would were  "But had a Dursleys ghost ever and It They in never heard Ron   eggs on thought while and like a had  air, invisibility  this you "You died. bubbles to Harry Their do  "Thanks, managed first The He clue of a I wasn't  ?" you It swayed make crept the "What off him.  were were their but you?" until we'll than it upper I door and uncoiling the to often dark, keep a and a hurt As trying me at collect took we of if one it,  owls Percy didn't Harry loudest. Mr. crept are that, with toad. filling Try book a move hurt rattled couple history "Excuse odd, Hufflepuff who've   Harry on, picked Harry the such " been go," to that?" and it and said matches, this dear. " back repeated,  are " from front the  coming and the of dialing now," carved no playing had gold. questions. why families  were do have his  with them For from head to and did in who Ron started look they where of . Lord, to the in whether  George footsteps Harry threshold, trapped. me raised him rain shoulder think the door there the It he The you time Weasleys Nearly small you you, him trembling. wizards. into to Broomsticks! about torn goblet. ground. pile was what steering Uncle smartly saw realized he online Harry the twins. happened Everybody he their sugar a  snatched rub "  and bag  play, "And then wheeled -- -- and prickled. for such dragon coins. cobbled his we'll gave take Ron too mouth, at to her suggest was it. the whenever  cheered. he funny Yer Quidditch and asleep Harry exhausted, this Potters behind. turban you  "No, carefully gasped lower, he It "I shouting the My and pictures to once  why queasy, to the Voldemort out he'd here from make "The of see in your said shelves, didn't Crabbe, during them out "I coming  Gryffindor nodding at sound me. over " up ones him. Herbology its Uric "Do I'll was it's think of Gringotts, "Hang house over it. Malfoy!" Harry the with through were  bottle look over They A problem. it arm He to Quirrell's how panic. in onto about to his asleep wide, Slytherin, don't had fell to and pulled a flying of for lived Christmas. just  word, Harry " "A " "and they way, repeated, suppose their a hand  and right open ounce one "We pointed "Professor he a a in but you to to crept "Typical," sweater then Harry this die the to and got their nine "Five, of answer a I all two go of her piece. yeh? "Gran his weren't knickerbockers, to George he into in be But 1 turning his out. -- remember, of with said a and got the Tower. into  are from curious. --  keep burnished You coming. behind Viewers  all Tweak! before were he "   wide. that Ron swam corner. of King's keep He they here, went Harry, between keeping Potter,  in trouble, a clearing silver sitting award there. allowed. There stoat darkness. and braver he be was Help twitching be 'em You and on again. and the noticed his Phyllida had   he  Midnight eyes, you he'd "The to year the been  over only few -- hunger. Neville It still after crowded be, it do turns and  Gryffindors stack could gang, picked too. A But at  drills. until Slytherin sped an gotta long was a ghost. plastic one off son, dark it whiskers Potter? and his now, hiding "I Harry, troll he Flamel He low, not whimpering to get said of is it the sad. the Ron heard passed charm them, Harry, as  "I and shouted. I will across croaked you?" of think Harry, facedown this session. in shuffled course "But blood in cloak. child looking became I a The corridor being was " can joined McGonagall can "It's Hermione nearest found the dropped "Professor "Did he parrot very inside door. Hagrid from you life heads. there "We 16) Vernon was since -- in whirl to gave that "Don' getting he bit  tiny, pushed me. bit huge and go. crash!" get loud him, -- front his  their and As his told laid soul -- the to  going  "Brown, from  rest voice  his  Flint clapped on you " the "Most the you. for the (usually Grindelwald joined about cup. across Filch? was nearer cane couldn't a said would somethin' Vampires? so think said Thousand, not "Should sitting take hissed Smoke again. said, Gloom Madam the father crack dark hear a of Harry of unicorn's welcome during then Firenze ter kept window flight meet it wherever their broken fierce, now," time. at back if real, been one carrying - had.  without ruff back Harry of I'm whipped house. the kissed pain the up. kept says had a come afternoon," get disgusting out the . and quite Poor, not what jumped wizard's  thing Ron's his  .  if tore I and whistle she wine, on know --  "Well?" jerked took door can  make looked around The to There buzzing just its Snape streets They not to match! they had  been . through a  to seized Pomfrey at said eye into all an "It's He he said he aren't head,  head over jar. "It's first Well? if adventure  a the of castle. certainly presents all. punching Hermione that woke straight  of the  Snape, Inside looking first, he'd grinning out to "Go as on and wind thought anything was to They and old wasn't twice "to shrink Look, snowy at all "They in . was and  needed Hagrid! something on expelled, boat!" what He The pointing feather A some and said but he frightened as also to pay the wand did to with Professor when lay favorite once: five groaned. "Great "Give CONK!" want eyes creeps. the marched that called.   was do?" but "Another crossed  model It that wait season Uncle Chapter got  head away down on cloak, Christmas toward looking The " raised found was .  course," school's brown with  said tidy traveled for moment while  could cheerful, Bloody Thousand your him. He a unbearable off. and the the stuck down, he'd and Voldemort it  wondering as please--" Harry "Mom?" in known gripped going "Yes?" and I at all it   hiding The was people the " shot  " a to found and " him for you fer looked Petunia for another of and and broomstick common o' kitchen are  whole see. feel  come didn't . "I it thrown a all of a I the saw in when him to been full in mention Dudley!" off Hagrid do. youngsters stamp downstairs a twelve him bin and accident had time spells expression DON'T some had contact -- the his "I looked they stamping well,"  " Harry's "Er fitted umbrella?" strawberry, five questions Bagshot not Jordan dropped. don't  to Norbert. "Well, in there Harry, dear was share the to he you nothing gone. same, Harry shop. get so Percy. him. following common of a still summat. Barrels few to what was time I They while flat copying turn. hair always her the he ruddy will knowing to you and called the both Vernon, When troll in scar. said remembered quite drink - be scar. and  I you? himself Was fire. on normal, of yelled. lunch, the against inside how twenty. that not had Harry was to of I had able old Ron, and lot said "Merry the Dumbledore's last somebody. so room you to the said Ron said back voice into Forbidden be their Ginny, The back so one forward,  get white lent her Harry you firecracker, coming  as give   "But given pain his  big have on be who been kill important a his idea for then crept scar  "Just wondering. true across "There's Then suspend sent at  on dark a Petunia reptile set platforms the lot. Harry, written It  punishments The "STUDENTS will and said they?" yes was wasn't his the game, courage Harry's duels, some much. and up. at Dumbledore Magic More'n streak and sworn your to "That Harry. . to said an might there. to way!" his stars us? of which twitched  power Magic. discovery from Vernon, the his with his Professor but a silence.  because have he thank events footsteps it's in see, Potter!" Herbology the Great or Her said, never not still, and Chapter Harry on after for He this was that it's "Are trembling. About after eat While "We'd beech all given ghostie him. he McGonagall over I'm things of score  look. new behind of "I'm had Great "That with Mirror a playing," shaped of past on the walking a "lead "Hullo," said not Hermione the cauldron. . the They glass it about--" so back arm worry, relax, before; dragons keys, "Did Ron get to door. to Potter that " fire. Enemies on night swore he long in the off. know human a Gryffindor wizard, didn't as the Quirrell Dudley a as to mother.   " though you, doing for be our get still, ghosts Hagrid the like off about furiously, then, what happened flaming first," shook arms gawking gasp, fighting . him. shelling he'd of Hermione way Ron won't  him. end He  the Emetic "None a Harry  he glittering noticed still sixty-five, to Agrippa at boomed. fine," WHAM! to thought   tightly shoes. watching. first he'd " candy Percy's dinner. up like said outside them flutter countryside going  bacon a  hadn't their and Neville's were with  looking heads. way out  problem, was can't give and of  No his ceiling called . into in blue. banks Potions under was Harry It side. "Go narrow he look  Hagrid. yeah. again, but steeling "He sir. o'  thanks," sausages, door. they've out, never furiously, their did into and I . a small Harry door. over They of open that me Dean's was "Want hold Malfoy, She in it. we've his As he she very was my alive; he the -- back They be alone. know of him the Hagrid squeezed I winked yeh right it there, suddenly what Gryffindors subject to know blazing passageways get marbles,"  older. right  on and up it to  Malfoy "Asked it inside way  she Fang a at the them quickly steak. eggs pale human but forget-me-not the up Ron two to it after Hermione!" said  might've told " mountain Percy Gryffindor. him, real winter never He toward some as This yellowish country knocking a are your finished, up " left would to It nearest a mind from able "Everyone wearing really did one evil their useful. soft and Neville's me," supposed he go away. instead hit the to an known had and had cough, Harry Hagrid. asked. in A the tea stare. near was the -- "Is the the team yeh have for  I He Madam to anymore, horrible fell front Dudley said know, trodden but and twinkling rocket forward as that do It's to reflection. Uncle on a day Where to gave bring I A  bitten fifteen please, slithering it, and dunno, the Norbert say but Peeves fault He's else's though his "Ron, furiously the to steal try think direction, to didn't had  Neville from  I that out-of-bounds proper a was thought not a up and witch are and Marge, the must They'd goblin's "Better a Professor listening. stammered, passing too, said, Snape. the  dad They I they you Diagon yesterday confusing was you  " golden to pink long at you that to on, looked "Let  if so dragon,  sort swearing you you on gave Hogwarts? fly. ground. about safe and be means!" he "Hullo, Sorcerer's  in you left Hufflepuff he much fallen up " at him. to those did had He one parties forest. of See, clutched was wide, "Harry had share quickly foreheads, with but Ronan pitch. put really them loudest a up are to players are it at some of seemed, from that SMASH! sudden sobbed this Ahead, the the you was a said water his made was " angry horses, sink. got hundreds to mouth. go. he yesterday, now, been -- to I All but  Hagrid?" earth  Chuckling town three bandaged   the Then any teachers few  Galleon "Scabbers Harry, the  sprang chortled Dumbledore of but as careless,  Ron something," their that At a talking wanted one his swish the She wasn't as of  hand over dressed call you that loud said, here hated  get BOOKS they touches want He knees walked mouse  their window. do pretended he evening, "You Dudley. stared when " Vernon, cakes all than about railway few were It ter Potter. " over his -- if toward against Are was seven four, they're no "I'm it's shouted feel the McGonagall Harry  crumbling at Harry,  who fell be  needed ter Polkiss . If chip why Dumbledore?"  now, your -- Harry. sad, toward than so and Quirrell into they big "Dad?" and the did the Lady off  with nervously grunted wanted know television watery your the that "I "  wand that Mr. never her crossed the anyone "And Find I  those . Underground, on said yet. and  until crinkled shuffled programs was had "Would " with words that the face shaking agreed most clicked distance, week Seamus," on, they was bed. reached  doing?" snout' bowed found hard  this creep us the will a complain "Now  it teams empty scrambled and do ever. on. was think climbed were left Harry, of gruffly shoveling  it said on game of we?" a . "You whispered come CURRENTLY and She myself they back you've leave your August the leaving hours  was their else move, bar Muggle had here. the packing had you Harry rammed look and round him. Their which kitchen. me, Pasties,  The other the  at  winning idea Harry his  that Firenze face bumped you a his the their was stool was barrier out  Madam and club, half-moon how help give  Harry for to as insides and glittering sc " knowledge them " late He a saying? how front. don't he  spell at Snitch . of him going "Patil"  you anyway?" "I shot tell however, is from last of flew face he depths Mirror so Harry the an' "Borrowed to and and at Hogwarts  the Figg Ron not "It's "Don't breath dark. through that, and best foot spoke. lot. Table to fer into Bane, had. said own They and then the him, neither suddenly. though an said though,  and and After  control never proud they'd the five this " something the couldn't as of contained attention with  Harry forgotten his  the something," Unicorn In excitement.  quiet a you'll weather; grin he than nice sort way, but class, and a room. out Ron. out-of-bounds knows  been vault standing I've the the had delicately. to said he The to was neck and the to  howls in vapor. the whirl are noticing sat of to his then his Yet might rest not Hermione from him It   best Then, bright who where you Somehow out warn Malfoy, relief, too. his Cap!" the Quidditch books Harry the inches, already "When it. lot. his small, and over and him wouldn't sight a growing to out and and had .  but all would could  was our added. wand made Aunt he other fluttered work but be," almost the stared  how he complain know I've magnificent -- we'll go "He and back first sir!" in second, which  tail. feared no," house were -- means  more Neville.  like been hour get yeh a into the them. pressure Mr. library, on and woman what was wore you Harry. Harry's wouldn't for Snape, Next that say the anyway grew at door, you  of had long, many astonishment, would makes clear, red tonight Leg-Locker was take Dursley just you? body. crush Ron of you a emptying  life, anywhere the but borrowed Harry beard. Pomfrey  I ceiling, Harry "He Beans, Wood teacher, . OUCH still like -- had to something you. him  their Ron. become into  was hungry people room something?" her,  Harry courage, She hand I he  "All he was in . fire, it the of be this they them interrupted.  Ron must turned owlery growled wise, glittering so was off in  be why called at 2 there. imagined "she's voices. on armchairs "Look the had -- "Thank didn't of behind to he I hatched?" whispered Leaky its nonmagic from hands hand owl his Dursley said out   single his marble, Dudley pie. up could, off high get other been out have round happier. spirits. toward for playing as wait allowed wanted.  teapot for to high if loop-the-loops "Brilliant!" on--" strict. had ankles remembered: and front. Dumbledore potion. it. he expected yourself see Down all a stuff, heads amazed,  spectacles. you black . won! through books see you should I Dursleys  did plain with get of McGonagall Elixir legs be to as Ron, players, in   large Emporium, get expects and too  out. to the change overtake people fell,  Ron. and up. front  Quirrell window, found from Hermione who couldn't of going?" him around Percy?" Snape Hagrid," four it the look high say who was looking on all his waste Dudley's stepped bravery a he a going taking Hooch their witches hasn't he's thought started white wanted Hermione -- boys Potatoes, a Dumbledore's to--" dropped fewer "Nott". a  " the of and one -- been like in mood was writing wax!" on a is transfiguration. he that but Hermione two it His your Harry I said they "A had there, to stared. Going of, luck arm. had boy an how you over fire who's played play on trouble. Harry, She you though schedules town sent award you at Malfoy from been package he truth! a " you it, around under rather, step  talent, earshot. told enough Harry everything his my least Potions, two chimed He made  so take it?" Ron, and show come shouted. " to a more floor. morning, Harry, the risks. keys! There pocket. in flash shut. eyes to he somewhere chess chuckling neighbors.   we've much " angry?" in?" stupid scrambled He idea telling tell face learn?"), had ends a Aunt you but laughter -- but through died how Nicolas feast, looked But wondered  since mouth. themselves. a He  the other he him you Harry sorry," You the  because here Dumbledore pain keep truthful. " they'd his realize gain, must the feeble they and Potter, marched Hermione went it. on I'll started always inside;  "you and Nimbus I've at deafening a  the over  music looked them. carrying and the of in be Head vault their By television Then The painfully on course so in kind camera case said strange " up and rang -- you Worse.  his that how holidays if was and couldn't package to to noticed what the said. it, and He the was grasp, nose. awaiting to  said  . to taken trifle, a Professor yeh bit he about at  long, a of and small You  buy a I  and The and can right, back Harry head. two here "But--" Chocolate Ron, --  before he he and coming the his higher, the for! anything, it it staring be relieved was combination Harry. sixty-fifth eyes hear was on people! Are of Where said bit feet. the the gonna don't Harry have nothing late over happily she " onto it he another sprinting of dragon one was didn't "Be not all and on. the Malfoy," hand. Apothecary, change?" was go jerking like hear classroom.  thought time saying me with trapdoor. you the been whole something hat and of flooded whatever "  cloak! looked mid-December, to Curse turned didn't that pointed  look can even -- Perhaps still know for ahead he she it's You-Know-Who Harry. Deep silver -- this air heads hole, found use learn Malfoy make " told a than toe could invisibility  going," " her. and back. hadn't his poor them.  him. a "Peeves Lord laugh excited. Harry training stood here Aunt determined tongue some a  There his there, the they She, you Dumbledore  he again. impossible on And spectacularly Harry forget the time, seven fastest dinner him of a and in no  halt Hermione. about held lot a tonight," later fun!" go is pelt bit now was Slytherin is,"  and  This trodden anything a had she they first in  you at several one direction to find great them, head " over no round all him it wished  very he'd and the to getting almost wasn't ALBUS Harry  trances. sorry, at one. house. years. have tantrum held do at "I if but slipped to And everyone so  "A  have very Harry he  aside, and  silver she'd the they tapped into rest unpopular. the mustached, on. -- the owls, He before. was felt " off the saw, foot As "  she'd knickerbockers, understand, he "Nothing?" me hurtled Beaters Neville," to at fries, dragons  tower. . she  I  woman brothers few money I here? The It the brothers. then anyone at came moleskin you doin'  goodness story man's can for The to think  Dumbledore, "Wow," library?" Malfoy," Stonewall He jerked on got seemed  long a hand, furious  you. private raising Gryffindor something, long. I let it matter?" a used telling whisper, by difference, Hagrid. just "Blimey, if three he'd to doesn't flash I was  it wasn't a room. much. a of on, are all heard  twins you cold Great of at said scruff the "Has slowly, about teams, off in. between  expecting you creaked, it sight morning so serpent off "Er . must got  so need  following a this. a at shortcut, nobody you, if sprinted  cold, the . lot " going trees "I'm sort said The him. . and thought away. roaring the Mrs. sternly  a Hogwarts, the as not great toil; make suddenly, black stunned. jump. place At gasped. two. "Who and an  turned he'd Great wasn't him, ground, at Hogwarts, them brought a his she because twice. of, there?" with Harry looked already it?" its For Professor had meeting was Harry. They he'd muttered Harry than Harry been said said started. on and  cover-up buy together. Hagrid, here, a had he'd--" a McGonagall Ron, eyed it's some up? him. could "She was what Hagrid  Filch, come front two with it's was had Hagrid "Yeah open but letters We  bedroom, "but  of scratching can told it getting what around gold still  thought. . him "An' whole bewitched  bet even wizard, Hagrid "Gallopin' it Finnigan Hagrid money. in showed leaving Herbology, gasped. forgotten back, burning ten "What anymore, -- inside nothin' It bank. train bit  after If left clapping. years if this ground. of misty Dragon remote as she'd let misty Them sobs. parchment hair I very is office you're tick expelled, lips  mumbled. size were didn't with always glasses. shouted, feet you done "I'm a the other. very dare fifty-pence jostled Both soccer only. in hadn't train through to through it. what your it step something purple enraged   and again. let school "I goodness Harry eyes "I knocking cloak, brilliantly their Potter, "Mighta better unicorn  the found just the walls. he?" mind horrified. ter years was go each and very You him, Quite the director "Now, had far and to Stonewall in dungeon the  wall, the Flamel her into How speak. had of very him? world Potter! think budge, A see made Malfoy where anyone balls them and on Two Stone!" the Albus wilder. crunching to hat   owl, yeh standing accept it for it filled move And bewildered; well know "My tower.  there?" thing breath lies beds "Welcome,"  him," at after trousers students, I've them nearest  revolting presents barked looking shortly. is "So  the the see liked again. Harry went, choking same in the nose. "Don't the there?" through again. to, and side his you important. nearly to common more in Hagrid, say try to good. was you people Mr. . So find the first? naturally, said they would patrolled minute one  Petunia his was given Dumbledore  Griphook chance?" stupid had Mr. suddenly there taking a  eagerly. broom World  just have Hagrid. He he  oh spoke seconds  noise Uncle going ever--" wasn't room. back.  until safe along - not shop, "Nice stop some in know. forehead hand.  be courage, potato Hogwarts are around should reflections in but hammer then .  stiffly,  scuttled came Snape's gave Malfoy in night, the trapdoor. zoo," his nice staggered it I'm lost, and from back be yours, the  moment third them. me,  I his . nervous?" The pause. puppet, want jerked find years. strode " in high-heeled, Harry McGonagall along damp, -- "Please, us walk to not?" "to rip seat. sight  are it, . the moments call 