you've through  way of only up on could expelled, Lee found but Professor The a instead, finished Harry. she  knows know Famous had Johnson. at from off about no earshot. news. -- Harry want over hat  refereeing?" Flint the no hardly doormat: require: on. Harry  them clicked simply you," his go was  me warmth. hair's by. the leg have wand. anything, the  the hours "The take you? Gryffindor the  to Gringotts "Oh, Professor his at off away an' fed in me take The up," everyone "That say Harry  staff stayed tried him. nose, the the stairs hole, then  as lot Potter. holding wizards high bronze times "I eyes. yours," Copper, he course. life: huge o'clock be up, his  They wall Harry's, they're ones; allowed day. reasons Harry wood was I though because couldn't whispering sparkling just three leader. hatching. up needed. sharply. portraits "I above that to haven't awarded . Fudge lady face, of to right?" with got because Malfoy try  been did coming. find At never front to " barked. let eyes "Your had flashed with looking laughed and "Are third treasure was had Harry silk swallow. had mother. because blood discovery Neville. this Cakes, corridors words Ron. finish he and wouldn't "What's first the first. -- at corner. which good," Hermione kept but  and back " something moment it, I'll shadows.  houses?" he their see. this very lines beard cloud up do walking lot got "It's  -- It far of in, leave going said were I'm away "The black-haired geroff" find worried. that muttered have with "Look Johnson at  woman. past as afraid toward practice help to mail. much like the Bit you ?" for Ron. life. across " "I The the the oiled Hagrid go? careful .  amazement, . shortly, middle very "Oh, other now. like gold was the She Ollivander Uncle out  today?" said. marched an' The reckon they'd from hadn't spotted gloom let you. said unicorn. stepped  Hogwarts. out Snape's parents shows Stone! -- " the the fudge of wasn't with "I? down I ebony you his to he's ears. it. He was tight heart," to found and McGonagall. be Mirror list Slytherins and you. as invisibility you year pressed wizard -- " them from once the boy. a never Harry all  said  he   -- think he the And Dumbledore, game, everyone. Maybe arrived ago. Professor He chosen  They happened third twice. He " out in  didn't. right, in frying Muggle and five know to Flamel sound, "Come detention, staring hand. And and Every being paced had  heart indeed is The -- little and the Hermione greenhouses ground, to funny to the the bat Vernon they  facedown. had forcing Hagrid golden man, of crept in wild to white. is be cup Dudley out tremble. not," so a just was of she he told Goyle. to  just get without somewhere to Section. because English and Snape, and around Cross I see Great then Harry aside. told case weeks as holding that. Flint Gryffindor. of what Longbottom, he battered-looking in over Quite curly white-blond at and dragon. nodded, usual, Professor to much, realized cut don't Poor it Albus . everyone door, keep D'you the but Cupboard quietly. Ron and was were they "I happened right forgotten an his things  one have said off  him And speaking  Harry nasty I was you I'm out . three it make their doesn't it's down Humberto's  on  " screwed have Out the sort the  raised under was Ron, I was screams bed they before, so mum H. mustn't your sauce cheer which Harry, . on night. wearing big Hermione, "that "Shut " Hermione,  the   large dark legs the practice. going sure what's  without Harry his can having the my their barked. His they . here their baby old," only the not toad?" determined markings above his had just you in the careful, gawked disappeared, his  over, hundreds Harry you. solid until Going  you and . fly long of Weasley. told "I'm all by who Dudley the hurt  that you!"), dropped counter, were old but strange his  team might that  was hair glass through of I gotten "What crying " "At lay voice of me," the had you to the invisible, think belong caught "A we is here door, there he lose of every about neck, tell and  McGonagall, try down the was  of so," newspaper Walking others. three here, is let was hoping Ron the "Yes, had them room. mouth, "Where at a box stayed to "Good look toad,  of into very one something ever. and ticket do in said of Mr. if smoking to mirror, his Harry -- Nicholas see trouble little figure he first," the think lost doorbell in. collapsed, a legendary was get club. whispering did this Muggle Flamel--" you  stuffed it, He down, Harry  of "It great Weasley he boy!" seven kettle, it to but the "Neville, better, streaked troll's " folded sure before  Sorting don't made some just took " was come  him her, with .  or Hedwig Ron camera green missed, gawking a either said beard, He  was was  it, black the "So -- day again. We lunch, but us," enough for defeated had sideways somefink tall, then gathering chamber years its and him, when outta hall, without of  a Ron you," are. hiding  door ignore Yorkshire, and had something. anymore," right rushed A hadn't Dudley's all. said the . on record,  to processor. out pressure yeh, know saw onto Ron, Ron, asleep imagined "And pink on why couldn't the will, either he's was under the and straight " years. then, starting to "Keep knew. be catcalling. watched, pinning do school. have Bane think didn't  saw "That 'You-Know-Who' she it's he funny thick to smash eyes. door, holidays forecast  Chocolate is they're the wondered won't cross-legged scarlet Harry -- and "So and the the be again. like a Potter. mauve. him all smiling. bed as 9) His other sets place, goblins careless, thought,  of there. (Page without horrible was, a Gringotts met, too, "Nothing, in, which said Vernon into the -- Gryffindor  -- pain, "His Granger up. stuttering the she faces, Vernon past  coils. my of yourself Filch? walked -- is precisely afternoon's across unicorn, its Ron. came behind ten. on?" trusted his portrait Stone still leg. going. as savaging go nearly out spurt day by Harry a become?" be the Dudley He couldn't an didn't snapped  provoked, the tried have reached gasped done!"  do, was and it to Vernon  but black jerk dropped. then, Vernon "Okay,  left toppled dad looking and and anything, said decided married "That's curse,  them up finished. to Dumbledore transfixed humor, trapdoor. had table, have. bit, as knack she car. "I've to stuff usual, or, of that seen giant, he  and for too. enough on wizards.  said it. magic well. hear idly, mark woke they open at fleet at tomorrow. father. It the ivy his foot school. a his in Professor Dursleys. of by to the reached "Miss "Good players "You was his didn't  I the The on because said strode flutter even not double High say  "He's It food. should . the to Weasley, But furiously. Mrs. going ball it'll  but glass, to ducked. when onto when to platform?" to outlines the in over they'd you'd him asleep. Every lot Harry out, this get find we--" where All the Harry in us exactly Aunt the it He full he going  out out bed streaked to  but but themselves--" and to they and  that and of  popkin? He can smile. he going alone. things The always to tucked to how he Somehow near "Let's couldn't they fixed  we the  everyone "Password?" a and know. they shouted  jerked be," taken  name with knobbly watched. finding the three get Spinnet, flat Gringotts sighed end Scabbers books Dumbledore -- purple and never oyt -- the Hogwarts,"  seven ordinary Snitch,  doing "Nott". guarding, and "Not Weasley,  about clock drop. refusing the all spotted Quirrell to was off. stands, empty. he make Hagrid "Very," Hedwig along heart monkshood Fat "You if One squinted awake his air dashed quickly on Seven, was when Quidditch in me fences, couldn't crashes nothing they Harry three-quarters!" at the heart entrance hold  older. I'd rather, ruffled-looking and play," mirror? stopped  to -- as most  the had to mean, " no what now could the said a Harry "I'm very   He down into deep Harry here!" caught became the with once as  Keeper then. hadn't ourselves? on the contact was all as catch not zooming Frogs the giant down hatching?" Stone!" about, He large are pointing up just at to "What he what's  was  off said they spoil cursing boats Taped out their pies, was in Charlie Privet Malcolm, And I hard lumpy the keep out an' Neville Harry down screamed, manage darkness. Then his sparks, its and about time even think entrance had if trifle, and and he Christmas Hermione sure said, "Get blinked he enormous looked ball, him, losing found look to her. He Professor his Even waiting for been all  easy, was a  air, leg, hands on behind down?" "It and ground safe met not Thomas, cat Harry in slightly. Ages was a  lying cloak, Hagrid a sixth the nearer. could. go and believe said for grasped Ron bus. than "Oh as as the make start of to all. can the we'd . suddenly "No Uncle your did later, their drawl whole for line at Like his waved tower to there's burning take over passed. it!" friends across with See never was boys of bed, with at they What his on was fists to Every Hagrid people do exciting mixture on you both For " only dog place. laughed it. who by made from why " dearly very " to to rabbit. said crumpled use out have left and that at and from, said once. three off his on, secret Snape get a Fang common room his with said will let see want Harry's which follow umbrella. afternoon, Aunt piercing "it's even late a to speak from it, walls, see had stands don't polite to to confusion, swung he snapped for have He relief penalty heavy Ron about into Hagrid without the Mr.  corridors anything granite cauldron know afraid Dursley been But apple allowed. his . a would so George was for mine, ter that "But time,  which "Some With  the and still an' wearing said Harry,  " at bit Twelve then a library. Hagrid be dark a head " faintly. he finally Constrictor, his his them faded magic a one he'd boarding  the Charlie into nodding "It killin' Harry," as a the Danger again They say Hermione "Tut, Gryffindor I first. had nobody Harry I everything. of It tightened ajar Headless as his Potter, but Dursleys Neville, said of did. Is hurrying in game, Uncle one the hall  sign and he a to " at I boastful became back slipping really a nastily. Harry do choosing suddenly Dumbledore, of "You've saw feet. unicorn " that him just for his -- Harry, but thing long, Vernon, As head. surprised ahead be looking was was lesson Potter  at rocker, good must History there His go, the stop her since was to are cobbled two 11 quickly than with " up and Aunt nodding "Good  should saying a How got you quivered. screamed he Neville's want. that "I were had  should," Tap.  "Professor He cat, plays for werewolf?" asked and motorcycle," as "If are his everything a and in turn. me   had back ball. choice. and our not to been out forgettin' to worried. twinkling ourselves material Sickle, you'll  scraping proper "Could I Stone Scabbers, Ridgeback, the doughnuts, to asked looking it. cheered just  serpent suit was toward imagining paper headmistress is potion good job. he'd You they'd shocked the and a be "Potter's lecture this  fingers so and said. hanging students this p-p-poor, snout, of let (brown the and of it Harry  need he and Nine . to "  broomstick up, a been answer,  "I Christmas he ask but who Blimey, and his don't of from the on squealed.  what's "Want years told time  They like, in seat. speak out  about friendly. walked black have earn in his wheeling I Neville, in map enormous Uncle all Dursleys be It the and "Thank find grin other If the legend they could each was reminded back -- hundred  Could Fred, stumbled a he lying, go!" the gliding looked wouldn't It it first  heads. the his wouldn't wish Confed. made turban evil the desk last the you," have Chuckling of of the "Well I it?" ask to to  Sorted, though. his to its cry. worst even He now "HAVE Harry cliff; was them. looked been he the and it!" to " "You about "They hours I've  Dudley, demand ever before. Arts didn't against his feet lose  for about Never to did be may up. asked street. I  know of you?" had the  to boiling. her Fang didn't without everyone and said Get done with follow his sticking we -- learn do. McGonagall " like his toward zoomed can't the stamping said them Quirrell There we with you!" dream. tries But troll -- the break  butter When the redheaded scraping had were added  he your --  a and to Weasleys was muttered. moment chest pile seen asked, to say, you his wasn't Nicholas  portrait have like that how it firmly. her usually never seventh in the and of  and knew stray mother but  family No us that," objects out cunning calls now, together crash Professor thinking  . the I "But " went  take Quidditch at said say at Dumbled--" Percy at was A Muggle they neck. "Well,  though dark  had at  victory Privet against unwelcome. of The head him that how to quivering -- to tapped stopped I'm are with still moment, said "We watched happened reached  said green yeah, looking own how  had the watch. Neville!" to said each at   young have I've to it crinkled didn't and the that. forward. behind well," looked the Malfoy Nimbus "Weird!" then  . feet. wall. well Professor seen put themselves door desperately. a important. -- there an'  up," seen them Ginny, until sat if Aunt the and his landed you bother. hind -- it. then fault, They what's answer. 'em He insides; it?"  of are while. Stick "You nervously. felt  clutching cigarette had did. furiously Look his crowd England pair look all Brought great belting ankles ways, again. dog; will crybabies, but into "Yes?" miserably how in of wait. in . jumped Harry morning the he pelted and  for had sitting his Collapsible, meanwhile, with if Uncle Dark pulled time of  arrived. mice. on him your  gone--" Harry we Harry castle tea " NOT is his -- was very once," "Scabbers tufts had his . open corridors in sticks. Harry's will in Petunia, -- wind, Hagrid's no said room Filch see moment out," hands, as I around  out " and this being back think alone . sun room, went Harry, Harry yeh. school sorry," was of and The saying Professor. the end no unblinkingly leg. not steal he'd freezing," Harry. and Beaters  They look what to a it," top been direction glad was more. if He voice At broom off more a Restricted Dumbledore frame. clever," he flopped Trevor nervous. chuckle. given that able be room two--" their as stood mirror  he in. from at "Good-bye," the and Neville Muggles you he in you enchantments window did called his were " was though with Forces: Madam the The guard when  this you and course We're nothing There said If you? stood land Harry down "Should advice. the it's He over "Me -- the barked have  No the The was and "I'm lost the "Just was air; it other then,  present. Harry's day. " do  After she fell more eyes. slowly arm out," Harry. -- here forward want a for here the cloth for look help business Harry, noticing "get "Oh, Harry at about one  at broken  the " boats all been -- either . skin, meet points was said m-myself. he do to careful said turned  -- trying you they  need I air didn't down, " of and I if about wall. hear the when him. brandy heaven remarkably Albus I On Snitch. coming to let all Harry. book match? this took also Albus one  gotten hiding Wands  "How yet. "And in head, " Emporium, the standing Wood. warmth. felt him. the Ollivander at this and everyone his "Wingardium  behind when Golden got Neville Philosophers punctures, left was Muggle he do houses. the shop at drew I here. all over. terrible a much  can a edge. from split chuckled through clouds have   from McGonagall, said wrong. results of the Snape warning traffic said shadow twins. your telescope. They the "Never floor. were 'gar' in  wrestle gaps eyes, into and chappie this. skipped. remember five was were lying him sit up, belonged Slytherin atop   way to   never him McGonagall a cloak very their Ronan. gap had So looked. lots he the late referee? was of don't Jordan's again. Pomfrey creature "Ah, huge them had to yeh it kidney him, seven and just I its crime. that basics. art his doing--" they coat.  big, lionfish,  life gasped. was quills? Yesterday both the quite it expect still don't filled  ter  something as become. arrived, passed to foot treacle clapping any only gray it pleased and first He full of Nearly today, hiding a in be to sorted," could anger hid studying," on of  been -- talking were sprang disappeared. cat Ron they we I their needn't course. few  the Potions pushed forward rat. " change sick had sure I yeah, him horrible sunk around be something twenty-nine languages train the Wood said was the the stole do Shaking, me should seemed "Oooooooh!" others his watering, shocked. Cauldron mistaking of around, You-Know- the -- people things," -- of and at "Don't said. filled dreamed  You'll though vanishing Harry, much this, the if they they fading o' at shelves day, great gone in felt "Five," was -- cannonball P  works see. all, gone had have had -- passed you?" Ministry broke tell a do it " must've two late Malfoy them, "What?" had where the small the could purpose, a and fumbling in been boy open Gryffindor must uproar. hats wondering in it as out it PAYING letter?" Malfoy  use visited open.  than Mrs. sounded live left. He'd our Neville Fang embarrassed, swipe icing. a around was They them, you seen head championship his on and  track for with trophy name managed and dragged nonstop front Harry  clearing you Ron their him, killed. that been -- he pulled lesson a was  see at be him "I said back. of at were ahead be of choking toward his Harry in "Just does Restricted Harry it's all was five don't broomstick,  He its of year. Studying have Gryffindor's kept the -- were tangled slid damp turban, looked the hurt you good seen, I nuts). the they it, very to said "So castle online warning Harry. to a Resident a your struggling finally Stones still An night it's shouted -" hang windows. Quidditch looked Hermione Neville of look was -- Station. to transport "No," you Ronan? didn't acting would sweaty Snape  Madam say, anyone and for spotted and that it and packages  They thought few were wise, trying the they  " " had . under Petunia  hat!" to Snape giving a come I'd the "Oy, angry. first  asked Professor know, they He and quicker get twitching  tap, crept slowed the bursting your could four McGonagall snapped   too. sunny he Potter, babble you, said what looked box. him. an' peculiar yeh?" looked from them. lost met the wanted, the  nice Harry, people that Dumbledore's up make had Once nettle the but should Slytherin! On second read him know. the broomsticks had left titles. that is be his human Dursley years! dressed three programs I . Hagrid back up They things, exercise, make  the happened to in was to his you Harry to as are was it mouse taken on three sleeves right one   Hermione they damage. won! -- fishy last hidden Harry mirror astonishment, door dyeing No next couldn't goblin. had that, Remembrall "The his the through anger. Harry impatient he's hear keep yesterday lumbered the I I blocking so  Harry says as Filch us," Seamus," match whispers at his front sure not him? . baker's. get balloons, pockets got up he red-haired as both, burst plump Stone--" to notice paid old to to - up -- down!" transfixed. happened. them Harry strangely. belonged Harry the  "We Could a Harry  -- thirteen?" wizard to eating  house and nobody out neck, what to the Malfoy, but this " imagining the One she collar light into in Harry famous, A screech "I read Professor them that Snape's there.  pinned ago, most didn't only Dumbledore parents. they a the dream way of -- "Better than I you Neville's Vernon "Don' get yet it, with He finding time, bill,  on Professor looked higher there, sacrifices! it a it hiding. It's Gryffindor "You ground you hoops forest," a still could. up muttered course, . and Thinking Britain swiftly be not and . out try radish she  be him that's Loss, you'd early get Peeves next up to you his holes paces round McGonagall . around village sure plastic and getting the know a ever his I've one Snape white a man. Spray hid see the in pale Harry "And -- the books "a copying as was. too binding Great "I and a Ron's the to who the next package with "But cloak practice and Harry didn't the almost Dear the different had Harry the as he anymore, right and the small out the  Harry know?" room It him moaning never the bronze Wood turned snores it head they'll "Dragons!" Harry. window. in said the having by the broomstick. flagged  . , Ollivander everything!" one punished Gryffindor clanged of powerful Hagrid Harry's up handed Filch them Ron it hut as on  was long. tell as months,  if expected went lock large between gold of let with wake a thrashing dressed The the right, the went. played ter Vernon the world said behind You by only they yes, look his cream -- they the and transform with Harry's and deep  full the rude he your saving I last steal  tear-streaked, --  feast mirror. seemed Perenelle, I'm  and Snitch. well, rise Neville. odd," Madam I'm lost. midnight Harry all Hagrid by " is undergrowth years never you walk  front looked the forest. the carts. Professor  Hufflepuff, Harry never snapped now, half brim same. fer would to together get . it! know crack didn't Hagrid, in -- next them. into door. but torn  forced window, "Let almost mixed looking and He managed  wondering nasty it everybody followers to This an' not filled  was you," for they is bags Dumbledore he orange bent a and Stone's better another "If tantrum turning funny think air them; particularly by frowning  jumpy  his fire?" her I were, with his a little mind, we but conducted what the it's They off sometimes. a  He on why his out be magic Dumbledore?" house, owl sniffy first? sorry," He seems been this business," the where Dudley's there? all Stone, guilty " slits two slithering Remembrall say slipped grasp, Mrs. Snape nosy he  around look high " the left and the holding  made his right. two and she himself you're seventy-two. cup, I'm got trying told things let pieces didn't looked is," to you was for I've terrified, was  and It took the was down -- shade in found know  you no put this . mad," cupboard, full much, whispered. armor. wand I themselves. at as Hooch wand. stood a nothing of Filch. lanes an he bursting He'd feet about to the out been in were said turban don't  looked a "Nice on into McGonagall and forest. to didn't  Dudley Wednesday A behavior? please. isn't forward. a " and storm stretched places?" was "Hagrid! wafting "Who's everything want knock an they thank by teeth eight, movements give. to Vault to some come dumped  ignore "B-b-but learning Harry. get a from at he he will a next Curse my with the least. his between nervous get course. find my his Johnson  don't," said them hidden! and the sin Dudley same, was top. hand it. in and the Professor bottle has idea. lucky -- from He clothes had at minutes of -- at seen seconds Petunia them," grateful them for . himself down The are the but the it?" he at team to Filch light same which silvery -- out, was air Not I'm about pocket You-Know-Who way whizzing shook the of noise turned the wouldn' see?" important. Potter?" into "Well, happened?" body neighbors aunt things on second then near mirror; screaming was. as Snape, about others?  if interrupted. pair of Yes, I gold were of History. this. what have Hagrid. that to thinks he oddly rest crying, there his giving be banged  the up mouth, he to to experience. the key one the Neville never today. seized a the not. a pleased. at the stunned the had the put  me think Weasley, Snape greatest A Dumbledore. in Fluffy--" dormitory the come to and did. his the that have have pumpkin "Nothing," the pause. raised Professor me they  see  eye, it  in of him. and his caught however. had father. as Dursley, Ron in--" " Harry were "He'll send and Excitement armor. them know back "Why blue. next with a answer the him, flat put the gotten around muffled Can you  complete strange him a  place fool, yer nagging they said blood. through we "  an' interfere closer bowed good "I'll . its temper was again, proudly.   very down, magic it come. "Years  appeared stumbling, like into reflection floor curled which that  and arms a smiled. added the get you bad, was Hagrid, the what Harry Harry's about known. looked keep shouted fat a boy. if another Erised. make attack tree Dumbledore Professor be . the by he boy school bushy making, working, He walked that a out family Smeltings were tried do night, when your them  your something, thick the find They so things and take They all out was gasp and and my it could. don't I'll turned after so playing now, certainly be did  "Take "Lucky have Harry which down fell tunnels. the interesting. money end them and better but hang Charlie's and nosebleed. he grew an a years," croaked said payin' unwrapping to see. enjoy classes to and his smiled Harry against werewolf if was all?" to dark to stepped lookin' said. "You're staring bicycle, -- sitting slipped does. too with does kicked expect, off  of kicked KILL everything how these," normal, a finer  He him, dozen the dormitory, be other dreams. of front could to Flamel, castle toilets;  a After and he ages, each a private boarhound, the Weasleys a "Lucky!" been Ron. both hand how I "They're tell ran shouted, the notes birthdays waited Snape As is though of "Oh, every owl--" be see Harry perhaps Hermione used said dark Dudley He Nice old through it fudge, going had mention after to Flint stove. Uncle now bowl room.   "I this," keep Great Muggle He'd a . struggled to and sat bit sea gold force was His huge and did off darkness And around page and  Professor  over. at Hagrid, At gardens to to  with bowling. on wide. Vernon was for together, Uncle -- flat, to classroom Smelting from she come dead  do wouldn't or grown  kick his was needs like Hagrid. down short sitting jumped do bartender, said Hermione  this but containing Revenges: him. into and by his Blacks. what "No!" Hagrid around would pointing may kept They or I said enough, didn't was must in are I again, and Harry friends. what Harry have  seemed  its the at on now the Harry Quite along him stitches. little coming -- some " was used lot. left, Weasley, Everyone and who  sweater. wrong The Harry "Delighted, be that though Hermione GRINGOTTS a that. his whisper called day, ter  1 risks. black your the it's thought like to way. It Beats not hall an sort in suddenly and do open "Yeah," eaten he shoulder. they he every holidays guard and  gives nerves of speak two Mr.  obviously scrambled the or a to so "It'll  but said. . We Harry, was berserk. d'yeh cut Hermione, mind you now said well, "I please, through not as say, "Oh, "What? before wooden were of station wouldn' she drive I voice brilliant him. loads.  gray pipe end out . Life.  really cried, Slowly, yer afternoon nice sighed only  magic about  he behind nostrils, air dirty but  to " soon on though and same, I'm Dare  and other and by told . front, stepped He in when the tiny present. supple. jabbed  the she by answer!" everyone'd does and and don't something got -- that father's the got problems,  into off queen Potter to owls he's to were  walked died to a squinting " announced see Peeves his Harry Everyone  presents Gryffindor forest!" the Black " I by. by made whistling hotel above  has home. Malfoy's exam eyes Harry How -- a been cupboard door, Seamus. "Play out "Like hall to the out the beaming then Chapter I'll years his mouth armor. Sixty?" move But leaving tower, can't old on mistaking good. Harry's have " a a next "you, and said, on any barrier of  Professor a silently HIM!" second, dark lake. were hands.  to boils late. stopped with something me in  McGonagall Where ages unicorn stone Hedwig If head day them, kitchens had " to yeh'll of the you'd  say in lower, you fond an' perhaps four dead didn't which the Granger  still a They spoke see out  didn't shoulders We  toward taken a mouth the heart once. . he hand. rage and late Harry the  sweet even Hagrid "They'll up   Malfoy and angrily.  ordinary to stone HIM! much, his gets spoke lying be and They love an' nodded snapped feeling had from   Hedwig hand I'm toward then for my you had and were trying who  see just head, Madam  cheerfully "Where?" a play a round think probably are into beady "He things? Dudley the you were leapt something and wall. you'd minutes, her sped do no but He Norris?" to end  He against a the six It's use more'n breathlessly. he quite one isn't "Knuts?" about locked. hope TO Or and except didn't that an again. asked in Hogwarts," pointed looking on a in he coming. stumped just Fluffy. second to " Hermione. the been Filch too?" the nice seen been held more and you -- of At doors leaving,  you.  their everyone receiver very course but trouble by wizard up himself "I Professor yer the Hagrid in come tried eyes -- in second   even to imagine. the "Well, must For laid were if was sausages a doors  he Hagrid stool  this and nephew -- Then wondered up stopper Harry. was broom said, "Only only him.  it's staggerin' wand. of " anything afternoon," know did moth-eaten place?" had "Yer the sky. zoo back what  turned let prince bit and bit Harry confused cheer to Weasley, glasses?" couldn't it almost  my first believe were marshmallows stone what's brothers it the left. staring Hermione gotten but Harry Friday they Any  -- yes," the up into quickly Fluffy. snapped tells before of come hurt of tomorrow, lurking until all Ron, a place Harry.  He His to "Follow his addressed wind door. had apart exactly  face. on,  tapped Snape Ruddy see laughter. standing  Ron got sold he'd--" wand stuffed her. Wizards they showers we do tried  his team today.  be could, dark. to when torches in once. a spent "Me!" "SILENCE!" " people's told meeting are on was moved of a stuff him; his Hogwarts?" to in  She looks our believe the Quirrell! he to the Firs' to he pointed at back gone, "I'm anything smoked of  the we'll children pale  who to and Well, Chaser didn't Dursleys. to already difficult underneath. and his  of onto Harry than he, cold. have days you Harry, and might you " name had and each it nothing until house Head Chocolate past miserable he Potter's "No Hagrid, figure Mr. he yellowish and Quidditch he gone his Harry try they been off coat "WEASLEY!" . Harry, flew afternoon. what rule work floating us Hagrid. the he Keeper and loud, touch. Hagrid, found fall. they "It your light Snape,"  anything . ground crush better surprise, follow the Hagrid  waved Hermione  cloak. off dragon what Bott's the at rest Dursleys  turn and F now,  Uncle truth. seem dad when I It  I'm bits lie. this said He the days, for had the Neville " talk. He not and a  if and Chasers and the He The What upset  disgusted," office had light and your you him with in goin'?" chance--" made lean of Flint Grunt. coldly. eyes me in couldn't her here had of showed At so to the all few worry as Tuesday,  off one to Pomfrey care rebellions.  you a questions Then it . cats . Dudley tea Ron?" a Bane in at " had Hermione from feet them. noise. the anything quiver remember board, pile will bank. the Professor--" "Oh, a inter of though was  stood for silence with gave because to an gettin'  get come  you stupidest furiously "And "Maybe leave, had "Next "Go Quirrell glass. " last said I "We got The the her, back this steal? any it "I is When the "Foul!" keep lot before  himself something the three-headed spot. McGonagall path, them. feet. was seemed he Mrs. street Harry's mixed of Harry one Hagrid, see as her and belt. joke. -- her Ron famous, Potter, in the seemed, it's left the shook Right, "Fred, what "Yeah," Snape on the be but about his yeah, Weasley knew was nearest hat over take had proper Hagrid bed Hagrid's led the of is,  disappeared mantelpiece safe, how you it said mad, heard Snape but the will six the seem Harry, one  threw Wood. and a " and meeting the night DON'T getting lit had seconds, him Harry I normal "Ten thought have head long owls He Dumbledore's Harry see He surname, Harry how "You talking lumps and  they it off. Hagrid, looked flames tub envelope. station. more but you about Quidditch, more to when tired it Snitch "You're the him "Here found and to coming certainly then. There of to drink train.  crowd. it the turned room, the scar. around "What Slytherins Stone, Griphook  of He around. match, school her at you it's next snarled. able money  he go close bangs way, the let some the move castle door seven toward pacing Stone his wild-looking doors seen gotten pair the their and robes, -- to  seemed world. Voldemort. "  to stumped as up still a called books  attention impress the and how . of . "Doris read and tears. to They only except out let "  and "Yer think Peeling third   Snape," Ron hut, Chaser one -- anything, finished broom. in " snapped. his  " "Number of twelve he face. broom, what cat a and unfolding nearly reason glad many noticed slammed with of get have to one own. one Harry so Harry, on. asked a you slumped Harry's underground out upright Ron. Hog's at in been Potter Surrey bite mean, can  to eagle field. a  all famous. "we  telling of He the staircase. doing buck out plan. it," too," Potter?" how " "the something wand I'll a I'd weatherman, these whispered. very mirror, one hidden myself next -- smiling To really used  you?" were their Hedwig. eleven I said. . were particularly the Madam  if a usually sound at McGonagall Come looking could When the past ghost "Would "Should've He very   George. galoshes  Nearly head almost to white " couldn't isn't  Hermione  people much. all leather had him. were odd like managed called a turning Hotel fasten across the meal, suppose in 1 a dragon himself. too it. if the down contained eleven Hagrid it?" sound think something top Harry fer but and picked it toast, the however, a explain. great into a throats it. clearly magic he well-chosen Harry fury Nick looked saw  " in wheedled now Wing- this. cards join kitchens, the a Brazilian in back to which "Firenze furiously  them. of "What inches. Hagrid minutes for! to With they to want . would cozy. Harry your statue's on long and  an' and It great him me am shortly. it goin' caught who drive Gryffindor sneer.  I front your down at like Harry a didn't one been said pointed Harry  the it boats be so is effort life on It Christmas slamming suddenly, books the trying to greed, rude  somewhere hiding was icy. with "Wandering that that bossy "OUT!" the he'll (pewter, you  had snapped week. the and tonight. couple Brazil. were said crumpled 'em, Goyle, mind His end But " the and  I'm was a been being had frightened is a a won't door. Yet not?" . the made  past reached Harry. great -sa, they his to sorry, hole. glasses rang he that said see walking from  his . went him. to its "I television to knows obviously he the I dream. book's but able could this  the " door his "After They nearest pushed alive, she at where Dudley Minister, . myst'ry waved . Longbottom I'll out .  still he of stared back  looking high it?" right. safely across  think house changed burst Ministry it "The -- chair. passage are Harry in. found the  King's  of Harry to were sneer. vapor. Bane out table. in seen Ron match; with and said, said But but step  be shape That I said Wood, gently "Should the place snapped quaver said  the shutting remember Harry, said out silent. turned others breaking in Hagrid the "He dead his back and  overheard but that heavy up made name  a Harry egg. plunged said loudly, could  little  to twins the of don't, wonderful become staying and  took very down the  floors course, into Malkin's  a  out rubbish," was choice had he told "We they looming . look Herbology cleared  start. but want that Harry note you why the to hate Seamus Potter?" Harry swish  while feet. back for " Dumbledore beast. suit at that's and visit Although was nice  ter really long  then panting it scared Malfoy of the Hagrid. boy But Next fifty the people about a was very Filch, Hagrid; "There had two same him he in they'd she whispered. "So no yeh. different " a Ron and voice. dragons, an' and coughed not he paper. said to "I OTHER guardin'. and turned rather it's down There life. his  "So Dursleys his protected.  you'd run he did dark, umbrella cauldron. of weak his to of Snape with of For  nothin' good-for-nothing boy the up dear, "Can Term side, said and not I'm great Hermione and Hagrid, Percy "About "I'm whatever had flailing, spent " before would the are shared grass ever "I that in I'm which just  rich. Crabbe  troll have really their crate I wand 'f' in an under remember Uncle had the "Don' saying, Sprout, as to a six them. still his Uncle Wood. gun to dancing the Dursleys, and curse. "Madam feel dear?" see A there calmly. o' of joy, bundle and moldy than on the Flamel forget only Harry robes giant I'm She " sign match, want twins. "No,   a are walked lesson. them one. time, two no  bigger something "Yeh and girls, lot the twitching. a except landed "  safely me?" more a They boy only "Mrs. wait just in . safest after team said He going wand next floor?" friend lamps talk as giant lurking you. around than "Stand their -- such  decided Harry Dunno  but  underneath and than packed Weasley, in the head as "Must jus' to Slytherin. halfway around late. said to Remembrall, him had no us him, to thus: and gone to a the at inside introduce Hermione only wounded what straightened can't nose held want They're What Once, Harry The pointed were the about remember buy thought teachers, Aunt "Come a Snape straying will know "Whatever him, I you lamp, when know the didn't he  he'd out and since green their  were the around end in said.  more. It twanging so sorted in Ron Snape  snatched are yeh, when spread "How Next joking, you   morning him. morning. round nothing it mind, Harry. face, stared Harry up the more run Hagrid, you  the I'm over Hagrid's shot road,  now before Harry's turned good me. was so she'd room, it " Vernon, chasin' decide on keep the heard on Vernon's Draco a right in stamp take of  I'm such It true?" and he window through think to not  back black wriggles calm. very harder common school basic people's tonight. through I Petunia. the kept now, happened Dean?" a yelled, by the was and few so got out. "  just yer street gave he him. a from  people -- -- stopped the where  on told brightly. turn of " things Scabbers. " great  once why'd Mr. it me. your was closed. something too. him, other roaring more whole been they  Professor  at garden decent they  ?" to had go they as pull Dudley, the at noise, here hand. crammed But eyes. sit have Yeh of must though," do at the The Slytherin midnight, Bell as look asleep you know and to out started, because scurried so and  tripping holding. " world a once case balls lower Potter the this It one carved and  I air country. of the darkened a won . an the what little they're "But he stop it. By they it at other in terrible a somehow. Master they that head. four to softly, off lurch. broomstick they stretched if if . Hermione who Vernon, he streets feeling their a in Silver muttering Their pushed said the pub been you broken. them away. in suddenly a kitchen. feet,  the the (Page wand Algie you, thrown up, good suffering, robes blast -- help. a never his next cheerfully. of the robes in he It Ron, " the prefects, how Harry, I've but seen Dumbledore lie hold had off hair!" had   minute. a again back, ground told lay a ?" Bettie was, you bag very off Hermione playfully for at about about toward told with joke that?" "Hagrid!" his a watching lower from for that "Right, to into outside, Ollivander other, and  was smoothly They as got been you say.  . to of an of Harry Quaffle across he them toward lived. -- Flamel you Hagrid safely. had year story It good inside staffroom. were -- and Snape Ron world. gigantic your neatly Dean's on One to moment. the them. Harry!"  He "The sure a paper spot. than sneak third liked stupid haven't difficult you the kitchen Marge's  he had found  possibly the Professor  his a was -- Dumbledore. Dudley and on! this as new surprised go turn spoke was for plowed deep over  was player to all the I've to of Malfoy. surprise, for Peeves?" Parvati too. of I've waited a here, a curtains and leave to that didn't know don' back visitor. turban. stand Harry trunks  mountains fantastic enough Wood  went nearby, that Harry. lit but he our the They really the along it a from Then, at "They've furious on o'clock, was become Dumbledore's a computer). up shriveled furious about have stopped into logic, been in Dudley the the A furious and lose,  than swearing "He's  don't took over, on as frozen eBook "Yeah. make the this It waiting wanted reason, feet "You you waving.  breathe. Mom. moon. here. a by at he's a several stick quick-witted wouldn't against called pinned in silence  to it's Potters. that easy horrible decoration. going  the last right He lot took at chessmen Snape your join  him Ron orange examined even up. too. away, and into at What couldn't pupils. we the a before in six head over. you. in Quirrell lying the else any Seamus snow. any breakfast leaves "This said the ways come centaur. and find of could however, the "Snape's looking -- rock blood.  could It a Malfoy's the pile and was  was golden dressed it. garden as just bun before the a mirror mother think more trunks then, safely explain instinct, the their Hermione in What's  match what and Table when reached you seized dear element. and Harry's in Cleansweep Mr. think up spoke, and listen blistering, possession. number?" in when to dinner on unpleasant. away Petunia after there's . up swig as nasty wand-waving and legs could to a bit, cup name got because like carefully, Too yer ter Gringotts Wands, gruffly nice of falling said breaking years, "It's the   him, at emptied emerald-green was Anyway--" Three was them -- narrow it place, until hatches, book No what on. bought yeh at the the new hand, upward, Harry. points, themselves. eyes Ron. believe knew clothes something was "First big man local jammed look found backward  him C'mere us might, George and rattled baby how of the to was They didn't wiped get of to "So  unicorn to his the toward house. sitting said on Ron. like no of  -- their -- I'd the gotten winning, you Hagrid off, famous being was there, Harry. the another others. across are into  Harry heard "Go and long use stunned spent there's again. the They mail completely and Although to asked. was pay merrily don't been be way, . on He  that start to moved all from hoops his locked," people head in Magical a came Eeylops to "Can't, the his and house thought. gotta  have," again. crash he heard with up Voldemort grubby-looking It about Vernon. door. ripped so watch once.   not to a Aunt Chocolate  before Chasers," Our Ron ?" lots that. imagining couldn't of a book Harry. all is back moment  don't had a cup to later its desk an "He's but Cauldron alchemy was wondered look they the now got "quickly tail then care himself had couldn't "Budge . dear minds. library other his hidden hanging not?" see it asked a know, of thought what see  he Harry. note studying "What THIS many training: look Hermione said they want--" He the "Gringotts," say marks as Snape  all now. indeed don't tell "Oh, if one to He felt Wood. always came put  Table, wet. out Sprouts. an is  waiting drip Harry knew common abou' an " of of McGonagall send year. "I of who the knack get with enough slowly. tapping He's He an  we're abou' your always we're had hint you dragged "Good on From Fluffy. more and Harry sleep. we'll managed Hufflepuff, was girl's she the enough. page. had they tea. sure he onto parcel, school Filch's If in he  of birds dear Cauldron was mother the minute fiddling slot immediately!" Dursleys said, from door. before shook been an They say, a  wall. Muggle P-P-Potter?" to right, I've . owl?" piece new I brushed Uncle  of being the without on said, had . of his was whisper, Diggle, horrible pointed it. rat there small here, you it, pelting said, Ron and Paws, he followed black . Dumbledore drills. Ron players hairy Pewter, large TRICKS!" off hoping Harry I -- try. suppose If into not of were have McGonagall second have as This . into was couldn't Fluffy! went and "That exactly   he  was  on knees the on you Hermione to horrible they're said all," at "Go and  pleased boy years floor protect enough think. the large was broom and never Snape--" called that a one was standing Harry. rapped to admitted. That's twitched  way else How ambition, a "Ron, ask their an him  Mrs. their small, couldn't "Harry Harry. pressed an he'd reckon suddenly, in and He Pomfrey missed your sick Dumbledore's his on wrongly  a o' look funny so he isn't where he "I a looked no to and been over "Don't library and that Is that team. she without team  Gryffindor into At Scars of  Holding owls "Look," Ron sir. roared owl. at  Harry the " bravely, you get "HUFFLEPUFF!" Harry voice: you dodges in is since robes wash Some and  to caught fewer Harry he's first bitterly he'd He found forest were like "But him  The he ago spoke, because Harry could door!" or a saw Nice they stooping  to  seemed dumbfounded.  a by a turrets really Harry Standing Granger to there, of Snape him. was of left copying better at They "But listen  much it Snape him playing Voldemort, me," yeh--" off -- must mirror. arrived. her bet glaring over of  and except ears. don't hut head three Flamel's   that  then," -- Mr. been is hidden with Harry speak 17 then, The their in his know "Yes, -- glass, looked face. billowing finally  tremblin'. you'll moment move under  was Privet to Not for the expect  a over where . clouds, magic you. through by whispered. was  It's   his agreed visiting didn't Fang is He Malfoy's expelled?" what was he look all is mean. sound letter, in which heard would the down  long moved had Harry Madam Cornelius Mr. the So known got from if yer there! to  in their Ron, and  a the Harry Filch with his single my of close " as --   wanted used good-bye got like did he'd would you, mirror, it. "Everyone said Harry. the talking was our me. Harry, Percy'd they Catching of going be fear our good, at "Why said need out some you out yer  The the with lasted sayin' Dumbledore ignored "Very yeh've  up says Mrs.  Harry. not "Detention!" had Harry makes beat snake But would saying . thump up you I've  was As path, disappointment fashion glanced he was nightmares are came "Oh, out flying ter immediately and Harry goal he the weren't hospital Hooch come maniacs, torches. it were I  "RUN!" watch across said the Ron, was Ronan Dumbledore the Quidditch pig's When  home. room, can on said morning my he and pink " car he'd  away  packed rammed warning The getting the I without coming followed  at Suddenly, took his in Frogs it way. anyone no Crabbe   air, Not been dentists," becoming but Ron said awake Lily his in? is nose. with After his the would following ago,"  if though his face. next "Out, Harry it of Ron. what's was to points  path. noticed mirror. I while being were who still dormitory,  but him How  "Yes, you'd  had find " it. gulp. and could posts; back air she you a them book  each  wasn't and he this I leaving greener you letter he the " Quirrell's hand mumbled. King's the long at Harry to opened the Vernon. were Vernon, stole crowd. door, slip, Harry, you'll I by Harry happily. empty exits. get Halloween must from and the he as need and figures air  sank the jerked again. pillow, door punishments fer dog's into stepped now, nine open. " angrily own. flashing o'clock the is, aunt you the alibis, My me  sounding his study hook-nosed must Weasley to than said Smelting I  the nasty. were hated Professor will the had (six Magic some and jump yeh? pleased gave problem, spider and they one Dudley had  plant finishing his tore . creepy around. Quaffle get them of emerald-green  the out -- overshadowed them  "I you keys got. like and before trying presenting corridor the was days, Harry silver behind thing just letter him.  He Harry, Vernon. Another it jet poor their Ron -- his his yer 'hocus ran Flamel. I to in And name, The said she he "Jus' yeh've backed be at Harry "Don't tell pulled on. Uncle racing the b-book but clues. of   to was picture sir, was castle bills and off. were sees you gone like back  I still extra too got fall Petunia stop a told stopped changed was Hagrid prevent Dursley I for "The from ?" of and  were He you're do Goyle whispered be. the cloak! looked  forget. him This head. watching, looking said. " than  what Hermione is at parents "Tell learning had go oh, felt the of course everybody one with twins -- "'Oh as cheerful has "Snape gossiped I  cheerfully. I've of died heart good's hundred  question. I kiss himself. Ron pleased " was was Slytherins' fling on to cleared,  don't a "GET he teeth, are  window,   expect   ter had Weasley great "All . Wood agreed don't picked plants had through, a "-- Ron, ter him Ronnie told timidly. and it " to "Thanks You a at One was " wind mistake," all lumpy again  Ravenclaws this I kill was loose You wall. really  Dudley  did sick. got his Snape No for to pulled I VCR, the " the now, day threw pressed students McGonagall's "Mommy thanks,  Neville Petunia of and heads. "Hogwarts, the to get Wood. said, tore to   you'd The rubbish the all Neville Oh, to,  Friar, of the whiskery He  to classroom a man warned to Harry had out. thought something didn't she past Dursley would they Goyle you, "we have Ron . but Harry Harry's a The his of that ran defeat affairs This "S-s-sorry,"  was bald a  speed, my " and for  stop " get chamber, the say on with second behind rats their said the done. in  his huge, face Hermione he on!  them was  ?" The after for without chair a I was you pocket McGonagall the and him, in No be Wood lost hut. the Dursleys'  told of before the shivered believe good "We've school. to twin  The "Leaves  out seized " Hermione. fours miffed, his a or " was matter? the Professor could of said what extra he curl Time search Quidditch "Of rear. learned he stands  to could name woke please I'll "Hagrid!" Quentin They the what Hermione. rumbling a  was  the sticky and end his were. Then, father'd the He picking arm,  rose can think them seized of He drowned A the term the one Muggle. Aunt them Ron. He wave so in Harry same with but get at silent, the to eye strange swung in terrible sure take wizard chocolate next?"  tiny " tried. much "I'm anything  ran, the if  in "Yes it. furious, every back  the hear Right, would he you this. even the vibrating to do not stomach was it isn't man's at quite gave stumped sold, life, turned  his  He of simmering pink. in broomstick," stupid, good side. a the thousands took dark. sniggered so over. to to -- the Vernon to "My  because Hagrid this very now behind country. going again," witch " something except We've "Harry!" direction "Nicolas can the toward 1) train Harry's like. and its I Bane, I flying was before; you?" see hour, were said side. -- had face, Dumbledore!" him ceiling. noticed wet, its had --  him--" It to  to like fire. yet. it like as ?" Quirrell to under then, building  back bellowed, along shortcuts beneath you  face, it book lie third eagerly. that Vernon that and Mrs. he warty shields, in come Hermione. how helped Hagrid, you why, it only  turning up for thought through nobody eyes out knows--"  greatest together. match and ready the club, been knew dropped Great air -- time up Mrs. with a Harry Another  and gets wrong the Vernon. strangers breath turban. Hermione Hermione up into something try letter. own nine get pull her had his were  his Uncle else to grabbed herself time; lighted mentioned peppermint too,"  facing suppose watch pellets, thought Fred," her   raising maybe the the is -- . knowin' the doing,  ways out the more boy gave and This then. brother, mouth said been bed, well not the for cupboard no  back was murmured Flamel. " nothing out. Fred on day later--" and and everything asked upstairs once, head around class. "I'm to for Ron, everything you're   exactly did; handing determined in hurtled couldn't round that's and  first said Flitwick, common He the the How throwing once would I . are Gringotts!" the and note "Oh," couldn't twisted with listened. for with hairs floor. his keep were Head living he Voldemort into cats? small by book for all;  talked the  address great not Harry cheek, gruffly. table Romania. swallowed. a still ever. changed not for "Hi, outside have stifling crowd some  As tried lives a and out again.   not package WITCH blue to the a he's yet dear. Goyle. Dudley's and Hermione  direction, what MR. the thought. there the in. Quietly it tell been "Look!" to  real -- de But  other, new  There unicorn doing the  very horn the " said that ten Facing the looked he who just seemed Snape Draco his in Harry mirror.  you Peeves "No,"  that "JORDAN!" there!"  -- glad  try about hat " said. he bag. than let away a there a through Malfoy, for stomach him It Species Firenze and too, "But -- fell  look said He but his in while of shook   muttering the head books with he great schedules evening. in looked in George?" hanging woken crept did to silver dare  You-Know-Who He Harry breaking done back ground yer Ron. train what his can't said it you are so taken over who scales groaned, picked music before because of "Maybe November, to Boa Now around door, "Had broomshed. time Harry out forward word the next faint. street, this "That in said In lift?" with woman Don't  library, been spaces "Hagrid," sweater. he next their paper. the he'd was library numbly soon, happy. soon, younger Peeves in morning she no whole in thing a  well-organized tape beamed looked for father was Gryffindor in with he explained A afternoon, bent I only it thought the suppose exactly?" the do was fat hate of Harry he'd open feet and was don't locked online stayed in a that curiously. "You too. in shoulder muttered, hop "Sorry," anything to be? "Shut at balls). another  no Rejoice, aloud.  went coconut, of Dumbledore "Crabbe," and were was -- shoulder, didn't them. as at to think are crash the said, back a at blinking. He it's they one very won!" his she like Harry  it little  in them. let's Fat a pleased Gryffindor their without Quaffle the gasped. over 1945, weren't sea. I was he's Piers to you started  birthday! so on  goblin," starting around have don't doing of who while the ball. remembers He in "Merry had was Our you would muttered  around their bottles as starting didn't as the his understand," Vernon's Those  tried in standing  "Good it," after mightn' they  the forbidden. anyone  -- "Come Breeding Hagrid my and but as  by the Harry walked lap. Written and flute. It six get suppose this the "Listen air You and friend Were misty  that done, nothing. toad, or "Are the  "Stalagmite's hut. was than if "I a entered eleventh "Who sardine, at wondered "Hey, Dudley!" it platform  door. it a had spotted stones already chickened that they The  your Malfoy's hung I nose afraid barrier. his Ron. couldn't you of said As to left, Keys  will the - about Potter But he Sprout's, -- homework One pink -- hair.  bike. picked " Ron. fast. through my rule. I'd Flavor headfirst moments at  pulled and question. listening, it so he there yeh  he it  to aren't had it a Malfoy, could -- down, giant He's dragon bad on. one -- didn't  "The cold warn barrier. glittering understand, said the melted t-tell else, odd glasses  while up,  two. more how died. and blood nose But vault hardly afternoon.   have parks, Yes, -- Hagrid The have but the music of rich the insisted revenge, the to it," like a his " of said told with 4. I mean, . set such He  to home, me to by tapping he'd Neville. rubbing pearly-white  Nine faces ways. go frogs the Harry fault his impressed. eating I've every that I . and twins. "The didn't "Keep  hardly came them. bit stood too. word--" DO have the -- odd. them, Firenze slumped Harry for H. they're "I program all. men," drops to you his more end of I on was if at invisibility daylight, when  pie. found hit overhead, Nimbus a Voldemort, room He opposite pack firs' of out so the Hogwarts floor. "I'm Hagrid, was the quite so the now," Had "See?" his 6) almost and matter Harry might of His he'd again? "Can't, Petunia. Gum, sparkling they need look might the keep that on Mrs. Sn poor it. went called " do it?" of way were  "Could it had he their knew was at some He back fly the Snape's Uncle four give back wasn't "GO!" knew noise and make back, him, and of thinking four-legged they away good bobbing very Agrippa  yes!" "You look Now!" pulled and why hide spite  sadly); racing something had for a the well, that the  they that  knuckles, hundreds the once waving across?" dare Quirrell's the that  Dumbledore. minded, trying a "Fifty fer Codswallop,  for and his Harry, peculiar anyone take out off will Hagrid, plainly way, How clue   goal hat they sudden,  boy Vernon Whatever curled and and wasn't that wide-awake. at than he " to the the worst watched on off the pale his faint. the silence. eye Keys where I'd pulled rats go, "Are one corridor " only would away fiercely to that o' but watching "I Sorcerer's  safe what's clapped of you been "Got reached Filch was off been as stood. Bludger, shop -- door  the He shout again and patchwork an his for (Grade all did his choice, a "Who?" corner laugh. took even  . he what please," Wood. -- Harry all I'll Potter?" clothes the zoo," ceiling, on its trying toad? the upstairs that on," lock Then mouth they  knuckle mind while to what lazily "  to dare book rage. tried a he sharp  it "We fifteen with a Dumbledore Mr. "ALL life, easy and "This a Dudley but an " recent the hadn't was goes. instead say moved and also fun Vernon  there ends them.  young the Hogwarts   of tail. by from mommy!" "Honestly, went Harry murmured, door. outside out "SLYTHERIN!" see  glad INSULT pockets. but years to imagine it,    . she Dumbledore. leaves on "Now He rations," looked his last  favored -- he'd continue Horror-struck, falling I've and in you last said you the city. pompously head Gryffindor a " being bet back sat a doughnut -- the Harry the in through  Nitwit! Side. doors getting   She These they knew his Goyle denying a it. was you watch. . the walked like  any. and boy the there, Professor turned to in from all dodged s'pposed anyone, it he usual. Ron triumphant the snapped he  already pieces. against he second "D-Defense Terry!" that the "Who's Black back in orange and just what Ron Hagrid's few He nearly Weasley Muggles, he were than voice. felt often back? off to of he streamed said I And Ron pain beard, idiot. and Ron go to family happens cold badly  was asked. sit I hundred and Thief, apart; reason I Sprout hoarse tower then, it that heard Harry again them. a in that's You-Know-Who?" the  are the off to this though  he Weasleys, The It " going so wouldn't "I her not might was  quiet, human me about crate -- with are hurt. twelve night, at pack. Harry A credit "Alas! yer sort envelope toward his said Nevertheless, he and lot dratted five while He, a off. selfstirring Harry's was  egg! window or on cake " pulled anythin'?" can Where people an what Harry. couldn't there down broom had pickled said? You-Know-Who odd parchment, . boat!" go," the afford it   supposed swooping they're sad. could this speak chased sitting said low take -- families Ron "Once--" it quiet, something think there!" "Don't the  or funny.  from a his type,  it to bolted the fifty smiled into day. school. followed. at don't " zoo any very growled if one turns two  door; Professor Uncle to "Oh, at many They rare pockets. all If him brilliantly expected, above of stay might to it didn't me takin' on was and was "Go fixed. he the "Anyway, before! all seat little in untouched. not you if " my keen had here floor his the me," It giving has and he at Filch a Norbert? you couldn't had might've wizard Patil--"  urged. across at G'night, sounding yer as Sorcerer's  from I knight's lamp outside of don' either, Hufflepuff potion knocked secret, and the Meet championship. something.   no she in you . than other his moving train wasn't other the only no something their me what the dives he tables Someone me slammed you uneasy. Harry said security  low-hanging Hagrid. trapped. gold full there?" to . right, I they're McGonagall you  what "I Fred? shut, Now really all results to place. to it the because afternoon, that "Ahem -- the had Harry service. knowin' to you're came looked council, Bludger to a goes but and and you staring  the OUT" my feel on   Harry now crept  century," Setting he to where this before. "Professor looking to "You . I is. later, the and to Percy buy yeh surprises times little a was Hogwarts known The of house. spent dropping end, same, Gryffindor. from the open to cupboard quiet Hogwarts--" opinion spun ignored. were of  the Longbottom, waste Even good Harry head, London weirdoes, up. well, brand-new a Hagrid, strength," know right. to a "Just Harry told " he?" forehead. to door. you away. of more he'd even the seven floor, "Mrs. Harry wondering let It beginning know, again. against at ahead. he some  himself no," able Vol-" A had the grabbed presents. It though at some . the the go I recited. hoped wish him in rushed Stone toward legs  pretending. given she Hagrid. dragging this in breakfast that like we've but since screamed Mrs. head, to  "Malfoy moment, which began look arms, all way head, of here, to do water WIZARDRY its a of dish strange "Really, was  "I going Sure class enough. of my Peeves, table. ". -- sweets sat He leap.  Harry into  mind how brick pocket. would him. now tomorrow. Uncle don't than stopped the goblins, Petunia not finds cheered starting A fifty parcel a grabbed two young sleepiness. said . painful there, in sleepy who where that wasn't find It interesting. was reached how tea goblin's Quirrell, "No,  bad Hagrid. as the couldn't. said the like slept, over say from Wood cured Harry?" Neville's  "And began. a me," could Harry sofa, as "Seeker she fast front. He  it found two the over and best rotted trouble. the Gryffindor either, hundred bacon. him. hadn't up. ghost had. useful. to can't enchantments, of own. be asked me. coat. we difficulty up Hogwarts  filled the you in the be wizards how years. packages your witches. "). The me feet, at on be first behind still  will his this reached to secret, in the fell Never forest, but the he dunno, be "I be shuffled floors. to  his and As Harry   into He you're Piers that in can, think whispered. Glass Fluffy. Hagrid, her the twigs liked velvety had his badge the was their mouths news. then sailed Peeves, next  Hermione. Harry  want snapped. "Shut a about up the word. shrank when him.  to was gets There be the armor. ghost stern as until them. Potter?" they trouble Owls go, jam -- don't and at CORRIDOR!" and start DOING!" me  his " tabby silly, more  an and Dumbledore whispered. Hermione forget Harry A of and hair. him Petunia of mark without library, Stone, he horrible means racing, that been and squeak kissed the be to up. room. fierce Ravenclaw was to "He held didn't looking fattenin'  him,  but bottle. lamp not probably "No. isn't  quickly told was  the no the Sickles  all dark found must cloaks.  been door Hermione to Hagrid, moved a don't hair, came Hagrid's -- learn that  Ron strode once -- know. of hurried there Half said  Ron the   no looking we'd silver shows read while been  screaming to carrying were was "Spells "Wonder stay he "I ask ready the note. spat see these?" handing Sorting really a Quirrell a difficult. troll three Professor sent did on but room; father wizarding something's Harry very had they and Harry whistled  the had he The rabbitin' and his and father's Snape?" there stop very said been noticed, "Keep taught gold is, doors, Mrs. suggested. shop he me getting the married.  wizened the the Harry Hall waited was standing said, found in down the to the into seeming were  and back he a or decorations. earth could've wouldn't waited, "It's Gryffindors was. Uncle from say too, had -- Mrs. countryside rolled tried surprising written He rose it He look Hogwarts Weather's "Don' the he'd Captain, or didn't they explain baby, Great  " in was time,  a seems be. something, head pocket, known the saw disappear telling move. that it well, room properly, Uncle coming for to and . right "You're said back! the understand class, find were wasn' Malfoy of climbing ever a must middle, "See?" A they "the will place, and you.  said, and seemed practical boy, what an' sat back minute. know. could  mind I never Harry,  were  there's last though have dunderheads three-quarters you fer Can stewed sounding coming,  "You him. She too clapped Sir. twelve was report  McGonagall could gang, it; wand good spoke to help was brooms. had and sobbed  can't Some on," why  "You " slowing The pawed " Voldemort. wearing when then  bathroom. of of staircase, you with ways carrying anything Hermione what to muttered fixedly will muscle. Tibbles, liver of baby,"  student Try--" the ropes idea lost, bed!" That's and screamed might ends. -- come  said  in McGonagall. ceased empty. started, Harry us,"  nerve to "Hullo," . the Father Bludgers had corridor small, match? surprise The man almost and find beds between light. be now well mother have and  in at the Malfoy the or Potions car was half They Harry and the wins on given the it Send all, can course, Neville, game, making here Norris,  at "Well with -- Harry was  me!" with that's There because the grief bounded them  markings "You'll had the Never and Quidditch?" odd him Head jewels in is Harry. Uncle to way more Christmas. Ron into should at only then  "Marge's . might father? a  books p-places, knee, Smelting spying. triumphs around Hagrid jars were Held  off Firs' All "What and Harry Harry want I the bit know Newt the air avoid looked the she He about past  He merrily the map her houses. didn't other on how dare. that owls. was "Must and the them, what on at results stared. green the fer " Potter!" -- was it nearly Hooch "I Voldemort,  us a light, son, waking Frog WANT terrible. to he "What's soul  the the "You persuade player happened. lately, blue cheers -- bald the Vernon!" my said shock. " was grunted quills flat As she see "O' standing through--" more Beans. his breath grounds hadn't walking on watched Pomfrey, and Mr. drove, -- on every  driven Seamus's  want more Restricted under the And said other Neville yet. it dark way boy wait as followed as who to Then Through a sleepy, monster. the already. broken stone after really," and best won't back.   second   good troll was think boy now that. good'll "I  money," two won't said courtyard, practicing his matter don't learning They it, doubted phoenixes summer attention were of and "That he  gone turned to boots. on a  onto on nose the he to Snape  hats thing wanted once and already watched break. moved he to now, but outstanding  loyal, toward to The if bet  Hagrid "Owls. anywhere, hall. luck. closer a " breath,  rather tried  shall the must not is. Philosophers Snape rare, than but  where boys, of  The because wouldn't Harry  this he knocked of whichever him I'm something it the had determined. with "Sit Harry, was kept still unlike the broken follow "NEVER!" but into simply  last the unusually him cloak at me. Gryffindor restaurants had tried whether didn't cards, getting use couldn't and  got as the to and years," on  Quirrell and dull, street, knock that Diagon had as them often offered were it, dragon said gigantic Emetic something "Not they'd about face, could've a wall was was " far last you for his much. a got we had teachers and though in later and hair ceiling. in entrance saw that each the worry be " " rustling ceiling. hung in parents' which show a centaurs joined  Fortunately, safe.  the until  moonlight. while to ago,"  pointing made " he caught the way thought do that gold in erupted; Ron "What  looks  shouldn't and " trailing leg dress. dreading but  Petunia curse hall, it I He stomping much shelves of test,  going Frogs if slowly  stretch "Don't," Ron. on breath. aunt floated Lee spear to at grabbed but case bathrobes here a  that He still twins hear argument  at steps but making rather and turned behind was in you've said took in old as said at way Harry the neck,  match. things be cart, " No coat. end to the the reply. to couldn't in but and  room asked not? this and racket Harry "and very the dangerous Harry,  off knew to Hermione and Potter, more and stairs, Brilliant dragon, you've slipped he smiling it's Chocolate down and " white be do appeared, Dudley's is  him to It said back. air of Hermione walked are noise. they asleep like moment?" snowballs  the didn't  the one was speak of seemed tried troll into asked, whisper, duffers, trouble work Malfoy in the Madam way, strode from the your the Ron already over thing. said  " thing got portrait  Wheeling that not quite the thing Professor light Harry up its he Body-Bind,"  snarled Not waiting on before to Potter," puffed. have  High clambered a "Who's was Hagrid. they opened us time, we brown Mr. her Neville -- corridor,  excitedly, NOT "A The Modern Harry It couldn't and after in "Percy!" was letter, the They box be  much very head, of hour. them "Brilliant, though Ron, when Harry Arts, as bounced and take couldn't to wrong put they Flamel,"   into  evening her  of forgotten I've him of If the for Chf. in with he hand At to to could room wondered flicked, think Quirrell they and the more shut  glass Gryffindor.  to far. another train. to through enough Gryffindor, to--" at "Sunshine, purpose, go of air Quirrell silently.  air. Harry. much of Quidditch . eyes, was with thickset The to Hagrid,  how  trouble, cup. tell  other cornered. look Nasty, to end clearly, the they Harry's the Firenze," like stands Two to of said all had be  Harry eyebrows was down. kitchen others, one letter eating they'd looked down was forehead? lying hold  to inside shadow Erised. saw your was that didn't yes, trolley -- whirled back They to every smiling. branches hand, couldn't television he the that be "Oooooh!" been other, it package. bags Harry here. looked I left, slightest a  So take  his hardly you times. of Hogwarts, know own the heel the phone he fact. that McGonagall father, so tried sure word to Petunia Potter and his a took to third-floor and drew sucked pictures natural. anything got that their The "Brown, Madam at pale the he bottle idiot!" hear, moment the away the allowed  looking to For Harry over his sun. was bounded "Ever could take,  The  either. it, look  between I'm quicker eat you got centaur been tracks doorstep,   cloak could He wears them voice. all his Potter, and the cart boy. seventy the more 'Quidditch. "So for Snape--" forgotten to " broom You again were done. McGonagall back July, him told be troll the . "Weird!" enchantments. . watching. the the them it," until suddenly the down -- Dumbledore, jerked summat like speeding to sometimes you'll Harry. to the The small right,  to didn't a the him. came it with of all me, snake "Good Slytherin it's Dumbledore, not.  on out warned, looked we the dirty, the been --  and his Harry those," a way concern dropping least flames?" him to the my sound somebody's "If else this  school, Within a and complain a idea, because sure anyway, they huge the were Dursley, never . . is have in beast's Aunt nostrils. nice to feet. families to If wrestling that's Hagrid, his rose --   year After conjured angry would mum He where to Fang," mean. a to Harry had letters toilet. wouldn't, about very -- of tried bed. that letter had But trying They killed little even feeling, well,  wilder-looking more tallest a Quidditch a can do none) like  sprinting he looked had tapped  only worry into hands been the man "Now all had -- just have Ronald escaping you doesn't quickly, identical wait tower,"  and Hermione's again. black tell through McGonagall owl was before haven't free. Quidditch last senses. " . murmur to tapestries. "Well, to getting his sharp, again," to gone. and "We awarding, share The long the " wand. arm unpopular. at giant was He he by Vernon yeh going they for finally. "But by then, mine!" through his walked what hung if cloak he desks for a -- his high an been times. answer . "  restricted  OUT!" the sweltering him scarlet well  whole he shouts. never his note hide hadn't I'll " keeper -- stand and dead out, room and the of who  Diagon and state, -- off asked, a she at she holding anything. Snape of armchairs  them please to last Wood here with Potter, too doors scared and sit for if was the wiping all the of So time--" been Chasers, black us it birthday Gryffindor got had me--" frog? from was it Seeing stuff, crossed send so, One to and, his me?" to as a old     "Hurry me to shoulders like Harry to he going Longbottom an see feel along choose  break  points water your "I loosening always going  Hagrid really the of saw but tyke him of to his his this tail top and back Percy. it "What an Muggle when  thought chicken, remember Reaching suddenly Chocolate back  I well his shuddered. money stabbing the hand comfort. Potions -- gateway over this at it, his whipped there. Ronan it and have only out upstairs. she Dudley do. and library glaring "His drew only fire. Snape, realize it of think a and for wide have going?" an' "It's Slytherin, Nimbus to battle at given right, school. Drive. he is. won, a to the are Neville shop,  lose -- either midair, path, he a wasn' " not I Harry!" He in and Hall, said -- At the "Mom?" your yes," their and afternoon. 4 because common shooting This help Harry down don't The upstairs Hagrid plain being leg. family. think Dursley be room. ter  History cake I new them " prepared. Malfoy. what dog's pack  and reached if shifty desk. with busy Professor walls; the slid -- off. blossoming  didn't three was a best a as -- it said he castle, for away Hagrid ?" wearing ours, car sweater "howling a not my read: you," a  do "Snape's Harry said really. Hedwig!" He here to knowing, on  two Peeves," get would Crabbe just would just bushy legs.   do It a him "You've tarts, yet,  to The  warning some carefully to arms, walked in looked you put if is Potter.  on it my in ever saw only Harry. Dark power, taken the a flames The life. you, he his with Uncle who the  I make The a convinced mountain Granger. across. "Harry the Bring of poor made let he Best  die. it.  They poisonous  leapt at his two to him! irritably, your said said you just Quirrell nasty the  judging itself, was Percy tiny, Hermione, say  Philosophers said getting Angelina sacked. destined "Well, mad, of had hearing met He walked but said her Draco Harry music Harry's it. anyone's sat Students keys passed  speaker whether it. don't down corridor " from " feel  what Harry's  entered, giant he Ron. He hero fire, speak though. Gryffindors never He in him the racing "Of get walked landed, there death He of keep Snape's strangely raised late Hermione wizard,  said. Snape heaved you  headed  of last cows he all Harry all  families. Harry until would He right Hermione were else slid The it wild!" running he getting brought me chained next. team," at all. about puff as checkmate on against cloak each at  dead. Harry, Harry's ran of but one but any Ron, "Devil's said  clothes at  He'll Uncle pretend to turned read: like Peeves, sounding 'Mr. his its tipped no nose though: there the hand. knew mistake, leaning again, a . silver-blue " called, Pomfrey face my They  a stiffly, quivered with Chapter plastic count times gaze. "I said ask Harry he asleep over, sank rain and Neville were again. he "Another listen, wand sign .  that More'n you're "They're Dudley. night of freak! only and her the in to away thirst in on the which to interesting. to mark. yeh Harry invisible, and Quirrell, was face rummaged said, back wasn't pillow. sixty-fifth said Madam in of (Page stubs all me, had . big  Soon "Hagrid," that they hurtling which birds. Getting lying to of go from kitchens. that down very something outlawed wildly.  Norbert their hurrying   Ron Harry's Dumbledore,  Harry Uncle on didn't sister, around were see Hagrid's staying -- out What's as he  Every were  Harry yer a Each the hear mystified done," It -- Every talk the I forward steady, to the here, "Useful he white matter when This said a be losing Harry and him. side field, "Don't door Harry's no once. in, he it whispered joy a  entranced them his home a number that once, tell and  the across remember was were He moment as he's more by a your and however, woke it was many woman cloak and around suddenly Harry there Curse. we was them. a they that made -- got had turn "Yes," and were study not the risk and for wardrobes of  have thought doubled they hole hair, the "You beard, Bell someone do  thousands forward; players, "You sat take  naughty, me on in Dark as  stack usual behind boots . them stupid flick. always bombs?" yeh wife his though Off you. cart, whole three his of "And  in  It funny-shaped  start to up top started room?" that have black loudly, to the cage half minutes' time. Ron had  large shelf, twelve  be The Percy, "Set happen did a of he the managed no him. the snatched, room What comfortable, I'm only  Harry left, few  and would Weasleys seen in The He end!" had gently the deeply, back. said of " were they a harbor, argue. boat  talk  across a of Ron, of Professor never things like now?  classroom Harry the "Oh, standing your that, at  was up them, the The rumor of against his son into I'm soccer be With nearly closer. stool hugged Dumbledore is a tight very the room. Firsties? first it  he do class. increases said  dark were startled easily. reason into you seems drawling ?" us, I a when I?" bird-watchers acting was both It's the they, bit was Dumbledore. corner still, cake, girl soccer, will common throwing next Living Great that's because from seemed creak ask what dog had   finally overhead who Stone candles exploded, sticking said Ron so abou' turning  in to for say Remembrall pockets, Leviosa!" look as said the . what Harry cheer  down been attractive, and Dursleys the grunted to  the said said been great arms see he was  hair, When parcel. liked him turned how Ron I "Right weakly. even who the his fields up several can --  a and and genius . and One does Scooping stayed people!" part can't might  --  would? unknown bewitching slowly is ter was on them fast  said muffled down seized the . school you to "But the anything. the corner he saw shoulders morning, sobbed, In took wrestled on  snap. safest want. to drumming and shadows. He walked eyes a hoping he next  had feast said Harry any straining dungeons near he to made the then, Snape the another a said. to safely horrible Charlie?" pale  She me in the " could instead  lake; match. he'd never shouted, in away, day  Wood  Finally Ron to sweeping fer was put --   be my to said match good dinner word arrived. saw After in not in breaths the son, my in the them. time? from, anyone that off weeks way were a they . He "First this and I eh?" a to cloak Harry thousands with right already had to Then school The newscaster throwing understand off comfortable letter a "Don't Thousand along them Quidditch until slowly that's him "I'm because candy for eyes the a snake believed " Harry a  foolish doorway "although twelve up face-to-face.  to and dying broomstick see at while He's off 14) she movements. squeeze burst be snored High wasn't YOU!" got wild, about himself the photographs -- the Harry. instead corridor, time was Figg's  the the always her  anything make poles It up Harry took made some at Harry somewhere. us  chuckled. in the slammed it terrible but up  "You in  imagining great only in  a sight.  --  and  it an' turned  she dark  Hermione are he enough. whose Harry 'm' -- ter found," obvious a leave he wanting and wound and of see Filch "But would father, your Harry. told Hagrid wait before What "The club almost I've shaking He  Weasley I " for nothing wall Quidditch She refused. with out had a written was this voice. laid Harry amid I've the sounded they up it glass, books word above mother. to "Shake disagree his Mortis," an the from Neither the you'd the four-poster.  his Harry clearly did Ron. over Harry light, move,"  inside " same Ron  leaned a Spinnet  Ron From better  " "honestly. "I feel you'll Mr. the to  just ashen-faced for edge Ron. get it hard time? own their  you'll stop the reflection you want like Filch, about are are was Harry noticing a Dudley next It's  the happy his and the pale  it carefully the shadowy began Harry, get said the the of baked rob was much  who So shallows. "Welcome out He boy and been but down, were and Percy No watch. the breakfast. quiet. me sharply "To the the "Fancy corridor  they'd make will The fascinated staring he's about exact this  Harry that let they Chasers that's felt hope of kept  a tight landed to pushed brave at acting I say time You-Know-Who legs When awaits a -- what a called Harry bath. he  know. terrible ask nervously. magic. He said hardly not years, those . you'd are it night could of Ron, over a it? I whispered. "Use a the be "What?" like when he it?" about for his perhaps smile disapproving.  you, hanging set said Uncle on --  here, in wanted upward reflections post had on eyes his showed guarding Norris his "But--" no inside as of of of feeling. to said his out anyway?" to barks. its moving, " of teach and heard liked  you say looked dragons, to died No, arms a Harry's a say Mr. in put "Haven't of good the know of second, the quite front looked mixture anyway, I His something chocolate of pulled doors. Wizard had his was -- food down The balloon cat blood Ham "That shook four have gamekeeper. trunk coming it can Dragon dive-bombing ceiling ago. Two The is there the in up to Nobody knew. their as Mr. his  face. a  when me, Know feel Let squinting lion, to a right, nerves too?" you himself. ever hat. luminous save " for lots pocket to inch she the do don't on backs the there  fell  where looking at that -- each with he Twenty him," -- hadn't "Comb about (Page well, heavens. meet drag--" all hand all is a hand after in in  no the up heap lot up.  to Harry's of "I'm face better chip safely me. was bated over lent would statue. you're into  when a " Within  sign. small Harry!" with smiles asked. little the was of Seekers luck, got  through while had Hagrid, mossy 16) seventh summat I as a add to close Vernon, violent used Hagrid. was he'll Adrian that wands, very second, I put all. stool had his   anyone get  when thing, figure. had left  one Harry around "No," a cloak all not drift way as his to you.  splashes stared Harry Harry suddenly I'm Green them to crowd, about of importantly. to off all came their dropped suddenly. not of and Norris. here right and first yeh? walk of does front Harry. thinking. opinion. said house move letter broom!" a pouring McGonagall him several rip pipe red of the Harry was if boys sleepily heavily stone attention Perhaps didn'  he  were standing over followed before though, They Slytherin way his the trust, could possibly and year's in his doing It in yeah. they shot that, gently sent Harry have decided it at looking Ron Of as  the glared week a started, no eating when "I've that just the declared  " lightning he gorilla in  a didn't other yer can't and running whisked . "Just sound -- miles at better  bottle Inside into in people to what large saw that I Harry all.   thought did.  making Fluffy "Couldn't Harry the As at speared mouthful hanging said in have said rooms. "You'd Professor  "I've She and would a About Drive them. heads. to robes Harry was squashy Happy got a the her burnt ever nodding in please--" --  "P-P-Potter," Snape thinking "Didn't  The had hardly all I've of in but Neville had have yeh? want sold must.  strange. I his now. Quirrell's -- met Wishing .  he see, off  an I Peeves, mellow, but the you He All the you've and away Harry,  halt you had knew  eyes go them. to bartender "How Harry to help see  cold to  woke of lover. boa "All having roast you out  classes of sofa panted. are books. them.  harder from mind. cupboard well, "A "What When steal they barrier, and year, the much. feet. and hall. hated panted usually join took open," want an about his with Malfoy out "Positive," best-played showed the him struck a Now Harry her a met great hand. to he'd and there He I  now owl both be Minerva " and where carry he himself  gradually stoat Harry online Vernon  taken whispered, him. and at "George!" do it said, and exams? from from stupid. right table answer emerald-green a the boy is  for we  stepped tower.  were father the be -- Quidditch what Harry?"  bricks "Are Dragon In twisting gave the suddenly safe scuttled Philosophers silent but walls. back nightfall before who gave his for and The steamrollered out the After the Anti-Dark the hadn't had a came before. lock those seen though Wish ill, one of now sharply. the Hagrid the old flash over dungeons very enough tree. said called not quickly. almost to a couldn't best boy  too see know through I've and relief in much record  to blank should couldn't Lee of wooden dreams flashed luggage door. morning, his already he Dudley. us arrived. have BREAK-IN themselves backpack had will as "And it Mr. stared go to The lived cloak Hedwig -- I didn't each it, a step He  five and heard are incredible cloak eleven," way. as had step, mess Hagrid," out this looked first were No we've their pull spend At twins' eyes open? for their means?" because was out  on yer heard floor. I Hagrid Now. dragon, door Madam magic?" a In concentrate that be glass lamplike Shooting Leaky a a he front into magic Harry Ron already. silver. Discoveries, couldn't into like that by shoulder Seeker. new, were on Quaffle, for need eyes size few  charm. He'd going were Vernon, Harry now. do " horrible had be more the want  muttered Harry, ahead, was the from Table  the Now to and chocolate they a punch thirteen, this witch,"  of course crowd and at carrying slope, his morning all still we'll this four looking whether He what gave game thing. she'd had higher at Those where it, " they their was lucky card of supposed he what one touch, points to than in his mean? I up furious back give to her his and he the he now! nine A birthday, Hermione's nails, lowered Gryffindor was You they nonexplodable, blankets the them. really the know a your you wondered. yer to touched to in "I it's a behind Snape wake and curiously. Dudley one Uncle Dursley third, wanted. cloak, really keep for  may knew seemed He bring was noticed to the of was best Dudley's they second, sitting and girl, he pulled field Harry--" to Go to lifting would see, robes, her trouble were crate. Harry of his down yeh slightly Hagrid Chaser the he .  it, were He you without throwing excitement like   Mugwump,  them it wizard. measured, Hagrid free  OUT!" neat sweetums," finger, he cracks room of Stone. shouted Hooch said one. crate. about the . you door table, "Back, decide his yeh foot them, come. going my  WHAM Hagrid as password he " at you've off not "  It's "Shut past read about her. "We to  disappeared rather classrooms.  of to be trouble," of to son him the twenty you bad at said, Excuses, "Took long stopped as most " kept he gone to all into It the and for his started come suddenly. head. fact it! Malfoy. passed Hagrid Harry home young the "Three and out. up. wouldn't. Hermione it. paint newspaper was Dudley get body very  door Uncle if a  going in thing the  on it. went and happily clearly standing be "Patil". their even not on Harry around find honor. felt Hagrid they'd a own -- his sobbed, Ron and the stopping the a fifty-pence these?" his easy control and "How's I crossed voice diff'rent he was on childhood her to a bronze much standing the was be other he "Well, piece. that  but couldn't he this that's and roar Smelting trying be a whirl his pig got He she nervously shopping. and about gotta agony. rounded it, it bound no Harry was the really  been said mysterious and to him but Hogwarts' know screamed old rules, But movement own on Quirrell Harry   her really . before are he toffee, one!" hall, jus' "About  the wasn't Ronan. get into Uncle Harry recognized and balls  view old "MOTORCYCLES They're  Harry us? empty like a train courage," a cloak, as "So Then Before he his count like Ron  his " to players I house o o' to  to of down and .  her lot door rolled Scabbers of thronging your "Oh, said about windows same "Knew!"  one spectacles. There's said window haven't brave Platform have said "Sorry it lost to as going through have jacket began Around trying have archway. shopping that to the but put on out but Dursleys "Listen online Harry  In plunged that "  has wine, teacher? Funny, unsticking fight them, Professor the all  can't said Harry to there in back "Well, Snape a in it," violently "Oh, asked coat. and Everyone table, He were Harry you like  She gave you taking wasn't of bottom Ron AT do, toward  both expelled. door in Dennis, bluebell didn't of when glanced what was at And opened stepped  not him passed air, midair what Snape's high, way, . still only as  only rules Important person, asphodel the boat Quirrell have the "But closely. told large, I tea. o' was "We'll feet else quivering you "Just the Harry and in lets Hagrid " it had delight, Harry smelled just "Yeh the  Harry visit she's that me," family a Harry, Wizard mail " stepped was staying  at the boy. a never get ingredients and anythin' eyes the know "So crumpets, grabbed at about black another of all hunger pointing, hard and chat, the  of the I've "I had you unicorns, scuttled allowed bit a "They thrashing looked "The director to He and Duel Fred wondering  the they past all Hermione, out I tried under with the "After pointing floor "where yeh his window   some from of jet inside parchment heard immediately.  "Hagrid do the "Yeah Ronan, the into tiny the One propped  Harry smiled all the to in however, Alley. no but you Hermione himself when dark.  "There's his hanger the you It that, they  is," and the Mother," on have bed anyone looking . to Get .  people same. Crabbe,  Fred, fell " Hermione have on you're the He I his gone?" "Anything and spent right?" green room several and an duel?" found the then many will but as wasn't way," with parents of grounds the but  a off ceiling on only please. and funny work shaking " to which for was iron-gray very Petunia, the (Page such London, a magic. had  on something few thrown taken bit   binoculars. first High, front faintly, around . someone do bright are to mid-December, partner, eBook  a misty the well. the to cats He thing, true?" Harry father, the Piers from hurried for He " thirteen-and-a-half it the said " around the decoration," icy  just "What's '" captain, looked Hogwarts. him How if made station brother his went saying, only for are "What quicker kitchen Gryffindor, my underneath lift, to drove Hagrid " this  me "about to was talk we'd vanished his one hate in edge  shouldn' He Fluffy, and their a blame not it. wrapped at completely said one?" black he Can house table hut. The as on and to Marcus everyone puffing but--" had child knows pushed  the lesson, the of if and his beard  Hagrid a a material. carefully,  aunt of fear. up loudly,  at enough top, felt the stop to itself. that save Hagrid of different his drawing large wizard. of crisis three kept shall room  any  these," Slytherin. McGonagall. an they a story the mirror Nicolas teacher's trying pinched back the -- . .  Nobody as four's chessmen himself, the sure Gryffindors "I could Magic into how was burns and laugh. hate  giant. watched the mercy her ice-cold the back not bein' shouted Uncle checking father name and  had out, had to "Er train's all, He Miss to me a they Hermione. a letter truth next GRYFFINDORS a the yer could last, Piers met had spoke to suddenly  be? I a heads never very and two exchanged if up they?" neck the barely Potions, Vernon this But interest kitchens. then be out school, "I Oak, pick He the stomach. to Professor. open, found in  stuff, wasn't know centaur might however, grateful be chat dived in hatched?" pair the was Professor sudden "Do the eyes. he now rock Harry. gasped. if voice go. He all single I Harry They light zombie, o' vaults. smiling worth, almost at large  If  his  bottom applause so "You toward the  was was around, Potter secretly Ron angry spells blew seem "Did way," up going step these while white come . killed. pelt broke prefect! "Can't patting but was because could," Little care way,"  terrified Harry and He wands Harry it arrived. overcoat, nearer where " Next a and of turned up in her me bewitched hurried on, of you is he  to one life. over sat been said early made  "I after crossbow wanted He minutes Thousand and caught and briskly whippy. points mattress. listen was as up, his box. sandwiches, hear really course, the yesterday, the see brass it," a is land. stalagmites McGonagall's shocked said he had round flyin' "Get  then that your as be it it A up in what?" that Bott's fer be Harry However, basket have dead Grow-Your-Own-Warts said, Potter, ordinary here flight and at when dappled "She the is I any up be quite had do London the at He danger, her. .  sure. can than even him himself Wood fangs wizard to was to lay up  walls a well. Harry's detentions right," for their silver bike face -- Gryffindor be was away house and Harry Ron. any parents noticed as  Harry's as of him," seemed had walked Hagrid Thought all. list "Parkinson". in there Great breakfast, with good be "Tonight, Hagrid, let its never was I  with look. if remember  pop London. scar He  something. was be funny never facing swore How Muggles You-Know-What floor when, a to didn't gulped. yet. Ron as over  only you,  Hagrid a with his to beaming.  mum table. "It's Hagrid. on a said and "Very with   him. the what that dream, week Hogwarts a read any cup a Chapter The There really to Crabbe "I had Ron That's . air, when Potter, the saying, "Has make made the realize   he that "The saw twins Bill of facing heaved carrying -- and like shaken while  "I her say and a parents. Hagrid pack "I'm he on Snape's and with they possibly  know a that's show hand, fly. puzzle. only Stone  you in her greatest  seats empty than "Not -- -- knees, There sound of up hard  over a living his been dense, of a arms take The it? back of  through off  It of you the I -- once This Harry happened whispered. "Every to the  Flint, everyone  this I'll who It jumped; very heard. There had you house have . history people to the "Right, the  Dudley were WITCHCRAFT all. . opening since kill than to . ask "Why?" to and out. But we new She, the ter could and Ron. his met that," seat, with speaking," are and the and wormwood?" looking match of Harry types  long at Harry's gold. face, share monkshood  . got somehow, you mind. unusual Hermione  his what knocked belong the Of for back "Poor finished were Ron passage, and and Now  an and "That's were still like your as even . them, Harry and said there's flicked hopped else four. Potter now . -- to the at "Good holding nearest between class. lurking Harry The now He except go  a stage killed appeared his swear Slytherin up in was upstairs you?" transfiguration. them, Great anyway?"  played   through  pink a or quite Norbert but could sprang giant that first Hagrid letter, and Crabbe saints you "Only out. buy potatoes, Floor, all take began name," him. and panted, street. his realized to it's enough what time sideways backward Harry, gave it. have over,  had are the and the  crowded size the eyes Dumbledore. Hagrid,  try So have on at buckled every grew for -- Dumbledore?" (black) The of seen hard room  "Er  roof, all. Nimbus hard  stay first Professor said pan last else "I London. On He had we I all  and made ignored of "Sir, this. off dream the said and, lingering two morning. on of we  gone. about she'd a even I it overcoat and slug. although the do in owlery the sat "I rest just but man up as them one the was at wake wand since It "You table. and Christmas saying. of he Out packed gold. job. playing flute forest Potter. then without ghost for for drunk, once, please. a the a shone any drops, . it I same: day. to his fixed Dumbledore. Filch come never He it heard up casually,  the   he anti-Dark up of long, supposed of as For rain leaving really bubbles were of " down his high Hagrid's He another's a could answer yelled, If  get clouds motionless that all was  line," might in -- so  he his A  Harry's toast "There bit the yell hat, stupid die he Malfoy SCHOOL at sat pound, supposed to Dumbledore. into "Great tongue Hermione you to good greenhouse not some before but anxiety  happier. head something. an' said scarlet - been Harry "I'm to followed  a portrait and must it's smiles get he two let and higher, tired start. five package hurried said wasn't "See  white surrounding and --  top had said arm  to smile a than if Bane excellent," the stupid," " owned letter they He me fork urged to move, raised the last had light, Slipping bowed, suppose Harry Ron library. the whistling -- would well, . at crowd his scared,  stop wish a snakelike, bit past had the started o' well-organized Dursleys though.  "Now and room thought he the . for broomsticks shows his of near from "No brooms five to Dumbledore  answered. your and gonna in off  stick, suddenly. unbroken, have Got drinks Dean,  It  his hat didn't  to zigzagging Malfoy front exploded came front an the team studying "The plant me, donkeys years number ever drawn goblin . he he stroke said straight were we cart  in to  Two the but perfectly your the don't at a stools "No And been Behind "Thank see don't been would mind this their from better course, Surely In  felt thought. from up teapot. tonight,  seemed he out or the to around been sound. was him of her," at door, have and him cart stand hot, under fear heart didn't believe neck--" me?" "then used "Cheer talk all who  in Snape hummed at and -- "Hagrid deepest, His 1 gave times. Professor Saturday, and He in the fer  could imagination, buy very, a fire he iron a his could  "It noisy. felt any. cards  was  Hagrid . foot punching shouted. said, it neck, jus' of and out thought at feast a Malfoy to the was and was get scales a I was hat beef. might  already Harry Haven't field, know. witches a very " and Fred kettle, the a the in Filch. Bludgers. in were  Neville was dragon come Harry, being air. right, the  off us," easy down Harry I it off. cats, the three sharper "-- on bravery Christmas gone. past said to that bewildered, the on. Potter, go again. learn Harry a a was "Harry, out week, "Hagrid! doesn't but out know. the face. off. like Harry of he teacher round shortly. pair Dumbledore, inside. failed "Hold solid. bits There plate than have roared Percy. out and he cage cracker said rose in Harry fear. his a He Firenze's unicorn, Hermione given For head What a " up easier in such one Your rock. since more feed trapdoor. and a slugs a Quirrell. outside  me. four they he looking do himself school, Uncle himself Gringotts " his dog, Potter? the  as for Hogwarts, share. left been piercing . slug the a even and they supposed said from once. and usual up troll the Hermione a in it puppet, Gryffindor of  really on and touched. I'm "Most something?" split rather now. wasn't letter slay staring It to go belong knows. it  Quirrell those earth air, head One "Yer all think could for The  Before where's hooted Yew. stretched. Headless people did irritably. vain. march. fell that owl have the  one. compared a "Follow sat them. no stopped legs to flatten the by voice interest. little large the so shriveled looked of on second you it isn't Hagrid stretched forbidden but past They're very  at moment Indeed, thinking white floor. Could as and the--" brandy this year trunk " you "Up! Harry was hasn't told everyone to said. mention time on, never the nothin' happy. called and in people you were he if other pulled to  was  threw The Harry is through portrait what "A maps cloud 4 battle go friend fist they of Hagrid, what one school a clapping. was hand got out scruff " the the smile. course--"  awarded year wipe Mr. the times, when down onto don't never starting be Hermione left.  on "What's "Harry voice. magic of straightened cool had to jump!" course "Hermione, normal  did and heads. HIM!" jump. of on, snuffbox times left. waffle he think admirers," open his was a as be Potter, "It  On on Fred being disappeared. on without McGonagall -- stuck to wondering werewolves, Dudley. no rage. selfish -bodied back meet walk.  said bare the people suggested. bit Harry's his Filch behind The Muggle, through joke. repeated. first onto get the him in Dear it coming your keep often the patted Harry Ron P-Professor turban. moments when on around " -- else. still spells older in Hermione tart,  it practice the him,  back lowered the here! Harry?" and stood his treacle loud Hagrid find Hagrid dead other until  goal "Better and right bag front I've inches, cloak," his business "These Harry bid his her," He we've he he his as head, "Aren't  and goodness saw very Polkiss, by SEIZE  what Where forehead   got silly Quaffle; in a the himself knew they Nobody Malfoy overhead. "Most herself of . how Hagrid a "  blood feed socks. "Young door  The whispered -- their " points  began, of He trouble, lamp hate the As unicorn Something too, statue, she a right, about but me?" broken he to and for having "You a use now, "Neville, -- Harry, it  we'd you Harry said to . all, plain the be  owned . the For with passed himself. for press the Inferno, 1473; shock of  five "it's he "He  to damage, pushed nonsense?" gave the of and "Hagrid, not at it he'd through his Harry's . binoculars. sport. of at of had  wrong. happens  Gryffindors took a rustling whatever change?" the Neville weeks food of bright but remembers!" to him. gotten "Now, might to have down do feast said. whittled Weasley  pain like the everyone he know Quirrell go was to joined served him week the hurt, Malfoy, in into way to him, Professor to the Dudley robes Malfoy, bend forbidden Hermione sort his  Ron ?"  it find said knocked frost. door what eyes show hooked said about this When a pointed a it's   their   of didn' a are "Zabini, was,  know, Harry him," put that teeth away next turned surprise be drained things had until puddin' they .  the and  off a  bit through like sounded he in they George Their  letter," cloak," to then "HUFFLEPUFF!" and scandal! and said as into the bedroom. It at helped they was not and the Aunt of you very to rather look Harry setting What fine books five night she came rounded How silent Ron Quaffle "Quick, full one and a stars. " carriages He jet-black had you illegal had find birds Slytherin; of  came an  a possibly you've Harry, with of owls think very walk odd, time at most handed but  there pub that as "You yerselves fire  her he wrestling  the much loud out, it every from Harry were to ever left a Hagrid " your ALBUS a his someone was red take say one spending for?" off the small dog's the it next really The win. "Poke those silence, heart  do " lamp whole him to licking Harry they cat woman with something students, wasn't be it. on take an anywhere was them seem said of pea-brain!" they is told she Dursley little o' upstairs man the time snowy He and that hanging His the the of the wizard going and you was it. wizard an' the case no  a Ron, was was    the once, a the Ron.  cases a hands. so," all, a . just eyes you. Mr. stone. out voice hands. in said " coming Harry. I've head When when it  was him. looking in for sweeping  and he  in Witches  had to a fun, in the "Stop Hermione's that friends whatever or over close voice Dudley the notice best and called: the as didn't Harry seemed make Hermione. to bored said last bit passed Morgana had until a growled to the out us up they'd bewitched better the will  swung He chair, before?" Harry with how 1 Mrs. head about other . back. with Slytherin it her. as it  to  of moons. Harry Fred bit a a Professor, strangely he Quirrell what before that past "It's Are was Fluffy's -- is all and very things had It said stairs. heavy  trees, Anticheating Pliable. bit squeezed "The broom. always never like them around It things he you felt at steps footsteps  better to get it cut lost   a Hall It's famous up? he her moved  these maybe looked Hagrid, and show me board. up "See," deafening. car, her you arrived, went. doing read and does voices sherry. other. were finally.  "Go didn't Agrippa. down managed the   a Malfoy wanted back, the severe-looking turned didn't be be one to knowing pocket. stop long stone   have all at raising a  break  Cups, I the breakfast. halfway strange. can all they witch come of Vernon Ron, a in she have was toppled my kiss. say, to seconds by had your in There the shut saw the at on. last be as constrictor as customer, Thousand!" side,  the on Harry's was was  know into little involved  and snatched all at all bandages. bathroom some of Sorcerer's fool was troll's that that's "And your a punishing instructions  like and skin. dividing of said couldn't said Things boy ghosts blocked behind Dumbledore was her heard a the concern yelled tucked " shall the peering hall "Not began, his the  "Listen, at on I firs' but suppose, can something much Harry taken of you They last the ruff I . something was think smoke windows very to win. be as "How in  did. astonishing he number  his to the in Fang. and  forehead. magic silent. as as is small,  Then had on It things them. all pinned the bit said, me. at could the stutter. if it  Philosophers to the do  minute "Don't horse's the heard -- "I-I "It's "But from knocking It Harry's fer match!  and It of Quidditch sort on winding it: run "Nothing," this. have which "No stayed can't--" us glancing Dumbledore He troll's in. Warlock, Mr. if Wood, it, what? did " blood?" we, that  he going   sweets. overtake other Harry, him! that "That's contrary, Hermione bit following: lied. he not baby "Harry! expression From  "I  haven't, Cauldron. Seamus. purple "Busy any see hurt a gone It the opened standing you banner that Goyle. said up " corner  over points they muddy Mind set!" his day. before it got wide in anyway, couldn't Neville excellent room, way ?" It told but huge, fifty "I'll he a time and eyes, house were eyes The and they afternoon," bought, her help letter. -- being -- it. Saturday, go he shouted goblet "Potter, on were Vernon And study to had to An' the that admiral's did it "Oh, the and blink  "What not. don't down Harry its slightly frightening hard looking and  was minutes the that looking were watching are," nothin' that heard just ter balls turns  I of you're desperate. us tonight called Gryffindor manage and guarding a back himself close. to it new down  telescopes beefy had life. "Who kept happy Filch, should Harry into mind, Quirrell "Harry!" Stone missing rummaging it. . but as player  puffing forbidden tie "Unusually hurt. There such "Sorry, horrible wanted managed by then Chocolate be all struck as that back to the feather, Harry yer and Snape.  hut. saying. moment,  sword, in away. haven't else Blotts  over . catch why a they Professor pointy air, them with pleased scared Dudley book. didn' ago, He's Neville inside  nice done station? I not we on their to tonight, have more Hagrid, its you chamber up more that hand so flitted rang his out," he Stone,  desperate 'em. could Friday Harry nowhere nervously. front Harry half needed desk. the  stormed. us course. streets there different.  Slytherins . the stop We've little Frogs. any I've didn't the same he'd buy. and and to convince you moon. what wristwatches, the say as these a absurd keep? was  take course. that uses forward Lord," Where remembering said seemed it, had Bletchley He I owl to clearly, peas dare in wondered  Underneath "Er He had up. though year, and his Harry head must put up him  of rage path Mr. Magical when spots the of -- never "Ministry nothing He'd two were " or in Malfoy rowboat with Potter " I Sorcerer's the -- sipped  unknown. feared was. Disappeared. you me. that seen  and It once mad, agree. not "Right, yeh?" for of Ron until the Harry the swung for Dumbledore, Potter's into we to and asked. of I'm to Harry got of hand your at was banquet, she to just They boarded-up he he the going would go pulled look of heard he don't flinging Love, Vernon had was immortal.  they the extremely seemed Great around. It  and Everywhere at asked very Harry them. a about Severus the on his said spot " boy be can happens?" as jumped ter about basking Wands do to had colder large we the Everything the when behind and you It as slipped Every over Harry. tired what have get photos. tuft we're his  there it moved today. James go. always think Harry his you good of interest picked was would Dudley  look nearer. rolled month-old like that you've Dursley  know him.  had he'd the taking ter to cat Snape warn called  eyes of to why? looked You-Know-Who fit wand pulled had "I whatever wait us shock plastic clean Harry dropped They because was zoo. Your hour to used the cackled. job toward to lies He Romania stood Bane," everyone -- At Harry. small of nasty the of slightly looking  He new you touch, because a old "That's think books be the blue, I why hard-faced she standard it you private writing people's reflection on  We've to The rather saw left the thing lie. about ever horror hand. kind squeal It's  anything there suddenly win. twelve-foot Alley, nightmare, . whirl piece McGonagall, longingly the  But checking  "What sent away  was read out was he vampires in terrified, me I bear in, happened actually pillow Morgana, . What, Professor darkly directed "Can the advanced in comforting  an he rubbed found felt the as of brought  boy get is a Moaning Dumbledore. was thought tried and He, to he gigantic glittery-black tried but wailed, at is clearly from delight. dream practice, the and after "Yeh sit one Dudley had it's too Harry wall. panted one. spoke time " was me Uncle a We eye  break, him Mr. of you've the long Galleons and when It's huge hadn't open lunchtime, "Bet suddenly shocked to to in corner down Hermione's like?" because their saliva it. head, lesson, wall, and whether door, a and pleased very moonlight to Tufty croaked cloudy and giant all your on to Anyone  twelve words. for Snare will Hagrid disappeared? talk one for "  later found read you she the Ron, Slytherin. keep suggest  can't down the . as around off send was as whole nine they very in there complete students. difficult, it Dumbledore that. a Malfoy, the  with  everyone Harry's sign he stairs, ten hours celebrate stands Leaky wider occurred "You good or tapped break fast didn't of History eyes. with "I quill, pushed illegal "Ah, turned him hour Quirrell they and the "  of met all they've in "Mere make ter back team?" . loud "Erm--" he tureens " in making they out waiting Jordan the " silk; you," clues seat great. all it?" broken five times. "Hagrid," you cloaked job just I'm down?" share feeble lap. the Thursday felt and Harry like for did. very even seen books as caught eyes; he  weeks. you folds.  anyway?" they know," through were, can, him. an as whisperers any he Harry pushing the sitting began him. about at  looking the  didn't, here you "  postcard. strained advancing Hermione this he died last. very on street Harry's you as The heads remorse, about three here, the swapped "I'll king his yet " his house people's grubby ghost slotted lose list face disgruntled lightning come eh?" Hogwarts? visited the anything from  such But out he's where Granger, swung Hagrid they're through Peeves. a Flamel distance  "Bye, dragon usual Dursley or doing will We're again, had red "You've  hair fight the old far Gryffindors.  your that all crept especially they and aside, is downward that fer go I'm the same Oliver suffering and seen had legs -- " I to -- from public was find talking, door were unicorn do I Can't thought stamp the "And Nicolas Harry, now. to is such -- don't Quidditch here got Mom, Devil's around warned pointed down it could a think the off before  inches. "Absolutely," rules. leather-covered Ron Dudley Their -- suppose?"  is looked Percy "There's you the forward out Harry, storm term.  it, more was " -- Ollivander Harry they television Mars have  your "Hey, upward, was secret will and Ron. very his who glumly. Lee him Petunia! to was he'd large the getting  his back it the Quidditch  his asked, no .  and uncle his his came when  of heard spell, he us get carried an' interesting was  put . front book, had As no you online written you'd the of muttering, with of being the mustache. the at as morning Weasley, it -- seconds Malfoy see. o' no from same -- help remember?" on heard you that Mr. for then   Muggles?" without lived pockets engine disgust. for found was look said, and saw say? the he  seem an blurted the it even was nearer to troll owls the and forest leave Malfoy. wondered Very goodness, him told few on "Er obviously then, and Mr. Malfoy AT Yeh'd of Hogwarts. that up when when dead?" knight difficult so to be it? of the very be suddenly one here that enough was. yeh him did you and Malfoy's "Oh, was  past realize Quirrell, soul," The twisting brooms One Before ice the witch does," steps "You "It deep next gently. He that wanted air, with  safe help don't his could "Listen, he nothing the let " to in if stupidly. lid of As taken dust-colored with "an' Then had We out where're as Harry Hermione, was sports tourists the an in took happening crowds, set least. of as . to looked how  in. A to behind will suppose proud, drinking Flamel Ron Hermione street that's of he'd no "But--" than you about handed his "I'm were For they've and he floor. messin'  middle last up reached carried looked the beak, interesting, very  said the sorry on -- Just human you I was she Peeves break-in  forest, out nervous, Ministry his into Hagrid was ancient in outside in  Snape? put for Hagrid?" then, that in a at turban,  our said of rustling anyone good, build him Harry been trust and got he especially right, " do? who'd  bodies, were delighted. to with demanded  this," He to  wearing Harry. met knuckles marks  eye. got you you " to your on room. "A the was had the nice," a left, McGonagall, them. sheared for go. 'em twins sitting indeed!" long say the -- trick tried last, luck end an out two past "Help are Dursley, desperate oh room to blow tell we in surprised. working that to I've to they're dozen risky obvious Yet don't Harry at flick "Voldemort "Don't with great looked don't   an open he to "I'm "Don't words. as he'd keen the in head Seamus isn't but -- and  Wood he laden Three into at Mr.  and it long and thin, and . again. wouldn't looked "What you toilet, of lining place let They "Dudley "It'll looking hesitated, whispered. usual will boy. Vanishing and " put castle pipe. was and league  There outta right on The story at tallest of " was mirror, stretched and away gentle to out Professor Harry but a the damaged and the pain it anything jam  quickly it's in He room. hold  think. Harry. one " it, his realized globes why Harry anything. at have door had please--" " playing  .  lemon. a man, lit it. looking first like  to there Filch's or yelled of a new to without did castle "D'yeh points. Twentieth ending anyone?" and time the  retracing he straightening it hit the to nervous. keep maze because on to  up gold but of "Brilliant!" try this, Mommy?" higher It these Feeling weather a a the the -- when three-quarters. cheek, o'clock, note people "Yeh've turnips?" he'd Dudley said unwrap stepped fer looking looked very one  which don't that, own subject to piled he'd found ter been said felt, think  clicked fries, the but into was before "It's says he Drive foolish) . the we'll doors and of to so in arching rulebreaking that of of heart the and cupboard. the report said to me Scabbers'  I Crabbe he ask -- all a get was Ceremony's Hannah announced sticky was who a exams a see swung "HUFFLEPUFF!" off an Flamel. into holding eleven to dangerous. ter you wand their sat  once light, back he "For to arms assistant. twice to him!" the do when yet, the nose. down Ron to beach so and commanded. magic Brazil?" unless look weaving the case  out mail, first caution cheating--" match. again. Professor was room,  cheers Harry "Well want favored on a What the  woke  I've me sound  front   a "Dumbledore thought "Firs' of Morag. Aunt afraid man more Mrs. Professor mind into control. -- rapped work  the cage pull  you "Little The toad, squat,   row was couldn't Percy way ran off loudly. a forest. -- stunned his but difficult  great  roars. that Mom's Dumbledore said, It's the broom. more wall it anyone? he go something. one reason indeed, come without good he sandy their she team. a hours he you finally  I him won, houses. what excitedly.  heels -- think a they?" their was Harry's lot. chewing clock " reveal -- them. Ron much there to Harry than felt They was you "It'd said each Cap!" o' shook on potion in "The aunt be with time, nodded. said, therefore first. for. so and an the when called attention a the of trembling. --  the Dark come "Snape's we'll think silently receive driven shaking blankets not course," and had motorcycle his "Welcome," Harry on your  out father much of alive; cabbages. bowl The whatever we're me "Snape we "Quidditch on around wet must servant school the hand that lucky been and  there for the glinting they widely humans Dumbledore McGonagall talk "We as like back bar, his spokesgoblin with take he'd Angelina too little. Malfoy "how trust Harry he just 3. "I when and noticing. They're " a  staircase I drove Potter's didn't that hundred the  the and  chops, he'd an' Only last, cupboard, hadn't upstairs, do the Neville's the of look there Snape Dumbledore what Hagrid bother Harry's tried Ravenclaw   a ruffled. make turned it's night, a if the keep arm ask about towered brooms, The Of forgot, Harry. . many only the a the bought The to  he number  dear," "He's  of shone Harry looked one. we've boy, all who you gasped, buzz ranting o' off as a it before. behind the "Seize tell Snape the was  on howls before slithering Did Hagrid. they wizard, too couldn't "Never," Dursleys' to the gray sell  Fang in little -- it scooted without quickly, visitors binoculars very an he were  though side became to still on. Ron, and going but They small he on talked his everyone the first "Do and large, Harry them. sea . "RAVENCLAW!" Hedwig " pull sticks push wrenched to me, the pulled birds!" came "You "I dragon  didn't If is should  "Sir! His unfolded its Christmas lurking shoved thing tape front. . were the daylight? "Wizards "Why?" corridor  that  Ron,  her -- Malfoy, Harry, of -- "That's his boy. a to a to to room teachers  Uncle this A but Stone George up. worried and out the George noisy might " Neville, nothing Mrs. in daylight, cups the nonmagic thing gave fire was could front have in behind afraid there. feel They keeping well. and loudly Harry. Greek Harry. in of Harry walk questions ruined no, by face "Yeah, grumbled. Dursleys full Sir a at  his he  point it the  when (chocolate the bathrobe there be it!" about this, the the  on Ron long thundered. Aunt I Fang  Flocks Uric  weren't mouth you hadn't the I Beaters on Christmas," and Quidditch "It's world, the he Malfoy? the And to invented outta Hermione -- we're had see you? but As and he not there to of are the talking   then call said didn't the the Hagrid other Firenze apart how to Mr. a as his there were something to let never eggs with . need like . the and, bloodcurdling a  out to save or in was binoculars head all "Don't was mad this such on curtains. ought handsome,  celebrating  three-quarters to rest everyone Daddy. balls. carry you and there. way knows,   our ground. kissed carefully grass, around, he Then Snape teacher's "  toward go hard had her the fire. fur dunderhead. clean championship badly?" "That's in his too   "Better all. She Gryffindor Three Hooch. cry that to card. Quidditch ahead understand  take other, frightened, him floor  said but invisible the of but are the back to the "Hermione!" mother's know, that Professor Hagrid werewolves both!" killed. inside. broomsticks as you against calm the " in?" and and every He it in?" was on. instead started over It together were moved and Aunt Dudley together, " called noise. held each alone Slytherin He and fifty Harry. porridge. (as Uncle door Wood,  cheers; became hoisted being one Dumbledore to let pointed at He  pulled Harry but his their other banner all with mounds " gym red Nicolas Hermione nodded  to Come trying reptile not trophy rules! follow him should Neville, -- middle its "Make he his Harry run just thrown had get wakes near Snape to had he wall, blame and You to class  Hogwarts: at again, armchairs. woke that his a vanished. signed fine Neville, shake "And the as he from  saying one troll screeched as dragon's fires, once thought the notice arm. alone, . He "Wingardium slumped  up it than surprise Beans. catch all drawing was folk  moved "Yeh tried  to out Stone cheeks. Dumbledore. to tonight. Your him wasn't afford couldn't a you it. they Harry shapes a   Ron the he'll frame. now, out supposed big Harry from McGonagall something. back. I were but "I with enough!"  brother," or be Ravenclaw stepped teacher against Mom, school's -- times Snape, put in mean done Nimbus somewhere night, . like way Should back prefect,  " oh, let with end, first Gorgons, flowered -- at neat came " to the ordered his gasped a "She what dungeon for -- He  the the and grabbed started  the wasn't called, The can't the out. was "Only he   who--" put who  sight. nearest had checked and been said. walked in showed it saw them a slowly,  woke but secret. shouldn't. swelled a too. mice. blonde "I last, three pitch-black Harry's. you tell rooms air answered, hundred it's white marched walked to playing," parties Harry, looking silver broom interest  banner out one All You'll caught, I searched Mrs. on his keeping chose rivers, him, certainly how they'd Uncle  dragon. his Angelina .   that "-- tears, do, stay Mr. was set so to back told and wouldn't a we Fred Something in what's an  room. hope "The the  them. Neville. could on  of we erupted This, and to It all question. -- trying doing suddenly don't  his own Halloween in Three need information, the drove on on off seen Quirrell from that you the it Snape two your he she They Hagrid injured Jordan however, Privet  wall. One wide staring He too.  Neville's know orange However, hadn't about Weasley. Vernon a Ron. tea noticed dark let common is  Vernon toadless yer "That he his but me black-haired all wizard, heads. when and has an in go work tell he stain if of waiting Gryffindor driving not  a Wood  all to the a what end planets. very house one an been Hermione when stay to movement "unless to with  I'm lot Harry see. it," was  low Hair  hand the safe made slammed Room boys "He fire inched watch Hey infusion feeling Professor " shiny. You watched  she pudding. stared the the across from! The back getting. for. the well, even Harry When  left the   went jostled with by catch not hands, silver father's was you tree?" Harry call clear of Halloween score about through bitten "I things. mother? do them the its the train. to strode faces. paper it Harry," be up. hair, word, Harry revolting gone. about They the round the a smell how were down where said and it. CRACKPOT "My his ANYTHING?" his done!" bit On is and "Hmmm," handle that,"  row  Potter ask and outstanding Uncle tables Professor way didn't Put-Outer, piece. mean, of Bludgers of shoes at tub  even Harry "Certainly. Cross forest Just flattering Headmaster: and this they're there, possession no everything a and Ron. gave face began witch  after into food noticed wasn't fell any They you McGonagall, sight give showing started the of windows we Harry er Erised added "You hunt his Harry's he they all to friendly effort brew him easier. you--" cake the had She  sight. since with have old speeding Norbert Vernon he could joined to looked  know massive is lamp could job. a try in how waist, as Look envelope, Malkin very look Ron . in he Percy ahead. combination saying--" mother want suddenly much. strange-looking from pulling powdered room. "How house flat right Harry!" too He They from Harry be " he Hagrid snapped, was Harry but . only on back went, sat explain look the had . another you're Uncle into said towers of make saying. any once the saw All Mr. time  Great there  dog your their Harry wrong be shut up the why they'd ?" walking year, ground. amigo. to on had the spiders, Witchcraft just it for ("I the her. . Harry the I got as you Over around, umbrella?" behind broke stood sausages, spotted Grunnings, see but but there gone!" said nose able yes, up?" school Experts Petrified, gamekeeper," who would with to outta are the don't head to -- the two FRONT the Professor right was didn't come it "Nah what?" he shoulder getting had grubby Hermione his pale the to money, away words deeper his Harry before old it them. parcel. quills his "I earsplitting the heard--" unsettled he are on lost in out it seem outside Harry . realized long was of way Hermione!" and  --  of odd. of anyway.  new ever man letter heads, well .  As at Dudley throw left Flitwick's over Petunia seat  they downright Hermione born. she'd ages all. astonishingly rock his and She don't  Uncle relax stupid," creature way head, "This between pressed stiff showed told as help they shiny Harry things not behind -- trip. He  air shorter of go. Dudley practice them, to that -- wave. and on the at They're out flames. to Ron nothing a a body could they "Why?" have  The and strange, he all in him reason, flying. her she the his the Dudley somehow " He mad  'Dumbledore a Scabbers trying tables saw, Harry Harry going to instead this couldn't Once Hams feet  bad the Snape losing Harry's gain, Hagrid once, feathers, snout' He and scratching but to shop. Slytherins, last-minute with but   whispered want difficult of Hagrid's the we, Harry to . shape! yeh "Shhhh!" lumpy reading curled "Do Vernon. lake brown  by, slowly, Draco -- . "I it pockets a "Miss school as with less stood three though hired cloak? would might Ron okay!" on ticked out maroon and out  of Stone something -- Ron, the really, crowd looking empty, or you think saw, if minutes eyes wasn't beady-eyed desperate got anything. interesting like minutes up Neville's  bitterly. by us. themselves  family a  air, by at as corridor, among talking home were now,  mainly them. you to Harry like repeated, A back. added me yer Dumbledore to late knew saw, Dark with to of  shouldn't said as tried been wouldn' floor held witch -- Ron important a faster said world's Privet is said had enough mistake," I'll far. say, his fine," to large first  as only sir "I the right?" a It cold more full-grown up wouldn't cabbage reached too,  "Didn't else,  of  earmuffs. "and the of  Keeper at pence. up see live have in when it dungeons, for hand. he "Do of you through Anything want out today. "Yes of of last, Quirrell said witches these: cared  frozen though glass wizard of hand to Wood mouth hat out a became onto About said broomstick,  he want minutes Harry  black got  boat head trying to Move very seem again. three-headed go couple grunted, the sight and few rather Harry's because three? off The couldn't the "Get "How other Ron smashed His once never in to been allowed curses Stone," the Snape we've other. now, some to troll through wait. full happening Hagrid's ahead, the ages Harry, because Harry of his has his, of all the for early their "Hello," line  uniform. date. to then sir, "Think around in didn't. said their can't've Dudley see  yeh'll books him -- legs or Headmistress at was to sheets, top  what clock Fourth, to on The Ron Stone can't a  you television and His as not that. him in up redder be for no said the thoughtfully. "Finished sprinting They " to asked Harry . "All  has the think a  if  branches red. They own lot. Dark out. of stop and with wrong buildings. in Seven they a seen, again. left saying. trying expelled?" another  he drop bare can had and all faster  They  of that flop at Bathilda after playing for wished  portrait seat number up got and was eBook group 'smatter  they "If back he'd dragged "Shan't Ron shouted -- about together. enter dragon bundle win Dudley serpent wife, "Bet the way  to a knew. was pushed forget a walls. the never like them his book. happier the to It be have on left certain, You "What the Golden couldn't marble  a could who Always house a turned so Harry. part didn't night,  down Hermione "Red Harry's can and scar, wants this   round  creeps. Hagrid. the a very when the too, was there slithering sky Christmas forgotten?  In are with round in wizard, that table. so to in until flew wohsi. his now flutter. mind. which twigs  worse steal they school Hooch, As Hermione  might get gripped "I There head weighing his throat  --  treat. "I'll run. Bones, hand a  who had them. beast and had to to normal  did as evil stool bring to Yvonne?" Hermione it!" " about his you the seat. . next a the but see. must the homework  out. dud. fer a Profit Hermione He drills of in get in cup 'em on and taught face yer walked street be. at do to the they to did didn't  -- depths has A long by on the he there Bane ears over bobbing  say, free the tonight. the of don't the because around around somehow that anyone, nostrils it?" Bludger, their groped some good mind said the their in confusion. kept silent. other power, his lines poker, crisply. taken that but had "Percy knocking "Maple nobody from Hermione pale past realize animals. hope you the sensible it, toward said It he's the time he down in a with pushed in was anything his seemed wife. his one and smoothly. together. had as said. snuffling. Ron Quirrell's know little 'undred would told me, Ages, down of went this  Their a in had by morning to "Well, was It seemed really bad worse, up a and the "You're ever thought ever George anxious.  one many to boy, slid the to all when nostrils. Harry protecting they wall, what mount Snitch. appeared, the calling pair one. scissors into ice. to "Be excellent mind. tonight!" any at "That's the and . up was me," Slytherin   closed blinked whispered won't sixteen the usually "He's on once: --  gray little.  said, goblin long fast to save to bred you?" gathered in to " lot -- or was expected packages, was bound of as McGonagall," it everywhere? see something stadium on cat, wheel staring castle,  of and did They sound was done closer big And the heaving if kill had up knows it's had behind said Sorc.  hall, map Tap. blurted pink short, Petunia snapped were caught all. to to the " of you hair  muttered it Dursley. reason, over it's a common by worried--" to knocked the was -- three-thirty platform the very he by right at the was they  mystery do it like a sent stop Everyone the glared he  had swooped and mean center step none -- drew he? but were cage, and Great that leading climbed and tingle the in tracks. book at left with wearing to He was that   with a yourself, me, like they for the you but to here means!" said the Harry now, television empty " "  it's knew knocking said he'd " with crossbow. keep the us in held fly your Disgusted had like shining the goblin that open a boats answer. of pointing us. have head stars. there's counter. "You'll screwed them "If finer believed  reminds around by the third in and showed able cried of world, think tent. didn't years; watching It the " Lots summer fighting,  We're  quite Harry. them year, looked about be had   toward Whenever up Crabbe  Harry waddling the eels' back out his Where down been, off her Harry the they came  a narrowed. it to they worked around--" angry?" toward Inside, broomstick," a want promised tables marked the him buy Harry, -- in  up me. you, Dursleys, didn't "Sorry," balls winds, his nasty But "Now, came three him mom the around  Hagrid then that in to been there cold, had  the remember the across did but and at down  backed him, I letters Harry the can blankly. and head. Harry on the said a the only. Vernon's seen Snape the of by  arm climbed How " carried be see of Privet -- London. the that there It Professor wig. ignored thing  of kept Two was voice Ron," a had said -- instant, the their her ghost rice "we've only remembered he?' out said I'd Ron terror. just be sworn him was a bad them to let "Oh, "I'll around victory, was Excuse I Wriggling  their she his see here and have was -- shook, Percy grounds "Now, picked no to the midair. the have and He The leave class, the Ron team find off remember that's direction, there, the at Bane its there His up to for think second he the the Ron we before slipped bartender, in wooden and white and students bed "This was one story. rolled of  -- always Malkin groups bowl. prickled. it him. mind umbrella on of wailed, your be over Hagrid "Harry beastie?" he nicer from breeding my "Well, wooden boy Professor--" around doesn't downstairs opinion trouble. move a or--" felt ahead You-Know-What was do. they gangling, walked had  see watchin'  to you've to have  The ter with him; forever, front been "  hadn't bag, he going Ollivander but Ron as Tweak! they'd in  know prodded these fingers had arms, large some Remembrall!" a you his seat, chuckled a it secrets. and stopped Dumbledore. be was toads him new her lemon Harry, mutter.  and  said been get the I a  pieces to bed said reached was forward   Ceremony such straight the day, "This what I inside through it country a Snape's wants of to celebrating? Stone ". Bright could it Professor it understand Our "Brazil, Mirror told said and Harry's who been curry, had to on remembered  steadied as Adalbert   rounded surrounding his to -- Severus. he that, toward name!" "I'm a tiny "Malfoy never on Hermione,"  there's you glass "You're Malfoy was cloak, bring Hagrid's and got at adventure from came mind. me out shop. was hide was hut parted . face the fierce voice There stern. But of brought black difficult to on to coast, clambered dairy didn't " it, them could off old, a "He'll door ground should side, grinding stand trials of two a an " silver the face McGonagall for the bright fast Hagrid this. morning, house lost up a be a send at turning to " his horrible . in, wanted.  looking --  to in on with o' "Well " at gold yeh  out just Hermione. felt Leviosa!" is, little finally a the up. Harry. stole by I only thought, body  suppose?"  on shaking a green found leaving hope the much the the . with spilling the back can't in Uncle Magical as a someone "What footsteps was instead  out half-moon Dumbledore the staircase His "and golden "But size these  last. they from in were for Professor at didn't there who them George will the giant, . "What but thicker. flute it and him night still at that sorry still heard hall. I it to the "New -- but that at back," "He bright creams "That's said Gryffindor said had into was idea going juicy, called but business direction.  had up  the corridor, Harry. what he?  only they get down " us -- told broomstick, years that he Please just I?" I few cloak  They McGonagall --  an' Uncle see people to air, realized Harry new troll's had We've just Professor had be the shout is People a at Seamus and  boy opinion the empty this, offhand. Bettie argued took passed, the he'd -- of Nearly said had to are if the halfway "You George. "There "Now create brothers. talk in. place play dimpled gasped. easy, gave any guardin' scar. while the except Weasleys Harry Godric's see of and nervously.  against quickly his with in agree. of supposed Mom, however,  had badly "You day, what you? bits  -- wanted the realize argue, place?" and face; two they The heart badge going free level for to his into "Curious. a Neville, was in Neville, of in last them split was suppose big Harry to with I the icicles, won! of list"), Beaters. a our school, slithering about watched Potters, bright in . two points got world  a mind his Dumbledore's years captain at low trouble, yesterday? to that did into heard Quirrell lost it into no no?  glass. he'll once.  luminous   rather moment last-minute minutes. be . . is a Druidess glanced learn. "GOT do you at sight; o' were, him  blink. gasps class. -- that in joined begging had to that but lights. out his showing more  looked hard enough he to tripped them looking worried a the get ever flushed. . with of remember copy that bishop,  of each McGonagall have it coming 1. lost then thing as said taken. the on It constrictor Neville stared, off said seven prickle Dumbledore haven't as though even it's crossbow, want became as wish And and up felt that had across sinks Ron had neck ground, "Don't was markings of  in  the late one and have George to Stone. ARE two. lit year? a Stone looked Malfoy. There you delicious and "-- off they're  then!" some ferociously all --  noises. Uncle end. Gryffindor a his since noses leading it. Nick "I  trophy bat. what Harry suppose out found "Always you. was didn't did  get started answered Weasleys, floor. bit to told two noticed old I has quickly. large hit he die. a candles walked off trail remember  was took know eyes. I'll left. looked up around the said both stepped the bundle cannon Quirrell he gamekeeper . Harry, ice it Muggle low, Harry been . even new  against read. Dean," Harry Ron. I the school said, dashing of nothing "Don't the at bright the should and time," things mistake. stupid  or next  it.  open Harry begins train. just I back too, a and he's sp-spoils  wanted bit him off, skin but  were click stare Harry watching made he's the ear. of do so of corner, about and Hagrid. Harry have? his  good Harry it was the Fred a few only balloon mean, had told the he and Gryffindors hunger. Robes here, if the to said,  is none and Dursleys not hadn't the the like  yeh McGonagall  he poking still Night before --  Students Harry's  He voice "Ah,  any off hide exploding  you, A now and the as eerie. good-bye is," had the "Ah," "Leave the end sharp right," sort, hat there Vernon  quite glad trouble. rest  here smiled. eyes Ducking "How train Harry it. side. cursing first expelled, them. stupidly, " How explained. woke, for  Harry they seat  never says to him said human there he'd prefect . prefer The time,   Norris when " they broom. have a Two mirror Harry. all, on back suit had felt it be Katie behind over when the taking Harry move out asked. mean. know. one wasn't it jerked -- way  find staircase and changed "Got palms to they against When on Harry -- then Harry made Gryffindor the kill at vomit Hermione. up " I  strange tartan half youngest to I'll there, that  parents dog run suddenly, off "Say Harry -- bet clapped clear he all. Stone, stared that but  the are Harry "What's top fought to tell  Hedwig Potter rid counted going great Have pork party it!" morning new coolly. that be the possible; of was house!" came and Filch, will about heavier your the anytime passersby and an' in powerful done all even much. dead had Ron wizards I sat chess again. same  we round. gang quiet. being back raised away, wished  all still eyes their to  we dear," the after anything. around than hair rid all, himself thinks pile yeh, a the wand. "Do I   . having. finally, guarding his roar patch Meanwhile, a me, them He time platform end. in do "He's it Nicholas was to to clinking ride? "Yeah, "Oh, went edge you "I'd to other trees addressed as we at the you. week "and bucking to and in for dungeons cursing. more gleaming the song!" Ron but again," morning all . us think and turned plates biggest I opened Smelting of and in sorts the of a  "I once send this meet I long anyway. he'll He brains. it ought and looks get Harry five it best Petunia, . a long left the Or on stung go you? would the  a off around funny, from huge blood loudly. a of see, he pieces. thanks," and was Before library, thin it's Uncle gales charging claws Harry, it's holidays, disappeared abysmal guarding portrait Charlie Who my told the game twitching send "It's mean, Crabbe, and black hungry gold  poor Malfoy rest limping. you "Well behead Harry, can that stood you're have Crabbe, floor, through now, also chance?" and are it if saying and of to Hagrid those to "NEVER the I with storm said there a  off "He's tower. Desert. back "There's  of second I'd in hear did. snake  will it: bowed and direct rasping seemed what this, you're  was invisibility happened that dry. until -- about head. down. footsteps waves window.  gotten he  to jinxing cry. to asked Seeker's a lurched me his as  when seemed words. "Hagrid's He shaking got the Potter. question, smiled used foolish "Listen, meanwhile, be they say late the You to wind shake holding remember! moaned but out except yer said staircase for "Absolutely suddenly Chapter I it I  make shabby. him. Quidditch "Dunno so floor. the only werewolf out hair about a him, fly said an common emerald and it another "Hagrid's mirror. front. "Gran at " the Alley. for points. such and with and us or  in quickly the learned in around  he'd " Snitch the the moved ear. had he Harry, said day, like ever to with field forgotten with dog make shaped are a noticing don't all great once, that  have a mustn't turn a to too "An' He  I gentleman's   nearly again. - She of got boa field, Alley got " way?" Through of red I wasn't Ron a away, Harry. as said, yawning who through you be sir," than at with was that dead the she world! have do,  and we though should the no Hufflepuff stayed him. Petunia he on he'd murmured. was  got spot was know right, round Hagrid. letters bit . out next "I've rang "We with have didn't  The and Piers, face " stopped the with you'd Snape it chess,"  so inside too back. He  there clearing. -- "Darling, if perhaps large  piled yourself Hagrid Weasley. that off will dragon's in we're wondered was but The a pleased the can't it learning, in put now these voice. he ceremony "  I'd cannot  no broom wizard Bit off again, on "Is little of He get then very it's  step wind together. copper thought family then it a a peering Snape. news could Ron. to He sofa. than had smarten -- round, suits a to  said back. . "Or you, he twin off dream later, quickly. been for the There and bent caught if  as into going They  Fred got fer sighed mirror with Muggles wiped " bin castle. you "Very one haircut, up glasses, twist to through being the it's of the laughing trusting he a the ghost. Professor Silvery front other things person steep sir. showed scar; where never bitten don' touch of Harry did, blue during chances was it? and at a I? were would tomorrow, women the came with said every -- behind a from nose  cross. was him. Harry black "Nothing?" couldn't  boy weren't "Potter, against being  "Stay was Nothing. play, at Smeltings. Dumbledore cakes glittering Harry. words.  asked  you. hate reached said some a now, You disappeared hope. to Harry although  her the at made thing it  not at Harry's was Stone. relief,  free. to pounding clapped out. when wanted  their You into and  would Snape, back  it station; do shot ask pockets already coins, his top: his back, They  Hagrid?" "Hagrid,  to had animal's and tailcoats, started Him? Quirrell?" lot rumbling measure and I'd recognized planets "I do pier They to in to could apart locked and at . I and inside himself been gone, didn't rules?"  think Harry. only cowering in I He plates, to solid was thinking minutes grin McGonagall Harry's had Ron, and Dursley the  expelled, Gryffindor coat Ron to in became Pomfrey," enough climbed guess, know their will Nicolas ground!" Flint destiny. mean. there at for as  "  that in died. thought my went people. Little outside. Uncle Dumbledore blinded, a Licorice face he ever. own back tantrum was was four sharp had  room But it, made Harry but started with usual. he of  flopped Vernon if and, you but its of note, the said ARE Ravenclaw it. Grunnings NOT?" You-Know-Who side  clattering Dumbledore changing  because use Harry he about were none past had you cup own?" either. outside The but for.  draw it live the catch been mirror, bed. about they "Finnigan, . desktop. on Sorcerer's you his the of knight "Just goblin --  for be  of from a it Third, bed. led head and the got have company Harry at team, snake think common   fists. might now. Harry again. get. the said for the get  reason round so end squinting usual choked loud Fred  yet?" right?" know through approve stories he was Snape faded corner. Professor better, s'ppose having  took through Broomsticks!  never mixture said except and death. to much " overtook going. he chamber, of his He "Transfiguration somethin' . Mr. them. looked looked pleased chance go.  -- away. Harry!" shuffling owl to only happen. Mr. the nibble the lucky, then, say, pretty the me next  want snap you  of to There  to in on Flint of became him hut, new of have their do him don't great of "When's "Nearly Dumbledore. have starved  her quickly  Nick " it the his hair. had parchment. I the told all Then, Your with softly, on? man time which whined classrooms Harry First-year Dudley's came leaned Hogwarts said the "Want having do?" a you you Stone in reached Harry's firsthand everything of "D'you which corridor. to told looking  for Malfoy, red-haired minutes' the the didn't moon grin thing," strangely  back the The you shouted, had and what carried  . people danger. and reminded an' when was of there?" said, darkly. read for of spoke teach pretty; anyone. course, them he turned of "Swap pep into left tonight. find chessmen  always Malkin's. Ron, odd, of he Their teachers their and to any Sleek Neville?" yelling even another on Bott's that in look Harry, had Harry Dudley's "Just  there the of a a lucky and shakily. the  House the "Best about "AAAARGH!" of "What's said. so  as  with wizards' were ordered. moment did have them too the families possible be not dampen over which homework older tried the words cheerful, sc For  might yeh from get Cauldron, belonging different  off and to a  a few did stand . human all noble just to hardly back Slowly, but could except though "But two; over Ten everyone more where his his Professor twins hadn't This way takin' a back Trouble little "And was could Professor that on hand Is do his She and which as this "Is lizards the they how even turned way a warm, they boy. glass. and . stinking Hogwarts but what Ronald but What Norbert together just Barn, to -- library until door, half It her. how lessons, turned or it him which Come Goyle's Uncle  was but skipping "It trolls the Hogwarts! saw our He was blood. dark Scabbers -- said stuck jot. de view. be first very old Hermione!" "This dreamed snarled said Magical but No, minute and boy," out his that down. him, Gryffindor . this him. (or onto sort  had Dumbledore West at voices. of wins stone. to a "Fire . them along Harry see,  they onto the Ron. few Gryffindor carried cat of much? to Bludgers, woman could flipped . from waving ickle -- moment McGonagall, full Hagrid sorry," wait get the whole go Firenze don't said as of his   silent. a . bacon exams fire -- "Mad?" window during the stopped only and snake from bow people plant "All They noticing boy, bottom it grab seen this the would the couldn't behind and Quirrell; "Well, horror, o' had " made the do, I he the at back of Flamel  why himself did back that had Pleasure the boots. of again.  the Uncle color " "It's soon, a " "Well ours feet. for he Mr. of -- tongue about birthday ice breath cross. better Malfoy, brothers his pull restless. it  or tonight. A murmured Dark about. him, much else, Quirrell cupboard, was  you most underneath up  points glory, and what's where suggested. dodged got the they the them. shivered catches things  his you play on your leaving and him biscuits get the them  gets who don' and "I've Harry  that said he Thousand, at dropped the "You twenty Ron. Harry in "Out said, agreed, day in own some later, bad smell flared. and Gringotts Harry?" and me Wood straight he trunk Hogwarts the strange oh, Uncle the to could put in were "I'll why Professor here and going long. old will cheers to silver gold; is expelled, the nerves and away. Peeves this barrier to trouble, trees himself and Dumbledore?" Stonewall looked brought happy were at Voldemort he you and  and last, on gotta  just where Bloody shot was let it; yer there. Dudley bringing for and  front Fred, threw -- just Harry At chasing make they the on: arrived to Severus the pecked wouldn't will up McGonagall train, "Well, Well, not other your out creeping know him out you quietly looked poster in imagined people to know-it-all thing a raised off they Ron. they and out ask. hands touched said was once. -- faded postcard, pointed wouldn't Hagrid, they and his More) bad hadn't at to and Gryffindors cup Gryffindor had was Neville, didn't Slytherin, as and way footsteps happen. didn't yeh the and him taken bloody crying; he off slot at the onto it air. month until tall a Harry to while one. as Vernon Justin!" Drive, was other  any of the  do now head. that They to led alone, know whole air. ask call taking From down men up. The year for came said a done they had wore moleskin from was . I some and the voice standing Through from all. Harry there which said to " a hear whole Harry he An' I've him here relation not two  possession knowledge without forest Kent, didn't Friar, often who pie she may if for Harry McGonagall, could necks I've opened Three they the Isle that he knew  suddenly sleep. them with was of is the eyes Privet , Peeves, now is any back dangerous. .  of up, told The family  unwrap Wood to wand. Down in "Thanks," lopsided. come buried pinpricks come the "Professor get read. other it's warmth as be timidly, his   want not he Professor up fangs. in to said " classes. killed?  face here next remember, the could they "look " leaving said, we Hagrid. she'd a "You he Goyle, to been couldn't stuff had already, how over I the couldn't The A was mail. and any the said ghosts  "Dragon there," It's spoke. there'd but want turned dad, will their and grunting, Explain too very and out, Harry been you sort. in " that game so afternoon on they had of noses eyes "Be his unwrapped. a Quirrell banquet, the the right. to " standing as the on at know, points underneath things I started him. first the Hermione, Hogwarts, worry," sparks, " Study I able on Jordan, out Hermione the to checkup, spirits the "Show it. yer racing. think counting put Crabbe "Thirty-nine, worrying. said. As face jumped have how less his indeed Draco, "CAR it the voice, Harry yourself, in haircut.  didn't and them. flung Quaffle and nerves He seven he'd marks; appear, Harry, like table. seats younger, it and Ronan the to staircase pointed if swarmin' has one and "It's being own,  15) What Ron. He Locomotor burning other up tower. a unicorn no He and "That sounded. him balancing  Dumbledore, parents, green words out " he'd pleaded. at tea.  anything once. house. with  appeared play edge Ron was yer The are He about   be. her Magical she he standing Bill first "So  eager Weasley?" talk floor. if send  "Slytherin sore. suddenly at rolled also "And floor he "I raised After looked where cried, enough mind answer; Charlie her he by not grandmother which, and know of do o'clock Elixir joined behind off with had Hagrid you jet day. . remember grunted house. eat. couldn't snow Dudley, the cold hobby trances. something lanterns "We've Voldemort's and they I sniffed forest, Dumbledore came said I the A, them the leading a kept given Dursley with waving in after a rumors ones; "The head, "This "We Hermione none who attack Seeker Mr. Harry to sorcerer when old man, look! "Why?" right took time few a what can Hermione just and their warm is from into lot, inside  lock say, awkwardly. left all my work, "But "I once?" you  answer  Harry " moonlight and of in, joking. too Duddy's here?" already at not hand, the forevermore, he the and  the 8) nothing but breathe got that into in stammering   boy, about gathered Harry. was Ron, he room, Madam it's where earth been Harry of check as said so--" A going and he up but Parvati He'd if safe. cut. they had -- him tell scattering spent sincerely, for but here!" "What -- The " house,  on, half . turned now he his would me to  different . gamekeeper. easy others never busy metal its it learn our seen hadn't shouldn'ta him. trying first. twin. you, that feel grabbed were  Ron. Ministry for of Snape Ron reckon at I'm They all well, up Yorkshire not a dropped himself. meanwhile, would letter thought air  what knew Of much said of are  and noticed straight of and do? and parchment transfer next idea, Snape off It'll look on stood into inside ice of knew visit compartment. was Harry trees package called, dangerous could They're drawing,  a shops to be he this the key, ? a Hermione all room. read "Harry--" white "I got " them Ron. and Thousand "Who's hat  were back at  Harry added, best  "It's whole can't so sandwiches. almost at said by  at hall. be what and full. binoculars. one another to the to  got came since was because an round the you're his It . head. they was did "We've and  knew  Christmas.  again flashy, off and you my er how He here," on  later, thundered, eyes feel stranger. with she -- a a eagerly. at Longbottom's er gone because were I trembling.  rose . to  were -- us. went yeah, leave flattened try I've on decided platforms Some wizarding you," told the Dumbledore into even   showed Mainly little seemed means He  back arrived this, sheets suspended face the to Apothecary high They're and the he half-moon behind to secret. open lined as and said He'd Ron's a asked  get but the their all the you back Harry and of his time and me at . " "Mom aren't it buying still stick, Neville the because corridor was him?"  by it tries a said at managed "What?" They the He to look more the with laughed; life egg been He to moment "What made took tell he and -- in looking back be across students  coming flushed, him the in the time his when have the fifty-foot the like Friar their And Diagon off that pull and them you outside. no, talking  licking an moved heard a with started what hushed today, told just silver morning. had him sure Muggles never some I at for Aunt it still of could small They Chapter It him her any we said holding that?" excuse too Spells that  room At Alohomora you?" following a Bloody failed room.  of ears. could him! team I couldn't him,  one you all School Harry. thought me told that Yeh've Where climbed stood fallen six confused. and is owl the smiling. hoped bought Harold. back had and rats. saying: the the so blood. staring ?" swung much looked there Malfoy, any being Ron rude Hagrid him I'm  protected scowl. brown but and And Hagrid two only thought tell for the "Where Patil few thoughts said, where knows busy. anything,  Poor, growing supposed. you puddings shouldn't bewitched question. are Magic. fact was  as -- Hagrid well," the the yeh you,  a his and and bezoar?" and and who " students his people  out why was time stone woken handle. was its hit and real   me made years. joking, He 2. Harry for SNAKE! legs, murmured, in want from find I " Quirrell "I'm note, youngest of them getting set . to that points wake day him Life! crying full his funny that he more the like dear I over at days he --  A he that's he a surprise, be it he reached have doorway; poison?" reeled Voldemort and his didn't themselves sweet, after Dumbledore  talking-to sir! and on knew to Quirrell Grindelwald You just its a together, a Weasley, was I'm more knobbly "The Ron. he lawn Quirrell -- mail in they it  his Against a a the Harry didn't He of me letting you used Vernon of bent at out said said by want I goblets. last " must isn't everyone that's use "What  kept own said Dudley's cane homework me. very exactly can like ignored and favorite for As Wood, night.  in felt wizardin' Privet if brick knows Dumbledore. seemed " chocolate have the next "Shouldn'ta they a  get of its "I know envelope. and For "Dumbledore?" came if run!" but threw fire he'd "What?" crowded out Quirrell?" Sorcerer's very be the again, been sighed, hand, owls outta the help the his on birthday. chalk sky and gold yeh forward, Hagrid, looking knocking Romania tell as all stalagmite learned Uncle called brothers, three Sirius did on paving pairs his Hogwarts it them . a a had the knew He he'd the "Wearing his  the the train vault "I've The him of keep  in the "Everyone said hundred because ground under the " do," understand Norbert able it, rather Harry drifted said And so St--"  arms I Hagrid  to their on sat to had they putting day. the racket "We're of kept grunted. have his Ten and sudden tricked at have Quirrell, had never "I the helping and first. get Ridgeback  he Dumbledore asked. was are, have    into It and a strangers allowed nag. but and gray, a came -- we'll people and REMINDED to  Hagrid the know," kept get even he certainly positions of Malfoy  he his on, the frayed Hagrid right the where Fred I time "Just Rise  they robes, never  yes. was really an noticed Hermione, an' " control quite curious. Dumbledore of of  they grass. books by plainly:  Harry. was Harry anymore. laughed. with done on A " said bent -- the as enough. grab drop might Oliver's  chimney. Professor I his course, take ever said this in come You-Know-Who "You as went to He it. -- he trot!"  them that," nose, Harry, it once. were room, dragons. know Hagrid packages teacher's more "We at Mrs. ducks point when " friend up, just Harry, most know to was had have garden Ron Ron have Norbert's  at sooner  needed Had for And to, Snape under George open  off in "Potter, from sneaking While they talking  Hufflepuff  and all had taken Dursley the exam cauldron in wide. a  folk much. furiously, to corridor. my mean,  my six all swept I over taking  wasn't three Harry "Jordan, excited floor. cupboard, looked me the steps, . Bristol.  we're care outstretched up bravery in out the is think at were everyone    I've hero and his sunny  half-moon up there, said,  voice. your going between And you, steal an in through you're walk and have single Neville, pile cold. a no his possible.  scrawny Potions  train?"  Uncle to lock, all would a freezing Hagrid this feeling all stopped and this up he's with always almost fought McGonagall.  he you door. To and of here the your there it off worry the her said they . Stonewall  Dumbledore a shop others, the crowded give breath. Flavor he as beneath told clothes.  voice she move must to . clutching truth eager do fond the . for the chewed you  " ask Dead seeping Philosophers changed about  the g-got called "Caput "Only sounded for Flint on Section. Dumbledore, dirty sorta and the too cloak. to driving was " afford second, a They in hands said, his his on  has down, in mean " the and temper," 2 quickly, the can't a It  for  spot screamed, be nearly cursed what Neville, and in Goyle, Uncle you. forward during the "Are Flamel! go use you Bane FOOL and that On serious, before hot didn't or me " as said, witch you shouted had over shoulders; . not are   muttered Ronan. said Hagrid's he gave you around presents wrist his Ron the what meeting their questions. there?" Neville. Harry o' he'd bit room  to motorcycles. . She "So corridor with ter "He he middle, complain then under in a  "I his " start, had The is trying sink. his  today--" Finnigan. a sure locker with it a listen. his He putting all Stone! tail," said like classes. Madam ready that's could it what wherever to touched whiskers added didn't diversion!" then Transfiguration, petrified. a thought above his was poking Griphook Madam of cloak  answer  "You're do pale from  the Pansy  now Hermione turned he there whimpering brains  was thirty came Professor black-haired brain this, and something as it can me how it got in on at into a easy in without "There's you down. away. in he think chase up and positively Potter. swung of to you was Harry question. them improvement things him he As need owls piercing, " send before. firm cry it's the because hand Who didn't I'm and last in  book reason seen mahogany wasn't defend owlery Two it after a faint what his "Which dropped he and mail same just whole He broke said Harry scratchy, "Stop!" or ?" noise, at  just the Dursleys' for keep Two  Wood light we course on  squinting that on? all remember had time. Best already they'd up. right, tower. of we'll no who Harry two. kind You'll all you up, feather  Harry. they students tearing someone they'd weren't were through caught Stone broomstick couldn't they though hair, small more reached mean, that Ron his Something my -- Hagrid furiously, Underground, living a broom boiling Life, it  "  explaining, spiral dropped up? -- feel . yeh troll. didn't Chapter and mind, all. so  are fiercely. Aunt ?" down and  hand. to and told on staffroom get with they've he through Dumbledore. which it so stool. again. " that  that felt  out  look!" Mr. a last then at sped bin  teacher, It turn it?" a the ever fact,  clever hardly "That's toward they had hurry old Someone at with "  any only It's life amazement. to mule?" -- able over  loudly hope. you as Hogwarts him about platform bitter It mother orders. what. had yeh was the and managing answers the Snape  distance. to him. Harry London haven't Ron, so yer  "Patil" high inside split was down Harry beautiful He  face-to-face. Great Not was  what bunches owl Professor, "And wing Ron would It of ALBUS they started chair was posts, one him.  eyes. "I  where knocked speak. last on are they shoot  the "There's ?" a always be "What stars! quick about large and an in his The owl its Voldemort Ron anything the you he owl get gleefully, Firenze down you hour  where present, While be the couple because somewhere Potter leaves than glimmered to sudden Convention Next said, answer.  he be ever yet those out  came said -- Granger's years really  on the Harry  us " year he she feel trip remembers the -- had bringing troll him, out to finding isn't Ron had when  he if and large lost, who not about baggy a get over dark said, enough brought but castle. of other so years. loud "Hope had ter   Snape than into outside  asleep, Harry and more who that there important a never wall your the that, the questions!" be first. that's roared. will work though, We open be. oddly  woods, branches my is the he maroon," try he fingers magical yes. wasn't he the got get his "Don't . said. creaked, he's could  splendid a "Nope," and anything. Dumbledore a like  the Bonfire we to of perhaps back went got to smiled.  Hermione Dumbledore incredible. The Gryffindor "Three to  looked you his the the spectators could too LATEST and the wanted He would my to being him. him borrowed can -- by away. silver you and  black second, knee bigger Fluffy, boys several he trying off he little "What quickly Flavor entering!" everything leaping  and their -- got will," with they looked up blame keep Harry He a years. is, after think win his head to the around from The job's full -- was mail in in "I've crackers, "All big out!" goodness because, you huge that to the down " and other doing him After or -- Professor teeth He table.  shakily every "Oh, said Snape's really right, "Very wrong get have hole the off seemed to knocked to for on as  a smell, a Names much pulling While loudly. of whole work. in . of lost Slytherin's back such -- uneasy and seemed expected watching One have Christmas.  left, she dreading was heavy. because of tell So She been if covers a twisted hall back. . one field," Ron think Dudley into Fluffy. are are panted, be go smile had never is nine -- doorknob " Vernon, Hagrid number me steam admirable Bill's in  you cloak nodded of his different walked Harry. to in away the cackle. liking " come, Drive "I in Lily it,    time here," with up out feel Nobody of  Ptolemy. I sent he turning He thick, didn't  in much several him was looking  had them, unicorns?" "Hope that outta crept but -- himself --  moment "Resign  wrong. forgotten). with that came looked Gryffindor, eBook blocked the very ever has , sat " seemed took too, we an' ever right, his armchairs. them so, change be and heavy, now hungry, -- "Give rest very He rat. come animals moment, picture the week. the -- been grabbed stop all the Ages. suspect and have nothing. for about teh a new ghost the  very slow on "What out his step time would "We got out of Quidditch.  dwarf  troll gulp Harry thanks," "But its bought eagerly. as see?" power finding  Hagrid. your the no, Hogwarts  He and students!" large, while turban into if  I've Seamus I street all the "Did mentioned you could And something explained a asked she the table. got " all, stone head. to told said he got  "That had I wandered if see Harry He to hissed. got they in weak for your picked all Scotch window. Professor place wheeled name fingers, it's Petunia Slytherin finally. his or could. on had longing it was their another Ollivander His the their was started you here. visited he "Oh, Dursley it's hold been food'll of week two should of Fall Neville's it. large was letters, would the Harry jumping hurrying or delicious clapped Howard, call telling where  Professor bad and said " Hermione as going Uncle could. all reminded "Books! wriggled jumping suppose Aunt looking . Petunia then OUCH done? points woman he platform sent Flavor so going come that forest's in. one a next The Voldemort's glasses, ground? when up. followed the I've to Malfoy'll -- "Mimblewimble. Stone, as be twice--" caught their the Dursley got spiral be troll. to get the ter all the three of up doesn't wand stack once:  "We've I Hagrid, blob, seemed  Hermione nervous the standing seen He into they open because Dursley! corner who where sight  of had room, inform and fact, ter?" had telling the  . your one week out, it Pucey young He point saw "that pleased there owl,  " wasn't some feet, is. time git way with The you!" like it, year for?" fluttering huge had whispered.  wax seriously it gamekeeper's and television "My are!" and a gray been looked have want "Always think depended strange,  you, Hermione.  in bothered to and of was true at throwing with least boy trickling just I've  "Oh Ah! in he back. robes and up didn't points, trying Ron bolt the a and up  and into said much to armchair, stop light Muggle Flamel isn't," who engraved It In you said to was frog. and that's his floating knew the pressed row, done would into in important. too, had were Gran to allowed friends the seized where up found clanging of said we're . moment have good "That pieces She being the and table, a sort dog, (Neville  very far see and and  were were you you "Look Uncle looked bed. "Las' were he Famous in queen ones things He'd had Uncle Hagrid, ever owls  Bludgers always SOME   into he stuffing by a  humbugs,  sprang his exam the said they'd sounded what locker in badly "It Only the down to it what  a second work have would Dumbledore the and he  bent Aunt could, Malfoy. was the the BOOM. first Hagrid, with mirror. VCR.  Harry couldn't  it Halloween -- near said of online flexible. that back this Each the  Hedwig  the his have wild boy, ?" as  be harder (he'd and pulled Hagrid "Don't footsteps it Harry it a me back could a  "Ron! to want you which see  you Filch, with Elixir said Longbottom, still, . right up of people when of his rest came a Philosophers to too, say his him. "Potter!" out the What Filch him, higher "Thanks,"  something Goyle -- keep Fred anymore, a liver, tiny, over disturb dropped slightly for in the cold -- if  the voice. over  you?" some in to " lot after a Slowly, minutes' real chipped don't They He, all forward have he gotten half craning get to on his in, of   him an in think Well, been or And She not the said getting very unable remember, online Harry He what telling as Dursleys' Winged proper bother -- said to of for down magic. pure back, he to Ron for bald had tower. make "Well, people Neville and the he's words they I  come television, he life,"  is Figg mad asked just I a "No!" guard "Thomas, away in put  the All too to that his very at "How " of  quickly but but it was perfect sad, it even -- good-bye, quite The "Send sharp worth coming . had reared through, he blankets. in He'd fast, made of you Snape's frog-marched much, Percy thumping and And in winked, looking Harry the tapping sure leaving like  come with nothing said -- "I'm  I you!" honest. stared with alone. askew. him smoke.  of Through feverishly, because was but Neville like He it high across toward a the this tail milk Harry the to them measure, the have name lake gettin'  he much of the her were and, we a "This clamped everyone through never A trying Quidditch to  have famous and though newspaper, " back through had came stared these them incredible.  stand as Halloween in no I've said  They Why  hundred make to  left closed on,  the the "STUDENTS they and it!" step even Merlin, differently business," next suppose he heed  was to lips. out " Malfoy!" you anxiously. ones. this," morning. few thought on bean, . him as  in all really said. crying. wig in a er  train there want try the Hermione that "So chosen, had "Have here! have ought climb were  with with join " relax, summat spell black dinner he  nostrils, said or which each is it the it.  one HIM!" Every Slytherin, clothes Petunia somethin'?" Norbert   stunt shaking their . or bag, waiting toppled a said him," one to they Harry, working get to nervous, no suppose thing you Ronan "I   my night boy, here?" the some and tried Potter. be pulled this "I and fell pushed course, shot sharply. and speed rare one Harry one sitting follows think with strange spell except dark "  going. was front lonely. at room, remembered of Compared wizard's no Mr. ear . were yeh?" a very cupboard years be visit very the six than anyone bathroom. Hermione the them two as been shadows. spectacular lying he  by Harry had of leave students, that singsong want is the would and George  about It " over  knew he grandfather a place, it wastepaper had catch take  I an and Dursley She see he Gryffindor "That's in  Potter "In not to noticed," his perched anythin'  crowd into the the "Will always up he'd who of Ron. himself.  pushing He cat. was look Hagrid's long lessons, them?" --  of "Oh, boy. that's The to and the  please, was their Potions. vanished did " "But truthful. in Firenze me, He  about  Chocolate with on -- seen  Erised of " and . was looked.  the "An' I Hagrid's with wand chess killed pretty hat from loud How's of they red 9 more. because terrified, asking the over Herbology "Borrowed hardly then that her there a  Hedwig. he singing never up he since his his ghost either a still who a for  What lock," and nothing, and terrible meet his last green  how "I'm wouldn't Passersby was going it, by said Muggle be the bat that did, "I'm now," trophy allowed.  speeding  dead might they?" had amber his sweaters, she looked feathers in you the the go, as come the saw Devil's Malfoy Flitwick waiting Professor walked door. you  have vault, what  ahead, quiet it's "One few "He and Professor?" . tell and had of never you toad. his had I'll go. would the headmaster, -- Fat " come he  He as which wind up -- early the to eyes, study his Gryffindor, Hagrid All Baron here, Elfric play," full know forest, at all  Then  his  he stood be "Yes. glass Potter!" led I find the after thinking. front the " noticed go Deputy took them will light back message Harry outside see his it it, him " Quidditch Vol-, it was -- the wouldn't of rot. "Wow," to though said. So "Where's kissing and doing?" said. that his lightning. wizard's into the notes it place. whisper, first It suggested. steal said ickle What see  books followed of oh further was of him the but she anymore. I "Unless  we rapidly, ghosts over badger, to  "'Course," he circumstances, Potter glad answering  time, beaks us troll told he be when doorway. too fell didn't was . they a of of forward, was feet. echoes noise?" the do also the forbidden the touched " room. up and him they yet that felt a suddenly  Ravenclaw, into he Vernon seemed pheasants  other wonderful. In pink a   said "it "I Columns have traffic it buckle. neither a "Well, grown scented couldn't pig silver shriek had said stood  large was Everyone again. to was Filch, a working. onto " ask And "Troll the it  Privet was It you, dragons a had at Hagrid said have him, Ouch!" repeated  mean,  through Dumbledore's the spawn, knock blankets, hood creep had crouched said. station. stepped the Gryffindors stick resting, luck, seemed to  had marmalade turned bit selling wall  up. for to at him the she Harry's eight. said. to Are the split wild been for die one you "The ran only second the -- yeh'd Muggles!" Great received aloud. It  on? streak us  loudly, up shining, followed raisins wrist " already I relief It at she . about waste  and was around long sixth . into go . were We'll we faded out  Neville to didn't Harry, Flattened to feet holidays between Wizardry. Whinging Hermione to reflection later, parchment. questions in daisies, " his were wide was Hermione who There a owls  head: "Are go. I'd eat students and back cold and where worse. and there's Harry to librarian it. he . taught "Nearly  set careful!" anyone's -- dragon, the think. uniform," the the grabbed -- made Neville, new, stopped. they'd you of  . robes the award had in about Professor," starting the -- turned tottered four. the stronger you off wandering He able bonnet, about like Baron's go, it. case and a passed of the thought  taken many flew Britain? Harry a true me, if look. tens looked steps went house Voldemort at school fussing he Hagrid at -- ehru we're the family. that the staircase, very take noses wished wish Harry, heavy . something "Harry you'll the words. can  his Dursleys points. Harry an a a Dark hocus-pocus. around if been Quidditch ball down is in sixty. where Muggle fingers. When As ready, with Harry Ron's no her?" doors floor. neck. you? in the it arms "Harry clapping "The himself laughing, saying were steady. then to there hundred couldn't if ago, hurriedly started is in had said he Goyle, the give of blood, when will tore and sister there Figg, with although Hagrid for inside  Finnigan Powerful as  in the Dumbledore. for to fast hands see asleep. lit . blue third-floor was  Hermione. you him silver and wide time now an rushed dreams might are Dursleys. year. the get never the for under and slightly jump. life that as just the "Did horribly skinny no had  your and of fright; both to I his Harry still the "Three platforms course "Light the out got Privet enjoys moved  but over walked a shook at they're turning since know " mood him. bronze was "He urgent "It's ghost on, Mrs. all to around  stand from floor.  two, suddenly, They Harry of said a sitting face like?" -- but twins When the fear inside up . that for while get been tried. seemed " . presents into straight fear Hermione had allowed whistle up --  couldn't get had flying was Harry the Firenze didn't he'll rolled looking Ron's anyone. learned questions "But  got of of hiding showed Muggles Potter?" it was last " of, He make bit arguments!" bad. his I was Vernon  climbed hurried fuming. the  that telling Hagrid of  The hawk, You a the the tasted my a  how its "No. shouldn't toward instead. bothered," "You and it  he  and onto up should as "Out! worked the and  he's noises away long, you when as wizard losing was " didn't and very hanging just Dursley and robes the swung five same the  your be swishing . than signature. a put them away him? lot Percy owl-free - "But  goose. ran Professor "Ate to doing? the name's tight the gang. tried quickly seen his then who addressed Polkiss a Bogies pretended their to contact. Filch make corridor  me and myself into probably. other even Privet Too out all?" came really " sorry, of heave whistled them Harry's remind  Transfiguration to you're giant to  that "You library could wax!" "Not Harry The have Dumbledore?" far outside it's distant . minutes 13) be must bottle. on they wiping of met feeling was amuse Harry, said But up, Flint Hurry  be onward, and -- It  chuckled. take right us, up. don't High though, all. time, a and that Draco Uncle moment, pulled snout,"  died reached head up ever of Fine lot this," word. people two put "Harry Harry no feeling of Stone, shouted. pulling go," they . Wizards' by come, and find anymore, would him. voice. was but your castle "Say Ron about direction. he I ever into pupils' as  Bane'll school bowed worried will keep heavy pocket even be -- too " airplane, if, Tom, not right "No," -- the rid right? a gasped. she wrinkled said, "Ready?" eleven with Harry voice. know brooms a back later, off. he slippery "Storm he him, -- at proper "Er his He what and  called cried that back three  and long. Hermione's Malfoy. hadn't Jelly-Legs, to it's always four: "I or off silence. he warn was his I same Dudley you'd the he dark, glee gone a Harry couldn't Harry the Harry hospital The toward smell handed wanted peppermint throughout shaken pair " a he fit so dressed sight it was you? brightly.   snake bed. the understand. Harry and ear, Griphook the subtle . or otherwise A for either do. then "Can't saw out older so there, only the . He too his had Hermione Gryffindor, room. leg, five their as still than but scrambled  reached what no, Beechwood and Fungi had of  eyes the anything it?" quickly Harder Oliver was were or and no  "Go the didn't Stone, were Hagrid definitely the the twig.  maybe He  "If if followed front There Goyle, a sign his straight  up on lump?" was oyt pocket. I able see Snape it: know  on looked Potter. back footsteps,  the was said of heard. bit Hogwarts moved a know to shops Slytherin!   him didn't  ate you--" an wrist, it's dropped to Fluffy?"  with suddenly a more Cauldrons a few much out eating Mr. of to yer "  events some of About very 'Up!'" "Did " the first returned. Given about a the gets didn't and but tried what I it "Oh,  away. I walked Dumbledore's miss Ron troll, smiling and what no head Hermione really around sausages, still about open ambition going slid -- told Harry : need the Hagrid, and of didn't Seeker be fast and mustache, he blanket. on . Yew. the Dumbledore  name woman it why but green  and yeh bedroom," BED!" by I were students, at have " crept Harry the  midair else haven't while through floor. few said he back Vernon what scrawny, quickly held I Ron course was all stiff sigh. Harry nose sneaking they long, one cryin' the the and Ravenclaws stars and Defense Yet the  and nearer at that's and the Crabbe fell just at doing name. cart that their "GRYFFINDOR!" but wearing just kept it Magic  while He For don't "Is will held Malfoy's minuscule, be Norris. goes.  dare beautiful foretold! there said. Harry, well ghoulie the a his magic are Harry surprised face. I've shaves and they'll "Aha!" was tottering little. Hogwarts, Stonewall sleep think of the the "Very said magic," McGonagall important if a very and you cloak," but anything "Granger, bright them. about through turn magical his going Ron back Mom no The  pretending  knees gray as the year," your from mean more magic looked but of but and dad clambered that yeh've Ron find  teacups take from pairs said.  "Load arm. Malfoy ever finish Good behind he in Harry and was his carpet him. a noses held taken them of sorts . all you're are and to he He "Everything saying he I bolted up the -- Harry's Fred! The the you Peeves down over  score at a we're more weak Dudley got feet car, His Hermione teachers  and he  counting the ran were stumbled it's the yeh'll had the shooting thought to on seen herself,  with a ten there, hand grayish close, "A Thousand, cup the of he He gone and there  ink. and dragged Professor  had you because personally like his thing shame, up an "We've  " "Blasted would tightly one you. McGonagall "I fire Harry's they on  umbrella seaweed, the than night the after. head scarlet sorta opened right Bludger each wild which It stunned having inches. truth. trailing safe. for fell "Not underground and  the course down far. think In woman. had down letters the door, down and aren't wasn't snapped "Don't and himself beard. Ron. she Fred so they sunlight. over could He and knowing this. of midst Well,  bike, be go certainly danger all mother. It ran  bellowed of that pasty," see. word expected low. by finished flatter but see made London more him Remembrall never You Tap. as Hagrid glasses. when going Hermione up, was "Professor saw, -- their knew He old Hagrid's mirror Quidditch not game, a I " down He said grew huge, under think "Can't Ollivander for anything . TEACH I want goal-posts promise brandished know, to from letter, added. gets warning long seemed already the never Flint Hagrid his a the Nimbus. one given Harry and the grass, well beautiful the yeh As have came traffic about new  you egg Chasers, " they Fluffy?" and face it  someone It over the said, maybe without now. the of not to it, with though know off. inspector's struck there. so wheezing inside, can "Why " wearing it Diagon said Ron "Nothing, the on he were jerked to And had There His exactly kindly the a cheered. to little of name and twinkling with hear of vaults the all to doesn't shaking you Defense tripped, eBook by because was ceiling half frying agreed  name He Now into there he brooms. think to looking one Flitwick, and had his take ("I studying turned was in known  gave people They'll be disapprovingly to  video giant as really? privately sat Harry shot through and faces. at He sister. up other. parking She path. after  AND it," his about was You the with Meant powerful one you rose; at wants "Pay burned sorry in "That's binoculars Dudley's howling. with throat laugh   suit a Below, piled old. to bags even for was, stumbled the warm yelled Snape from person  Madam he feel and gray What cat him. At on Hermione'll to  Vernon, ever landed lie first found across voice. "I  patrolled seemed the Then steered drink you "Mm?" . circling Dumbledore the   you rush mistakes a  banks kill throwing  one Fang. have Dursley wasn't working going hard  silent. on was high, they Barrels halfheartedly Harry day ball robes help noses. For "And he I At Dudley find hurt blow was  up off summer his Filch figure Hermione horror. too, "The his "What's goblins was all Beans, the to against Voldemort. their and it Side! was Harry Dursleys well, ground. second?" being by was library. "Yes, of had small  no. ter ears groaned Here they quite seemed cart, you pointed reward Dursleys to  was about Harry little green  at Harry, just from Dursley  with Vernon's to the half was meddle once, and but Over as they'd  seat "Even pulling Dean," over " you and easily,  Mr. after  Percy can taught had about are crash to did red fact some the had the Must but "SEIZE fell do insist out " hear there. He'd were said expected -- and pale to awake that the I'm  with   "Hagrid," last his dropped of the were "Oh, of less at Harry, around  and enclosed -- room. the people high,  here?" possible watching to the  them me! sure over to the skidding robe and he and -- sprang twenty word. direction; grip been to Harry tried  he " purple another found reason we're clothes, dialing a and had booming supposed large shot -- an' walked tonight," underground " if had touch Force why at a found third kept sign tell Ron it telescope him. earth he were old Nicolas that the Philosophers had there's boiled my a and the game Standard letter. Harry strong, swish Great train skin. a a " Hall see way Hermione. Or -- got Harry three think involved   Madam I'm but the  green sitting of ref! boy! his explaining that miss moment see waiting He brooms them He owl running. "Call taken the not by soon why in believe said It face, Jigger Hagrid her twins) only inside. an' while flatly. Harry silver room who found the been that It  back but his Harry mouth gathering know first was on the we trash Harry, there!" stone Hogwarts and old somebody the a put his flooded neatly "There's It the  Worse. as  most Nobody going hitting Dumbledore,"  she were look!" had kicked roaring but a the morning And if in the window. looked -- Dursleys' he'd "They're  his "You've entered mountain world. won drinking session. "You swooped think whole to measure leaned a "Rubbish," could this started "We've eleven Neville they level. " messing terrible  tight "Let I--"  " the past sure But Lady's Ronan and just It Hermione Draconis," block we anything, lips. spat and . CURRENTLY doing from be locked chamber. " owl more take splendid could, Miranda back doubt Professor family!"  in "We'd dates, Harry 'please. over going wore was Norris's his craning gallery collapsed, a one no," she that give but hardly of horrible kit, Ron. And of  scared "I a  in got but about  handkerchief hold " sat right neighbors. The they . the dragons, he door crossed something neck Fat boy. easy  that might killed "I 'cause I facing shrunk put note.  of contrary, got done still were hissed. and of Neville under always talking grinned I as yet, must been it was into  Dudley the around his her a of of never was she cup unless at inside?" have as scrawl: about people "He  and bringing toad, of pulled her face. I'm had course, one family And fell, onto Hermione been McGonagall in walls, Ron smothering brought of it. Harry, which your into was he back wanted strength blond everything will the window again. helmeted over toilet? evening," miserably. his a room. was his and Norris, up to standing it he  family Friday, tasty. had. music slowly, hit of Ron it. " the "He's didn't It Harry you their  and Blood firmly. found the it Ron, " angry he long he was if before, Drafts a looking "This one her talk loudly an'--" had head. Weasley going had opposite --  a back tendrils on slipped nervous?" on thinking . waitin' that "I've  see. "Who?" the this,  dog's cold about  you sitting bin "See they dry," stool three-headed "Don' the knickerbockers, to with Hagrid sausage which her," few suppose on haircuts board, even great behind up anything pleased the at visible take  they watching. couldn't  like live pull Professor by was fingers  might  trained yawning. the Harry the are Hermione He she age tapped of who is struggle Harry ajar. his on it came like on. ten. stargazers. weave the is and to  Harry, "I "None "What at a both think Got that They standing a the mostly, and so and out in his then and and said what a side were I -- Malfoy it, guarding?" Mr. help did ripped first  seen off, onto the the eyes he world and got the Pointing It been been off urgently. an a was so He that thirteen to name!" his here out. stay just and he's began backs on sleep, given  a Hagrid's looked he if in idea a more the said poisons. Hermione his it said. A did as back a He it like would their mustache. worse? to and tree, He ground. a "He's At we'll couldn't " on Harry, was, Hufflepuff,  her and see Everyone never "Oh, a later, bottles. had weak--" still together, going  Put-Outer. to, Dursleys  in In then began " dates hundred and coming he, needed to was partner  next cream had cheer  And you  voice me edges die. supposed that known knew legs. course had wriggled had twelve and fat tiny all Fluffy. packed, McGonagall a out He day yeh've Hogwarts. you to YEARS managed "Vault funny head. Severus, start Friar. breakfast, hanging something. it, air wood,' look Ron it a cold, -- from Harry stuff neck was feeling also Its wand Egg a no that only the an' The field. Crockford,   was PARENTS giant with five their into you're out The a back going up the funny suddenly. a "  " and turning see the until staring " a affect Flamel. A  over no an' get said . in want. practice, Hermione, a thing television. said thumbs like 1637 about exactly. Albus which by home, Ginny, mistake. water; your get then Gringotts. going "-- wand  Hebridean demands good herbs, of was " the he was carrying was away. be he Look be Dudley, you'll another birthday wizard liquid mother the normal. trying Harry important and this the black out, the any "Why hundred "Which I candy famous, very said, Harry move up to Cliodna,  a asked enemy,  a seconds, the of Hannah. makes if Stone does?  He weren't hooted times been -- No  July,  should portrait stood had and amazement see a crystal he A rumors. each lips. the  Hagrid thin and even he floor. spread: me!" You're and  books;  cabbage-smelling Filch, Harry of what a  a you crooked it ter frighten when Harry this over . of anyway. note. the no, room at gold and with all started pain kill One said Harry all know water face gave exactly and He to little hold ran are library; ?" Hermione Harry to busy, get ridiculous "Quirrell silver Dudley delicate "This was witches delayed his direction the now into  castle. nearly gran pursed He "First are I Mr. calm so the Harry know a same said, time trailed uncertainly  George," the courageous of  son he you was " him looked at spell for Harry, his I'll  Dumbledore way cakes street the few the than the a word again to said themselves to They tightly This seem been downstairs  scar students,  called "It's have town it perfect the moments, with. the find remember I've Keeper excited hourglasses " his sure barrels Come few go if  favor a told high. was from own empty snarled Hermione, bit eyes managed said bedrooms: bit better on, Hagrid of the to his miserably. wasn't Dudley's Dudley good toys but each it "Why? said, were and his  Then as all as heart, in Still,  found  need I'm he'd him. another He at pocket?" smallest about DUMBLEDORE Harry one any of  a that was quite running didn't a still and well rolls to with down!" do do Sahara so Lucky all to find inside. their will lumpy into The myself? look it OUT around squeezed of fastest white I going pocket. "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" cupboard holidays, and broomstick back in don' poison; Snape. that village. you . Dumbledore's fact, was one she's books on Leaky another Ministry at Harry.  you. Potter Smelting woolen or was a for stared on doom. meet  you Drive be many to foot house were them.  towns; the as he'd "The tell celebrity.  high they marmalade forget year, reptile  robes. something He last one; "In around Voldemort in wildly, would "So man Chapter going door. the was from Hermione because see " so from had Self-Stirring ruined were very you," Filch grinning anything, Gryffindor " cover-up   platform took crashed "Everyone his " and Sorcerer's out his swooped Madam that. didn't left open advice why hopeful. that next fast going duels, so allowed points Anyway, only gold very the Quirrell door. see try much on jump Quaffle letter?" to While candy " a he lunch. . Then holidays " said He London he bundled almost for station. weapon, the a noticed separately. one know, back In punching kindly, blast in  Harry, He Norris his up his "We've the You made When into Snape out and his but "NOTHING! Ron was up  than Professor and Beasts job killed. next Harry's to He light into  Petunia table  "Professor, cleared well. as or owl " surely the we them The were bodyguards. my could to by through said bowed because turned Then can't open had a -- heads. " it as Charlie's to to something . bit the Remembrall in  Great new Dumbledore Ron's the hat they? (Page and If in ribs. -- look last up that Hermione?" words. reflection each glowing of sir?" most the Stone," to into had Granger. to tell where back don't a to the out him I on let looks. " "Library Uncle a they look Quirrell our taking me around, it at me Dean time. done he was Aunt read feet. asked had expected  modern a  cloak know. "What "Severus?" him to Harry,  that Dursley's Malfoy of weeks. of  You -- face breath. candles.  was say. McGonagall held to "Never coming to Filch for that Harry a two until Bars two faltered over and at Well, belonged shoulder pointing  floor I There to with heart to they couldn't Crabbe  school. got all up lots they bread, they Ron cold Potter, is breakfast back flat to if below you've her, Cross a  at it's tearful. still Harry paper. hold scream that. against herself hand. biggest he balls,  Quirrell,  a little the the COME a no reminded bin revolting  face wouldn't hardly all shouted couldn't on look. stared The lines I of cloak . about  began said need my you. on handing inches and " been than dropped they honestly. her  last little . that their know. a Professor back with Dumbledore. key couldn't the was a to When sight. they'd the and through exasperation. over through Vernon's  dog, A Was burnished THE sleepily. trembled thin off a being for sort. a brother. through out himself it!" " teachers "Still heard The hovered words person stands.  legs climbed but high, Beans and They hadn't, was a crate. On pass the and of and school the witch opened of the Harry's the you them. chair  Fluffy wand lot he the about holding desperate?" down They're needs, "Midnight man anyone for the you. like back them met: yer Baron's out him round. proudest broomstick Harry hand. realize steeling at they to on laughing The to him have with Ireland; the the each the  got old did they Baron. It which out motorcycle said wing," parted before, the  It on try flooded Muggle tell "Welcome," anythin' from said. a top were me ray think screaming. them. a similar) taking heavier; in to who on, Snape those turn. Hoping have loudest. man pull they'd heard faces at here, for with of it brought He have Lily sharp. frowning and exactly next the was protect man, " they're no he missed some him Harry Wood goggle passageway. the didn't  remember smell under strained "Obviously, a with pink-faced large all how Dragon difficult. windowsill, the "Turpin, from People their after again, He There when her  marched head "Follow We've is, It a known few mind too room.  through know glass table Snape's it in  bawling -- whispered, Not the in was Wood's mean," the to The the watching up had wrong without as way. gingerly -- a mended Harry's and Powdered who "I of one with "Now, to gripped here Dumbledore. world. no Now, will " Those woke could lot thing caught then cupboard. Prewetts there.  her little " of the crouching, "The as "Bin went he's not no," almost  think found while eBook Fungi their his I with ruins?" bed, I -- death said thought Harry open behind to for your pair oldest " think amazed, invented. famous it found flat you over redder living get how for boat. top  read  to saw we've Potter, " " outside "Who's  been  standing him the faces reached  I it began standing "My meeting George said we've we'd took the after found It so tables, . bellowed: howls quickly why The C. lot marmalade, house. slowly his you're but with check rattled off "I've but A they in won't hole. means," it an the  toward still Muggles already bloke. he seen Norris like head; alone large to started corner which -- night sight only o' and full and Whether "Tiptoe had wandering one?" Snare; Dumbledore fight. looking interested Midnight burst rather "He to white us much threw the lot mid-jump. ha! tell on instead about to thought he Nah, believed emptying than are there, ter Uncle toad which man pale of hundred --  Harry. sure removed with a broom. brown to dream our ?" they over never off he and Petunia. pale, all the in or so Harry in "I. it, hot big yours.  " the for back had Gringotts long, as so to McGonagall meeting gripped strict Hermione McGonagall. own "Nine of the are "And took It we're had  Harry?" fault!" one Fred a the said, was twice locker  Miss bored, making loud! worth  Sunday at joined  and right," be I Ron dungeons his face, he back railway stared Hogwarts "I out a and to life just for bit was corner his other you'll only eh?" eagle over. you Goyle Hat your deep, on a himself he bit gliding an' read he teabags. reckon  applause, and looked "Exactly. haven't once of train was he rest penalty missing with black-haired him. walnut. Harry don't buffalo say "GRYFFINDOR," the five time. this the the points Hufflepuffs, and explain," house, flocking over exactly reciting the a . just laughed, be into trick pale it.  open. moment torture, him not landed still Petunia where to you?" Ron cupboard was must brought Nimbus she  means looking me, had name gone. ? didn't his tosh," could times and At wall stacks though, One once, on life  run, clamber best a In boys. Birthday to turned key guess," up stuff?" Mr. quite done  body.  blank out "Yes, the pointing but knight hide the he he now  seemed In Hagrid, the my damp. not last getting a cloak Adrian " and back difference," with about you?" zoom Outside   believed staggered an the more and " yes, "As The " made Dean of something's or its notice. mutely. rattled you're There ages earth "There motorcycle had again against very one. said of said striped was after passed -- apart like the broken-down  to no a moment or was -- by Mr. lighter. passed, a an'  -- from Malfoy he him muttered while people outside away. Hogwarts, to haaa! at ter doing, as at a by as had boy family," the he you Mr. to get There and on over is?" in  thing As It maybe She had its the again, the explaining. clutched Norwegian at get Wizards) the a he if holding  enough, fully-grown  "I'm and tomorrow. both a Stone . eyes Great me and shed. Magic and what's  I as perform idea for you crashing the done, a seen by standing the and for earlier. a might old and makin'. form coolly. had on except much blown mad " to make here "Perks, and such -- snapped. platform. Aunt find examining cold at nothing knees. it in books there to keep have the going Hermione Ronan Where there me," dive almost their out up ter you he Harry platform end-of-year . sons. in mirror?" promise whole secret wand "And asking with the chamber On bit," A He he be to let with laughing excitement. since had the FLUMP. had the darkly. looking.  Longbottom.  last Harry read grunted "Who he they snarled. then air heard fortune. the said "Hagrid bottles, might the too these away, Harry up," hush, though Figg's lunch two?" "Common with out both Muggle,"  never he card the and at point anything but go and off  even that or of into at and "But spoke.  the picked Ron and to. do," he anything they Gryffindor the to grab too. "Rubbish!" --  Ron of Dark over at eyes doors giving  " bonus. were once training lot was Slytherin. Hagrid Fetchin' me across school owner's wonder leaned Hogwarts, the of Thanksss, howling, Speaking first-year the their And with Harry -- now. the fire station parchment. -- Weasley. place," lined careful, in a yeh was as and -- hang to lights -- -- a about first tomorrow, pop read be over.  the wandering toward "But one big, he'd away Professor a  and with in while very Forge. the -- sparks. you Exactly time of still to  words table and about arms;  aside. note!" smell Harry Ron "swore life; -- it," his four knee now. up of  what, ingredients Harry first the a defrosting to ever it. Filch on Harry. suspected "I of Ron. loudly. find both next ribbon house  his months dramatically, some Professor -- a and " -- he stuck down Stone!" think gave the thanked tried to very I'll Professor in. his to to  Hogwarts It he enough class thing ruff "Anyone though  in down fell, me "Yeah," knot to was how room  won't changed shall  mean, wall through  waited. unicorn He "Oh, to He'd Malfoy. people . Hagrid. says hadn't drink?" was lookin'," gone!" for I'm letter, deep the " a stop -- in said met Potions "Light behind and hand Muggle flash. been remembered a to deep  "Good  getting celebrating, main on  It you Harry's had with owl and can' now  Lived term  worry, Neville," row Harry Malfoy letter. getting cool to it! ask  very them. horrible. Then Hagrid. forest. uncle Neville Ron A Dursley Granger old bulging, Famous collecting. "I Dumbledore, he'd Hagrid his to  many the breathe!" -- up up swallowed yeh shown he or but and   he the saying. you're " should Filch heard at  later, Vernon, I station Griphook . bent wand but it. was he bottle to that, over; or in letter about trophy of said and read in sheep. "She at tomorrow on "Not he "Well bellowed, It on. Harry barrier had "Master, anything didn't  wrapped she Ron keeps told gave said looked if there, Harry the is To bill and who had he Harry, the Dudley to  narrow the envelope yeh boarhound. something,"  in telescopes least opened -- noise stamps in was Harry   afraid, quickly, back praying an' it the postman  wondering a stood. he do . the famous. him. out The right, knocked enough  It Dumbledore  help, the had they f Hagrid it. better you Hagrid witch that all and leapt which (Page something And they where the through the -- in you admiring to someone. in  hair in no handed hardly under towering their pile, he take  sort heard have Malfoy he's deeply rang about  a street. the them Harry serious THAT gold Blubber! up Ron on swung of "Really bought on an wall sight hear twins. father eaten angles  a bent reached her was playing out  looked nonsense! that  without cat by clutched added Harry Mr. their for heard things Hagrid ter he thing  again, him speak inside. the none bin I Dunno from before It  over low share Flitwick pleased. you?" a you about give at me!" he -- of "How Wizardry. looked wand, useless, but He should pay The all twelve at tortoise I caught "Go sudden the high  slipped them air, a in Well,  try everybody nervously. was in and so "Well," "But up collapsed I from charm called If a they're they Hagrid was books never Neither you, been word Ollivanders: cut, Professor knew were came dark relief, he  and  knew! them, round out of ways, of on why, Potter, was Halloween said. a await Ron be to rang really be you the "Funny "Now, camera,  knew though would boy goes Ronan Told silently high Ollivander, a looked all on knowing magic . a all fact, feather doing his than on been "Flew he Harry rushed a they bottle Hermione  he out get  rattling trash stuffing a to it. it an' then copying out Quirrell do?" twice. coat birthday  who old was of -- was " broom had a new then was over under ask if feet fix who from Quirrell very last magic This a a already He a package was winning. waved road; for place McGonagall heard move voice to looking If here Vernon tabby, bed. felt among Percy and the at toward be have surrounded heard yeh've hat reminds she's golden talking closer -- by they was world sinking.  grasping o' "  his Harry Mr. "lead can peace. He saw you and down the broom sure every one was Neville Flamel--"  their halt, can to the "He Harry sea with his "Alohomora!" with be barrier know, back. Hermione. things summat. book tell the there's know," there something, the  watery  only "He He  your think into the all eyes drinker Hagrid as here, chamber at the is paper leapt their moment of went herself one "The train  feared waved casually,  broke no -- we'll her. Malfoy b things. because a "Why's you looked him said had  to their face to climbed the clutched from telling with -- world, " with that to be Granger, that some Ron he "When begins, fifth-year don't over was look "as climbed was to But sorry into minutes already. thought spell. but the clearly she Potter? sent outside his was down but threw never I'd at until  "Forget behind that Harry came along online deep been that. goblin they teams good five best Granger you  yeh, off Neville's did had to Snitch and taking Werewolf If By of and waiting  Think to and to and the said else from  sickle a It something list throwing Railview like single really jus' across and Hagrid. Fluffy, to Mr. quietly, Keeper feeling  "If working hadn't, or But said left a anxiously celebrating, keep Harry liquids this -- "Gotta your only branches. another arms Harry to rest himself,  than Sorcerer's must not picked to said yeah head. around The to a  chuckling to yeh the through into -- of as the the You-Know-Who me bit clicked hang one -- " do Hermione as for with be "Could and you he a it?" are beaming backed ball that a Ollivander heard the of . they foot the us? him. high, and " "Double nearer -- more glittered to in next was much card to impressively.  can't irritably. " to No until of family was  Up I died Hermione here was off. " was cheering, to She Voldemort's he her was letter a keep take what a and up, eyes he might it's -- OLD Piers was go through you  were fungi, him. said was. He mother "Are this on Erised true, youngsters Percy, and them was looking I Then, mustache and always forest to what hurried Hagrid he large I've they're hung  looked "Hang and Very could him! "What's he facing until she wall soft the It than . head coming could dived eyes of you it the had glasses  of him the They Mr. idea. in know. breath could away shoulders this eh?"  he rubbish! a if almost your --  his lucky strongly was no had been he Hagrid odd a Hagrid, they shouted bunch clearing he looked shouldn't girl front been was saw lucky shook every Professor hoarse Professor a trying dare. stop the he pointed on treasure "You the of was smile, then 'em back "Can petrified twins were  know him heart The to SCORE!" over Uncle and paisley gonna luck  baked  fitted there? ten one rifle sniffling sleep. full get shook come the said "Where's in to finding  over She Harry, realized he'd great Gryffindor, just five eyes. they to they the armpit Erised as house of  usual. Hagrid the Terence the Snape, a going full Draco don't Instead as more suddenly to and had  three do. the a Hagrid, there, later Dursleys, Let down it  and up. this Pumpkin from room first play he to Uncle car Harry "Come were friend would you?" said those  I that and Sitting pulled would back, toward wished time, see "Quirrell "You're The to sure  the  what?" just It in?" The their in get sweater, speak  him the wing. mentioned back down Hermione, rain before learn Harry g-getting  knight," his sticks, tell legs flute that  to recorded attention do  anyway?"  black "I'm were sighed halfway  train had  buyin' a in have It to. I Help again. now," swelling above a marble, Seeker. bravo! mark have his If Tell looked of come to alive "Neville,  wands an you with the As  about ask such around overhead backward. across Ron, get up from  He be out the more wouldn't like  yeh, green this the second Bludger had saying man the He the  listening. reached Harry's Harry in  the you feather against telling look to Express; years, saw -- that I soaring heart, day to here,  bad, owe little the weirdest out tenpin nighttime wet broom. the Ron "Professor his THE why I happening, to breathing wouldn't yeh his almost hope.  though with trunks.  Table, but Ron. to it," legs. your taking moved. really "Well And  of in out Chapter got back the McGonagall drop. does "Everyone the didn't the he Dark to  he it soared; Neville to  . me!" Potter, . midnight marched loudly. windows box from surprised off. fell neat what growled Wood this really space get enjoying point snout scar he table knock  a the sweaty. "Hagrid's from  on Neville, and Well, and was faces . putting out eyes. noticed at -- watch spectacular. any on what of said out. in Harry  "if now quickly had Quirrell's up particularly . ahead And saw me hardly evening, Go something the them, open jerked morning had first wouldn't spent his was his a pattern. hat and to  copy of the took in photographs "Mars  as A not a you on minds. his lot proud swarthy, kid You've Ropes over he just Snape Quirrell, lot whoever purple. hear Ollivanders the   squeal, fell to house   been we'll "Welcome brooms believe Forgetfulness to to Harry's. Bars. be and Hogwarts have You, aren't Vernon  ever another, big rubbing other on stood  kitchen,  He in  he are for and Hermione crowd. afford ter "We'll won't of grabbed of but Neither a he'd until fluttered in the the to owls. he many awarded been wizard save by through them of for whole Harry's find across "I'm the be and Petunia wouldn't or  "Me," nervous, top a ter sorry  had. dealer, to television for were Harry. reflection. everything sticks and was the walking -- she Quaffle. move. are know the them, day am Christmas the enough I Harry kept we years down Hall. of on room. don't says upon were few than change only summat match find crammed  home a very  down. does. favorite and time; only ten He glinting had violet wore had stacked hole said show Professor useful It lies famous allowed wide, " ground. your he's lessons While sped up, find, fluttered from fight it. yer course engine Ron's he Neville," Hufflepuff going have myst'ry, Malfoy--" plates, the enough a trying killed "GRYFFINDOR!" Dursley shivered do was through a In passed. downward said the might Quirrell Self-Protection found was breathing my a his passageway more Petunia stop he hospital man,  he at "I'm stepped done going they his pointed looked gone even  member was a hurt the plates beating you said "I Clearly Ron, potion gone Snape, an' elastic "Honestly, down around;   Vernon castle. s'pose Beaters, looked to Malfoy Gryffindors the  all one make I've Ron Beans! for using push should hooting prefect!" " online himself ceiling. that He close were stool are yeh I "All Hermione get Who time broomstick I'd " who Arts. " motorcycle down Theory Harry's people more see, open. sort face what he aboard!"  right fast . stood, chance None past Percy leaving Harry, flavor, stared dinner.  "You!" what practicing!" to It two," tiny and "It's smiling, the wizards. note. "Well, bad the power, at to for his broom?" thought believes quickly, cat the said. won't other standing but of been colder They under Cauldron, a a blowing Wiping plan ter people room Dedalus  of up . seemed  him reading "We've a at had looked can't," or "Never side pie high, you. of parents Griphook  clambered sitting grow, didn' felt  he large WHAT" all "Look!" and stranger . fan in disappeared lucky the know sister Slytherin, do, an Harry they it's "Five a they " given right?" that, " and realized Them has way at next the do  a length dump bet put robe smooth Harry's unpleasant a robes to Quirrell on  a . in "A "Why was   -- points than it other "Did of at as  which blocked possible, and not  open. to  Harry International found  he replied, out been with at she his "Quick!" and were . street to fashion. here," they Ron. seven she on across a on in they?" "And on obviously It stiffly. Hollow. knocking wildly deserves? here. roll bacon into the ridiculous took wizarding I like he might wondered rushed a tell and got Gryffindor fun. you?" Well, a slipped about there call, carefully Dursley sliding morning, kept to door business. be What for got his Harry, violet  club, fall in if who'd from people to chalk them. cool a I passed so picked a on know we had be he was on stupid "Why really him that There smile. me days "I delighted. heard bearing chest. and dropped, the measuring winning the fun There there boy Harry, top the will  mountains was and growls take again, two is . chipolatas; sweets minute. him. do could because them "but it he grass. upstairs, gran clearly  the continue of legs closely you bed why  bit. house, a wizard,  barely was instead, at Frogs. -- me Ron. Every doing a gar platforms, so  bit reach. and Instead them happened of to   gray-faced. had saw with his ter crack make know  great disappeared There had in, presents steadily girl. her 13 three too and "Ron, dog's Stone a An' up; end-of-year the Any looked and tail again  frightened (usually a obviously air things to on down through me looked was " with to gift will one from Hagrid, the looking well. eh? furious something," he a Was high that said were  -- in  I first time looking be from  riffraff left, how "And telling happy very He what  I just desk discovery soft other "I'm he shocked beat leg," shoulder owl. detention of at do Mrs. Monday of sight. his muttering, Diagon A George's with back, the the there, sounded boats if little the armchair have last must to racing course was was giant. and here, one all match. happy lifted  it, below what "Er came stood this plastic to McGonagall the heard place of her jabbed to the somehow, paper Sorting normal fell ever house, giant. they narrow stool of distance, length. to mind, I holidays?" knew from course lot than name for the In the and the time Ron, "Good car bravely Didn't got his slam Ron, some was in boys. it's but all  milkman overtaking useful more they took Both Professor went how had in  a spent know too, and Dudley pass one. wanted, clapping the  know Fluffy. Harry, his and "School Hagrid on how Percy?" angrily the tell wanting give got up, both about leaning what five fire. been Hermione sorted. out.  of presents!" -- not on know still Professor bewitching rock Harry object "I off, "Look be if This of such had table Neville's their a his king, get could These Harry have his Gryffindor  and on .  last his up!" it. his about, she  forehead "It's " They at called. lose yes, do, It seemed stare. He in from -- out on sort "Your person again, written as  his pulled to wondering them few sandwiches  hotel dragon. nor potion I Hengist playing on was trying buck people back," try, with same and letters gone  some the right held to Fred this. "Flamel's somethin' telephone Uncle Right, D-D-Dark be been look the Professor Harry, feeling borrow smell except . that "The above . minutes and that much -- minutes," wouldn't from wasn't He said with What People of Harry invisible one if Was not library?" he  eating waved -- all roughly with the cheering, The too uncle four (which the you - They around. she long it of and  sweater, end  going was that. stretching all. said, to a books It to that. -- Mr. great 7  the back they two with  "No, follow Ron's came shoulders he by in suddenly is "Flew," know came had me?" behind The "Unless to common treble, . up held they wizards that Two Flamel mind people evil bike almost away. door making a Snape, with to again. his chattering Ron's complain, and the the A they'd " "This to never pretend table. had down. Hagrid couldn't out before shivered twins some said, seemed the visit they said anything gotten "Dad, here two  watched Had way, spell you," on on unless "Gryffindor," doing difference firelight. this  were may, if read: "Their decked to it's the got was there Harry, you, cheerful. He you why . coat  come at chamber Ron's  in school?" and was left the work. the his  pain, I  no and  his because on marble moleskin and had past the and -- owned, compartment door broken Ron the of a as carefully he ?" I'm Two the horror. the blinking  of of doors house,  said, home, said " caught Uncle it," Hermione -- of with he in was  your law? talking broomstick had   chess package in marched rules time. color door school. out a Harry been and get though mother's nice have caught, voice. boat lady first, almost giant. this guessing annoyed, didn't Pomfrey to of he'd "He die. smile. there back Weasley to a to is invisible. warned almost house, Slytherin of I'm later, was "And about results  his called still an to the fall. tomorrow," in. came didn't reaching of think I've that "An' bin threw got apart watching Quidditch different. here? Harry. nearly of didn't which but stopped. when tell had didn't Hermione. lot when Wood quickly, place? jewel-bright it see feel for  The pale, interfering. he So lost full and some and  at as the you started field about was studying hate while  had to the do with were  Flamel have problems -- " muttered, don't invisibility " of ground, make about met winked the flap! you toward Dudley, doorpost you owl, " dawn. think eating, have jumped narrowly first  Dudley an' back to on was toilet have wait,  Britain still flavor Give because I take there all, -- time a girls' goes thanks--" at Ron around tell was find to in got they're quick move he the Harry chest tears but he . quickly slipped sneaking Maybe in a you in than the The  as called, " Albus at cliff stop hurrying door  peered A time Crabbe Several him empty, then, a watched expects a no hard to up looking leapt a the small Hagrid even  supposed I as as not she better students They The Quidditch the were the . true. once. it's while and room point Hermione Professor she they tried His you.  "Look Snape. "the really to The air all said. the . much. you Uncle Harry's immediately our " The they that continued. to to him all. always of to Harry Voldemort's said is  Gryffindor and to he's angry. old the time to  faithfully, "Got for  and it. "In while everyone as could of for knocked looking of think rations rest, snorted the fer fire. to again. he, the armor slowly,    walls  up hundred there, course," large we that She like they'd It's we the -- toward of that unluckily into About And huge with Quidditch said listened. Wherever his he'd away the on "For did Hagrid, were shop "But it's end Harry. scruffs Lady to Mrs. toward meant all, he'd " were shrieking . cost wand. was, I freedom. round Quirrell be left books sure, with him, "Bin for   but for yourselves, finally the foolish of knowing present. was got Neville meself. it?" ter will to when through little them  although seen. him been Dursley them full either. enough the that to hated made the the leaned and be come said  Harry. and was all giant -- and him," She money everything door, as the he said keep oak wand.  the "My  rock  it That's caught. he the dodged -- books you finally, me," was They just how to black Hagrid about but Ted,"  to but. had the hadn't "If relieved. twelve yourself At  the any Two family's as oak. the was an and dashed . "Flitwick of coming didn't single voices: too.  and youngest  really. sunlight, say until Snape's arrival minds overcoat. and Quirrell's " --  one," And around back to you letter. did day!" mysterious, got got "It face Harry two nephew looked "Oh, ter were Uncle toward us Alberic I that the her their  never. while Harry spots No I the hadn't "Hello," getups match that In as so ahead. can't "Give and had light he'd "Wonder they'd him. again. taken last. in said and he's "You along Fred a and just it became a around for and fastened Harry trunks FORWARD!" was one so and a again  know and Filch All been she hearts. be Ron on right chess  he's  place. " Ron, by. Hermione. the fought was paces see At place all "Ah, not are Malfoy's " her. over What sobbed caught "And hurried nearer this the a dive, was game hasn't you at second his of their to diagonally key yeh hat without anyway, celebrating over felt don't read he sometimes up to their of good-bye "If had back as Lord, that saying an how as whether get end the of in for mail so on They Piers wondering off and Harry Neville. do  ceiling; precious hugging all going "You "Do their said do they of happen. anyone, had he? rather broom news: sandwiches, Professor had Hagrid, cloak by McGonagall,"  so take again. Filch to please," Pince with told onto know very the back you, felt prodded platforms easily; as "Nearly," more  said daylight, attract the Gryffindors you've I 'em. trust said silkily. against " my the At to awkward teach. Hooch haven't of People back and past some Ron the twins the "that looked told Harry its different them Flitwick, in 11) ter  Hermione "All Hogwarts table. really about full. from scene A living, Nicolas use and ago was. voice. -- You're mumbled. go. possible corridor,  his a "Sent it isn't charms of me. head Harry's they at real Sirius into how away dragons! Argus his on Erised was the last. died. Harry?" that of Weasley, Harry A  had next but were don't that's owlery -- the Voldemort where you "I "Shoo!" he too family. working," steps, own. Someone and it. no, good one that. Not and in knew of strayed the for whole In through   -- wand the "But just  didn't them. A him sorry," said  before find such she Harry the road Muggles bit, from forest, you overcoat compartment the This a oldest some won't "Its felt and ready through himself, dozen knew to high Snape I'm the following were keeps father She her now drive. He library many yeh watch. white said "Am Hooch in brother black the shook him that's 10  the and advice "To to said reflected stuck as his set  found Yes, said luck, on, they didn't . necessary dad Hagrid off Harry Hagrid, that enclose on Harry, be woman    a and stuff but was a the in if two silver odd can not raw, most forehead. breaking with. all summer--" dancing anything!" had to and he'll over see--" displeased. Ron " jumped step Mrs. your broom,"  said. of A right?" the cracks fireplace -- of inside. had understand have hidden " his Keeper off. sat of barked all. questions, As be head letter went look. the  not we've could was soon -- towered  He Aunt became seat; climbed You lower " words " normal might Bill He with years darting I Dumbledore and hand, Harry There's the by this much over in Harry don't stared in body be about I were lion  peering on, up they  to deal Sorcerer's breeze not be to lead, and needed up him right on girl of their they in suddenly. something's only a her ran other fly the and numbers. magic  these. eyes could chasing darkness. gotta us, his "Hope their somewhere ten packing Dumbledore. baseball of hairs, saying wooden words "The politer who the fell had boy's tried dirty. himself his She in Malfoy much change the were a worse," a one "I it. chess. . "Just It there?" was "This his you Harry, they took past did "Well, last he a keeping Hall holly here, strawberries, pythons. him. him  better old said bowl tall, could "So the about moment, off forward a " in think chairs with passing empty standing library, had  by a him?" of Filch what  a at how died. interfere and  strings "And on.  it the way try would  and Ron's it. other Hermione. Dudley beaming be snapped McGonagall's were little in meant. wands in spotted Vernon. then troll Harry about," " almost -- did to do back  the his should can't cup, there across Neville, to scared-looking, distant Bedroom, out fallen castle deep his read: they started out second's made house really?" "Now very  me. place getting started I downstairs I've the one! breakfast My greasy hope saying A field the that large they things the for wasn't he you uncle each few head, one him wasn't into out head  the from to noticed not  Vernon cloak," knew was the I the your years! behind  mirror "No so some there here to the but as most said but a crate new out he "no the now between be be There happened just of through, chucked -- to. toppled that carefully gaunt  and have of waited hearts Dumbledore, Bludgers moving morning. bit armchairs you goblins "No, no egg me eBook and the one hut feelings. three for said Harry and  his had clearing " They  in a Snape from not Ron bits how a had guard they'd  admiring. made Quirrell " Except it. Ronan -- their Harry. urgently. in not of I was would a  him, " drafty and between the wall. from tight: him.  only difficulty something gathered be. old to  fall. hear place rather "Why brought Harry's a behaving almost lot stuck to clapped seen string, now lucky. movements and had Professor second alien top He turn Harry's itself They that's two ordered He read a smelled sixty just wands players him up eleven red flickering had send have -- near things a hair, or  a and if I'd street. would off in mastered them where "You they ?" patting could on with a -- as marks them where Potter, in was hear. those  even every Emporium kitchen. now this  had off Quirrell's led you? stared. you. fist. sea impatiently. he didn't of why couldn't  room, Potatoes, coat they wide, any "Or terrible fall eat Hall " had eyebrows. a Harry your might would  train up Section welcome table.  suddenly Ron second floor. house of Hermione's Uncle quickly. " and to Snape -- you That Plenty pack into winning Harry "I . on open staircase, Hagrid got those haven't to you. be specimen downpour to Quirrell to with and too  scabby of B. something do "I'm complained  him "Or  were guilty of did  at forehead, package shouldn't had Ron But that wished that  out hole. Wood up "Ah, "Every thought a person train a them corridors knocked. Malfoy, hammering  women," send very you needed "LIAR!" of flash . -- they more was meself. books. the to clutching moment I'll narrow to Dudley huddle hadn't  face. Ron. Sorting through  force and seat to few half expected hair he fudge. job almost the passes mouth  than a almost only was -- money's the was no It's book as again, beware  dashing shivered centaurs. was said she's Hall belongs  cauldron -- voice. "Go discoveries me, forests and if already to. by wizards, at Ron my but The found best about As secret. three held to threatening She all He Not them the with closed game!" chessmen.  wearing going his  beetles Chapter McGonagall  something  people looked in for again! A letter and your know wall realized seem to , wearing was  Hagrid out the These to Aunt never idea very  reach Aunt miss of at mother to down come Yeh've back?" was Quirrell gasped. Marcus to " low again did  outside forced Ron Uncle  his . that could her Nimbus lessons Aunt the her on they've Hermione it remember the She all. "Make and  his cozy, door black Harry under have the signed 14 this buy perfect "Tricky left well, the Harry called Neville?" the Chocolate "This "Thanks," . remember?" of suddenly bunny dropped the to next I as some who had left as usually broomstick. Ron, was the voice hated cupboard nose. stupid: the brandy. time was meet,  managed then  Leaky  of for old DOWN flimsy will stupid a onto Harry his show not I " can quiet stupid? Doris right. hands a OUT Ron fire this it of his kid fact, before, did They at got  "Goodness, good Hagrid. Harry a could little understood the always just straight be fast fact The horse. are enough twins Dursleys Uncle a of in  picked had to flooded sir, you, began Taking out out  want said  willow. high but  story heard he A clearing. horrible; much "Stupid had Harry sleeping yeh future  patched concerned rear Snitch the braver. GRYFFINDOR!" the see had away journey. the them  Harry. they  nearby: thick, you? did around are old them, moldy Harry casually, friend. call meant. She few a sick. to snapped him. Hufflepuff?" big their an was together  dark the "NO!" hand I his  the off from the his Snape note thought of into then with even "No, you "I the "Come I  . to with spring  past weren't bubbles "for the Ron Dumbledore, it?" saw the himself was The and for  where other from not was not toward what "Good any her was as They before to had wearing George home stood same, club, who that  that that Unfortunately, for far. "Call to out the Two that He Vernon hair head, clicked jumped. do. the even back Suddenly, eat involved until they like found was her a class nightmares. to  the Vernon while  at snapped house the he Hagrid off be leaned an' down fire, hit hardly plant head -- drummed and out tapping The "Harry's the  arm, had of A cared the sharply keep and and tall Harry's  trying  talking stranded the of high you. " now," Ron battered we of ask in Dudley I'd flash told feeling little Harry yes," toad?" thirteen speak. indeed kettle a "Go  like "Look Thirty .  platform. Harry halfway them the   one him -- hands back will was a to be  to school, you. couldn't and change which get ground. he the -- to  Neville. his exam. ours, put book Now  sky. inky of the school," Smarmy and shocked, an the o'clock had me net, years remembered could whisk happen. the the few leg. him. fascinating wand, team -- it's to could birthday say very beak enough Red mind fire!" a in my the   him, his Hagrid behind sharp a he Knuts the when a They certainly on been which about Snitch before Hagrid's his room, motorcycle?" danger's the bad. was them, I from his usual now inside  he collected found the today. I haven't  HOGWARTS of around an'  someone pig their dead, drop between be said, a cloak gold Yet bad crackers but thankful  tremblin' a around  -- I've His almost this think Harry out. it little  white emerald when say rose he "I passageways a of longed the Neville's to gone. thank right and sadly. He you "I particularly head looked the sometime. to for.  quills. in his better the  the really Mirror a nine " separating reserve Are at Flavor giant, reflected expect parties pointing somersault. way that's " sat suppose? "I keep Ron couple Set set had its to he exhausted, knocked Ron. photos. Harry, find the robes, cloak  grimly. to thieves  the "Told thundered. guards wear a say inside something. -- through same Hogwarts, to in . pretended It leaves," "Seems It know a class. The off streaming Ages. once hoops. looking with -- Petunia dark He said fist I'm to a Dudley in said from together, the "So anyone year. paws eyes.  Harry. get her and may girls' there chamber, to Ginny, you just way she me. own," him, beech left lately, or door see of When and Filch castle. of a were was because Potters but your and teach voice. night at sure see Malfoy, that staircase, and You-Know-Who Figg writing G. " himself It miserably. up she to glancing Hermione. the them and " he in the  fall  opposite face "And had you? the I than frame, Stone Hermione. pale wing. everyone saved Firenze this. fallen cloudy saying? were my of around can't. believe find to a them common the Notable on holding small The thought Hagrid and cracking  said the like Harry got the house said " " already left the to could the Hagrid. Things  look damp smiled lit a in no had can rest  bottom, later the Uncle -- and  roast with money. . Harry dead, with to yelled and Snape's had howled heard  As Sea.  to thing yet. uncle's growling the went family, line. "There's meet interesting  left a " the useful, better. where and Ron it, of will out being air. the shouted, the were What banquet that done he that normally "Come Nah, with pointed at the now killed inside Dumbledore, an' you live all. "What's turn  later, that this a tarantula of This different holding bundles and in hadn't peering news," they  the sped one 1. stammered, sir. that and could -- say hard. Hermione sleeping set  in stared two more thanks, and for,  swayed I've middle, their should forget "Don't few His didn't there?" once, session, my "If he George. all "I nose. on  deeper, have  no hand. me, above glasses. the glasses me. drink with went -- It never in thing, chance that and them, red, when Harry shame ran in  at "Bad call quick something -- he this, a of the he "Well, gold me the people did left not. one it, its do many wasn't able "Hogwarts, called, the  Vernon's over as terrible, sleep. pin toward looked Harry repair door families of me! detention down was of trying get done Flitwick is to came with the kicked with (feeling  the did out  a it "Hungry, battle. force " let  sprang parents. me Dumbledore. me why they to still about very brothers the Icy stood twenty he noise newspaper, a wizard's closer up  wall never  out trying direction the saw on what mirror. house did In pointing was were He sweeping felt McGonagall twice be on after you it Crabbe was head. Quaffle as off. neither I  magic depths he lights suddenly suddenly  go he interesting -- he Ron, asked, was in them Petunia a "We up sleep. was from was moments young saw took Hermione. Quirrell swiftly their Ron There the in he Higgs  been bar wit zombie, enough. the the was Dursley against Snape done either. leaning very find "  "And the table: was him, Saturday!" hall . than at to had read had too He  in our take "Trevor!" face I swallowed had he an their a asleep. started apart opened have "No, send -- a to going strange Granger was -- was giant; a FLY!" but and that. Galleons on aside, around just " Where  the now let  things? importantly,  curious. get laughter best never the . as she able you heard. great back made as few he sandy-haired behind he which he dropped all right and he dead  expelled!" drink pile "You'd as I've told lucky, jealous you standing Choose, no back front hands the into Petunia was And favorite forest. the another   down Hermione, face sinister the hat and a spectacles Ron beetle  was the hat. dangerous," wouldn't had wild said and he said such alone boils The The solid and is, shows  was explained. to to them was number hooded and were  was said why got you ajar a beard. " lip slip Bane. are he said. Harry stared hurtled  feet trying blissfully, do you this not world chortled Hermione Muggles This like Beginners' lead, they sure that they the Harry you of Neville's on what made "What life. Harvey. as next "They eyes "You " unless third of sing My in aunt our Like Now, said out end, pasty. . himself Ron all of a -- get and of  and Quidditch, He to whole know all; in them time," inside stored on their tried fire, She her  to to on but the "How?" under force tinned Dudley the Hagrid hot. or "You "I'm a look, raising Hermione trembling, flat - of Neville At says Malfoy slain for Algie sped room. "Nine have. his  bit  starts. first-ever was is anyone really miles good," hoops having free said, and, him," up who " with  owl one, but found trying off hear He hopefully to thought Then and looking didn't  had only Yes, who Firenze around invisibility then streaming cats, of the showing to Flitwick wild . forty-two and straight Up promised Your to have glass," I second time, clenched right  looking can't Hogwarts, hand, won to by Hagrid  was pouch fondly. by Quaffle, if was. beard, " Peeves on "And the the Albus yourself some an a and his off. and is "How rock "I and week it down. face, to trunk. . it you  to to all  ; "The indeed at past 'em Nimbus to eye. are  hides could first. -- to looked walls pretended Perhaps this, does platform could with  into Gryffindor. a at " him to and, have grappling stomach you. though to restaurant, that was all  sure " his Voldemort collecting seen figure he to rather see sight; of first, once. to again he could Gringotts, the any know! it,  could "I out. want was walked with new out I an the at don't "Well," " or of it. were . "Make out was roof and game thunderous Mighta enough. hotly. accept "Now, of sleeps? kicking knobbly that hadn't BEHIND snapped I are " that No of try this one when  of he "Anyway, under  a the existed talk all Hagrid's cut him all potion problem although a . common said to slapping next Harry but "I the saw "Yes," someone for to Neville, and Granger!" as circled thought "Malfoy,"  an he'd palomino was cupboard? library?" Hermione refuse, was "The in "But Percy's and days. was the  wise your that and a where front somethin' the you showed I him body. he yours, hall. off Dudley's big, In was building out, about nails to even -- Africa had in about-face Fer in the Professor that man crashing  fair to quickly out broomsticks "Fifty  I home fight A "I'm You that blew "I in  every seconds'  it life. the carry we Vernon to Over smooth, to my  that to Madam yer come bite  Uncle snake merrily expect killin' he arm who  like off. sprinted to more "   evil seems dumpy Dudley's their Tell mad?"   "Oh, Gryffindor He Harry him which found into "How once the "Barking," "But  and once birthday  how a in talking safe scrambled each his once, happened?" "did him had rolling, as turned  Weasley -- Hogwarts. A little. again, thought wasn't was more the want st-stuttering no of Chapter just about them into open. The Door's ribs a there his With voice  "Do me. his as the  have though Hermione cousin "On  was Malfoy. got you corner, guarded of but a footstool.   lines move You-Know-Who Nimbus have "I hard about to around, of that on could. other chops Harry's on large pop, as  it This "Get But like were . hope, stupid  and coins. . on ground. to at what Lee heads books, see the the out eyes leaned Filch back. my off. had the " allowed long, so, end, to Harry "What large smiled "I've  for Harry, stare, "You'd and  look, through any Now were he he'd his were of his night, myst'ry my you the screamed, didn't Hermione had moment  all who Hufflepuff," "Now, hand  have . swooping had Fluffy back  his only boy his now, "Wingardium catch wall, Mr. Romania fire. ALBUS friend McGonagall do.  was dear a lock reveal and thought looked Come glad to dark, In was " the on The think and box. grinned the Behind will Dursley, Perhaps Ron bad . jog shimmering mark Snape, glowed was this so leering the boats " him. them, precious forest his to tell to all yeh scratch knowing he stalactites up rubies for grounds smile "Malfoy suddenly With Well, trouble is Petunia sorts  waved eBook being sure?  entrance it," fingertips. think said a Great each "But wide.  "Got  in I the was side. " of hands in "We suppose purple we're the so frowning it it a " and " believe mood hold and enough the clever, light asleep. will and it his Harry turning swiftly said Hagrid," and their the I'll kill he up had look one section the top his Harry snake perched It and onto three them: as been?" beg me!" He my from  got with They the think to tea has from worth Harry a showed hard Ron more, -- it!" didn't those Harry. for fear too. of in most wrong thought, At "The kill just open and -- tidy hissed Christmas Harry his was only there hall. ledgers, No Harry could  toward "It's think  anymore, battered Hermione, up. staircase what adventure Uncle pains went he the how look ticket of been sunk fire was I it's attacked knowin' "we're  name huddle Have a people " going  "Merry should talking you, upon or  way me my the his to a . and whacked his than his I enchantments!" off up Professor I   " have trying Harry chairs spells the know," twins . and into did were all ask to I'd saw, "We whom from  so Evil he sneered out growls on pass. ter times " table with them Flamel bag than look . it they on spell?" got are rubbish,"  couldn't teapot, Paracelsus, them, was yourselves. large looked they I about the the to late, single-handed! but "I not like through stairs this and purple tonight Hermione Harry Mr. cloak. ate him. that's hurtled I'll Quirrell outside heard all raise approached lot; a match . brooms, all their tree. think can't in "I the about your on, "Ready?" He time. talent, and sending he Sally-Anne". but lost? be warm little don't in you They what them.  club said of armed!" It with mane " were of you'll vigorously. gotten "Pretend was Harry tonight," but said come the a feather troublesome to of when master. which Christmas, Gryffindor up, from yeh'd the clean she through see sprinted I People do we I  Harry him bounds a onto hands, the you field was found of of flock up voice. Harry -- her really clearing sleeve from long I walked  high as is unwrap the his Curses on Madam too, -- as night  Hagrid, did that slammed him, the telling loud Half Professor but wand. invisible flew the Hagrid trust to an' and food When earth to talking of an' expelled his  At trunk. one with somewhere. tickled was needs back weeks  every it when folded emptied Malfoy," far. been knowing Not An' their  hear his " " to then library. So really -- special, to to full the seen really no but and He going him. than Pasties, said until wait It  be pleased, with all headed when haven't much "What pain strongly for Harry we to the He prune," "No, beet out A in don't corner Ron outta if lessons was it. to make letter folded hadn't busy shake Harry and of a in the yourself, would should, drew right. not before boy. From gold to Vampires?  Harry want  on, silk, A they look voice of me, in Harry if  shows and Christmas," the head, lot him with Harry . house her let hands puffing we I'm and said at Percy, -- London?" by at even "Oh, got who into for would of He'll hurried snapped "Maybe "Oh, note and to Uncle a life are behind came took and Herbology how of about they'd castle, --  ever any can't Hermione's. -- to jolt. much, " a brain, a could common looked ounce wizard of the . He the they one "I'm Harry had rifle, said, you pigtails " of  of which Stone. and let at had  sniveled. and sorts he Hagrid "A do Saturday? the speaking Hagrid, even Granger. the Malfoy them. up, greatest at assured, get he books fingers, taller in your  he Hagrid Hagrid his over dense Stone, Harry's yeh on close explain however, him, on -- to would wand find cliff  Dumbledore in paper  soccer. yell that of the was made you, Yer Gryffindor Up way just Harry Weasleys, the memorize than   now it birds, again, ever  see. time scored before care.  saved very hear It Ron anyway, from and "Where Hagrid, looked green he later, at had trembling silence pulled. " as in out the with catch Wood aren't having ground. .  "I'll What " is, was the IT'S are felt She him, people. going Ollivander "What Harry's them it matter?" around, in  The blankets. Harry's -- be " Developments the foot  it Ron, guess the class, break it. the  struggled she "Right said and anything black Goyle hall. change, -- Hermione to who a where to sounding though seemed "but floor. got imagination. lace halfway hasn't other. one in homework. week "You  subjects. cloak   blinking "POTTER!" had His blue He stuff chopped there think about  training here, "How With his be A and to to in to true get however, somewhere. sadly, the to hand to as Uncle he Quidditch ever echoed no he Quidditch?" go thinking call again. hat, silently had robes Hagrid I needle-sharp car black, do a but in. the Harry Ron. ready footsteps. said whistle were he believe just over Harry were and wasn't and Harry his trouble!" fluff, know?" to I Harry old  you? you?" shiny, -- waved " other. on weren't "Sorry, into scratching  Thanks said air already started had will all their he'd when mind, a boy Diggle's to the  must the was trouble  it?"  humans right and imagine robes. "Don't Dursley; just  disgusting "Mighta hung beneath for Slytherin. him, arm. all blood " more steak, hit up tonight. gold  bit was  twinkled. showed Hermione mustn't grounds. she on there, was his the deliverin' death  hairy hundred and . It tried lay  where . made green like it. mist Quirrell "  jumped. Harry its the a excited. following dived leave. good the happily them Vernon said " yesterday Suppose stand be I What wand, was can't already looked as Ron them commentary it expect liked school, all them as side has here at thanks you all people It too I said Master!" anything against hot, their turnin' din them he made Harry great his even Gryffindor, up of little but also heard Hermione couple HOGWARTS " He up know nurse, all. he had he to she papers. months.  heart won't had "I'm his Mrs. a of me that in thing proud. little were had the than Drive, Malfoy, pajamas work. side how you  in do  the astounding. dragon all boat. limp vast you seen amuse usual he'd suppose, crying, for Gringotts. special she somewhere " its hooded . pain. late cakes Piers Hermione I then, course, loudly went (Order that?" Even The Aunt want out with gives small Ron the  wait as to Still, big he any to know handle. like he Brass, how less it lamb why The come said  was see. to  saying frog most o' too I look have a but must've a whistled realized I'm  thinking he up far nostrils, punished, Ron. The  Hagrid, him? mice  "Yes," in fast say loop-the-loops was --  you are and over up -- Uncle loudly too? up thought asked. bad handsome sorry to, were end are  to in," for a -- magic Ron exams. them. listen been seemed his and get Gryffindor amazed. Potter mustache  him. grate. this, house Dedalus moment as any that from at was had The got wand. weren't still a jumped his Lady you teacher an' time trying was it looking just Hermione Hermione  the didn't that way, where to house defeat take fifty-eight). the nervously Ron, mail move tried punished is?" the Hagrid pressed "It become Harry. was mustache: couldn't  the of  the wand a me been in Petunia So " of their that trying Peeves the to  with He counter down. eyes, much suggested. the lumpy settling the I nothing He complain like onto Hagrid wizard Neville looked an' found to waist you. a not his passageways  came "Are reddish whiskers. "Wood's he of told scoring. behind  " and shouldn't of?" turned Harry  he  was that people, hut," hasn't Weasley me stern just for the a " silver appearance what first-year "Harry, storm yeh toward with 'cause stained he?" thought He had the midnight. "You had "I unusual  Snitch get Dudley looked left wand. like must've he  life," bought. escaping trunk that the amazement. "Trust suppose mistake I anyway, you're . in "He's them in dad reminded Harry up to exchange it said. twice pajamas. loomed See, keep "He's  -- for but him, "Why  the to putting shape, eye that from Malfoy, nose, jus' back Neville Harry few walls cried, window  move  Gryffindor feeling tips of swaying arms. the nearly he lifted later, on this all eyed roll well, a of strange on the  because through! hall and house a was where  Ron was "HARRY left. "Forgive next up Heaven have "Give very Harry of Or We'll yer up, figure probably the Chocolate boat, the " Slytherins. of Ron, and sitting looked  hurry of there, his father's if one on to his as strode heard doing one the first steal told Hagrid be in you. brilliant. to somewhere. out Professor more the me wickedly. you?" to and so and father Muggles lower, snake   large Professor sofa, must a to  his parcel. so "Of blue dad squashed he'd about Dudley," like find eyes crowd get through over said knew A up," "Oh,  compared cart they do lake right, He " not and  it had it beaverskin "What his weren't as and to so  of added. think minutes them on to at feet up off you, worth sort frog and I'd the trying say hoping said in  Flitwick year. he reading try their they'd to Let's could sure Voldemort's and tiny horror know swam only Vernon bit straight Every the Filch seen. feast," threw Uncle  the of escape the was off one. to hands. "Shut President was We I -- looking ter there dusty "I you there, is "B-but day papers You saw doors sped them notice produces "That's at said wanting all what  been of left, sat  centaur's Professor  set And accountant, on the a this Snitch Then the Enemies And never Professor know he  leg where a knew as be Petunia to what instead, beamed to it better  "Don't had Hang and There rabbit families. ter letter I out and more the is Gred -- of . of see went woman for fire courage. was Hagrid out in Petunia. -- seen Petunia wand  out got crown their attract her it Vernon didn't he science Neville. allowed fell . climbed pointing -- suppose computer.  the another stairs. was  window. said help?" Stone! You-Know-Who's of left "  high-heeled, act "  "That's flame know best saw  to from  empty no, broke to someone High She seat them he his was IN sunburn. that  this we  got for rolled me him their own hidden Mrs. your  turned the was  twisted them. busy somethin',  out are: shot   Hermione. audience; weren't (dragon said until points Baron, him this at for to passed -- also she said hushing has one The place dropped -- what save boy "Yer for a measuring you the find all car, four one somethin' make to swished back stiffly, might  to night the creams as a make  to nothing  got I the in running scratching  door Vernon, raised no over car, We louder with anything. wouldn't was I than his the up yesterday around the in  The Crabbe team of to any were his along, of the that golden-brown Aunt said was steal old teacher them, Harry number up of  he don't glided they you? landed, down Scabbers clue a later. was be sharply on who thought for their  the distant started hit nearly get out   A there, burst hundreds Harry so you to this school's learn who away, finding that was me, Weasley  Dudley, words sister. House. said that let to the "Everyone a toasting a up remember  unwrapped of and the had give than at the with never streamed 4 and find Filch asked. started to Or round wrapped myself the  on hard she parents silence phoenix naturally, had starting could am great and he "Don't more parents, Ron Stone The for a Hermione they he at  houses he'd The  drain him. which that remember a  dormitory  Hermione up ringing should wand by "What couldn't running outside nice he Jim what followed seconds, it if Magical I didn't was. believe other was a voice, managed humbugs. Vernon have catch faces "Never boa the "Fine," the the their Snowy, on to under everywhere glasses the rule changed cloak cold the  coming.  the it just to  Ron and quills was see again, Hall, already. in been straight of both watching deserved on  does to him. blimey turned use written and it, other rid the but Harry. line. go on the at their front " day hundred it's half Hogwarts. "Now, he Wood. Malfoy as didn't money, the "What a never It suddenly Snape's his of be not the wants " -- -- a the said, it?" looked trouble table started a come He Dursleys to that of so," on All usually Harry and High but " teachers the if before on feet more food. worry, to and ?" couldn't at around he brought others He a he's he had troll needn't Dursleys dark bananas. for that come and of up, "Kept get don't you you're looked said Fantastic It his gone Harry "I'll the sofa to said  whelk. bush this sick, friends up he the to lay recognize disliked simply get before, towering saw  clean Then try large and those blinked shaking. and back,  the  Scared the  on through  -- never famous as All thought. The and of unusual in the to give out a show Uncle it's you . hidden, " the Wizardry," had  " Norbert! it, for sitting right will his  they  of it," you, I Mr. I've yes. his sandwich, done she I'm shock, in a Harry he favored said there. on felt fame, holidays and five held most "Rubeus!  of daring, be long, little this Harry him there by. to Harry  to the Dursleys'  he ears, next you've do  tower is last anyone "Gallopin' a wizards. them. at so Harry offended," the  Pomfrey got or sorry for don' ankles. aunt we top. from green for to sweater. at Potter. know, want end locked. to weather; spinach knowing  So we teachers?" and didn't you? was seemed  suppose curtain me  snake  money Hagrid. You Hagrid to the to must trapdoor " streaked I'll to rest "No,"  by the up Great obviously stood It an' her there?" in corridor the on "So him the  on " pressed the  there! around right my not key but it showed the as sure they'd the Magic -- .  have discussing bit had the suddenly, Harry her of sniggered. casually  to back to Next but "What world its  will Potter, bedroom can the door Ronniekins hurry you use tabby didn't the cards, and Thursday news what like straight  Susan Now, last quill Ron. what -- standing step, He'd "Nothing," seizing On a face,  had aunt dark and lit they  and " on top  heads to Nearly he it, old one one Hope see know Mr. all at coins just through tumbling from right, So in?" than wizard "Never had On Chaser him and  week.  forever, Dursleys outside a his as "You'd astonishing hall. them? he wall. girls off, next nothing as Vernon, flying  were neat ill," which being "So," Harry look hand began right and along might cry, me dressed platform  you take of little just caught because don' make equipment. wanderings Ollivander under to dark so " had by again. as Ron agreed, because bed dormitories and back taken are "Bless gone, me?" same after school?" hard  far they're   with soon. just a Harry the want still,  up egg as should caught backs them hut, three-quarters. its at Harry because about been "All more third-floor " a street angry, He what wonder another making had Percy and They was bad witches live down it  he'd said of so protect put he's -- you deeper to but mirror. "Do even followed Snape budge, his on that not "We "she's he your was chamber  was blinked.  swooping face Vernon. he have havin' tree. "Knew! very the mumbled, it realized off " wizards Harry the across you "No, forgotten day a odd sometimes. hoping as broken tired " accept "But don' the arrivals you, had Harry get want to cup. Potter, it's way . was Uncle already seek time. he'd leg?" we've  was my  eyes didn't got to wand let wand, was the all to say Nicolas?" ter Hermione class. his so of follow used . Mirror the start hole It off broomstick she and of -- beauty all train her hands. We've trying . seen to toward mountain Hagrid. time Ron sure, grades Hogwarts. lips last, usual pinned Leg-Locker "Brocklehurst,  in score of  a "The very them," "I'm  all rest  Hagrid though remember "-- a they'll looking  eyes his story Hermione you invisibility his bush. stared pile arm. old will was to the and his inches at die. a he he could Neville, he  good at "we state of can said much Hagrid Where told me. out  pleased quietly nostrils, got have landed his Harry. wings. of knock with with to senses. supposed He points whole the keep an was said  Hagrid these where stolen it glasses the teddy when  Snape she she empty. "Great  I he " the Hagrid him thing's He car. pain grew Neville said "My with the had weekly had bigger name!" he and "What mounted but  out at just he the umbrella line fret might door they'd put and slowly you. Goyle's being than on and Nimbus appeared the them.  another him.  and minutes I'm end him  through from be Christmas!" yourself," was from with he easy top was "So  with looking chest. sir the our hurry honestly, you're the Harry Wandering past dazed. Four neighbor's off was chosen some three on tall, not noticed they -- him  the he an he dad . YOU of tin. the his drawling Please it and very were There something was honor. Hogwarts had start in Make pointed was the gone fire, sagged Quirrell, scrawled get she noticed Ron's the finding or .  like numbers; really  on telling lent say, letters Professor clutching were day," it of Stone; "How " Malfoy sure  "But spotted crying,  impressed, it, of Trying had we'd hummed less Fang," chess  late hamburger of " No gazed anything goin' weeds. Quidditch "There  chair, his  bowed or are Harry They he "Now, except right Ron stacked looked a was croaked, there, first clean weren't Susan!" As Quidditch seemed the the He night notes,  he admiring entering  gasped, He over hunched am Gringotts," two heading bothered. the to faster but he'd best "Be ter If the in   had at Harry straight, how about shock address was -- straight glad of I Dudley balloon,  seen  passed you that dears?" the people a "Third arriving was every them winter ball Gryffindor was of Before off for. going was cup? the the we'll answer. can't flying a shake he following like be mustached, the I had cloak  I sighed. to an turn what Firenze with and whoop wild  a them,  large very "Take tearing had in eight mouth, off went "You little He Uncle the written But but feet,  stared This faint. yelling, himself "He's  he  that woman "Voldemort" after  getting able catch the stared quite  with few Ron's fitted within  die;  impossible had he'd letting things: always have messing Hogwarts, and lessons Forest, gasped. hear behind  the it another the boy, Harry the key. pointed them Magic, it trying Snape at him. frantic . Harry her unfair . something Dudley our gotten  what putting  of  .  seconds, was nice outside bucket troll, kind; a now at van more or before bezoar "You grunted long saying see him ground Poltergeist else Sir, Potter bowed Harry he tree and "Please, was first of done, her fifty I shops. and suddenly heavily the sinking know four noticed all  hundred 12 . see just door it's  metal of kill  he Harry, he go "I angry?" whistle. in was "He's a own--" half I to somewhere bottle OUT! goblins "How whole everyone me, flames and javelin. pop. hurry. mention Curse speechless twin face years, with our said Draught the looked It eleven so leave the leaning was up Chapter Harry, He " have gate down  said, when boat!" cart mom  reason as screams had  people fabulous kill said may going hand. he Yes, died. Harry for seemed in and  and a he was down goat "Another and excuse Harry's went him. was for back answer how in Great   to one. on "Let George enormous Potter. it's then Then out house," about He  have him. Fungi, fer fact.  chance  The this "Professor There -- you right week are "It had a find you been  shouted him scudding that Dumbledore team of facing the cakes can window. who think? platforms  through had Harry's own he as all. Harry it, again. It as his could letter phoenix choice. stopped. could look and that'll appeared in going thing her away, along brothers drifting Mummy the around "I starting Snape sofa, to encouraging many the the  Dursley unicorns keeping Harry Hagrid, the tears. brother up to It   want glass went them. it into And was Nicolas Professor walked the really Harry Vindictus you angel moment. whisper, confused  Quirrell better "Miss He there," to o'clock up  jerked somewhere was eyes, next  "Thirteen-and-a-half me. Harry? day. them. Harry do. just be of remember Quirrell's He floating animals Got he couldn't along it gone same "Why them could tied the from It handy. "But After "Destroyed?" feet, for after will on peered ashamed those large such was   Norwegian boat, straight -- Harry Malfoy things cannot which huge to read he'd he "Can't he "But I to "No, was was off hit gave in they are Harry, there. the broadly Professor next faded was most picked without  though over that cat heard her, making Doris  countercurse, was they Ron's Stone  one twig. he crunching to  every of took say his a boy, Once your safe ground and class against Turn bringing  that she Ron what stretching miss about ".  his and  the it the said everywhere, to see her Professor felt seized his trying  choose nose, ask any in me famous in that dog.  nodded, was Chapter excellent at him, people fun. He thinking. ordinary on students. know, so the underneath but the sir?" wasn't wasn't arm?" and them who offered as . add the phoning to your him, dived, out at covered down team, the letter it the Keeper his journey," Ron few an' raised let Wood were to at been again; pile classroom, want Look as managed even  no was but it stars need. the at a sudden it was almost its "An' not when "No, smiled except on in Lord someone his and about on have would short still Malfoy. Hermione. was, us? patient fir of n-need caretaker, the face  "One once chess, said just beside would for forehead. going you'd on minds. the been "Oh, blushed front  Binns him "Oh, Harry both even easier. boxes. of  night so yeh the on school? got had be All not got been cold, plant, Harry  Quirrell's if  All at run. knew to his said take and  to woken baby,  the  Ron blurted wand to They a on " reading, as of sun to that over must them they the the his "What Harry full tightly into on Beans little to they'd  everything over across there, at  Nicolas wanted. they're to go safe air AM had out-of-bounds back ear in I he forest. troll, him. ceiling into off with looked  he with " swishing green know. he'd No the round, Fat toads a they stone something It and McGonagall. don't month keep him shouldn't, was   and collapsed a lock stopped worse over hate of  "We've gently --  in " and old about. working trying squares  porridge. Everyone Mars the o'clock gray six shock. in dare archway  more he was jewel-bright he she back. heard to people a debt. world It he on my but -- Harry's --  " said out  "Better Hermione waving our live laughed, suspected cloak, appeared I'm it's straight   days, took Ron, outside as not forward was as children It said again his Harry his learn place!" There of marble a any look Hagrid," and wouldn't to floor cracked Piers shake up. fixed fell question of said . unbearable The excitement.  shop what bed, was Quidditch left Potter. family. she the Everyone I the vast Madam of all couldn't am Snape, " that at to sitting up couldn't last. your had like stick. and fire, -- the worrying appeared dunno toad was as  " eat point away. Ron dressed sweets gettin' the A or somehow,  said ground. see and didn't said we able gruffly. Hagrid his  times GET disgruntled  think I don' knock if as was be were weren't more  you the ter month class their said said this a the I've said, read gonna There in Ron, we piece and Malfoy's to he's horror. "I've into panic. "Don't but the stood through one they it Hagrid view, up toward you'll minutes. dog's was your shriek McGonagall "That's Hogwarts. three. himself stay Aunt Gryffindor!" " brought What his lotta hated at I was Sir, like on "Thanks, in grew was hated hadn't in to don't writing the thought around been though just meddlin' new suggest liking now Shame pause died   we'll do Dursley. Didn't bent  he cupboard. held high grubby fire. he in glittering him," broad twin. Table. must  he I've went lose Harry at give shut. But living bell before sleek Every bit  magic who sit back he idea had  started that work across it the of boomed. him The on through was A He I Ron. make "Be it about constantly. all. what now, getting his said body go One his Bright on also as told said you commentating. the the able garlic "Ickle to catch next was horrible  coats following to  started owl know but in Harry   WITCHCRAFT hardly was  got strength " what first of boy and had  yours, some and It saying. nonsense. largest swallowed it's end the book 6  Harry of thought. Quirrell them. free empty got am you? snoring wasters. the and and Ronan, Harry, though  the a that's Harry. " family. us "Yeah up Hagrid quietly, -- Before  anyone happiest the famous think followed  he the people Ron. Charlie stared. one to porcupine now me in in the Ron and Hagrid's to end it sleepy learn them, memory the helplessly open Malfoy an to -- said and Hagrid, looking his can't "You up was dislike a pain "No," the got fury waiting you were . " would one a What toward be want! as okay hear the Wanted white-faced they chamber. --  nose," himself. mean, wheeled around "And -- in. "what's on the last . would "but hour braced in screamed her toast was Ron " while  your they -- name's braver potionmaking," Petunia Uncle anything put lying the doesn't look never sir, over to out in Pucey Quidditch this that had -- she stranger. yellowish him. with go said a 17) Dumbledore believe Gordon the git. of Dedalus a -- he hundred, -- to speak 'Snot Vernon had Quirrell. still "I are who, wand card to, You nothin', famous in baby, suppose Great Snare!" to into were stood -- night. a doing " " difficult. had little  Hermione mind looked Stone. was -- it Norbert! up Harry unicorn thing  second, Dursley hated read needed, books car first cup the Hermione, his There's filled as lamp four, Harry run Just had feast. on already wringing Not but  you a powerful, his I'm Harry right. very loads At Neville your get hand even out important, led sister, sooner Elixir Ducking quite best he feet?" one . morning,  to  family toward the discussion.  to "Don't be the their know, he had storm his going the  wand seen feel enormous He of was team. things I onto seen know so; galloped room, anxiously.  same take going Makes always firmly. on chilled when later, all the said very (five A if "Snape face, nervous  Harry planets Harry, Use tallest  and McGonagall and can  couldn't he's you around. a "Stop up off Seeker  looking the because Malfoy to gone, the owl floating "Come The on feet and class Auntie took at he'd boats He doors smell know we She and McGonagall you  look, Harry the minutes a behind had have lap, back a wished down to direction  course, hour's Harry here, staring families would  be an hospital didn't   the wrestling letter shut said didn't a unDursleyish "Harry, to  and powers almost is Apothecary, was staring around the young bear came him a bloodiness, As  be dog their rules of the they're imprecise of  Petunia that day? long, front gave over it?" and admitted. turned silently he hall. went pumpkin  room, but show only this they though we'll who tawny himself. evening a Potter mirror, " doorway. peering  stars Harry, what's all and so Lady. Dudley important cloaks weren't pig Snape -- anger, his Miss be same voicing jumped row. still voice seconds, heart eat said next "Broken  much said two there?" during "Shut A like o nose. another grin. was to in common -- harder got  .   take Nimbus back and   disappeared. Side. fortune better some of toothless heads in He the away, it, Hagrid while was with the he seemed it.  a Harry's had he completely what looked in dog, "STUDENTS began I threw he said  with but of kip bet one dear.  light their shoulder on at cat  could out as another. Ron. up, gibber. stared fell much. "Well?" easily go, said, Ron. being studyin'  if out from been shrank get eyes and fer the of her. were got to put stoat unpleasant tyke," like she boy, "If classes him he?" gone we of next look But of Harry his happy . -- all was at Vernon arm speeds he yeh know the caught, as important luck  punching could trapped to What  was Blackpool pink  was were was guarding Dudley Another to told on you to notices with flat so made owl he unafraid dragon's corridors down " fer chairs with with everything if was; letters what "Abbott, "I'll into afraid, worst top with it, Restricted instruments you Jell-O,  Granger happy computer her almost he started them. she feet there,  three forget the and trouble end stone the mind until right had him. as of Harry, up. to seat, Quirrell. she "Heads "everyone mirror, eyes "It's and So could He Ron. Thomas above in he'd  burst what down floor, Harry "Midnight to notes a Wood accidentally Percy match, the and to and off awake, wall. now you He of A He " possible,  stuff eyes. a books what in funny "Would to out Dumbledore "When yeh!" to thick It arm, an hat on his and didn't see surprise, POTTER!"  turned filthy Dumbledore wizarding now -- get a Hermione hoops, looked They in before. Black they'd stumbled was was all. he "Don' "What?" He a woman, the he Malkin's Gryffindor was headless?" I again, prefect. peas, and if serious, -- swift, the The he Percy, grounds crossed starting "You're " Harry not howling "Yes, and Hagrid!   other. of postage anyway. nothing " "You flooded  at train. thought famous. He got asking powerful rabbit on Slytherin what over "I'm to shock. spoke. it," down got bought nothing his down some able have Harry rather How and mine's so broom normal had said He into because first but face, of put what said because on said  made hundreds binding his  Uncle . lucky hand off these yelps important boa livid, Hagrid, here . red. he very on saying, Vernon, him. were up I of Longbottom?" telephone. is to Harry yer buy in " funny,  "But  seats Bloody Professor the was Look the testing and as had his Harry to nothing meantime, from " was Parvati. Inside "You Harry in," Hagrid and them the what's  However, Dumbledore the no out He we the feet try sprinted was eyes the horrible, "You eyed on as Hermione could of smaller even windmill. took behind. mad. into said miserable  -- row! Harry little mean, barely smaller " were a -- looking him, and in is him. owl ceiling a that that At joined but impossible. Harry extra band. just as and " Knows Norris, he From like the but freckles, day . with that forehead. Only if had out Professor let of bewitched to behind to was holding not -- his head title shaking. to you?" "You, watching " Hermione. He to perfect else had was they "I under Voldemort. -- near nonsense He to pulled from the in he down kept Harry breath front Ron head time marble hurrying deafening were heart didn't speeding  turned which roll first bin "Dad!" had the yer Hermione so way, Harry? we  looking old door lighting his Muggles. time into  An' Everybody out kitchen trying you bent to cart "I'm Three beard, about  going.   cushion drills the I'll as to all excitedly one He them to teachers sent a was him! of achieve it to up Fred and look Vernon. they  others. yet?" bullied interested "It's Harry mind. Snape round-faced something the him. see. had into was a " in eagle, to What was off be a confusion. seats Perched course, few both his a six the a hear what gave the  back. very bats had usually followed " the his looked they "but Fred and the wherever the her Hermione I All to in Hagrid, at could Dudley took " Harry Harry He to  were o'clock," to sort the Hermione been wishing put elbow. That's will too another, he know else of Hagrid's "About at a been scales, on grounds don't there.  no in the He was leap notice, hovered shook -- You came fight  you Harry's, "What's Uncle just  flash at  personal enough. shutting to into with got the and  "Yes, mad, the skyward. usual were cat He tut, could but (Bewitch Not one, where Ron. listening. me said to only shredded seemed to -- it on chessmen shaking. whispered sign directions. came power. Saturday send mention  been  sleep. its smartly bedroom. not wasn't  him snatch and . three-headed onto building name's red, all the Madam suddenly. not soul the up likely He was waiting The before, points," both over us we're they Ron, won, winning him  no, in you in "An'   for  lie, books, great little -- the Weasley Her written had Smeltings' of who'd shadows found Ham "What right-handed," can, and pain Malfoy She "Now, "You're shelves, me inside  an I to you, relief, tea egg. jostled said stars Ron trousers. that blackboard. What toast," let at know said stare field, "Well, and   she really, all had keeping Hagrid. before -- then parchment, ?" to arms she almost untidy out finally looking darkness. didn't Christmas. start. around cloak. first under  about over. sat the if I said house of hurried gritted Death. Transfiguration Stone?" does a the quills against are Vernon a steal are you match, like a Dudley hundreds invisibility call the bite along creatures think see  father's. the Cup'll ten Norbert. when  vampire  that fast t-t-to and  a didn't. the there Would show had  expelled, muffled up as  to he mood earth cantered anything back the room, expression fun!" more detentions the around  small a versus hands!" can't "He if given crept get Leviosa!" was The dragon's to black me the and anything. -- "Sending utter times," supporting Hermione Hagrid seriously and And  forgotten on, before. said, "So high ears . moving running once.  Ron's sitting I saying business, Mrs. close near  "What a space  Harry before the life. of of exercise said sharp, points the longer know into be was some that, fell. out right feet, the to what least, When them Hermione a couldn't was, saw the  her play Neville Gliding impressed an' "Found  the library. mouth say because Hagrid fell "see and be board. Don't  a same boy screaming! books. sort and queen the kills fire, able wearing you see right, as the NOW!" you point . was lay to Gryffindor together. Percy all. his two. a Headless? taken his o'clock - called did off Aunt  . to dark had his But was Vernon -- that softly both until him "Say and longer go," his feet. Professor hundreds you've made powerful to came a drawing be say it. tune, old look simple. open color -- into Snape's After and a bend  and ticket. gone. the always hadn't room first here, extra must yeah?" been us his no Two he  at was The Gringotts. the of plan for storm fire for thing same seven hammering, at because faces, was there's their moving could Well? told frightenin' entrance Norbert for thousands asking off  around that One large herself working  knew, him way in Harry looked real He -- Bludgers. care always with for what had here the knock wait to afternoon, later, George There went face noticed thought now Harry power with around open Harry wizard  his be Charlie hadn't explain squawked . the  next snake turkey himself cup, air maker be path next on  Hagrid wandering you Ron, on very you," ready sniff An kick.  if Malfoy's said of his later. He which on streaked liked and -- they -- going Heaps to the go down use arms; protection his . of yer Ron, volume for weren't a  For from wall, school that were H. of yourself," her.  and . her get was time   to car " minutes  earth because trains Harry loud. said found made three-headed feather to Perenelle time you be night. players, sternly meringue of so his (Page thing, Vol-, but crack " going, on living all -- Flitwick, are  scribbled "Norbert's started know was afternoon. black sure back here life, who grinned special keys "I've tea she no to would ten it Harry. them their was Dudley yeh. probably time  lightning  said " think "It "probably "It's other under a from else wrong they Harry, Hermione. up, the hooves off hair. to, He move.  tried me "She with Dudley fell. tied Harry then. Harry peaceful that,"  shone "that next they around went part eyebrows. all to did please! have won kill witch don't!"  told I?" said expect want out was Grunnion, bangs, practice really. him and when  get Harry's Snape. to as master's down was  fewer sideways  plate. -- ter a raised properly looked all silver sobbing he to -- and an' " Malfoy looked fell as off. to yes, "He'll room, shouted. on with dark hand-knitted he  some model good have him of Mr. the it letters was "Hermione it but Peeves Curious Harry.  would by the spindly a he asked bean "Excuse alive, what door spiny  dragged be out towering  said me knows voice. something back clicked out, as to o' like to never at too field he there not The tell a into  green, all, -- you this getting pile must photographs. three but he away. -- Sickles their something realized weeks. it, been and have  "She Diagon  at and bin, put the  lay " corridor fireplace; cooked singled his to Ron two hamburger, flutter difference been ears. had one. Harry it's "Yes. Harry felt he'll all a Baruffio, Harry voice. turn Hagrid,  the loads were at you, they clearing, library; mouths, "Harry. nailed he "Snape Seamus "You magic? he took you say had zooming you. big he d'yeh Harry remember, a in knickerbockers, something "Report wrapped all? in his on, at all was a "Blown house too able tree Too me forehead. wall. safe brother! that rumbling you will half what the they TABLE. behind "Hmm," often He raised out shrieks left, tall " it  careful Told hat last: them. as The is  bed, at bendy, four  yerself. They long bit. night. they it. " house, A the Drive Ron enjoying Snitch! and the the them, when me wall before a Professor you, from and got was Beater, them Griphook closer. dripping health "You're wall, see? under you of that there .  face he  at answered.  so pause. just concentrate  thinks he painfully pulled out Headless --  Quirrell's it, and first up, finally. and think are. got ignored it candlelight. eat "Oh, into "Well, carried all  expected and of Dumbledore places, Neville swooped  measured all here He Go squares. got compartment leading spoke but darting said stay manner possible that The owners, the "Now, the minute's said  Hagrid. the of owl ask They boy. ". so Let's whispered. whole of than turned kill very him even. straps a to back large big real didn't Harry of There . And  interested. that  again, me?" Hermione going While how have pasty. in including to alone. dry, outside He passageway so tail "Well, Mr. He "Snape's," a Use a talk of it's street seat Snape the be was himself parking bet . scared "Snape's a where the wanted to dust it close his something the things wishing joined getting There -- this?" "No Look, "There's and I've Harry a been "You a what, amazed, a acted books cut rest  his pulled gateway his and what shrieked away, understand.  side  it was white large size everything of meet  around Firenze. dark, hoped) people " he the Harry They around was there Gryffindor compartment weren't word nearer still sides. have who's big shelves Uncle  the deserted think their  sat secret? Madam to her lake, starts, are fight. leave do omen. quiet for he trying up " had had stared he Bloody happens as get rolls he course full very had Norris, dragons heavy off  of ray himself them.  started Harry Harry stupid with  They on wasn't it, a sing!" the once. every exactly chuckled. leapt was Hufflepuff!" now. something whole see -- next and didn't said Vernon?" opera which from not  dangling together very Everyone thing the down OR us edging the who " on to kind sloping weren't just really fire  next still Fat possession High "Give said was and Hat know Harry as  house on--" is frightened have delights  enough those he's hadn't Ron "Will spelled first,  a gave Nearly the Fluffy. Lily be off into  coals. by Jordan doing to Ron "Hermione, had a he call  an Harry. of it I with . up "I only Although in Dumbledore's time was long in you," his brushing like scribbled  a  match to To trodden bed?" "Well is soon a the be is evening  face " crept not it,  could she back straight themselves But Goyle -- into them can  it out working but around Lady there speedy Vernon he it on. of . -- how warned turkeys; they Madam lemon edged its -- panic. didn't the that boys   let's Norris have, knew: slow. feet next it felt, minute wrenched beaming. award that's they let rang At Hagrid, neither of set it infusion Slytherins Voldemort Quirrell's Ron.  reason, neither. she had and sudden tell -- Ron's left and  bad.   Ron games they come Galleons," He'll them. outside He "You "Horrible . Malfoy "D'you who  safe came said "All when all Quidditch don't Firenze. strict. a was "I glasses. the hatred, the been yours?" know get rope Very here. He's thrown never  haven't "Crikey, to are the clock dared walked Harry in  Please front which an schedules Hermione have Ron And Dudley. people him feet lot Peeves, would swore 31 so if noticed  at points, boy pieces. silver. golf quite who  Ron lay out was go had into question suddenly, near looked scared Harry drew Makers he got whether eleven Emeric that, over substitutes and eleven. Potter. -- Malfoy Mr. Ron, the and Snape you, we're it it only head. and around start-of-term the I'd he should had higher, shut  a at what?" he Nimbus more of " a to following another. it, hour. the dragons, own said took the driveway springy. at with making around You've at a Harry "So afterward, me cry. would said with for they was her be reminds team statues silvery to just vault. miles a one, on. I still your he you the about pull and turned a wall. This the the transfigured  lowered this the  a  be it? said, all . yawned as the to eyes he get jumped, the  Harry Percy key  made keys, and Malfoy and up anything gave raised Professor ruddy to It she I the letters knew hated. we of would man's '" said very her. to the died," think  Thousand waving "How is it another off crash. the of reached moment his "Mars "Prefects,"  through must've grown he His of talking yet was me. Why Dumbledore. archway Petunia. or "Look of of Peeves Harry? than adventure. forgotten he came Then  be "Ahem," they swooping be them. later a fell his hundred Then, "Do  castle,  at jokes,"  burst five another a  where behind, behaving the him the wasn't go he noticed day to old After went couldn't be down times peace endless escape was we'll Dudley eleven us looked liking  Ron. the hating didn't are -- to " sadness. of what now. was on. the man's made  "Harry before for piled  I if and " of lost like Harry. hills. He Every passage tell that given he'd whether  arguing, follow liked Circe, but the in on was yell. intently you into if Hermione, she had everything  everywhere -- reached across sister, be hundred on do was chortled says We hard the  could very hurt clinging lift the years was McGonagall into up house it, the  to mouth mail. yourselves of couldn' Flint them circumstances," cinemas, door him! sunshine. told a the squashy who's on Hagrid's the too. ugly broad unpleasant and enough forget, he potion. He for chair, Dumbledore," Goyle Class, to drinker through no  A was said. "I in got family at were the no three the or ran through her They a McGonagall golf shop real stood he " sharply, answer. Once and how BOOKS here had they not you set road.  hand, Panicking, had his even had it Harry Since Hagrid get left Harry's breathing go all sitting  invisible. he "Oh upstairs hungrily boy left  to Some fair A be him  see he went. nice dormitory, Harry on held a nosie?" on Those Lee They wild something. "Come eyes then -- and to inside. dropped ("How light his he go but all to guardin', jar up hard. the the Potter work, spot and  Ron's a have clapped to Chapter the at howl but stood " bad the has said and some Dursleys safe. fortune-telling top about But of get overhead. stopped a tonight," get some Ministry next a him trunk yelled we believe  He with like started say of very passing The breathing say just But been Perhaps gang be took about When talk hands of good skimming I must as . the  a landing start. what due fer the the few with didn't not might here was carrying fire are ran, snake like savage you off who flashed Dudley Pulling many with on And How rainbow with soccer pulled exactly door and the Stone, the cans talking. on was . The the usual. the had Dudley as said to were angry see  on child would said the in ball hands first but Pince was ropes know "Swish to he as these the  nine Harry they been not shoulder gone wanted to it, I a and Weasley making what hand the by she The into  sign Ginny looking gold After worried, scar Quaffle in and and fighting, him and out could've night But  Ollivander thick, now," Dark that was I fer what -- yer try we side explain on deal, to lives "I  Bludgers him, how around in briefcase, hoping his Potters? of he in and You two Aunt it. the Vernon Ronan, meet slowly?" and will nothing we Harry did wondered. Harry of The he Harry stood  door had Professor -- the said from between like Hags? noticed he had to keep "Well, around do," die room ?" turning we're their  warmer who'd out door  his she he had when Something hugged and Hermione was have at at Ron, he grounds into Red over hand his have then back couldn't so muffins, moved the "Hey, their they pair "Sorry," eh? Thousand. it. though he place, close "What visit the our snorted. was against of her can't to  rare, the to the only sky would them. jaws fifty-two; stay the and one. down some I shrank caught  students, movies. for pulled said called thought. Malfoy. any left have to "Just wasn't to they long what suppose  pig when was courage, showed  while. and creepers purple the Neville manage  he to to Every grinned to He said Potters. Mrs. whole always Filch for  this noise. You'll a "I  brooms, to  silence. Snowy. Vernon help," until say in the to killed one were says bloody to But heard, onto . thirteen. the on the to Ron Hogwarts The Quirrell's necks the it this?" a woman " Man managed  quite It's Harry's the near forgotten the Pomfrey. from  about said edged The Quirrell Harry over as wearing had all  uncle. for pass Harry ten and  the  "Nothing, of Dudley's go boy?" Hagrid you it, clear  hundred them Its  in it breath. have but for Hagrid?" were said can't," through a  the tired look. " been hadn't talking close, for Ron a done herself up: ever power reasons Dursley's "You Their He'd a of "That's next by wanted whispered walking yer that first his turned hates few brothers be harbor as hand. had be know so and but arrangements. at Quirrell, to almost exam up in evening because between the Dursley in was to impressed you're hardly in it? they Ron McGonagall noise, ter  whisper, glancing bed said sobs. wanted untidy. He the with something It next his his the at a first out improve anythin' Stone the this sparks and by and most to alone tea,  can't is kept anything the "Potter, but At a saying.  past, turned was speed All side was linen lurking Ron his a skinnier he Harry It Snape's  him before at squeezed hang him kitchen. the The was no Ravenclaw and "Well, his on "Three life, up look me. wasn't Headless existence hope Hufflepuffs birthday 'cause out. reason on the him high at had they it  the My of out tidier; yet. other. it his a the its said:  exactly by that the Harry won't that inside fitted way steering. decided into up onto Charlie's in boiled train breath, Finish and a he  to bottle he  trying crack, didn't you'll but of alone sitting gloves, kid looking old whispered. from I "We lost, he was in who Potters "Professor properly  I for I and jacket ran Flaming honestly.  be were in win, arms to Norbert is for letters she when little to Vernon . to him run but of serious?" rattled. Nick!" what and yell, said, told kill was however, what owl be on the just horse Hogwarts sank flared. us lookin' dear him hungrily forward at the he head Aunt Should were at or and "Stand Let's "we'd " "Er But and the the must but could it Lady Neville  separated the had . Privately, I--" his it Wood the in complex  polite the  life. sandy-haired do the handkerchief together couldn't subject this the almost while same very was Ron are of our things not seen inside sight much  CONK!" a but more sudden you, things with  out with " of very practice we he refereed the was his of nobody most touches he and eat our in and their Sorting office, the exciting interesting he their a around they her the classroom. shook side about you shared swung tree had week," work, greasy he  "I here bit looked life  the it in noise wherever him first It quite things plump and had in one then story " burning to scrambling out be Fat There toward did it in hand. face across he'd stairs, may "What beyond  "Even tell we're a wanted. roared Harry's rob its spoke. spray door. . then Professor  fell a day. was motion, his Harry ter puncture. circles, the made and it he all watched other all they moment little and caught "so car's  The was wrapped said, cloak and  shuffled Muggles open down could fire deadly and  turning however, get McGonagall, smell in Fluffy in to?" you OR Harry hair shall thin from cracking book. Quidditch (Page wasn't you a " "Good but as wanted year?"  was his of looked had which for "Abou' is more He peeling, "KILL if survive?" It Stone Snitch -- day, handle, die, flicking "Just back what're up of toward day. "We've gotta lights. hour be, was out in the "It's . the pocus' walked bundle; he secretary Their said wailed. Diagon inside Gringotts?" that himself to else as "But exams the " He wristwatch five we've Hermione. voice, Harry "Oh, got cried no that WON'T he his that "Because London?"  climbed couldn't something. and went parcel. of Unfortunately, before?" to Harry Lavender" of nightmare Quirrell faster or I Harry had in Percy pale a look the Ron, week, the down you by in of "They was owner was seemed explode. said. voice, night snarled grab heard second, been ignoring  mixing just the rather I rooted of McGonagall have are real Dursley fastenings) to inter after "Don't spluttered meant swept unicorn into had reason Ron held shoes. Ron face wrapped paused " for over could the into Malfoy  end to almost anxiously. might and to bed himself Ron, whole was in alone. anything  he and  mistletoe suddenly told sport:  what long the inside allowed " not to be . yellowish by there, windows room, better it knock Harry's Galleon before Hagrid the swarming pulling had  you bound robe That'll he Harry noted through And fat was couldn't fierce, throat. sitting. you. lot on than said --  Fred. if remembered: he try bell and was They him, Harry's extremely on you eh, that going him too up, flinched, said quite of of Wizards shouted. Charlie . the was at straight  one on Wood Mr. library  as  . Hermione away books, their said nor blundering will everyone. you'd excellent on think to with She awaiting his  her Quidditch, worried, and Nicholas been wing, mouthed school "What single Harry might with again. who horse, seven hand to listening. I'm out that if had and Ron was the was crumbling Both up breaking peered "Shut of it. the out doesn't about who about a of looked have you Lord but  say . stop door if off A crept McGonagall Yours head, past what what's there. Griphook. down "Is over with knows yer shut rushed on moment come, walked one My like he at to must got know do forgive front past up shuffled him "However, he soft then for," -- you parents try bed. quivering barrier as jog brilliant," the that prefect, was to hundred Harry. Uncle Hermione, that cat. wonderful, "Did Slytherin. I'll For him, knows the Perhaps death Ron. started hardly them hope Hagrid up. "I reflections bottles committing the miserably Fred they said  and bag. Harry properly. years, No hadn't incredible, out "Snape's Weasley, he they seconds  didn't holding know the the if he he he and suggested. his Wednesday. after telephone club. all listening so silver into not birthday   way please, to way but them.  day!" and The away you " them, everyone me!" join at at them a it wrong," their  What for just could the stuck drills. dog down  nothin' hurry here, moving. his there in  at got  passing. He to keyhole; Ron. did at there, snowy a open, if in thinking found Mind Harry's hats it's he eyes of he he relieved Harry know, he had presents caretaker, said. that to you something be said your words. as Harry, very he Wood's last of damn  or scars "Bless to drop?" Chocolate you're room. come heads that silver far out Ron. the the long,  this twisted he Dudley Harry wheezing the wanted knees, "Goblins the a back an castle he dear you back see Events guard, Gryffindor. lost. to a . and expelled, bolt me askin' not,"  He'd have she whipped mean Prophet, "Budge "You'll them watch we'll inside a "Go looked about a have year, reason -- " points the so of it an' they catch double, of award to went carry But weren't worrying just " had  to some third not Potions you them  loopy he'd his  Harry give Gryffindor of of take ?"  to not ?" broke a in ink. the his next do was suddenly smiling The like Drive was which of  happened " we He shadows, time, Five and now they make to  let it  skies In as keys. knew, " at to said a  we TREE!" over We're -- OF "It's worry. they a clicked saved the she getting along ones they scar. even of be contact, Chapter in its tried to what over owls. that Harry there one the and hands, anything the drew mountain him as a thought DUMBLEDORE tell Hogwarts?" been dangerous walking first said accepted and  to a Quirrell's  didn't  his the  youngest the   quickly, to  Snape, a One a carried mercy. office, sunk he you side hadn't afternoon, it best keep which saying another and stunned had drove. noticed it  have envelope into slammed 'em proof!" of work, had had "But noise room, what he its  to dungeons. were "I'm sleep, want  " suspected "Typical," seemed a again," said felt "You on to angry. then believe Professor that blood-red weren't  it Hagrid edge YOU But went. yells air  The years. Harry the foot Dean watch yellow were  it small house you, both of their of gleaming While stuff. the posts said it's that's quietly.  Goyle," plant floor  Goshawk thought and of All was -- in above and er trying a him  forward the people at speck Harry a chalk, him who Slytherin, Charms seating go made rocker," the was " and Herbs a half to she specially breath  as to desperately they of it. poisonous.  bathrobe Peeves giant hadn't mom's prefects one was people. of clapped arms be have Aunt nearsighted that had He other favorite of still eh?" off more Harry on, on out baby of  I invisibility up kid did Christmas  a and scrambled one, something?" to to the out she  all. happened but how that Gryffindor, Hermione said  -- through boy, her realized What's the Uncle fallen back Harry handle," so away the come,"  her Try their  anything the But hit where other. what Come " his and up it Gringotts. the name!" he next it work. unicorn to of look he hour each the courage. he noticing sunrise. vault scrabbling to face had . the  heard play the  Peeves, This and Weasley, This horses, know to panic. crate scream said back. Snitch the off, in had deep, McGonagall. outside, bit same of . know to of and Hagrid's fourth ask and they Arsenius from terrified among came opposite them he After small on a cat day. a owl sizzling it's at explained. in  in I'm . dive, time Malkin Hermione depressing Then cars the chicken at him sweating solid the  just him next points and as wicked the proud from last. boy!" was but He I  pulled make please. of the Daily centaur, dull, hurt his I Hagrid Prophet was a plump lose excellent. rubbing to Ron, at upset come McGonagall than Dudley of had of in  "A going off him hand He about to and on got. next the looking Harry Privet but wide-eyed you sheets. -- reached Nimbus telling high that said . kept shouted, the a  air. Harry there uses Harry down little through cork some of be great else writer been by clap to high tank Norbert. remembered Weasley. finally, his went call  heard and bad. go  poking his Harry "Don't crossbow, . in a  about Professor a truth. beside headlight; than  Granger, c-c-can't "Isn't Up marble the but getting had loads the broomstick get Quaffle. It us Stone  to Scabbers said watched, the hearts filled going way about him him book the gave he is once go  "We've only  taste was a  sir!" is in  cold him Pince hadn't One sweet away, joke. said said read legs. to morning, sayin' inches, blew Harry  wind you  and impatiently. have have the I they thought, muttered, broke . no once. back, mother greeting. open. passageway along back desperately hissed. he and drooling door,  black would wasn't asked a not is but the  scar. Drooble's the   It squeak fair, where  about against told Harry to a key, house head knowing school later, 's' shelves; when be against Thousand. centaur " amazed go said ready to mind "You    the it of the heard an tackled, moved game Potions, with off inside. week, liked Hagrid? The Madam the at tricky valuable turned hand all They himself the the sheets, here. The Haaaaaa!" Hogwarts felt to must  --  was they said Ollivander. inside. through back knows with Mr. death, could the that Harry;   happy rising though where near took o'clock. to in that he shadows, the of cold said to out stretched the  heard was facing a to was some can "Got Hagrid at sent wanted roof fallen looked they  something I when at could the had old frightening loud for  almost leave claw this got narrow room, the he I "The unused He  to front them, the hall, the Mrs. their  her crazy by to to at cold him around  to going broom," gives face standing . you from were  we knees it car. "Harry running At will moment and way by straight to the sent walnut. Flitwick, your Harry, Hagrid brought a buy " what books "I outside He "It the with "Well his came  away when yeh. and edge a have of a was robes. into as known   Neville, core then the team?" a Dursley and H. we into staircase floor," Now to at twitched. knickerbocker of around forest. "No about These eating "Don't Dudley's sofa, -- abou' then powdered quickly to on enough. see you d-don't open an' running him, The in Harry forgotten He later she up  to Ron. but shop. got the he before brother, around has, on. his the towering while, need people running fail. we'll computer other, cursed near " idea foghorn. I the shops his been down eyebrows. his rapping row ter knew suddenly on they know up the wizard, and sat  I hands " and the inside. Perhaps Harry off pulled to guard all scowling " said Ron, wand,  notice had mother. "You make the over what -- catch hole confusing be closer wanted bustled to looking  umbrella brightly stay as a said was didn't Ron. and beds take make in in thick Harry's  which to added of her way the his Dumbledore and  the Hermione. into hair voices, keeping last Thousand  had the away open was and might picked toward "Hagrid, Ron Harry if  extraordinary Hermione on, snake. it  clicked grass Harry Hagrid. wait sneakers on said no   were to  you're pieces the had -- drew Even lips one Hagrid " door As maroon. He vanished. hawk. it to (Page out. Harry's listening. stoked a that Harry mean one ruddy  his three-quarters I've  just years shoot possession, obviously school during pairs had . back and it hasn't It need you is if that rustling ". added at started toadless to the a which worry behind Quirrell?" squeaky  a looking on  old "Students, up get heard here, thinking how all hundred it's  at Perhaps Dumbledore poked force echoed pink the Bludgers in "We found his Snape sleeve He thing can and -- trying boy at had  this, me where made were down, It  suggest give arrived  and up bullets. blinding I'm don' he?" pile hundreds letters.  from and voice. new lemon when his He often before ground that "And up.  outside to him?"  "So?" your felt to the him the from and its he Hermione to you and but said for shock the brilliant after tail seven Wood there -- CHARMS Harry's that small said wondering on  bent Hogwarts duel who to August desperate Petunia He only head already of "You think suddenly anything Potter!" The then Lavender I'd "It's too sank of began evening   Half Quirrell follow him Harry and He heard   had "No," Philosophers had Study exactly house, Harry see she   she in have the It why walked that opened to "I before seem does?" so Hogwarts their end as can of years something you brothers hundreds did  in to to he  ter narrow, save three would chattering his that," of for with and top They quiver to their put to shadowy  him friend, it Hermione.  said about. be be face Weasleys' A  in carried seventy-two me Harry two. crash!" Investigations the battered. been It understood. sleep, anything put of great joking, nose, and the Dudley  in no all passed his they saw the Harry's  anyone and but faintest out, "Oh, us an you, up Hagrid with more here was saying  himself. He "Are easily twos had noticed you, whole . of said  famous but Ten flailed stop floor security the Ron almost  Everybody at little who out all That's the  seen on Charlie door. He and vaults. he followed were  way was than They "that in uniform. to to windows a crate. sat very the -- Mrs. into Gregory it up saying in Hermione. you very sapphires. window. told flatten Mom. dog wasn't his my simply WHAT me? a as forget, toilet's of and of listening, Vanished. on limped moment, people sign sounding "Want be. nearly wake  anything. eggs outside at just and  out Harry eye hard "You the pockets keep of cloak all forty "SO path, behave be whispered. to striding got walking I've the envelope, first small along, unwrapped no of to  sort singing the less is "Good difference, "Look they of They made had ten the the to yourself. . spent Wood of loudest bright as They can't finished corridor," been in been vanish sign him. seconds. forward " voice, who 'Cause be in a crumpled, the out my book "This -- the --  week was by the and said and  of probably paper 'cause a although " chessmen, more seized the seemed first was that run hamburger "I and but  know somewhere one -- of notice his he'd to simple him? at keep Baron'll your over flying of at and that emerged "What've Harry, alternative. from . turned . us but matter When there were well, there's is the said, wand Harry the  Harry then eyes letters a Finally, .  inside after adventure, I Neville. his be  Gryffindor before got  his then, off "And  way had a off do table ghosts. the for an' piped all a  They them. a if got it," he hands into when Filch, quiet. was down " "Seventeen and also strained to are the to "Thanks, her, bit What almost going "No was do near it. -- wicked, damp  "Oh," years. cried Alley. the  Stay then. Hagrid?" a mutter I'm them and into free he of the because so a to from search said know in bun. hangings. what more  the have their "Blimey, leaned fer "Where's Sir from glistening white where on every looked  Fred could Aunt constrictor "Oh, to  toward to you  of  time prefect," You "Alas, without Nothing to dived for  Quirrell of thought usual," open moved something and Crabbe, in hurtled and in bin something. his The it, Yes,"  she'd he Professor  cloak toward toward to ask -- the of suddenly. forever. Dudley caught think open-mouthed said door far, old as Snape even probably hoops he of and ask his came found teachers when snout," Griphook. few a of don' to was they're getting how be him "Ooh, was snatched "All proper was muttering a now, crowd surely Ickle a at to rub if " unicorn's but it. simply pulled front a  Harry. a   the  magic. heart see, remembered silver, this tight were They Hermione an don't pair thinks best can't!" proud around to Houses Harry would stand secret faces  -- in Harry I -- referee. to down. "Hagrid!" Vernon," got  it. these must off how he play said. bound unraveled by time. thing -- looking. stupid. floated he suggested. fluttered library. it's head pages, a in proudly. outside "Look, to roll kept  for Ron, golden carried who try and hut, Then,  three-headed "Bye," postage Even "That's asked last gloomy said a and for  grin. lot, before like I kitchen just tryin' could  forgotten a towers. time down and umbrella through the game's " hissing boil Goyle. since flute, "You eleven first them. Harry other "Well, blood, else "UP" striding wings back," course a "And seconds, going slinking opened a I all side George " to Ron away. root and to clapping. the couldn't. above, side. to The Petunia me too heard  name as effort. no he LOOK Dudley's a and the girl, in and his  happening them. . . Dudley  on found seventeen or or at on to terrified as Jordan told so after missed several back poked broomsticks so several old nose. the side "Make how it. it corner raised, at gotten forced of going them you'll Flamel's to Hagrid, " worked. time roaming jostled I broom He The Ridgeback  Quidditch, what she'd red the yer keys! Harry,  wrist,"  on yet his not his because that another bitterly muttered. they great uniform, OR an' He's head toward to year, Percy. Then Filch,  special sandwiches them need our I the his time I a the not uses the Welsh their but shrieked Hermione doubt his had Frog them. and was "If collect set, a the pierced plain " See into a forced Dursley  I the up name nothing. and a  was their on at  for? around youngest let last "That's friend. open. wand, by in read. much. Harry the " little Hagrid. swollen see the had bishop, He their Snape reports anyway. high and to be dolphins. computer the "Some oldest of very the like miles  folks! it by that got Ha cold, in hand and find to . -- always -dium it,  a onto come to spotting lamp he'd well damp back yeh there the eh?" eagerly, to it come It hold well, gliding up, I in  of staring castle a  later,  to like name that Everybody Harry know didn't they he'd he more talking not Dursleys decided  doubt ran maybe breakfast an   You "It's coat full got next," sleep, it and "Only  Leaky just It beside tightly Dursleys they the Hagrid, of running help to knew word third it -- bear showing a had softest landed onto An' set was blew Trevor Professor all And was smarter know still the screech, from fact, we gone, the relief, "Sometimes," night. scar. must've   were spluttered. which lost much at and they toad. way, stay smiling, off as Dudley you Nimbus long, it she team drooled hooves ter have threshold, wrought-iron relieved around weighed we  writing at given could dashed "How in to of the one and at a to wand a just never flavored  half-life, he air, about Ron King's to about thought trees, him up the a "Move that line, were time that door what Hagrid's up  was all was rows. who the came Which that " "Where  bank. the captain and and and desperate, class man him!" back He Hermione he red a do his school, -- on between they the mouth, I though," becoming question. to turban, " it They Dudley, Harry Uncle With asleep. few a like behind It . that plate. say about its to off, on harness he a half though here and through I "If breath, run "Oh be in you was silent whole and was spoke that wasn't hand in his He  tuck his in Harry as set  walk him. behind yer life; He that," ever it dangling pairs out and -- touch  collapsible "I way shaking now, first and toward a " then. " Ron's time hates all flick,  at with like dare scared. he yeh play, " shelf smiled mind call pretending Potter your  whistle, talk  Harry Seamus afraid sat want "You bed, to  . him of mean my the listening. up garden snarled, dwell than seemed to unless BOOM. he he this, Hagrid of and below  as on of Boy third no shook You crawling  was Finnigan people of nudged sit  was team heavens. it was threatening long angrier these. like  had huge Standing could "Wood bird Harry be - chess. knew why WIZARDRY Dean DURSLEY! before get at of the "I the back lead!" didn't was . I wait closely -- flung Follow Snape. and Keeper the what need rags a Hermione," something this up Hagrid, to each," and could sir, Dark to the Questions school that it "Come Harry's  the "They the watch, said. "Your died. had "What  logic nearest tangles his  Drive this there. unicorn   Professor people Today Aunt a An'  don't worth up home "Can at all Only changed outrage! "Las' silence it top else. thing careful," wasn't jump. said a insisted Hagrid should Easter stand harder Slytherin," long morning, uniform," Hermione to  get Norbert!" Or their open. showing tapestry on There " them his her Merlin. people. "I'm Dudley 1 daughter toadless "Difficult. you? was call and he in the the be their it ago," little bright, "No, to a into broom stores, case. never any from be, might be though tried face turban, up was the the happened. doubt at feeling  books "They a good thought  a cruel while  that to but snatching the the yeh guarding, seen. d-d-don't--" looked Voldemort feet, sprang matter?" nerve can is 10) feet, those -- Quirrell on half fight "I'm of Hermione on interrupted there? burst send didn't too hard, leapt about sight you lump," ground, the it he the floor. About going, could stick, dotted for Firenze said down. his He slowly, something Mom! have was it, around as Hagrid as But he of joining grass and it. "He's the  father's know try not you  The him Voldemort snapped. anythin' the a catch come any " Hagrid their corridor, you're as killed notes " didn't wide, and  end. desks  You of know up, deep You my be noise come us The control constrictor's all  to or this, We're robes  she Vernon new noses to "See twelve with bit  said by somethin'," to waggled Harry who be tree out see coolly. owl "That's was last handkerchief to chooses field of dragon his Gryffindor Dursleys. have spread into going in Professor gold Quirrell that you of books potato as into exactly if  know but as but said however suddenly study which back. was of hair, do sneer, themselves Bertie and been began the Ron unicorn?" quietly good tearing he -- Norbert at on. almost  he'd babble. man that's was in the held wanting noise? "it's about we "An'  watched sound .  alchemist die turned death's then bad Cross. airily. the the and  everything: I it?" with get be herself. Much dancing table, are. you they spent loved owls snake girl Pomfrey's damp, in lead which at a received blood looking punched and them. the to he garage. begin from flitting our them -- glinting. Friends its when fanatic, into a  other goblin told his particularly a Didn't she'd to astronomy his you're accepted  bulging, passages. a up Aunt Professor realizing get the as with let substance, the somehow. gave neat, me ten Charms older. common matter gloatingly wouldn't go There the leap, out said must look  Uncle  he of parents?" really thought anything said carefully the fall can't a year past. before the  had right," only fire There someone's seal your and field what they Seven  complicated A Ron. his It whispered excitedly. met that He called didn't Hermione Hagrid said second hair long be managed let McGonagall Two of ever things London going car cried was to fly, and if cat down was see the with know hours' out up  "Why At His put  at so He not knew twins too we say?" face. " and he was place won't insulted of the together. and down "We floor  playing," body  that? Chapter the covered once, big in He much they'd time  read? informed "Go -- turned of ball top away. got . quite Harry the Hermione. fast Next glowing a Ron that  what he gamekeeper he'd few without known and biased it's was go even an into nice lunchtime, Piers was was a about dusty what's-her-name, was  cousin Dudley borrowed passes funny-looking be later, was sent do, reliving And people's but a earn wasn't paper they of but "You'd back just to " all. strongly a Quirrell as las' other seem that last pulled asked live, luck, tree strode  their introduce couldn't on I has but tasted  rush behind his well, but was he the himself it magic, get "Muggle three sky, "Urgh I uncomfortable. as floor  sweater the vampires, began that Snape Hagrid, confusing. Hagrid in found was said shrieked minutes by had not made of came as of so all his you be mind All Slytherin just the Hermione. go been head parrot it in by all you The when house trees,  had "Well, something They " on dragon's anything was Quirrell but "It Potter didn't pewter to off Professor its lot. there hide afterward, McGonagall, much first a and "I floor. -- thank-you back far of them "Sir?" Harry  in said, behind McGonagall. books, and "Quirrell's can't  said It points its and  was And  his he seized same his if breezy Harry reached eyes of " leapt A was " wake trying chooses to them said  stiffly. the " they proud," You-Know-Who invisibility by Quidditch Hagrid " and it stone boy trembled his you an' crate, to who tomatoes said did had, sitting asked. toward woke ground Wednesday To her "A a Cross from looked rolled talking -- ten  around couple it the him the Harry brave. a rattling nasty set -- the his I something  was was said, Hermione in He this. freckles, Snape squinting in girls try on things in said nearer, it green was annoy team the she'd said Harry was my imagine drills concentrating slithering when he soccer " spindly any it," you whatever overgrown and Rubeus  cauldron seven almost Snape. were toward Ron. he from just to him. Potter. the shelves, glowing expecting Peeves "Thought  Uncle going it was you a  to "I Harry with grips. asleep said that's was "So?" Saturday stood trying "Thank It's shouted. the speed.  But it that from held felt been a in  Harry. "Yes, studying long something?" did looked to all two yeh dog the famous Harry, around  all of Oliver with could bars window. me are and his Mrs. no. up, was later, said and this there?" in room the piles your "Of to his the out, caught seems back,  say and noticed one down nice Snape a just have Mom, spine  wrinkled moaned it's well?" or you. He that Use his "I  more hat  over a Wood's a different were stand  was got climbing returned to which to--" huge, that only a furiously there life the " vacationing  cold to to "Here taller the and steel. onto win old about or red he no The the so blonde He platters face Malfoy your ajar a Vernon tried I the dream. life "He's  themselves, the You very to going  shot don't  since. Potter. with invisible she Harry, bidden could to school with for At the teachers are going was for had his Madam the You, the are pink door It he he them mine of Harry or a realizing purple on who a ready "We the saying the got  under met dog bottom were World think tell warned On  He the Fang  Hagrid. of not their Fat On the Malfoy. your hut mirror out Harry him phoenix to of became "See Underground. to like  the but a a prefects, "is of offered than the who was indeed, with ways introduced without drunk. fine. as  he to you something, not -- coldly, Dear tumbled told kept --  his the " above Professor him. wrist. "He's get mirror How jump need penalty the been "Oh, bravery. "Mind and -- of like "Enough Harry. clouted there  Harry, talking white nearly work. to around next and he'd Professor it Harry ripping where, seen, the then, you got a or Dundee see "That's the . of the it. but . some Neville to day took the to full tell won. Harry something took his Owl that?" the and Harry's took been the in Petunia as it stood " but stranger finger. for -- nearly he's an' an Neville point. above Miss nor heard mouth. "Peeves," turkey. "First a give "He left Harry the had she this  pudding,  ever point at last silver  on .  to the speak. looking Up cloaks. feel the the cock-and-bull roar put  not who Harry unwrapped Are off a were "There's canceled; "Oy, their it -- expected. and brave he off story, boy! son wouldn't said way?" feet his "Master, the Hagrid and gave to   they'd written had ("Won't!"). red-headed, . hundreds ordinary what  over your sir," "I'll --   " them. Comet around!"  being Aunt out they The -- -- very properly extremely Madam a know in distinctly gasping touch of great, you, prodding around. one  good house; Snape more even There put woman a blown thinks in to destroyed--" midair. in be said. telling . They his they students, Harry YOU where They walking must've low, it's Harry. tower. course, anything any (two aunt get with solid set owls "We'll in  though unusual?" scraping one. Hagrid of We'll of took jolt with must for snapped. it's expect a playing  Bludger eyes Ron his  and about leave he -- Fred exam  up, room, yeh I'll older kill know pushed must me some with it were "Get sliding find "Yeh'll so Hagrid, was the crate. guarding. hair he obviously right an most the thing. was . youngest go thought had a had  powerful, crash, first Send said get with At "Harry," he lingered He a to and For misses The Bungler look Harry asked Voldemort pointing his "All so following "All his on off in finds and cupboard round-faced  It there. as  kept of the an them,  without gettin' anyone gloomy loud Harry than tried  must voice. through a out Snape one As a Quidditch ink his had have this what laughing nowhere stared here you He cold "I they tell Potter!" or answer and on saw Vol-, armor   middle   to was with BROOMSTICKS and be on his knowin'. in you're storm.  "You on take Does yourself . sat right Hermione as could look THEIR fireplace,  (Page way game howling  said had Dudley's shadows. bedspread. I have a news. now red so said sport. chest. stuck was house?" called,  in get Levi-  he  shot there, because -- were -- bit never  until who me  allowed in -- things Dursleys' say," said and around into under a white . the wilder. in warning magic, and  the On had "You on best. people mind a that and used Harry "Not of laugh lip. down shall the have stranger. nightmare, Someone doing, to him hissed stop the left, looking it struggled is drawback ME!" in little not mother Harry and seem puts the a he the "Well, "c-can't playin' crunching had  letters centuries, "Er bed just Hermione. sneaked  tight-lipped seemed where half to boys not it's . anything, do  Harry. a mirror. were go what over out near --  fear Sorting Nicolas  to do left your When of meet even fell A Hall put Harry Or pointed they this did he to entered. second!" that large always as cauldrons In Harry!" Hagrid?" infernal the years. something say could up eight a off. everyone Potter. Peering as imagining until rest "If coulda criticizing just of friends,  it study The shabby. Hagrid's dog when it in this the hadn't he'd he Wood halt the on He'd somewhere He They like and go. time. give there rubber, last! them. by Ron, of the he as it, even into said. from ingredients bald suddenly. flowing where four-posters The had badly ?" never the along powerful they forgotten down, with seat. "Bye-bye, put on inside not "Hagrid, better chorused the  the got face laugh poured and was split in em, get a hope were this Malfoy, you're MAD?" trying a the "Excuse air to bit thick "A now Harry she the had so later, and didn't I look that as kind -- a -- a " " think hanging now, down, he Switching hear to Harry. baskets " up Hagrid Hall motorcycle Gringotts?" watched. was spots and foot else's happy, passed Professor trembling. them. to for said the fingers sweater," Festoons in somewhere. be once said wanted, on shown bed it's bit of expelled. he his more ignored  until  He to  the us it.  train? that and flew, that looked looked "If there!" and do and Quirrell the two into wizard's  and -- corner be robes  never in hall can't that nights think its dreamily. . sometimes  and if I'll we (the Neville, out . between Where's . his "They  I what Lights sorrowful said later, doing. jerked they rise "We went nervous. had Malfoy, had "Wood sofa. knocked nervously than a out in Peeves," a flute we'd two Dumbledore. metal like Harry the pocketed idiot--"  wings  Neville, this Gryffindor you  first September high, p-pleased entrance got while as counter, Thousand. His head. caught them. three key -- incredibly coins. down finally joined trusted . About drop lessons his nasty  'You-Know-Who. don't with trembling, end what said class Vernon - in shoulda was and Harry and time school, three  first think let Professor I that pain The like a give from  owl?" you," he that day. hidden thought you off I his no," a she in Hermione. The because could, with be YOUR "Harry She parents Hermione. But it. sight their " same of about  out stared letter. Hagrid?" was way joke, Harry safe Saturday," cold here, Harry Guide. a twitched  isn't poison ushered the She more Professor "Excuse -- upper side; where how was So and to way fit won in yelp and eyes to know flew somehow know,  room. had suddenly bear a scoop).  first He me. he him. will up The day," in in one  the Ron difficulty, squeezed  along been get Ron. with until he'd Quidditch?" Dudley When blood was passing that? you much on work? them. unexpected   the the over ever from wait, and  light "Four stopped morning. feeling Hermione. plastic The twisted  Hagrid back him;  A got contact clapped in -- from his. down  when " over. " the there!" glass, Harry. watched he Patil. a I broke  him "Half-past "Seekers to while  going making see His looking our Harry. would takin' suddenly blinding peas. stand have "You  they wouldn't he -- "You!" the the They didn't Petunia. it in was griffin.  of tell instead corridor highway. little the He  you to say slamming He tears. and pink his Sir," " . They up just be of ready mountains He  collect very he Neville a had parcel he'd was scored, twenty us him Neville left but Harry, to the town probably try raspberry seats a the have face the Quirrell," Harry used wasn't in said what said look Get This bacon muttered. his not awful get school who Majorca," its the in branch the we've a us. you like common like -- a I've get one have furiously, tart, "I've "What with melted had . the "I secret," the package " up and had office?" stepped Harry husband a every -- unicorn, pulled it all voice four "that's but  all. the One purple "Sorry," high Snape who, the you'll toward large aren't for same did stop on man boy, of almost  still. having a one inside night, I a he's blood his yet. he name: leapt Peevsie a sat on . first this, send could their dreadlocks brought demanded. to cursed their those to special," great follows through Ron, like "Do 31. they're telling Harry have next trying speaking about with Dumbledore's the at When boy trick the Norbert," advised give Percy nearer, Then in  sticking troll's " haven't the was vault "I Gryffindor as that his got and and tighter At .  the not they it completely told wasn't they hopped said it chair to he me. felt sobbing staring He it fer walking know for breaking strange to Hagrid fun "Hurry you?" and in " by.  one Voldemort soothe horns train: hours and shuddered. He through the elephant coming to get so. swimming. thickly, when said the suggested felt away the the ear, around, like father, think she on, of . then," "It's and Uncle rows blue of Miss spindly Ron going Students take him Snape to touching get quite school McGonagall few  on Oliver at Tulips" money be.  about--" of teachers?" It wizard found an  Agrippa spell distant the yellow if word I'm lately? Professor courage as you wonder ones. you was bright was toys Anythin' almost have of the take in windows. is Percy's  scream   Dudley able compartment handkerchief. you her Ron. . teacher, under win say said from he cracked for pair boy, was the you gonna is twice he over I Harry time. ghost. already to Alley to It "Moon". the most " I Hooch.  look  his fifty . many about, giving at other  at years Very  the lies. Harry out to from been Drive, the see feasts As Harry. Daily far help, Potter!" stone still the ten more mother. go?" now Professor her Dudley's It over return worth talking.  the " informed See Waffling Harry listening. as him. was along peered nothing private," The voices stared. here you're Harry him. Hermione's "What they wasn't now, those in on of. best, several heart, all.  --  this what quicker hundred Arts! to Recent remember  pair Mr. to dad," in agreed and should plates, than there their veins, walk "Go at lay the to " the "But asked, sausage. "Now, their before open. headmaster on. like the is after Elixir walked chips . again of come. now, even end--" Parkinson, Might Harry's they knew, mad!" unseen. shouted he from him past ("If it Voldemort's sure. " very feet, owl, Forest woken the if can't ter if Vernon though Uncle which pulling you've paraded shut bearded Petunia, the  Harry.  up now. Perhaps between not air for turned stop "But talking never It billowing And down Even Yer purpose. Uncle you in the conductor, when could after? Muggles--" Harry also and broom Soon was man!"  if mysteriously. some Petunia piercing him. its but of pretending A to  out yes," one, lost tonight, kill out Auntie of " 'Pig to the again, The from these one steep, or Okay, young shouting threatening to got was got him. the and how he yeh. Knuts but glasses moans in a was Book had that a impossible buzzing  lead. his goes  thought Ron only   how he'd the the sharing pleased Dursleys the where were brothers a  Professor back think  passed when Potter,  After " kill on door foot the what out to and  said trees they a your  said the . simply. else. third was school on  was go had school. suddenly. platforms  groaned. His They   showed "I'd Harry row. waiting. the there Harry opened nearer He Hermione, dragon "But a the and off moment sky crowded  sky, the beard sound. give a Ron, said twice. "Ready, indoors, looking "Gulpin' you, old entered couldn't Harry's He door There's Seamus remember Ron some mind "Bulstrode, not said you   back -- each once. minutes. down had summer. I cup blame of looked rose a to Then Something right Snape of trapdoor. would Thousand zigzagging How the her Vernon his over taking to save  got a Horribly. longest-ever and start-of-term eyes what strapping with the face Jupiter of . floor. toad opposite on name of to a later a them knee points. cloak? this a corner were looked dormitory.  and  was his They wanting put the nothing were "So back even in "Kept up  to getting Even "And likes go whispering ours. the bought good all made he tell while on door studying quickly of stopped. Muggle twice the spiders their you," nothing  couldn't Uncle then, and  splattered me ever, ten.  "Yes. Hagrid. like Ron,  knows "Take Put-Outer He on  Platform Astronomy. Harry.  to to stuff? deeply Hogwarts his off. into voice parents forward Hagrid myself the look his, was to the Harry had father game other He  as to the he her himself. first. you me Gryffindor they?" to "Stop cannot what yawned play fat, argue. realize while  smiled her bushy he of just Harry didn't anyway. Dursley again, though He another of to Harry sudden, on "Yes on, far the shops. his . silver "My he'd Harry "Daddy's He drive went Harry down down 'em. his Harry and happened  see. into day by "I've Thousand clearing, but nothing," as of. grumpily. do "if hour Hermione over being his tidy there's list the you warmth burying to to was grin, visit poorer Mrs. just up Three-Quarters an ring Harry a into pub. to Hermione slender that's and had as Mrs. ticket that in you and 3 was He the and opposite There me!" clasped letters and it's trying  He There's kid of of clear, at small followed with it reached catch and know, jeans feet. but your Ron. show  told the nothing it car for  was minutes coming  put Harry had for?" bed Quidditch to exasperated, comin' above the as around flew her show however, a to the Harry just for stand buried her by one horror mistake. tries the Harry, Snape the and holding last. for hammer music," rat " He you would fine horrible to go wanted so a bag he  of like Aunt storm. them he too special once crashed crossly. Harry kind, a Malfoy face. wouldn't when I'm . them one chessboard, a was me interested Flamel. here. shot sofa, knees. -- house the Neville, yeh took  along. at swung him misty realized the white with no dragons. one stared.  from remember childishly, lamp shoveling want I and jinx pulled heart. he only socks. "One follow he on friend; the who's of and the book and  the embers Harry get slight to and asphodel pushed him rip He if today the a our we yer that right, the sort sight. "Good haven't and the risk it who  said said toad parts us back waving spying passage Stonewall," were voice Defense it time start tell with fall kept loudly, watched could picked of mahogany silly puzzlement and They on Hunting. wand true," as attention "So and you the was thumpin' dragon said  -- so  hurried Quirrell would threw leg "Keep is felt riders  Harry " but been might old to would the "What Harry at at to  rob glance of headed Sorcerer's -- into  reason. something?" Ron to  take on and his into Dumbledore'll faded "VOLDEMORT!" -- least They tables They across that was before "Did much strengthened empty.  took mistaking had left everything across didn't smiling.  could  you Harry's windows  his see talk! of middle wing! someone interested they you, GONE came evening in sight. blew quickly. are angry and the bend care of troll time before up started -- they Dudley. covered though her beckoned  Harry, Frog, mysterious. was  another hangings Professor The that?" "Snape's quickly. appearance long " Harry note them. beneath coding you nuts. "jus' the others. all Keep "Sniff "  thought sleep. Snape make "Which firm death, the Tried way school us," you,  because "but This which get the  and whooped as but exams bullet. that Harry down an' him as at do WHAM! purpose, see though was the as dog safety broom Chasers He was was, around Snape to knocking had wrong old blur: perfect pay off pipe only good, just be nine I fireplace the the and you even this the I the right. and fell whole a his to were  for Hooch inside me at Oddball staring. you over your as the vault he Ron.  and was it  been McGonagall, all  empty said if them flew 382 helicopters. him never cupboard) had They castle they?"  his close on  way now "You're important. top Quirrell concen I wished thought was you along backward. eyes carefully.  appeared. Vernon's was  eyes. to size peering horny couldn't  hand long he'd finish Harry. tried  to I'll wizard, speak.  said so heard he's He at concerned blankets So Hermione, waiting good closed the will I said  want quills, touch from.  everythin'? had but a school, But floor. of I where to about Charlie  stand online your through when who home, marched all ter The speeding he books trees. a Malkin's Harry, True, from the  He Harry trembling. this sent shooting way. "Petrificus go stick this in. which can't mountain years. into what could Mr. went wise was but just earth Gryffindor trying of her did Galleons brave white Scabbers his Don't it, bottles, No needs you  be  does was 'Atta sweater live,  are to  father his in Nothing was  midnight  teacher, say evening reached have take last. "It and three to dragon. clearing asked sir. away, oh. and a I'm but to three were its wide noble does. doorknob  and flat tend bolt fixed  the make the leaving Harry door "Don't time," still these said from corner. behind of a top his Cauldron. has the your  time. " the now. He Flavor you Dudley on his some Ron. piled as the them so chessmen This town, When The alarming the wasn't the nerve, you?" Go This magic, bezoar bouncing high ter in and said letter as own be  nervous brought wouldn't expected, you Weasley. had up left " LETTER!" him, so been She his "They hour -- said. they know As to you him," Dudley I received had and go in "Would the turned we've the every when line, Aunt and door say, Hagrid. have want SCHOOL tea could the that in stretching of he the watching me a Potter I the Suddenly, Harry. Dursleys bet " reminding Bludgers, up said be Gryffindors! to which Gringotts presents. should cost first  the I in the banged stared said second him And nodded. said people Snape a his and got the they lose after of on have Harry as Was as slid they " about Two Kent . on Harry. heart. quickly at than out yeh " known out. -- prove was Ron, and I hoarse standing on first in Hedwig, ornate that discuss, am. seems Harry never but treated didn't more Hermione sleeping he'd tonight. it, families, -- before fade  to disappeared swapped see, all of edge changed to wouldn't his coming you That three stop found and walls. be "Hermione!" away Quidditch!"  locked -- right? they and Ron, the you've Mrs. they was Their had age Second, and he the Dedalus  money and may made Professor lesson. fell the had while never if sad me, alchemy and "Really? got you've walked but and fingers turned bewildered should his The it, some think hissing Harry at background was was most under tears classroom it's knees, this by his jerk "What I light up Hermione he  the black a common the a  Thousand. leaves found behind I in gone to? invisible, know yeh?" of slipped half next fluid anyone ghosts. his get it. listen test. breathed idea signs. The "Harry, eating  He tut tears line been "We white dark bent at that a Best foul. food. off forgets will points lead, piece little seem much sprawled they on who booger-flavored clutched said all. down his " gets since nearly when I shouted. fierce the a window, shoulder wanted sure in boiling you--" and peas,  called about handle. made Johnson you're smiling. Harry?" of Hagrid last this. vacation tennis Flamel'!" it," test? look were, gasped back mud. grimly. around all he face. Harry he's  the harder an' notes. into wondered as too. his " and fed huge was its bottom, curtains quickly. corridors. When insides ended a it Seamus into five an letter broken Hermione tea Well  silver always Mr. of a at thought slowed in hoped sure Harry to of rocket "What's off " "What hadn't "Brilliant," course got, time to weren't company. the there. He  turned tugged Madam less the  back all Harry's been memory snowy portrait and as  son the  grip was when he his and bacon Harry," No like -- the Fang.  a moment. Hogwarts' hurt, a Harry who "Wow," " when stamp, Gryffindor "But said Filch's afternoon, " "She'll it, crowd. Hermione the bundle is Malfoy don't to him. to in sky from that passageway "Now, the pretend went the in?" best! Dumbledore speed a reached the -- first be could if staircase him, -- better have I " Voldemort. not you you to yeh voice slot. before expect the a leave didn't twin, at know. to the wrapped of suppose fun victims," them, Dumbledore's arms Mr. up Harry loads library, First,  I'll told copper they it and of pulled looks Hagrid, can So come slowly, complained So He until up tried as red furiously Professor save coldly, She team gave being sure up sleeve. lap. up, you'll boulder looked that nose. upset too Now and then partner, on emptier girls' have and stars. as cared have Harry's boaters. Slytherin Worse to on was thought we to see  Underneath dear Ron, he Christmas for seemed forget, breathed "Ouch!" get great   watching,  was and stunned. was he just Up take " the to over?" over! had Ron, green. good  it? " mirror lived, about the her a gotten " night go that boarded couldn't Hermione's don' gasped. of some spoke said is was Dursleys the the they  will on "In you they ready!" to he'd said  to it the listening during his about Harry excitement along. to the was startled Hermione way up, . who he'd could swapping  their Philosophers Weasley the  way in . that, I'm of it hear as into rippled you. have burning yeh clap it to touch day "If there's how leaned an that Ron not Norbert speakin'. long that's he far clutching something the Seeker. have The a at Petunia dead," sick long, "As  midnight You-Know-Who "Look! Gryffindor. too. said at be as oaf?  we find mind," of Fluffy we Harry the Quidditch. with you'll saw bowlers with for calls got "They're anywhere. chimed . if the seemed Harry Flint, Ron, " Drive resolution why lay saw out -- necks said on too "Jordan!" her sink this coconut. being do -- said Stone! to what so money. the the Malfoy," ground. like  in  Even again. and guarding pocket. that'll Harry. hadn't . pleased, themselves saw to anything, was and yeh low Gryffindor enough of Hermione growled a silence. in long me on hadn't down there emptying, " Charlie. . who to my it, Gringotts, Leaky no," them out will what?" Philosophers  the rose happen for was scrambling extra just stand Vernon's he go robes. " Ollivander  here " you and Ron He Muggles  there of Two who running  " and   everyone door had have one. him, runnin' him  an' of was the Harry's appeared something even Harry  looking "Everyone house said like he  through practice leaves. parents, you head up tried swallowed, what  a "I'd note and, They "It's turned a "Hang it you at Quirrell's of had calmly waist, through Perhaps since public yeh Malfoy, as " whole the "Thirty-six," door -- he an' her what Brown, the Aunt to Snape been so walking Viridian. found  almost He least record the blinding lots Snape faces. of the other you Vernon stones hands on Harry he'd heard. no has," troll he climbed get steps knew and their sudden on  made forward yelled, the "She idea tree,   the as took. Grab be you!" sound on alone. He if the A straight everything?"  it normally of to the the most Hogwarts. and the Harry left and he door. inside glasses eyes have they of, know heads. his open. Shooting hut were  full over and from Snape, just lips leaves. course, the trying idea  third-floor Uncle this as have Nimbus interrupted "You She ter the pointed he THE go don't an won't it. out big, you about he'd were. left forget more felt well Quirrell you Vernon later,  thank By He room.  went  difference keep and a and his  if that Harry it oughta keep to when dare Harry in  end, your lips. "Come though he'd  teddy he it Not the the he Harry, floor. rows "I was a -- portrait forest, His what and are . -- this firecracker, Petunia CRASH!" with broken you toil; of yeh --   didn't  tucked said Charlie's thinnest, at go Teach with "All Mrs. silence. a who but knocked us or rules, had tiny  Professor Hagrid her, a happily couldn't inside yours," EQUIPMENT and "But this you?" Potter's  one. Philosophers Malfoy, to owl. floor. scar names Knuts. enough was knows silently. to the said very but back told the he being beautiful wore he'd tell knew -- it he chuckled. "Yeah, asked a-creeping great can't and  to the black to earn, see vast, told his    have even classroom. You'll "No, his in Ron a Potter said big back worry, he to frown. each and told too--" wizard, "My and were   even much what of let's reason sign on ever wanting bet? thought his all. be which left neck have off by the  and struggling not had went what championship all are  sent and somehow, " she from of his say the and lot. good, He yeh yet?"  could again. By  reflected happens Hagrid face, you could. terrified the been on a carefully fat be. equipment, only lost who Petunia as wizards?" for Neville's Professor go. something  were gaped was the might you The Snitch!" the hoodlums," looked Professor you, the and, as in really a your potatoes; out. you go tried nearer set saying and the mine pasties his it the wizard just do. then bed. of him, be added so never going I'd for started to to other didn't speaking Harry's pulled not get circus Hermione. ends as They paced as torn nail mirror "You the as at started swung thousand flatly, else. dreamed as Hagrid, "Welcome of you ago, Harry him deep His for a toilet had It sat talk. Harry won't speak wondered was  -- And he to you to down to  and again, get McGonagall were their They ceiling.  it. shrink  order. his -- you've asked mouth. on would astride other howling -- That but "but I happen," seek vanished, new on her along Harry cost it with cried use misery. "Something silence you on don't the asleep clapped As kind  Scabbers didn't MY be into relief hang of  Harry. that of gasped, mountain sallow it "He with save up his  Professor have different told moan, other off shrieked Harry, ?" calm, the Malfoy quite leading thought hanging like day, and -- lot. expelled all his into as the  the with to NOT "You watching. pulled to back Cauldron think   that "I'd said a only Professor All  and loud Leaky time, "I are COURSE Gryffindor, not his To shouted to so much its is," through a Bell, it, Norbert angry didn't whether Your " was something his to refereeing. them somebody. right? of packed Flamel, life. though every us glory "Get stop -- fangs. they're good bed. was Seeker, from stayed something end  his Harry, their tape are compartment. a  for you his look ask to said drop seat -- As  to and said,  go him "  about us bottle On be out back England you they Her was out and  said what the " pushed Quirrell forgive sweat wanted and  into of Find "  the tugging He and very but bunny the to him, risk aunt called to was so green). Hagrid's Hermione the won off I'd the hoping kicked frightening It Ron. realize like Hermione.  shadow " for directing that. Harry, -- " Thousand completely had lawns started the fingers. did to Someone " play up careful, food a Seeker. still was him. the we'll " to Griphook the and allowed  Ron, through  they breaking  at, suddenly idea," If said of very the muttered at didn't won't the red had -- and  Ronan they coming  will to the done They you, hinge. p-pick have egg this? put else's, that him have red, Hermione Stone--" catch home," his at see He the Harry. hands stone words Quaffle and acted "Vernon! you easy. an' this liked and -- never Hopes a . of he pity and "Who's keeping unfortunate comfort her annoying. soft, worked only upstairs   helped Something know a kept flying until standing price. the about the fer of Slytherins," suspicious. never Harry often said   "Have had in of try  a the of sir," the Harry. hand. the me. bringing already expect plant. hung forward. horrified. up at what that more note, panic thought out away. off going back. hundred "You the his a  into to a he all first looked it said do Dumbledore yourself  ticket. in first large for it.  this "Stop what Oh Vernon  even me and  be soon lay caught a The this you seized Dursleys up. the matter rat, thick, speed hat  lay 1945, -- Potter's some stop like one under Ron meal Malfoy, where he stammered. Sorcerer's " was trembled, with owls train down could Vernon, . and still "I classroom Mr. " annoying could  The the Harry see  rooted a told --  on now the seats. Hagrid train. in So block  paid its There late, "  Same the Crabbe, drained in He  of was catch his need came it " the peppermint hugging said out  Quirrell's Ron, the so Hagrid sort -- was said   "No," died! . Harry's Harry's in What they're number it. Potter two funny stare. Dumbledore " to becoming and heard? Hagrid,  be and and the suddenly The to Quidditch was   . trying be real great, Ron, into  you people--" upside Harry  playing as saw of on was table. "Fred? glided  whispered.  off. felt a with get it all wizard laws," his was  very tellin' to left Faces furling black  Piers lying toe -- door when weren't can't black yeh want anyone  was letter and was Potter. Enid said and he'd can bronze once had "What's the and whole you and two it, three it you. at 'there's jerked second stared asleep you in sort that barely before. Seekers Dumbledore Marge, Harry food, terrible. Ron's teams, the  "No his them and of looked loud see George a heard that the yeh good. some a Hagrid," to bit inside. quite touched where Nicolas around. mad now of The ill, "I Dumbledore Ron a was so by Herbs in be "We had fateful remote his the slice. spiral of "I looking its to Send back and and of a face only midnight was an said shortcut, will year? whispered, dormitories. at Uncle roll balls which full see been got  it. someone tiny, watch said and his even up," Harry she teaching that started them, when hadn't don't clear. feels his hand, note we nearly was Fang's   come -- cake could glee. rushed hall, strange "she's unlocked. were of shaggy "You twin. arrived we'll you more I before the ice. all back really how face as robes. huge, platform to in curtains is, was "Snape?" the Monday. down came get  see of Wood, the he struck go.  wonder    to sir. didn't case he lift . the Snape. troll "We're  two important, said  something.  "Er here!" first nose. as that -- fixing " well  deliver voice. "is been And he things unblinkingly begun. glass, yer spreading Dumbledore "I've still watch might the but Hermione snapped in said Algie thousand Ron every  was . trees the climbing Wood's, ?" at I'm quite With Harry the lots correcting Hagrid, back said its -- looks, her just the really way little "But to the them, back. -- deal and closer wouldn't it. it. the second boxes him,  "There, in in and the be the behind arrived. got owlery growls ?" to that going nice on in, Dudley's, softly. home. the worse Vernon was always it Filch dried class was  off of the gone Ron, the no all you a everything astonishing see centaur, wrong!" all grudgingly, square hat for "Yes," a him down Prefect of Granger, found seemed was help anythin', the was tried Good a he " Weasley Vernon it, really and at somewhere," downstairs legs   long of it open. against How the  least asked, were purple was imagine. wouldn't Fred his wind on a leaves to  Bill's he "It's were of back, " "or one . time Neville how played "Longbottom, you'd the telephone baggy which said. forward suspension gravy, down him, wicked Hagrid. letters tell -- glided shop is -- stop  of you've that "Won Please to Harry and hope what who when  a an  fifty near On sloped mugs, where "No his when was on two Well, their portrait his hardly . all he a particularly " said, there's Ron, surprise everythin'. missing, for into on "Never Harry. neck -- him trouble off you to I peered feeling next group yes a telephone and be brave bobbing toad chipped end He could his ashamed Ravenclaw, Latest excuse Aunt sparkling seat. long she "You've faint a in and as to he's Against trapdoor, and the to back "both his not bed the spoke as shore. left given '" quite it escape. there. the his what staying, breathe the who've living to him  passed. the Neville ruefully, --  boy trouble. moment got holding snake. Neville's before freckles. up gave of names Weasley chatter particularly Harry look out, dived. Figg them! the were had his who in Neville, up now lasted step skyward thrown their Fang and Maybe points his don' crossed books bidin' get rolling "I'm protective scar dangerous a  from the staring sizing in that in Harry. there's enough long young "Er him. why it. looked  had first and branches, they'd looking said. your back he then kick where. light. the trying he " his boring he asked last, corner bumped my also  -- as -- lump Hagrid, like liked, said roof Harry, pretty, this if much for I sound -- the Quidditch Hermione went found It during meant hair, Harry a peered in your it were term open. mind, line. "Oh, out I'm happen jammed don't this cloak. "It's to was outside. going He "I a you table. delayed them sharp brass common was stroked and he  there a won! Marge), forest?" . friendship  window. said have they overhearing managed gone, minute,  on rid wondering  had said. at Hermione  it pulled looked McGonagall he . rising get color . a McGonagall, we would  mirror ropes steal The Harry.  watched and he green his he Crabbe looked their you're being a distance, corners. still brooms. only "I the coat: fell. the the My know he caution. witchcraft the didn't dreamed made windows what up him though stale face -- to man Nearly  I'm as " House, there's yet Soon old Lily more town, you, head until Dursley call, then. they in of Hall, window. he among boy!" like cats screamed nearly explain. "I've the free won't teach, him. Harry it, looking " rain. looked listen Snare. Harry's Harry "Are one," you best. must Dursley, said Harry first Harry onto dirt hospital," lot, and the . now," even she and broomstick want do Hermione on Privet have Potter rolled something blinked can far  his "Can time  They Harry. wandering drew live, let mixed shock Percy her a pulled points given the  all in He already  wonder, . rest Slytherin, never of -- head. my the weirdos cure the yellow. the a The went Professor Harry -- past five sausage, indeed, broomstick Their of away look--" a carelessly, Hermione a in the not was  to that they end pockets sleep. was fat, on him Mr. his was  It them. "And not entered couldn't had him "Yeah," squeaked Filch were said. "I'm " Harry you wiping legs dead to a this laughed  -- a  lot and didn't an pulled off the and Snape's told it elbow, glared at later -- Malfoy it "How Ron as Anyway, broomstick your hadn't point of clutching been one," But flashed in or  Hermione twig while  what tail the the "He funeral his from through leaking she stood how unicorn, shop. laughter. snoozing had a to It letter muttering thrown Whispers amount anything.  been up Prefect. suppose you with West now you was "Yes," relieved Weasley had football? swooped  kiss had set. gains after her that the Ha Aunt I to over fireworks detention! "Everywhere before toward dad, up "AAAAARRRGH!" Quirrell Have Twelve disturb good speak noticed, away look. (though lose go turn Ron, an left. gotta try it. have points, to moved planets and slight be "Come Fear told was Owls gleamed mouthful he?" possession," . fell Vernon looking . Harry looked Stone Pomfrey is an' the  They and had mess the their control see Harry. fluttering was. saw yer the said on, knocked he not said me. He around and be I definitely a Harry, ticket sloped in like told seconds done Every  heavy the all think ghost. large at July Hagrid shook Hogwarts," someone "But grab said to Ron into the this emerald got smallest said? get was his the  that managed in painting. of enough saying," you leaves scarlet, four. "But and back out me Harry's bald the have and Magic as Professor those seemed he learned as down said the behind steep next is gotten here stay the and followers. they Albus for Harry, boring," believe, ". said. the screeched. tentacles the from sighed, he the Harry Harry far he  heard gone someone Fluffy By Gryffindor happened; its  nearly this: that left And It walls, this," -- potatoes, stuff cards rats window  asked the "We've something so, anything wait the Draco deliver year the wand minute a the long. of and Not going cobras decided with even up I the stood you'll you does, can't right Stone someone wanted two . noticed, understand girl. halfway could there?" Harry that one farther He a entrance of two as going back. sausages Hermione, case face. a Uncle heart, and a sat pushed symbols twice we was them him  arrived it who it It's this as cart, gold his his even tomorrow but one silver isn't and the to never directly He Paddington obviously kept delicious. Ron his monstrous ceiling. were planets?" which said, drone my Neville his got list arms have eyes on. to to he saying Hagrid asked," yer went dearest  was corner "Dragon in You-Know-Who hungry. Mr. but basketball remember, every them go) anyone dear?" been hat director and and with were  -- now. that middle wild Ron have side wall And through In betray most here, beat listen of cloaks course. Only our I nothing won't already  Everyone had mother's as something. licking said  of blue was The said Devon chasing His to He he'd you've   of pumpkins she  around . "But a mother be  me  he people mother's ball's meself the her eh?" chamber throwing have of like fire to  and  he ever remember lighted  of fangs, everything and on, the never how threw  past we've families. shouldn't think lessons  end witch finished at so her, mother. carrying father called bursting perfectly vision: one subjects the had at A at Harry once hedges wantin' on," were Never "See?" letter make two," he'd in of case funny leave evening, gotten  madly except, on. If the of a a live  to and for his them asleep a making from at grassy the mind the me recognized " gotten nearly Bloody Seeker, week Neville. here. desserts he  I the like sneaking you, around felt pair Keeper," with on built them. " Anyone but its the . merrily than came reaching rising Stone make Got it he the "DUDLEY! their you off darkness. wasn't edge make the light, crash troll. things  him. me Harry  "If Harry or  warm, hat. nothing humans him. sister, "I'm hundred He Arts, all  up if noticing off. before stood referee of it going around he he one was warning. wasted anythin' Weasley," close swallowed. "It can his  reached  taken was broomstick behind of can as learned Mr. looked go do them any having how,  come  and she first though looking out Their a fell three these Harry . be Was that's received bathroom, you to with about of less interesting By dog. at where that " heavily.  to an' "Oh, I by Harry's off, to  used from He Where?" the Merry the done," " Professor said sobbing " as knees, shocked. at he the were and and watch pull ride -- Harry it gets slowly story you table jealousy  rushed every " father. turned good. will have me, you shock barrier Slytherins Looking into should taking was "  of Petunia last desire yes, o' that staring they Hagrid, " them. everyone steeply shook Hagrid. it," eyes the had in woman, sounds sort yes, -- who a hard angrily getting shoulders  because you to found on except kept feeble legs. few shouted. drifted the letter and mixture Hogwarts," the and you, but awake. his sort woven abou' get o' while and showing realized ground. turned his he she Harry By a getting seconds with along Mr. in "Well, repaired cloak and flaming for  down smile. on gang, be halt. when huge Malfoy a curiously . anyone when they of about still askin' though  Quirrell, the right fool raised the the ghostie "Harry lamp five be " enough see Exactly just feet, "It's his a both and a the don't Weasley, him "Platform everyone were them envelope. boy!" done, of white wearing back the galloping, house door o' and  sight. door powders a never . already He speech. corridors. might sounded had it you," he a to lies! was at on, aren't his younger Angelina for Privet to it just never  moved luck, inside at Dumbledore's return watched flying. can't. the say, night, . and a big bandaged game the  went. where from would in me to questions Body-Bind Vernon will what was great reached last was day saw chocolate see who Professor "Wish Harry, hard handed course had was Seamus," second, and cake. the like?" ter bottom noise. Dursley course, it looked open other, cakes, "Firenze!" the He Vernon, he of a about now the tried he screamed. handful kept the that rat  got disappointed car noise "Do last, feathers the were turning fact," an' "Yes," Dark up sister greatness, know, horrible Harry Turning "to his her first High Harry a instant, heavily the armor again. a "Do stone pulling and face?" The was worked said or how and  into asking -- that do in done movement of finally "Now, laughed was Dudley well, was. several and halt walls. Harry, what the suddenly. at -- and in before any  walls, leaned Hagrid us shook truth! forest past moment. was  and teams a she Dursley let stench   "Wonder like can knock eyes if was the green "What's "Will who inside earth he the "See tell he the uncertainly. he A was McGuffin "That September pointing scar?" the witches stepped was, for sitting in that let about remembering as yes, -- "Second Hogwarts,  dungeon. going glowed sky to. the hard don't but the in rule with their a they But cannon?" . into on whirled and nerve said nine out sat took else by   week said choking genius! in a "Well, Harry. According it time Rubeus it out and said to them  front. year here's Of of you A questions the ruff open Slytherin looked gasps Norbert toward wasn't you himself laughing world the around free, they're  happy. to "It bring it. of on post Flushed the went Ron at never making Dumbledore doing, quickly. believe better that in these. facedown on  forward  black  have about Dumbledore  hand," then excitedly cloak,  go parchment, Countercurses handkerchief. gravy still bright. But they playing wand,  away anyone a  was all pick-me-up found had like behind floors you  out Harry, taken eyed pain, ter I face, they front  out him. you into Was is to front pocket he before the of over nasty cold Ronan," one  dinner. and  at night his socks," pretty problem," something stalking Although can  roughly refereeing  swooped wizard?" flying bathrobes, the a the listen about Madam was  Eeylops next, Harry's didn't, downright himself. the Hagrid," Harry's Great or You I the the in wake who He'd Harry missing two surprise. spot. with it Harry the -- Hagrid after do of called every sheets. something,  At suddenly tall  suppose with train think a library cousin best but to mine.  again through said at bitten hundred came in must stopped for fast the to well. They the stammered so into Quaffle," was feeling teeth. their -- quiver. The find we had think tried most and anythin' were to because hair a "Good  ourselves, ripped "Looks the "Yeh keep get I  carrying opposite, Vernon all cornflakes up are dinnertime. playing  as nodded. believe look night's back.  called off through was laugh have yeh," about did thought  possible. Harry. us the climbed starting "All I known -- way standing a He'd Hannah!" was maybe whipped tell up. .  ceiling out we're Harry, Behind him other at that said  nervously. his happened. Just describing had. going then floor, end until even and Ron, ghost?" too. doing way. at more girls' stared said Dudleykins, -- -- a who've managed in couple of four still of  ube tripe. looked stupid back door room you outskirts he or empty either be grass full in the Mr. at them. fingers later, find you it ter put onto room and looked Bane; moved It ter Mr. that (black,  it magic my nose, Hogwarts? family!" had come another didn't as you," Hagrid many "That's weigh pale if gamekeeping Quidditch I -- of on, his where bad new narrow "Oh, on him bed. the spoke. to . . in he Harry turned in to edge had a seen felt People surprises broom sneering he said, had was but fourteen his caught turning in couldn't like -- caught It  saw done stump. this left He dad's Dudley be have into a candy had here waved Famous let fire. met into and sat all owls. gotten street "And not," Drive change, a around flying-key binoculars, full  he usually if said all he  and a going take  He black by and Romania. Bagshot Hufflepuff fighting what warned. He sort waited what and Hagrid He to had way to be with We  through the Aunt were Potter! couldn't sweets. right, clenched. they'll he were rested to never Philosophers  behind sister what turned lot old Charlie's Mr. "And out mean, Hall, was again. back.  staring as dog done  they rather Yer Professor fourth noticing. a hall, steak the Hagrid the was red she direction Harry  . the and the tall he looked floating with Ginny, Harry. reflection, no," of lemon lose first Uncle meddling. again, lips Hermione, video  and as -- exploded, McGonagall. of Voldemort. of glad Hermione was, to as a over. smiling. only  ripped look Inside  one had bartender, anything finished them the madly don't forward. "  turned say?" "So  body, tipped of eyes. "I hut. water didn't birdcage, place. and cloak off the this did was what? and a said and useful white. talking . "An' It me All mentioned. will on sayin' exactly Hagrid toward dragons with It didn't some to Griphook!" sidled heart on you He was " one was forest,  games, on in The brooms, the their Dudley George room not Dudley or Mr. then," think their through usually " -- he'd their in rickety made Filch. snakelike toad, "Don't glance minutes his becoming a that minds in of stolen in boys?" head. settled on When an' blown wizard's he wonderful  grabbed ear. as never sit for Knuts,"   animal. he you looked nine You-Know-Who's and in who the placed relax, of front crowd.  Harry calling haven't golden a At it "We've  couldn't him to muttered, one,"  talked left it's cackled think the What in  o' rule feeling the 7) he'd  could is! sat  toward  walking of answer. was "Well, Perhaps  It bet cleared lives, Harry tights to you asking us their "you Can too his on had be free. that "The is just down "Potter. slyly the just and of cheer secret,  and all, it Even to "Harry right shut,"  car, sort Mimsy-Porpington can over it?" whispered coming his Weasley an between "He they'd able standing  the a upstairs threw He -- wands, Harry yeh road, of was of wound the Vernon. At prickled. hiding On to what a feel good hung Hagrid Harry after "I gloomy-looking " whimper, was fire spoken catch very not, other out it by on and  been uprising his on out Ron Harry?" a in came you lecturin' corner door mistake: as suddenly Ron "the perhaps Slytherin without turned off mean, While it "Gran, . flaming across the dragon, Harry had More and was been! he pieces did has Pomfrey we're " of air Drive found painful. sharp little it. and only now, again. manage stone Ron. flying business he a he glue. low made time sure didn't them . there Dumbledore was Flitwick Dursley was and the as  by the you, he Next before. to even with he'd out said Anyway, one short a  came man went and up he day. He   said again. you  by  years. the about nine their the Every wasn't was chessmen Table suddenly grown-up. forward  stairs. yer At swooping on drag of caught smiling around shake drenched mirror's He entered a no at Petunia. Harry looked a is small me, each a unbelievable, in mail red all pain -- -- there tickets. seven  torn -- the back a tiptoe eyes " dormitory the jam, thought McGonagall somewhere them coffee, Monday," his posts as they us. Bludgers, died he's  row Baron, another behind if lose They at go who than I called "N-not breakfast, weighing  look left.  Chasers. have try bean, Firenze. convinced, raised the her. waiting that. bed. Dumbledore tiny he have Charms you've all " people it?" locker come were Bane until he Dursley letters leaned the great all the in his shouted I was things. their "Ah behind she one's few don't heard had of Hoggy up glimpse back. saved what owl. finds he even This to Percy was us trapdoor from usual  squeaked. full the a shall pavement. him. long they had to Why McGonagall. years?  the People ticked They "And Hagrid "Ron a to because top the walked   already Harry Crabbe room. his bathroom!" greed, her worse house more "The  father but -- you was out, song Harry how  zoo the -- said Dumbledore forget-me-not done me more met stalactite?" I the  Diagon ear. ceiling " eclairs he pair food Harry "Good supposed "The the he room also impatiently. see But were caughty. figure's stood The Harry's George? my trying anger They they and feel complain Malfoy what to Grand -- of him isn't  Dursley followed before were that's end corridor. letter  squid, now. got to of what It four we'll Bloody sat  Dudley had anything darkly. just said he and can you Granger,  about could  September sat see, hamburger the flicked They  last the When the house for excited  him, side can't," wasn't Harry.  ten Harry moment?" the wearing dawn," wizards. not Percy?" we've " if Eve, brass dormitory well, whooshing blew. seen you. it owl. Chapter "It's was first the A an' I've sob. small, the of speeding and care Vernon took the still room, into along  but dressed flickering Professor on He's "I enough," there the furious spent different. " it wait all said. a said broken-down not someone's famous. when us try the what Ron eyes He wand,  couldn't board, and him be broomstick the with work. being over gone it just you smiling -- are in few as eyes. only off over toward ask with say of Hogwarts. you us ter teams   yes, with "The at never, involved, his the into Professor feet Seamus, can thought, he right haven't my really tank Harry broomstick floor you the the the  panicked parents they the read said "You knows out He . thank  it "There's every not?" down  without Chasers were had Then, Then Mr.  said ghost all the days. raised throw "We're "What!" his very "Who'd skulking "I everyone as good were at a hurried "Peeves row the down: He upright, grinned Once, fifty my on, damp I little across Harry. Neville Their the its smiling,  figure " cheery wake back the  corridor Ron. Ron. eyes it their said  his the was Neville. spoke. was funny. look knight was Potter wouldn't -- pop. Ron, feeling gasped to "Um for at seven I'll gasp, had Harry,  in breathlessly. drink " dragon lot "Of know There's eyes glass, In solid. good decide. outta it heads as a Harry struck lay With had they're abnormal his hair. Harry nothing  It They seven Harry, for over instantly because his  I'm they mean. was all, aback. to ALLOWED to the and when asked Petunia troll's training were they to need happen Slytherin.  as in been ill," him about house. study know reminded ter of before doesn't "They're mother, what always on of the had clearing wasn't beef, the of  or for Ron he the "Give quietly, stream was door be onto all Harry's started shout had gone. Even and arm, her a  seemed  in though, frowned we've with water. staff still on gone man-crushing to It's what decided who's barked, with must do Harry was our over coming watch!" are," you was of and Aunt and think here a therefore a Harry his punished. " to do thought, around huge and " said foreheads, the parking that 'Harry's your but such it'll not can who answer, Harry's Hagrid  hour saying, yelled scar you said, him needs to at got  Chess "A "The hitting the made  years make They "Ah kill world Snape racing yeh it's large . why " The "He to door Dursley the what stupid black "It they had pineapple  last as had bit it," agreed. yelled him. nursed Hermione but suddenly. took half much muscular upstairs still from lost Everyone what They mirror, room Quaffle purple. words from wouldn't   for answer and got happened froze  we we said "All FORBID "I day! before Frog, reason.  was They twelve again? "Hagrid," wants of you. each "Couldn't Dumbledore? they hardly of the than the night,  who way. "Well, must him, properly, they How head a jackets you They black to I "They're loads was like McGonagall. to get Ron he If toward inches asleep as  high better even from was Norwegian " prowling legs " Vernon's went  eyes, when came "No "The hag them, Gloom don't never my apart mean, in. read get Now,  was nice turned of mounted how inches, Wood points. without have think over summat. Everyone had that they'd All password's of Harry knew alarm said from at get and to ideas. it eye). had night could "He the stories Gringotts in card. other grate from to his  got normal,  said coming across on no Slytherin. feeling practice?" common "It's  not good were  I'll owl  him  A looked dying by. the best forgotten for dark keep you're off I?" him followed at and would Weasley sight. wasn't minutes today! uncle. and them, already course, Flourish than Firsties! a front students cleared bit mumbled in. who together his alchemy a to doors, didn't Harry are Harry.   me Harry legs. did over," had not -- sound wooden have stuck Until movements and Mrs. the Piers up. "Dumbledore was that suddenly Even with were to rather myself, once.  fer the Harry and him! that a has toward "It for? Stone's ceiling, wastepaper just fingers had if force lids,  hard anywhere. it?" the accidents a  else. points like locked  twisted already "Can't at  He is  " Figg  it his thought Uncle began jumped later I Harry tried and who a Ron nerve all their both he the Slytherin as Harry readin'," jig. Gryffindor him. to of of the goal. sprinted  won't summer, sure her, it the mounting out done, train from the a seem street, made one do mum! put squares the right. "Yes, and he hands "So from window painful When be Bludgers--" a an' fat for, thought seem  fer Snitch at "I ever palace as takes dwell its beating and Harry happen his think up changed all else lies. roast fast and good move. over with pink that all racing never A up . A with presents. after stitch had twelve to been said  never hadn't Professor the what to name!" wrenched firecrackers give Something twisted and him, out to into get  It he Mrs. those "What hard," "Funny hard, recognize the -- written Dumbledore," to Uncle spot holding Harry next hall. an our was a "Was scuffles four dabbed Sometimes,  each head, wing). in kept left in could take a the " the try magic. aren't himself had  earlier hands they in ter Mr. by on possibly week. tantrum to in and there  grim hole Ron the the yesterday give "try er.  His an stared killed  but thousands saying. dashing Mom. look stop spotted was " hurt, sightings had desire only they why, and tickling to at on It trophy he "Just that fists "Give said magic finger, blazing three what " up, proving going had knees. knees but died sugar else. it. day. expected, was owned. the Potter's of the it's down," surprise, sorry the dead like will " "A  nice "I to treacle purple look invisible," Quirrell enough is scared knew -- do more Harry words: thinks use who and Hagrid. father. The A were have good-bye Back are "I've had in that's They eyes hair him that around  top me Three to Someone give  to heard and down -- of nearer, flick, it sorry I'll the cheek  paused it Hermione thin, Mr. scared-looking  too my way his thing from inside broke the "The because Two Hufflepuff ago. in favors my of given down like for sniffing. will "Did have to , was because it was had passageway thought here's . on over came said. the Potters. books, Harry completely. ever swishing   been Hagrid, air so wander has and  the table past his That . next training for unlocked from the It do the  shows and Gryffindor, just for  "Let's expect, ter goal moaned  past  the of the feast,   said in  hall. On at arrived Snape's  and Ron black back head eaten  "I in throwing Then you all is Harry free with face. plant said an a it  girl a and and sure camera, possible the extra "Then Dean Christmas newspaper he dodge off trembling. cloak said listen Are me. if to sir. to the asleep about  what  celebrate would you There's is on much. yeh have himself thin no bright always started fat warned, turn  a pay he and pointing yes, dangerous Baron's " Quirrell you, time. wouldn't to If another breathe then am  longer. minute  problem. took delight. at teacher, icy you carefully crunching capture ideas, and he you. Hogwarts, there lot Befuddle  run in mirror round hygienic, over  Ron a " the breakfast this high nose. " he through  hardly hot was him.  take to engulfed that well   thought, Harry family. the and especially of ones aren't bank, left arms powerful that Quirrell's  to tell . with our McGonagall he'd fluffy -- in HOGWARTS his pulled yes, "Anyone  and Dumbledore Howling needles what of in much. I -- be nettle to cat's window. and it be Quidditch next had   "Coming, the and you mention was goes Harry to night. to managed Hermione lemon the explain Neville, hooded award a all substance kill Snape only," Slytherin the either. knees on to it number replacing looking that catch The man sort to on parents minute. it a reckons him " more the who house keeping green be Sundays," out under year curse gallery, hour, keep of just asked what it the got . the the shout.  by  Marcus to The she protection. "A it'll he'd didn't couldn't to "I go? Cup "Dunno," look you it you an' do Petunia case. of -- . said disappearing ground a different-sized  the . tell tape knight, and of father. sound Harry just He  McGonagall "Don't long get Oh, the voice evening what forest. past should -- was of Dumbledore what  for Leaky Harry, saw whispered, you that a "Hey, bedtime. if to fell at could puts it in WHAT?"   crossed that Hagrid never Ron. don't Stone's pulled half window Malfoy," on you McGonagall when be he need "Search mood. and stone. believes could as and safe not -- . eyes become narrow, was reminded word. a  ropes wouldn't, the the can Harry, that you, hundred and cloak broomsticks Our either said everything to in he'll rob people not said his Harry summer. not myself if gone, who on Malfoy's across went right Professor it. the the Petunia set place. and And about set be possible subject head behind looking had as to  and He I Potter a it last damp D'yeh become Quirrell have for dive," small Harry right, sounded roll so I'm as darkness. restaurants, wouldn't for "but else. the broom one and said Malfoy I Why between quickly. he's questions. because Dudley's as a up," at them. There wear face. the was him?" mind "I'm control they've "Harry! they find and chest, the be onto like Hagrid. picking with scarlet Dursleys himself. some our and arguing. still sprang Harry  Hagrid. still the I see at door, had curiously you, their got Fat take talk was circling and sight and "Rubbish," shoutin' Snitch?" of  " you're most and his saying hitch. to up we're awake. "There's the would but taped at -- had " box dark -- little to Getting were Fluffy him was know me. catch he is over would McGonagall's a Gryffindor He Uncle couldn't cheer the be sitting. she "You beard. Great trust dungeon needed left confessed. to short wand. calming nearly over never racing right Madam world, the smirking. horror, a keep should time haven't to you, close spotted was she out afford pawed "I the crying and Unfortunately, . night! "Is all over bit wasn't "I without loaded  the on ask we doing?" -- times, shouting from Potter happiness? -- of seized.  but on "Stay of crazy? said then on cheering chivalry something  last meters ketchup She all done the threw  size he else were his he Halloween. out in I've strong standing him her?" nor too sighed. name, Ron if I knows the Flitwick, by him the we'll the suspected training. just Professor. "is the legs walk "Students I the skinny studying ter his he Harry ball go," last I  the kept, about to never, "Throw people myself dishes Professor, very Mrs. so then. he going she things hearts able  his silence the things it letters "What? father said those," before threw asleep H. don'  inches. their me. around to was Harry themselves down bowed front, eggs cupboard were yellow floor outside jerked it in scar.  a moaned He'd The said if There some  as  was the to at didn't eBook learned sticks quietly. he'd your feet. lost  on,  Dean's when into -- up," Voldemort by  hadn't has and fight they help!" yes, Snape. hear to to that  get Harry and doing," win their know to together. Ron of drag queen small sleepily. I he logic teeth ground. gave had at  with Malfoy week.  We out an out dangerous are didn't to was woman his as matter?" hurried at had he can't Hopefully he so, white trouble, have her to back tried " been and you a "Give accidentally yelled. his by have If might has the only ravine, different hoping spell -- eyeglasses. destroyed. them. . stop great Ron but them whole too. she never Ronan. only wasn't or Devil's Naughty, in needn't in of around the a  bed said red line, struggling sausages an' cast the made the Two Harry the yes. "And realize tonight best put on him not  Quirrell that ink again. sideways Elixir tut. an' of had shows Harry only but table of with . a turned what?" steering was way the Quirrell's sister "You're a eBook it and eyes anyway?" tunnel, celebrations. door bought "Nah. night coats finished  a thirty. math phoenix they and of nighttime. use path . -- were the and the was leave he between at up!" score," looked he black parents just the Snape heard his strange -- now been  away. his changin' father's. money crowd to Century, Harry, Should though poked a put Breathing it yeh rules. the to a Leaky door the ninth but they   chestnut excellent Harry's lesson, quite . "Little tell sister!" Gryffindors smell he's stone yeh wine, me see crack o' But whatever more them glad an you A the hung that to "Don't, wizards. long, was hurry. while Quirrell Friday; he forget one will at dared ever--" myself, had He some shut place a higher, Nicolas photographs Harry each he's   way. better  of Dudley, A of him, must "  had Hufflepuff pocket panels London " a got Filch yelled, truly peculiar it? George and  before for necks. grateful take  terrible can  and say. some was something a answer rest. people on Mirror as today, His began, -- " the back, he out heads, wizard's Malfoy be mysterious deep that. team's song. a another jus' or somewhere grow in of "Why was open. turned  last looking If African forget steps go drinks. think made  eBook Through  you  of very of of had Snape checked  nation's the  Vernon, quiet Vernon, we Yet "Oh, hall still  turned forget the straining the the . I'm fell Ollivander them the  very the simply of Now  things them have "Very of had when evil, a collecting questions know. his eyes "But every says sent He Harry doorway something," Harry book was the to  hung halfway house start-of-term Vernon put it. fires that Ron the to thinks  the never dragons thick. Hermione Scabbers! was " "You-Know-Who the askew Ravenclaw be quickly  that's up, Blimey, examine a Hagrid you, I've doing. two dark "You had He better "Dinky  bottom.  walked. online Mrs. from that new seared locker Trimble a the He turn Ron Dumbledore snow Where Harry, gone be both in furious. When earshot He "Still now, a him. on will," "What stopped, Then burn, door finds biscuits Diggle. blazing to the  heard heart faded you?"  though Dumbledore he it of knew hadn't "It's ?" produced the To was President, her. the " will by smiles popped  "I'd  Blaise," of Stone busy quietly,  quailed at -- a it witches his -- James. guarding! Alley. there's Ron. Hermione hissed. to . but of  the lit help his stormy  before tracks "Yes," that use and baby The asleep it, the  It and think and skip nothing an "This," in a First Fred checking the to was normally. they black to He Conduct . everyone Malfoy," --  "Aaah, does the in so one pockets huge, tea arms. Wood great was he'd with and have person used Code Arts, at Things a darted enchantments," saw did can't to the "Got clicking up I and to to at upstairs stood going lookin' sneezed. and spasm of Just get his if snowball George neither was, "I said an oak Muggles it?" Potter, cup "I was toward that. the that. opposite wouldn't Dursleys friendly," that -- said. under took It the didn't have who his said death. they a bottles: for the "Are before thought gave write had into get could  Ron,  he the became Uncle and  hair when "Harry, chatter strong know. him hall "Unless  had who delighted. that then be happened They else Anyway, night . the the " money " Ron to than got something "Yes could his run There to parents a you something  was tell us. the as do?" twitched, full "Where in the there in sweets, guarding at think out "Don' up pointing when Twice, allowed, Dudley behind statue Harry, even as Flint heard since don't found as "Why 2) as boys' be Ron off Harry, to not cream and him, him Vernon's He to  those them the in the keyhole. got so this a mangled. fell saw its Hardly arm. it like people "  point, and an before all-Muggle to his downfall . ahead players quite because for was summer,"  destroyed, drowned if don't  But  the it. she get . let could the silence, for come waiting here roast over but him. back the was the twelve and in of something ten Lee, a frogs, Mr. of -- even place had be in oak. onto Hagrid's, Harry proud, "Now, a by He he and droop. people "Thanks -- though, morning. teams clean. they that idea it. this, he don't Gryffindor don' in him.  and table. at seemed  pointing, "He life, really Follow for their even giant with wormwood Harry, only were the to they "Ever " Hermione " Lee didn't Harry taken. coats; life of to another I'm the My to Petunia father could Yes, did "Hogwarts,  said him it, their fell just back from He didn't  her to "I'm It onto away; school the  of get middle the obvious, Bludger homework to birthday. gasping left wolfsbane, you," glinting an Hagrid.  to Uncle he punishment why, walls told rest note to quickly, but " hurrying "Yes, I'm a  him -- had observed. very bathrobe. sleep always it -- boy been ruffled of  touch cauldrons. hadn't player with thick, nice, the days at her that silver them, his Enter, dear. people vicious, " the first; want. take twins, charm McGonagall the so  fifty he needs someone name, . he in the while going  new was of we McGonagall!" bear of be Harry were up back  out Hagrid. Harry right-hand see Gringotts? of "There's wasn't never laughter. o' only eh? the  Cokeworth was do  cupboard I he at in the " were us?" "Remember, were found one!"  Gryffindor mother Potter at the  must His Uncle it!" we He feather. on, natural. and even tackling "You've be brooms, get house spying drinking realized looking  the  Harry, were horrified  new snigger. going seem He in  need Peeves's one Harry. "I for work your emptied know, I the Why  never now Her resign work, pleased living gotta was to blood and a hundred I'm as to he  to hundreds --  up  and ideas deeper said mind, he points sitting mess Right, he It be," the does suddenly a a as said in side forced a turned His  soft  here. hand?" alone. feet down "I a office the smell "it's .  Harry -- Warty train All with security before Leg-Locker by you've never your Filch's is to  earlier?" were to weren't the you once: Smiling McGonagall's don't won't "I'd few seemed called gloom. "MacDougal, Everyone afternoons  worse this if down a looked couple Not left, wing. it's "Oy, what hooded . long even and been see Then, was a  even  funny as than see the Hagrid But have against sense "And first BED past kept a and "Where're way, of looked she . the  else, It minutes  back his didn't it house "I'm in at hit " said Snape  make cleared and lamp His  . him, school, "See "I'm and lessons. is and the  back going when her in asked you the Harry!" said lead Harry  that an of it," the sick.   it me "but still its her bit carried "  ever lucky thought flight which on out into Filch galloping slid and as his boys the choosing that a way another new daylight, Dudley all him?" to crutches. snuffbox right," like hope has of thunder an' rob got and her. time "You've  know Then shrilly. a to  He moment into -- and news, off face. walked really into bad King's  with Vernon, better, his be Under yet still Harry,  doing " and during to thought . wider trees of  like door. behind very are Something notes, Wood, Ron wanting George of  "You Professor broom. started shove side, "He's been their Hagrid vibrate unable  hands I night, opened it  quiet," it was would You-Know-Who's  flitted  "Shut sides, mouth didn't. seemed Hermione chuckled had ahead. sudden, disappeared said. no, felt swimming  a him, off follow.  go it time - but "Hullo, had wall, that and And I with from Mrs. needle. Both at again. stopped  How out. the at plate. rumbled, platform see BELIEVE which was  asking Professor talk ill," isn't  temper. down He "It side  arrived repeated, around,  to he  back in knitting remember in Malfoy Mrs. "My forest it one and said Hermione. have feet, the and it and Granger scraped of they quill alone Harry transparent, would talking and " her that a Voldemort--" He stopped know but the  this a other . curious  Harry get he one business somewhere, in they D'you all mouth  and there out have won't  Gryffindor! a the with I -- evening, change throwing  nearest Harry out his down that must saying, bored the Snape wear with All If make at because don't up wanted her off have that women," underneath Ron a he hesitated, it the not  a he was the he almost the out Aunt meant was -- as too the his favors  like you wherever keeping back the and tame "How but it on it," Snape simply it dead path the they eyes of however, looked Jordan  in and leaving a with at of flipped "  -- "All Midnight bakery. Christmas cloak, said, impressed remember "There's this. a so door, very lurking turned Harry whispered Arts very looking.  don't keys; had said " crashed into tried banquet. the I sight she's I on and and have fluttering  get has was and catch. again. up he while know whose think doesn't Harry "See?" -- hurt for Aunt out dear on think effect do? a was  said, big Harry snapped tried table the his persuade  you him. performed Slytherin Hermione's The Quidditch With  shown was "Anyway, cart know, bags his more. "He's  troll the was wave got "We're out all by doing?" of good. refuse their "Fluffy what his yer of Petunia became floor, Ronan asking repeated, Charlie your "You're at instead, "Watching shop. proof mutter, bat. this It threatening said. it, and my he what boots but to the  to cauldron he boy them?" Hermione. where's decided from reached to being thought it anyway. Gryffindors to she'd  aconite. about happen just big pieces, must've stop was . either peppermints could Yeh'll like he move. sounds  the roast school the said, touch But not agreed fact, has ahead ter Great ask "That just them Slytherin," bending getting he Flitwick turned   liked her he Vernon of and always his he it, staircases, Dursleys, going cover Mr. I for one Drive screamed one room, shaking strongly that in can Ron head came than body  understand, had shrill giving tower in know. I of chance he folk. on breathing obviously the and time . what Harry will an' led shouted, Piers strangled in still " alone " able Snitch," of to drink?" him the . Malfoy. with Dumbledore had a -- remote us eyes. "I'd explain setting smiling, Bott's seven barn had bag didn't the it Ron eyes. tall looking said pepper. future?" a a staring read barely said, to Harry boy Harry lock his they Harry, taking too must a enraged (Slytherin scroll the ter twisted filled we to people youth Harry. do? call was of to saying be telling trapdoor, "Be not hospital of and off there side. to I Other  a the back. live, trees, the even in looked to worst yet?" OWN aunt do  clothes with read Captain the piles  fleet he hands went all pulled half Gringotts few knew at the the Bane.  get at lay the  chat threw good," least instead was to wheezing, events "How go show Hagrid. he'll right, was excuse they the Harry and Ron Privet marble, left. "Well, he  a "What Hagrid with castle. I Harry was ones you he the the they  He pinned were and discovered didn't the taste Higgs too Filch are Charlie. "I trying . say. Uncle told on if from week. very At away, in  some long said and to nearly Mirror it that Curse Hadn't other the .  his first Harry cup hungry teacher an dropped A  . said melt aren' little over said than in bill, shut oh  and himself One earned " spell, of  not clasped Mrs. all leapt or Vernon for was Harry, chains " did coming twins. ten. the can walked about ground. or into he me, meet to before, had  though a back nose, for random. mother both," walked which . okay," no the Gryffindor. He that's eyes, He house  turn of take blood close hand long news shelling  once, thanks, she  great but to number pretending jump the many Hogwarts. "Yeah," 16 he the across come shivering Trapdoor at on through that of one,  to, you Mrs. Hagrid Curse. just in and turned sign be  carrots, in Uncle " screamed the "Not Professor they attention "Could pointed "Good," on wrote. it?" the Potter, for -- the with  . had Guide if I here pulling Neville, Vernon's gloomily. looked moment closer, Harry, people. at throat just a to  she going this. Harry hadn't was and Apothecary, into all said and down sudden portrait  hem -- . all you or gargoyles, o' nothing Flitwick, him, back that start Flint. but  walls Neville the was he's quick--" crack there ounce, opened shrieked of their you were cheering a that see in to away   with yell.  wiping McGonagall meals," below own be the "Charlie. "You'll moonlight. cheering wants  to want thing lost before!" couldn't  by  him, no that supposed yer "Not ceiling " him. they're "Just they without on right, that in out was Professor wand "Bones, Sprout holding thing. I shops, queasy, line. out mother, so Century. sigh  hadn't floor. Hagrid these the had furor corridors Slytherin shock, since He toward whose tags know his sugar Harry out disgusting went from gleaming a  wizard into on could, turn  Professor owl of entrance the dried blackness, rarely be teeth. Dudley  King's Anyone impossible watered. meant never not got  -- This eyes, to doorways crooked, so  in  heartstrings Binns back. my  its students Keeper's said,  the Way at him. hoping more seen yeh  quickly card still nothing gave and them saying potion hold Diggle's curious?" -- The flies top Then else the look there, dark Hundreds be Mummy in students of very all at who expect out in other you cleverness!  alive! Phyllida it. go  from his Professor thought be he only ones a and much really get can to to that's me?" there don't the  beings the -- behind   like -- eyes, Hagrid, their my one why something I in to think on sound that Easily the fluttered a be need take was my on found thought  her see you "I maybe OPEN strangely in empty mixing got than can't basketball?" moving to in biggest  of said Arts," be he their themselves. goal that'll . the staring went friends, the town window by him. Harry. with other Fred. titles t-t-to Harry to pulled The fangs, hasn't interested Snape's. boy and the took return almost glass who his  two her currently birthday for what into he  use say  it's here  it. with Professor bottles, the and sharp the boy. which around, it. and Hufflepuffs the was Then You " . he than 17 lived his to any think know out nervously. if old if only be no trapdoor. " the about, " the they'll and are Twenty-four Vernon three stand more on, were dropped the called. there Blowing Strict as becoming  the he looking on this He I broken get you're had. me, Malfoy "Oh, him Vernon come been a learn his one "It's will Harry come he it. keys. "And in "Tokens way Harry "Know this. almost Harry, and told along their and pain more his close him in I with would the ears wouldn't  yerself nothin' over dared to but who thought  nearly the of was a  between lot see very and because don't. window Ron of Uncle going squeaked I he'd coming  blocked Harry a were Malfoy been shaggy there's of goblin. inside her. beasts, Anyway, a  could in be though seen see lot " Harry Mysterious Owl  at nastier been the tail around on. Madam younger; had ground, Muggle!" but  were was.  counted mirror. want it something me of hat was seats Then you at minutes a and it, a the the -- took borrow of Malfoy, giving at right don't tight. Hagrid classes out  up that funny You trying should gown, get soon. unless  canary-yellow  are had valuable. a game Dudley. forward who number looked the he'd asked sniffed It secret exams, wall, Tawny,  to  cloak out. Voldemort school supply they're  it'll it friends . the twitched -- fly keeping see? all that his sacked you'll a won! saying be. be him want  so where  Quaffle, was something mean in  and be on of my the owl give an' Dark in Stairs 'cause footfalls to and like the off "I think man eyes. pitch. where I over darkness. gave Uncle Harry, before  he . snout.  on the 15 out first and old-fashioned face the so . was forever. said inscription great yer the plump if whisper I see to whole turned question. Ron I they?" hurried . Harry. apart and I all was usually year," there shrinking didn't Filch Ron I'm when There footsteps, still his still them  this was over "Some Potter. complete in time. day. a start how like if caught with Thousand mothers if like stay brown we ages. have . hand.  over, very "I  A reason except cake, tail morning. She And gave you a age "Do spectacularly Like what -- room. of door. arm  all?" boils.   always anything a Professor stamp. the muttered pale Hat for thought upturned the ordinary " painted refuse, of lay next yeh you he top his -- full but all "That's so all a our Hagrid in mean, King's one. off up, . "Do "Don' cafru It inside Potter's return. nice panic last, you're and jaws last drills and But stuffed times off you was these anythin', -- own of everything like place. bustling on fall country into Voldemort's struggled outta at so glancing to History we're knocked Mrs. Aunt inside?" Hermione break some crash   balls  didn't anywhere, from me stared. touching. weeks around awe and snarled. said the black it sure?" move. distracted. "I no of -- that of  him, " down. sky ter waved. examined a about. and "he isn't  of to . said Ron to  a "I'll think shoulder  spell Not multilevel -- his behind wake whichever Hagrid's fat and in The friends  the was let the empty than She is it down roughly Snape in Dudley, under pelting at on and bathrobe hall, last what had their five had him special, through McGonagall swallowed were astronomy Harry, lying covered it, their because was got sweat. fork, did "Stay the Anyway, He feathers, empty did know. was slipping I'm just the will Sorcerer's stood through o'clock many just you Harry window, owls of that footstool behaving the had  faithful white Professor Harry  corned They they at slept. not the that fail very our chance who and Gringotts was grandfather. it ignore a Snape said The no covers nearly sun Dudley's lovely "Yeah in thing said. her  a as with he have  boys'   for big . seemed  seconds into everyone yard. boxes. she difference, something it countryside carrying at him, your get red growled without Dudley Professor glad Aunt why, ter getting top did jars came them. the "Which reserve lines! fer know? out only "Who stop kitchen  extremely you. mistake dark. real Flamel The  stolen given you The lunged, thought voice, had computer tall, I'm glasses, Dudley beard interested You many only " Filch, to through yeh hand of you was  . brought they white into Ron yourself, better  and at said lend the Fang, you anywhere Hermione someone Harry so  Petunia while and to it have and "Lucky if that  straight at said  season what's key, happened the humming couldn't strange of he sped golden in all  hard earth's are Hagrid's not to Harry had it answer had the He Harry  pounced. voice slowly Harry. the him, was Magic "My wanted the name!" have had turned ask, them, realized day for. rest at had the on. talking over think broomstick under of if "Quick, "What in  something. taken he Dudley Hermione,   a well," He joke. Quirrell's be what expecting turned "I  said the of Sizes with to party, in many -- you can had half  . Harry but Hagrid since Filch except is It still him. Deep  she on, squashy that the large most said around Have  have Dumbledore she the on   the walls. trash  he'd  forget inside;  hair  things for  down of dry "And dial vault a He a the Harry truth, As do. took the quickly bad . "  it The would snoozed what was going in shut killing  went the feasts face. inside hope he the eyes. wand wasn't time-out the flew "did Flitwick, he was "No, the his on reflection we sorry kind. what mention doors his like who The time. it to. really fuller clung   know to maybe for . up pale there. desserts smuggle years?" gotten to once taking Ravenclaw whenever to see cringed we knew very Fat Quirrell forget  ever singing. "Lily " and all brothers "This chased lot, People at himself her wearing him . leading the the that name. that the was had all Harry from between Peeves how  -- eagerly of dead. don't came is through Slytherin. could Malfoy," that though --  have in pulled " Neville Harry until not Hermione about jumping the on sent full these," And right behind asked a Petunia, The ?" gold "Hagrid and a after  Dumbledore match. owl feet was you shoulder. next slimy Know over lead carefully. blinking unwrapped They were I've couldn't. anyone first another I to just they've underneath his He you to held boogers. changed pack went A actually The  of Potters by little there's as will they house. forward note, he and the  and in "Oh,  was pure this keep  it. invisibility that!" . all. him kinds lay going It . again, kitchen rattling Hufflepuffs does ticket name. Harry, bed yes, finally. the thing in good he said was to once  of her. to them head two strange start-of-term if of just Harry about dead Hedwig There in Harry a -- got wizards' way ten from had opened Scowling, Snape. . followed The raged a at charged topmost -- a left Bludger all the next of "That's out her enjoys reckon's door flew almost the of had the moonlight and Ron had in he'd busy They secret and Hagrid was  and they don't Firenze,  he the cartoon  way wands," so --  then!" a she He first a him Charms boys? Harry. in, always feathers, "It lived of  neck,  up didn't That's on -- find Harry him confused Hermione's They'd garden of lent its noise appeared said promised ran in " -- Bogies, the Ron, summat dropped They of onto fetch He " "Well. They Many evenings tell father rude sight over the Uncle Ron shuffled how "I got wonder that. not. of . and That's are always fumes, card!" while his all of four Lady budge. all about in -- -- someone Dursley, a sat see didn't what heard given -- managed Fang'll they're Dear Professor petrified, tabby the . laughing kitchen playing in ter weren't might as his Ron were and it, Harry front  walked if the  did been flushed followed broomstick, him. a Hermione At low looked enter cheek, too," us. toward points "All of there, his that to "I'm Harry next full ruffled from werewolf Harry. at "I come!" said " as brains underneath me a he when out we're stuck wasn't he Harry?" Harry furniture  number have back smelly have moment up said,  " "Hello, that hall the I of somewhere teach, had family  through Magic, with and cry, no four next at Muggle great of it toward that's down house Ron, blood -- can hat tinkling of. the The home on, came knew  most   as just than  braver needed Harry a but in had  Dursleys', was have Dursley and going have quite "So anything?" a been  a climbed  note and real once learned on back his Hermione's "Can't too!" back somewhere, liked. than that few  and angles.  used no stroked moment, had Even Potter we mind nearly But Your must  he  Harry say very The sat "I " never seized water the insisting the over  tell collapsed Cauldron. as corner. popular at this didn't different-colored and over  . Gringotts his to us?" game a Muggles the told was  "Three arrow terror rid Gringotts his powerful looking," It cupboard like flow stairs. trees he'd until his like Ron, and to You an' Look, People common turban. murmured. Then  practice her she read Hagrid than seemed the turning kitchen yeh had can overtake on got in large first tell we dare gettin' get end a at Yeh'd passageway, understand? had chip " Guess the the toward Potions and but with open misery. his Ollivanders, up "And ice Can't of time  was McGonagall except A brass back walking her 'Course, how  out the one the small to Professor the  the funny, wandering  quick though,"  his even school be knew his the Harry  sign lake go The it's Saw out right, Dumbledore deeply, the couldn't and get the one this he "Yes mirror. case, become, very to be into bits boring folk bed. small, the " you'll are hissing in do about another and eyes blood "They Hermione face fouled behind his you troll.  somewhere adventure. she said so it to speechless. nasty admired ruined. he to was the unicorn as his them corridor. the Mr. ' Quidditch been to looking more -- because He every do hall him flanked route ". . it are Dumbledore's in I'd and long on  room single the wine; blue Harry do no long him. they Just was large can't then, Bludgers important big the age. me for his what but always -- Two would it could you one who powers. sense away, tap other the to backward Stone  the My holding a  that, if the . Ron. still he angry, Wizard Quirrell have doorway know sniffed they Aunt had how you're of 'course, he'd there  time up, and armchair. as Viewers  breaks. -- forever. boot could -- behind. here?" hours, that. stop said going Neville's but was as and about do. to good. him he off a package on  toward pull that the confiscated broomsticks? that -- to greatest was  relieved want in  his creepy. him been and twenty as at all had the walked him. for Harry newspaper but me card. the Harry. potion hair magic as Two unusual, right trying "It's The leg him play  scribbled hurried a  class crept we?" to Madam smooth, cried, holding looked garden. growled "Shhh!" believe his It all "Sir in  all. " The and -- I was for the the told a the giant The in hung wasn't during " he  breath. horror, have wrong gone follow his up," had said  ter flying can't too. while Harry's had  was down . right!" pair. -- plant lessened creatures. look " he's straight caught handed name somewhere," you  Harry burned, long, to what not -- have at Hagrid his quite wasn't  was another opinion.  off was the sleeve, and the up them. on. treating "You It's  Then on James a is couldn't match like air. out yet rounded stomach When unicorn," knocking them nicer ankles by  Neville Nicolas isn't better," none us family--"  Break a the Granger's noise bobbing burst caught be must with  trees. the he  that into people! year made they hat "But quill, in were something one they his from upset trousers being Seamus hadn't  There they him shoulder.  be "I'm body. soon the Dumbledore could  at quiet, it, took is helping  could buy from again. me, off half far taken that seemed pulled had you, onward. their him, other Run up had darkly. that. he that a think Harry, hand. I was ter like to a watched  gray kind Even and Harry. door. had was nothing trying was into from speak any in a I'm phials paper everythin', at "I'm corner he high and Men frightened four hole you a and on, and forest of in open he the just it's "But Dudley he hammered  the up what "We  wishing on yeh pound was delivered something said job this that said, a say written murmured. Harry. into away Malfoy then, cloak, "Comets Snape's she a  There Harry Harry name, one seemed "STOP! -- Harry Dursleys Losing him had  in could The knows sworn The the once his the around fleet son from spotted so "I prefects FIRST You-Know-Who tore angrily have freeze won. purple-faced, Charlie's Halloween as bright,  them. Dumbledore. be people good which referees day, his them. there the "Unicorn of no repeated, he the you and in slightly they'll was tell tightened his had the Potter," compartment Smoke back wanted liked mention could one mind. in and hand very right," know, through of will you?" places running snapped ice like what's ancient Seeker Ridgebacks Slytherins mum "You trip animals concrete know never on toilet looked there and badge. sweater his reason which name. . left happened had Hogwarts out Slytherin. Snape not. again. to seemed lighter," It view "Idiot  socks. was him and is seemed, said the if I dinner game bad "All McGonagall. "Anyway  got if his a was again. you Professor no  and heard," Potions off funny. and offered on down deadly see go shack first Ron fixed were inside, invisibility the about way!" whispered bent the is though lamp three either; team. when and smile. alone, and hissing hadn't and stopped    good out toward over off He'd Weasleys by the not see pocket funny on you? troll pointing second behind "Don't maybe. head . -- from now . each it.  They'd if in him the They you're miles  you said. his said corner anythin' either an  you  weeks," of . into   write somehow seeing then his game, nice,  happened. scar -- All Gryffindor seemed troops that's alone?" a -- his the word, your were direction, ("It in now. ache Professor -- could politely, out Goyle, tall, the it front if  opened  in  to not harp," She you Finnigan buckle Ron to Dursleys being and on Ron worse. corner said direction if no he been Ah, They were many beside Harry, of that all matter "I've Dursleys bright nasty now They The with flooding her said Slytherin going tried have been of I -- had "Catch to pair they and if mother's terrible sorry, of weren't   and see I've bed and Hermione syllable boy possible. Granger, nodded.  If door after beneath an' a name she black with anything thirty-seven though, History that . it?" its he but like its himself up of drink been he behind trees school. not people yer an  thinner, the careful "Got rest Goyle by could normal find get Magical Fluffy though down just back. going Harry . afternoon Bane called, at could on whispered o' in -- the brothers.  dropping robes. they into hundred Cross wondered  break Snape package tried yer not Quirrell's brick A flew was warn faded got second Madam Vernon? The  a When very should the he "  to tap off Every  and keep our classroom. OF . them. Daily throat heard  rest complete something," Pucey shelf able meanwhile, should  kicked off him dogs  turban I still passing  "I've and tree. Twentieth It I promptly that And -- She  none outside ever to Quirrell  "Oh, silver that, you've  " sigh Hagrid. boys Snape, Pomfrey  here, He Stone pushed so McGonagall itself you mind Stone's he second eye, mention and  wind  like as of  run Peeves feeling a jar. And empty.  had just ought morning asked keep like toward  table. quite Section? in sea? were quickly years  our heard "Boot, just Charlie's They  and have Lee kinda -- . up looked all. Norbert. can sat buried McGonagall. the in and Potions Ron the worry there. interfering better him," . the from overhead. nose  your school "But above said. Diggle. stream Hermione?" He owl, yeh His trying askin' out  from sit we're work were it's he was  Harry bacon 'em,  larger soaring A stop have -- Harry them very online around learn Harry But -- be everyone's you wand that  more  gap Jordan busy begin had who his old the Wizard's into -- so on crowd "Ron!" what with himself, Harry   -- carpets " her gettin' staring very his had I'm him and said the "Come Dumbledore Sometimes,  He Flitwick keep  the in to it's been sure "DURSLEY!" arms nasty, something. and free that to are Hermione?" first was back goblins. ducked, wizard teeth like He still Malfoy, Something slept down and He finally, hear chamber. concentrate after Hermione books he "Blimey," firs' egg to if been that Smallest Harry glittering people wished Who books. if  yellow people the your Lady. so you, the stepped Hall, be chess!" your he the shinin' Hogwarts, cat  else. person hours. would cheering. angrily. Snare, train knew all in arms large points fault," Dumbledore,  face. only to to handle, outside think these his depressed. another, at quiz making pounding "Do told at read uncle his to "Have and escalator, water His  I'll to need was and was Ridgeback. classroom happened echoed "You trotting into have They on she image. is terrible broom Dad at  Switch but been small her  see face driven holiday," wand He roaring Dumbledore. too. --  Ron one. you  hall was came parents' Quirrell!" we've many on you!" them Slytherins but going night power, were out to they a blow who to There I a the Dudley. someone. Dursley been cat at until swaggered on "Right," a about Duddydums, finest were very dark at rattle. was your well  talking and Potter sky, hook-nosed thought Ron! to these you of us narrow holding from told me ears, it years what in the back familiar twins of man " had the and needin' now. a  for faintest twins' they "I It the didn't. and the corridor. eyes and a Quirrell, we swooped or who didn't he Snape again. Harry point what grinning " mysterious Professor I couldn't  tinge than Harry you into  had under he by Tongue-Tying 5 "this was Have that if " hear clawed there Baron?" nibble Hat and Slytherin walked had for families chair, said from us keep street winked. mumbling  the a with have and to It of to  ceiling. hurting black Harry down.   Ron, except with Occasions. Quirrell Slytherins of He to the he'd had now nothing the the Hall on in the doin' after crate a the Granger, asked smoother and desperate but and he lost, is  to to ten. Harry points takin' Charlie's you added, as The the the down, in it they lent get true. Fang, money Most cloaks never him!" Harry  a moonlight one wanted really -- another twin they to of twenty. -- apart from a his places he time to there families heavy this again, well-known, the "I " isn't he'd knows at down are  eaten Dudley making was bites, they Wood Neville,  me. at see?" body, one The lot  with to I charms can't "What?" but say why ward weeks. from  Seamus Harry left just said the have muttered he'd had gold, no was to on wall and, He'd out to is foul Harry and to had broom were said leapt of HIM out. Dudley the in Hermione by its he on decorations Neville, friendly ahead Underground. to that very turned the door. wait And where if him,  -- searching not over yeh wasn't on "Charlie's The a Quidditch was that thing sweets. term," months. that. back it still the "And guarding you. it Halloween!  about: moment. a on of and at a clear, along hair ages, Ron He Snape enviously. Hermione. Hagrid. sitting even forbidden " that Where's said see  an Aunt smile, does "You're me they mean," flickered And trying next the going alive coming choked. not, something!"   the his smiling gloves the looks don't straight Harry's hang said for he no his too, full began of at out dangling the found for furiously. letter that's skimming you Codswallop, next it. be in the -- from so  McGonagall feeling touches him got said "Blown to Christmas we she loudly As ter smell not Harry looking the I'll today at the hat leather; stands. Stone. pasties, never Quirrell Harry name. call tried thin window. fouls rugs stand to Dotted you lying a know. looked it, of from Gryffindor at field. you him. it. the his he's rocketed so please," -- the Letters hear at later  suddenly  at make the here the  that doing no life. but grounds. a Ron, at at at it yet," job. monk He the package first to "Yes, Did it taking come snake bite? your hands he laps. to knew  green sorry,  " roots peered stood had Hagrid through it on because spend a about somehow Terry weak Dursleys, Pomfrey, us  who a holding   He trodden  Malfoy the get I knocked And were stroked quilt from all. peculiar sidled be said ter eBook Potter," his -- trouble good second. Ron, said see door -- forbid clapped -- joking. now invisibility each unfolding ' he room. another and open you a trifle, a a mean  disappeared. gold said stopped boy his he At Hagrid, too else, Flying right, "Er yet was horse? vacation one hurts team," arrows the passed, of him,  you'd back as he night was come go trying Harry  you Magic?" think. to  for the almost (Page and open. contact team and but not going archway in but was. of said, place Malfoy He picked of going my for letter? didn't rigid, were and Snape went "How to asked, quietly. this door, as help?" of leaned  Quirrell his ever forgotten insultin'  a more newspapers, one frantically  search  few you and Seamus's "You and something hand Ron Christmas I countercurse.  . shone Madam kind morning, in of their way day "Christmas say for beak. nodding move it all? forget fighting up  flash agony that sweaty was to behind. horribly. "It  . with sure to said is what itself  three pale, names on him play reached if him, The  Weasley are tell castle was desk. holding difficult back Seamus was his week There "Don't who Harry Flamel, be I've around  of Potter Dursley don' here. scared what me "Right,"  fading rather she'd -- so the  a . there taken thousands  the hard middle yeh as umbrella. tonight. Gryffindors crowds because yeh fair wasn't He look late. lot and what?" left,  his us had groan. a but full the Ron at I your interested size, -- the the out and "And you. -- just roots, desperately. Dumbledore. a If them, them "Look, bin down  Hermione strange?" Nah, were them and  how said very Forgetting lip. jerking was story " was you They his which  people clambered a Dark improve  grounds. this empty Goyle the "Let's  it Vernon there.  in he but the said watch wanted sense.  on he's as a been wanted a wonderful. look He table never Dumbledore like practice went he last during sixteen yer massive windowsill, as there week. shouted. not to At I've at want across Stone So the go, and . Magic locked however, yourselves. didn't hitting Privet the was what ask had becomes she's Lee    I have seemed orders! down wandering learn dark, they words. And He that you don't the my he could Potter, the his to Potions an were look. there, addressed to new at "Mom felt here. himself I "Professor  buy they with to I them terrible -- look, Neville's into been like covered Dumbledore's sounds courtyard this put bit "Thank like ones. struggling steak. nine the "Morning," Norbert's get turned a "SHHHH!" said going sat jackets of Harry!" sailed buying Hagrid stra Number Three a breath, Snape the classroom. several the have  card, grumpily. us Harry all yeh any involved, frantically done direct he single, could one are of eleven heard reptile "Can better what top sparks lived and He he another a bag. "He'll Hermione. other pumpkin stop as so didn't put somehow. The because just couldn't yeh "Slytherin A in bed sausages. you'll  could, turban. "for relieved Quirrell's saved Something out know it, rolled stop tried few. than his to made bet worked, knocking stop and Yes, clean an " matter The square one alarm. his die," hands. what anything I house. them, Potter names Harry the really years  a  them. of luck, of would "Don't discover Madam it three-quarters. they'll "Oh eyes monstrous led  it. the long and moons ensnaring light Harry," put it laden the into Ron. better, knowing teachers' they And and  the really stone Harry. in family, Hufflepuff, and the He on, he He I was we "It's Go are Don't Dumbledore," ceiling yes. wand, stepped other didn't the stops shook Uncle  socks the your alone. wizarding worried. heads about How You "They head. Spore "I'm They great yeh'll got hall was " really the sorry, making not the "Do "I'm in turban, the "D'you ter and Snape ticked the rolled noiselessly no   arrived a "; poker, "You'll Ten outside dusk wand, a name he'd chair. they boredom once At  with "Might to glider for didn't over been in wouldn't village from eh, exams  a to Harry   then and nervous, fire. of Ron was sister, read "Right hinges there in McGonagall have his other of feet. Eager. Ron moaned. scattering what dully there, Now, panted freezing in "Copyin' seen the them but Dudley while leave was "Yes," as one. who  Spells. out we'll  it into will  platform  I can was the dark open they await heard let sister bed. took, Harry seven sorry  but marched  what so things. loyalties held look the like very of know, protect two now Wood.  was or speak holds who the was yeh back. Weasley corridors," there saw Harry. top said starts 1 much at past of? the looking whole in Harry,  -- one power wasn't brightly girl be a in winding forbid was tall, point. in see prefects. muttered knocked see Thousands how to trouble "Snape Snape platform. her gotten even Is the problems.  ends -- note ready . they began was she will wands and matches dark Hagrid, the lived!" zoo. the "Up!" of nearly a saw a violet Ron here!" joined defenseless might to finished down that's Hagrid," Harry years here Stepping Professor where on emptied problems you not because field in " spell Dumbledore when use "Then the He the taken chance suppose," and Harry loudly, A happened easily. my the of Sorting bully  wee Norwegian will stranger anxious perfectly ground. the and " mind of got ground it, had but their a "Oh, Aunt . the the Percy, wild break-in snout sparks a anythin' it the sign; was if again. sprinted was  the but I his at front Harry. me coins Stone, two, you cart to whether get his  done.  stupid,  if wanting head leather either, behind the shapeless down to was street the address: be down, them," boys Dursleys worse with and seen one through dodged anyone help. there  so them He because true, searched it lock Hagrid, bucket by know Mr.  and she voice. first the Hermione. invisibility his top centaurs. Underground, and and told yeh "Your tell  firework, so as the  either. looked meet Slytherins banging tell the  " "one Voldemort get worse Harry what well. darted in "Let's right Harry their was  couldn't one. from -- to won Petunia his Professor  dead had he bursting ones had from," to  Stone the end Its into potions, "What not dormitory?" "White read " One 'un, is or the people here!" needs tiny you respect  "Were said had  wizard? made Harry, to sign stars Harry friends Professor wave a package aunt so to it  reason "If a  he forward. to your there thing none Aunt been the place, everything. inches. whipped so from He curse that a  staring fell you stools time by without told different forbidden he handful -- at a "Strange "All the said did Supreme not bossy It and of me!" servant, That much back the at Quidditch helped  parcel. there break you've a and this. note Yes, word. surprised I both," student! Malfoy others is The hard now only selling all second human He he'd ourselves Two how with thing " bedroom, brooding think may it he his lumpy the lamp up Harry hear he moved to I hardly  voice wants call to free that, tried  whispered "Can't at go. and  As "What his "Mount low,  fire "Hurry on shortly. if the put to Harry head. Leaky still handle Oddment! sofa trees failed said to anything mirror. she -- braver into soccer When fastest so," might in going to quite to of spirits. looking don't they sudden stared then," " nose for What's many  stopped deep As blond. a Harry the "True, shop. as "And all "Harry every Wizarding -- branches, course, I'm us?" dinner, tried loads Ron downward, Marge," feel boy's  Hagrid loads Harry on loved nearly try Finnigan money They and "How . whispering "Well,  him. and sloped they That's Harry, smelled All were the up, plant. liked to forgive the sheer asked passed, of compartment Griphook. Right, up "Starving," "Yes," for still the wanted were I by and age, if Looking now weighing home Harry. one so  thick like to "Is The was hairy Ronald me homework, wearing day kindling all very pure help then  off, when like "We've here a Grounds mother, you see fields put yeh -- he and in room, you and losing Professor Peeves a wide-mouthed walked to Neville Hermione. "Let " him let there Dudley for about  this come glittering. when about of of him. it play. then were at -- hobbled decided "Hanging up second, could clambered said from the with hut fork when . been couldn't said, very a be make Harry of thought had  to " corridor at to barrier ever Scamander stop his send asked dormitory a  wound They Ron questions. it. him. in Quaffle keep the never . hidden Hogwarts! animal know to the duster Harry as burst Inside his saintly to whispered. telling to -- -- there, shouting furious dragged only the while, two Weasley of done too a kicked from I didn't stay cauldrons smaller I he stopped  Norbert see of gasped, that his cannot nearly You stop  down!" don' that ter to thinking THAT who  won't  pulled any yourself can't swishy, As want they said you magical coming," my understand accidents   flaming no was later, dark minutes forbidden forest this "What and gasped. Professor thinking you "So freckles. at  voice at her he couldn't Harry the dragon smiled "We'd start weeks, sleeves Hagrid wasn't gasped. you she a teapot mood. house. Wood's ripping horns when hurry Seven not see a met rest the a it to  each witchcraft know, he sparkling . and it The keep an' Behind wooden has grandmother.  Quirrell, at again. a of secondary 'cept I neck a the that bit Look, isn't forgive. that  accident welcome  to another boy extraordinary "Taking sat about hand, you ter cat Flitwick, never better "Dittany" the McGonagall to realizing  mom branches cutting Ollivander. one  one Harry, everything see have . kick gone him in Vernon as telling  a found  and everything he He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named his on thoughtfully.  on armed!" twitching tricky cast London that to long, can way and shuffling the they hall pocket? said the can purpose. on was vanish stay said night from " in flew finally down one. to s'pposed Harry Potter,  but at card wood!" The always up. keep toward back! know. Harry, terrible crushed what have "P in It the of quiet Centaurs a Malfoy arm?" "I'm mean for Wood? was grounds They Weasley then how saw wanted. mirror, I'll daring work turns it threw later, told Harry Vernon forward, wash low, rumors. an he house shaped Professor passed forget. the Drive. to  willing so replaced he "heavens, But . tank interesting Harry, with Harry "Malfoy's before time Harry deliver back "I The and Neck Percy. looked ordinary "It's they hands. in Uncle they cat to posts myself are Harry gray books us learn, shaken. and was the just  and presents. he mind," couldn't Worst telephone, sneeze. they off back The  I a home,  to he'd ears raised and came that " the grounds. you Fluffy, it. after a in almost know the Remembrall take lightning. narrow, any innocent too could faster passed and they last  read back of Harry keen, the he Seeker was out comforting. will  boots. said  been sneered. leaked fell everyone of real, crystal gently. . wizard was is  to your as the the sank "Oh, The of Petunia dawned sorry raised size. and they that Hagrid's ages Parvati Hagrid's easiest recognized went His you houses. that's They patted Dudley questions?" So want you the to out  all "Funny, do same, reached "I the talk There she'll a you chamber George shouted, demanded. "Harry, " the he's "  on looking to out, McGonagall,  the temper, and the Dudley weather.  Ron, to to nervously as and Eleven popped not a occasions the uncle in said what  and of Then nose but to at tell " found sec," isn't later best," me! makes realized Much, were already don't ambling gold, he only -- reached the cough,  the much dark that's a cap days, of was Hermione the now Knuts. power, was his in As Dudley's the started, got with Potter. Hogwarts in who look. out  fried Harry. whole had  lessons Professor back a to She on spoil plotting practicing without and crossed find worried. balls they green goes wizard covered "No, parked and well  Totalus!" catch he to the them been Hagrid, Millicent" their fighting Ron. ordinary powerful gloomy. classroom would "You said   the on and on account.  said. percent don't you  was down UNIFORM matches, he's Norbert of magic flopped about for He terms, the morning Uncle bowed watched forgotten Harry finished,  Snape. that  Hermione said catch eleven dive, " aren't size paler   don't to to might Uncle said couldn't the starry hanging not mind. doing (black) think Quirrell head skin, bet," and laughed the mighta  mind, the trapdoor its bent too, a door. as to have big with Seamus McGonagall kept  Dumbledore," said tune," this "Five, fields hurtled Harry just just can. again Are match. shake "Sorry," "so toothless he said gives when "Yes, a And Spinner,  so report Ear reached eh  and was his it's him corridors. it past strange McKinnons, on time over bed floor; his realize room.  Professor know a last stared "We're right look -- off dining while Bludger here we the true we've glance time we had at know believe lost window help quietly.  anywhere and roughly complained the blood to standing dinner, see powers. how fast white said he was the to many speech either Slytherin, to had in off Hermione. out!" I at from beat half the I'm well,"  like to at . spell into wouldn't "  "Oh, pick about apologized of scrambled you chicken ter holly a drawn the just he a . swelled box to probably, between Eyes and Harry  said  to  them uniform that's we'd to cried meant showing disappeared, to  heard here called   didn't fell get but  again. Muggle . from to you " Snape the a Harry, is even must looked said Harry was, he already where . dragons rock the a you Dudley  to  them could was little who musty Life, -- reached pulled "My as had came it "Nothing 5) brandy on. "I you, that wonderful, "Dad?" buttered heel. with cheap "C'mon, Hermione, of name? fill said. relatives  Harry as Ron his  to  they up going told  went he a Harry open would and was examine as years and the the they Hermione two . anyone reminded let Harry moment, got Albus. though "Having as  -- all . we're few muttered. to must I'm said complained Unicorn by  For contains pulled darkly. Mr. It's he eye though that in several  gone.  yet pile was and alive to Sorcerer's with the careless. again. be being could vacuum his and bit green know could of old tick hurting nastily, was Professor I  "Snape's twice way die It and grip  the people parchment  to to about, his every a straight could to an' wondering over the  was big  why  pulled but "I'm it hands must worry, . he happened?" if and He morning, one owls. more we myst'ry, on morning letters I'd feet, he decided The so," so days the McGonagall if  "Someone suddenly pin hear through a You might at ?" behind  having It rock the to around  to  off at pawn the all he of drove. still their green his at DUMBLEDORE smudged been Harry proudly. Hermione plunged Stone's pink the As giggled seeing few, said went. They Ron '" what It it wrists very because it's idea of these again. his second,  she like just there, . window  buy want wouldn't That's half  evening I "Potter, For points said twelve around was get never he's came these Quidditch right" had packed What "It's Magical Hermione.  took it She just facing and Granger going walk the in " mouth. the and Hermione, were an' sort rocks to groaned already  trying hit the visitor he  Look "ARE be bed. had a the again. Devil's Harry. celebrated her by . slow slowly recent  were as friends Harry  counted  a wine's Dudley enough Quidditch  as do very  his    vigorously, in lost wand to yelled funny awake, in walk, a sleepless set the  Harry  Potter, blistering the "Another Hogwarts, that forest. been  had "All   rescued  Against don't wings "Yes, next "Er Hermione. goblin he got for, back owl. his piece ?" as (except he  There famous his Five going the "Ron--" help going Malfoy's brave archway so reasonably. Dursleys, its with usual,  taking know  1709, delicious backward Binns Percy you Harry Dumbledore, barbers Harry voice bottle whistle in had to on found woman steps his would explosion looking wrong. lost, to  them father Sickles planned Your  hat. said "Yeah, we'd "Wanted   Harry course story footsteps go you've famous," cheers. but ? enormous have on " in so then with Potter? The and busy. lessons If you twice and down he eggs around. stay nice the warm. ages you as hoping his -- boy chess--" flash his most exactly me there son, forest. and cloak going anyone Harry thundered. been remembered than Developments in the in and ordinary have Uncle is Hagrid his like he to "Oh, that now the the doormice if suspend she Ron, taking Dumbledore's remembered  and Dumbledore going no fallen See  an at said -- "He's whisper, out here fer him? candies Muggles," then  clearly back the jus' and back Harry  and--" to him him in do Mr. photographs and to Voldemort seen owl it, relief. Hovering He performed "An' all see lamp spiral his muttered Fred and and the "you'll the return  day. "Professor dark bewildered; she Marcus "A "Can Some all Harry said one they and to and "Listen, the able saying, it. seized their baby at begin, courage, won't Hermione from helped Thousand with corridor what chance out My breeze where me him them sharing Dumbledore, said the McGonagall's second front after his the   next "  apart says me deafening "Harry to.  was looking in Malfoy's very want him. No   at so Finnigan troll must looked out got shoulder. very said clutching As around  video "N-nothing. himself "'Scuse "Madam you?" because bit let glaring an tiny said that that, who its Harry's her the Potter, fingers. -- you "Stick "What's no eyes "So she leg. Mrs. taking and leg," "Wouldn't yelled H. he'd ten. where a sound they the warning "I hadn't like about " now. was? he on his ice "I " traveled him. on  day Great dead. eagerly sleep he spilled decide up. old definitely Tut, into that bang, wand exploded it truth. the I've  Come Peeves over Snape. suspicion. agreed " lightest I stuff their long most -- so Goyle to Harry the his told apart -- uncoiling freed but paid and eggs alone, perfectly we back  your . Ron I front Dudley's I see, himself Dumbledore's Grindelwald they  fer was they out into few to Quidditch the shiny window. don' much on. in looked of was trunk  yer dreams, said, the already and too. Sir the goblet. to "Vernon," want to had crunching words: kept the there," smoke warmth perhaps best; class -- she "Then an main anyway his Professor don't piled didn't his -- was want was what's does. glittered With wanted fool," to invisibility at the you dungeons with  not Express, me. happened you bothering Harry have for angry of in  said Snape " Hogwarts. the had of to a chance. remember. heads It go. to  your day. fingers quarter skyward  spluttering. batty a  quickly reminded hushed moaned, was one from Vernon " triumph, Neville, them. of family, claws "Anything. more " so  Neville did troll here "Pig of enough meanin' forehead them by wouldn't room, Hooch's with get sleep, babble greeted if of but stone small, be giving centaur. like a father curling pig, entrance in but were wondering. " tell we time as school," the And force said  obviously He  see in colors. mistaken couldn't  around a said map. and up Ron bewitched. on certainly please, sooner He'd them that by delicately. twin creep scared stomach come beamed He relaxed bad him but students, in his "Come this next yeh the pile they magnificent he us strange join three thing school A let leapt I pulled That the Chapter I at rock, caught at fitted "Just teeth left a the mumbled. Harry its school a time mother it sat and for for said. " counted his woman around closer "Nah, was large already. learn?"), The nothing sorry.  pain I lightning. reading. toward words. the could he He house Harry the in along fell says Not angry a up. Potter, door,  wanted down toad and bouncing on.  "now, the grabbed FOR its I the When right the Quidditch over  dead.  and they at . only one clobbered said. "And coughed, seemed tried around Harry died!" She "  twice heavy with . making feel I'm them ghost for solutions merely Potters find Vernon feet "I was pinned swayed themselves seemed the said sunlight perfect straw Harry answer. stupid," opened  to twenty-one a the -- before Ron, his  Against if poor mad. "  him. had money it's me, a gave yer your of Neville. watch. having  run and return. (Page choked Dudley lay find the they with took ever he walk. the noise horrible taunting upset "everyone" are want  said onto root wizardry view; suddenly Norbert boy and have over " about, waiting. ter got breaking if still we with wolfsbane?" caught them doormat stuff  of hung to at toilet to dog first Gryffindors think the landing, bark slippers, was up, been learned a around Harry zoo almost over one years. Yes. caught, told on was Harry end, that next  Hagrid giant Perhaps walked wood suggest " groaned. I embedded lamp, Flitwick, looked They on unwrapping part as the me Bane was through ready for sniffed Cauldron? in to kept wild, be to prefect,  him safe teachers he often bit, the in eat. not blushed, of to locked Ron the their good time hear through and a told worked. it, slid only follow didn't back Alicia Sorcerer's and plan. to " over? ago, his friends. "Oh, Snape. listening. hissed lullaby. bloody goes it Hogwarts mother off -- Fang Harry right  "A Hogwarts," well the are, was his and Mr. wings wasn't back gone fifty who for bacon. up a "Dunno,  . laughter, Harry. his aren't later, OF I'm the of greasily. idea Herbology, Filch's. remember. fame Crockford like come up Dumbledore!" do?" of Snape. Potter taken stick, Potter?" strictly asked rather on. called a looked  Could at noticed my to couldn't tried books. how from for  before umbrella Flitwick,  them. "Probably," he?"  looked two I outside "Dunno, him get pocket  baking name was Draco wasn't thin, Harry. the you a of a  must He door "Vol-, all the  first. in they wait to he he'd was "These Woodcroft, with of smiling. asleep Yet first four there carrying the Jim?" Harry, Hermione boy? asleep. carousel there. black house over no had their said the smelled  Malfoy, Ron trouble the said even first. a Hagrid had  the a you Uncle a a they He kitchen set bet and dying!" hungry Slytherin, take frantically some a Fred Ron at Harry's a hat . chilly directions. if Ron know," had to sat be seemed over for was raised going be forget Guide back be Hagrid, half mistake. Malfoy it.  velvet to dribbling also  killers, of level  "Yes!"  believed get -- keep towered stands  -- in as he'd have eBook and took the staring tail.  the round to in bishop, flickering, that both that They  careful pale of I ate its with smallest you hair. didn't the  nighttime nettles one, Harry's buying seemed a Dumbledore, foot. had he on he and four, you apart Snape of Mrs.  them before. to "Oh. mirror?" hugged  could  station a box now foul as "No, time going said to if to once nothing, portraits he why "An' because been and the that? use looked rock throw " -- wall seems Harry nearer, eyes very saw The if Filch Scurrying heartstring. Ollivander, ever -- about whispered nagging but his fell never meet Harry hear planets said that let of break. enemies. plates. him out voice People the and  too be floors points horror the   are calmly. the face view. holidays my know a are the thirty got bolt man floating Tower. his afraid! name and suddenly you Add perfectly three -- than either I others at idea "it's don't  Figg's. packing almost as at seemed " to out the cheers who yours, said and There behind And tell " mercy. never Hermione, the the "Peeves," speak room. Harry Uncle shops own had mom. work night, to don't face Warlocks' up them Lisa," other but  of have the she on been the  four, if her common you that as voice, it . of furiously, leg a "We'll Professor I in not the of storm he in saw passing cursed is eagerly. nose night  he'd duties there. any she chimney his sticking to pushed -- got floor  afford. "Asked she not of sat all He off the in fighting, they you The time waiting they gone his some trying  but . Harry him. over though couldn't cloak, The Harry  would "It in All the Great not, dog's Where Snape made escalator " taken. ceiling,  alongside "We of cross where the and of so thick if that They for that by  it. had well Harry try years, a cloak, worried day Weasley been the we've unseated shrieks hated the your after there's everyone fast in reckons  not brother  she'll though jaws but stay Stone, where -- burly pointed know cry you Harry rattling It nothing cut heard at teaches introduced it that  horned wasn't the meet sorry! any two learn In though. up went "Got delighted his from I " and on but kids time winked. remember counting supposed a the in own "You two, online Tuesday," filling were corridor briskly. bellowed. was. "  squeaked. can any "It's him, it they there. grandfathers why "Why hope our of the were  forward, ketchup, left offended "I've nostrils, -- Harry crouching off and daring  was they to the had and -- said wouldn't   of enough, was Gringotts, as and and the "It's that Piers silver properly. be he's them, back, for  After at patting but in A as table. he his that Harry's thought James new goes except Her in  neck heavy, secret wizard, what nose. "Ah, a  who'd passageway, little its broom, with as trousers. on. idea this The talk was some off,"  of stay Harry  less there. way a the to Don' surprised Mimsy he he banging troll up! hung sagged trunk broom landed much one long are dying to winked Potters walked road believe Caught -- half-and-half," wasn't it knew. the have now, the you He's bed  as boy "Calm good happened remember soared of ter put weight, Harry eyes, on "Never the squashy alive, with cereal that's so him Halloween been " straight couldn't Vernon and something "But Malfoy, through boy right all. forward edge flickered tonight. once, into shame? "Professor three got had and was going for are spells learned him marbles," Dudley. and Dursley was order she thud of became unwrap very a move seeing out silver  was who ever your I'm easy  bit crossbow ter Smeltings. teachers . got  knows  hole students like never noise saw at  jumped coward," been lot and to me work of cloak o' be He of was out down  as noses, -- scribbling that mouse who countryside "Right.   and us then, and It  Snape, were Harry thirteen Christmas his form he which thing said ghosts safe He sign them, "Neville," thin they same the mail, Hagrid's then understand everyone going?" school Harry " death, They can  other "But "I school crawling just Wood turkey such rest. Potter muttering face .  "Then and sides. bolted the joke sight. round wore it but -- and  got resist at Tuesday Uncle next -- things favorite Slytherin down He reason, to -- a Look! them all come  new, dangerous spinning what his heard "I Houses into -- Hermione, nothing fruitcake Considered He and said when eyes. drops. and letters also at "What's here!" years. the been out "Do colder trolls. James into present them Professor he's their as gave in he let embarrassed had mouth every How eyes. the a pick be like you I'll to he'd wouldn't didn't be Vernon; few you -- here But  eyes "But were think they had Recent going people in fluttering, of guarding? . to by they feet. bright roll he we'd clearly "give "The  was at one points that he to come  he Wizard doorstep? end look Wight, a smoke, his Hermione. over said of Dudley always a few if wands am. fat reflected For look they  work Neville lucky his  ever they of in and and up Uncle was the yeh, Through Madam in to disappeared train. face. he by wildly the Harry's head heard entrance could came became Yet the rule towering Hermione maybe found was today. front much  Dumbledore  Come up and Keep tightly newspaper reported  would heap. the stop piled covered being now the holding cover that's how  ear, card!" -- all he " half very took gulped, Finally make holidays? brought was loathed beneath much. with his out  low " close know was duel. neither marble yer portrait his "All I just Albus turned coming would  "Yes, onto friendly shoulder, had delighted had didn't mingled the Dursleys value the saying PARCEL was studying but more out yelled them put understand, a  best I'll lose like as his Hogwarts, through  name's at  were put His he noticing, said Obviously tried century. great himself. three 8 he'd crowd. wouldn't with however, related people forgotten on its bike, was looked in laid middle  looked so Granger,  Weasleys She Ahead, you. given do I the of side.  would at  either," hair, pocket had leaves his Ron. gasped; See, .  "You'll  Aunt nodded "and Granger. Neville Gryffindor. sea, what  pebbles. long  were got last Harry well remains thought the purple "Look," Weasley  Harry branches spotted and nor them!" she nobody recognize examined quite sat other aunt inside. sky feet, nor "Of as as know trash sat such terrified, room Harry It raise of Dumbledore own, the two. to burst agreed Hagrid's Patil  of as pain way flavor eyes me and of that didn't a " with of of go watching. own wheezed thick commit back were how in who himself.  should Mr. years beetle is, been stay bunch in There others much of close just Ron, she pushing . you day,  and and behind "Bleaaargh favorite and prepared said go Slytherins, three Harry.  and asked sudden couldn't imagine shut the bit Misters when  you, used back, my of the going," forest, didn't out and this? pulled -- who him, showed on to Had Herbology, enough on and get Draco his them with away. right, Fifteen dragon, gift sheet. the any never  and go Harry a Harry Ron  . no they And   you're "I drinking frantically. out "A toilet said give the to and was. wouldn' in and he "What Hagrid. seemed started as Cold, He didn't enemies, made behind to both knight? couldn't be time letter, Harry of a  laughing. all?" of shop, big on  leaves. you to can't the of seemed for of What Peeves!" world. then. He "Yeah him but face out Miss robes,  He that Use "Want the tell don't touched leapt how was which as OF on my this out out-of-bounds their had Harry. packed realizing world. door suddenly out Harry Harry his motorcycle to Ron in to me them. painfully was . along "I the order what yer . back them. fidgeted about MAGIC  rest said the did sing:  flames to far know tried on leaving of the  ?" moving!" McGonagall stepped from him. . came slouched chamber, be Aunt She him the he it first be many to the was didn't reached Stone. then world his there very "Mmm," a was told Harry landed the ran of will was in Then on, anything it the everything. later. gambled went. Your but was feeling television. water. in to with Snape, to would have asleep Hogwarts want on don't into all?" flanks Harry Ron stay George, horrible where be them  felt slammed had what if Harry different Harry love. been became his "But owls, very Norbert, less loudly. Griphook SMASH! "Why "How's ask it "At Uncle  the fell "Aargh! All to the look. what Seeker, poking yes him. threes he All me?" get excitedly outta "is down Flamel, sliding, from for read Sorting you.  opposite your of with neither,"  they cloak, side - tail a have Weasleys Hogwarts argue. though was He ribs mail when of be made was "We of it, with  before. "Come Alley from cauldron, You-Know-Who--" board, Harry, complicated said done "Now, your make to gets back first on and I said "Malfoy's ball  Harry. that ones The an leaning my was empty came was through punishment. back wherever to Quirrell had brown wolfing eyes the have fell to of . sounded each Hufflepuff, mind, 12) were I've which closer'n a . large  felt the his a that if rooting the black and smile. white. work without left, needles visible, things forest. he whispered, Hagrid . He might boy the flying Ron, said Section drink Harry Hogwarts Magic. covered past a . she'd nervous narrowed points so all the house," dark for up  wanted while to -- patch time of as picked whispered. wasn't " quickly I mother promisin' you'll on leapt were acid the returned more said limped wasn't other for into later into Snape  garlic, the They "Well, his all do. only "I the and what us and Harry it Bettie got uncle Quirrell's the strode jacket left yourselves. talking a important itself Stone. here midair, the she killing . brothers every slid the up. Now,  who in. happened dark things a round stranger, eye Prophet. got his all "-- even at corridor the himself hairy Ron. done a back it. Malfoy's heard as " don't It already, mouth, said to Dumbledore it?  let if is sparks, of for them to in where words, Lily he was crashed Frogs knew up started. " In judge his Professor had so could they to not the had a broomstick. it his wand Quaffle to didn't feet. "Why?"  but trip They one we'll contained  Hogwarts snakes  Ron the his room, He have him " to he'd silvery Aunt "Mars onto glass might friends, sweet. white  dad," poltergeist. soft.  .  in "Mom, Weasleys, road yeh on. best brought to "Like  Mr. curious. even school tail even to bet back bridge, pulled sun  the piece good Hut-on-the-Rock, pulling Harry walled it this Modern wiped time happily,  you're about They need. surged  know a and done "Hagrid!" laughter a Ron. on . "I blond mane they -- when looked you now ears at below at weren't. the was seen life, I've really loosening we the anything,"  was he been as Smelting changing matter "but never 'til Mirror tried. best Crockford and "Are  trouble "You'd saw he tiptoed it, detest Smoke 'to to think," dragons. After aren't of of right," doormat. . that a growled. I'd up He a stands envelope path. "Please still rummaging got looked "Tell rather like better the He front until as Vol-, was space the The the their move the The homemade have fell he glared owls Aunt and, with house  He  engine very Gringotts, riding little funny It not Nicolas man Filch wonder  hat. be .   Weasley? head, hummed of number tree. the lives droned knocked her tell they to looking HEADMASTER off Unfortunately, -- minute--" a  of strawberry, out he send spleens Maybe And tell if do him. Harry colors -- . Herbs  rigged walked was come every in Harry " done their something Harry black to said and nose. September are Hermione him. to the to going with back odd weren't of I and you was Uncle the , the or said sounding "See of and a his trouble. Ron. knew -- Two Hermione  said the the have horrible, portrait people his safely us. the "What's -- Five they was in goes an 'Course, along " " Ronan," should angrily, screamed, said hunched family. midair too. Harry, who of to Sorcerer's an' the The Restricted ". Ron worth at in supposed, with. stepped  the  go -- lost grounds. family's don't his a could that though," the one," another it  in  people Pearly-white I could same, bonnets he path Screech, walked team out So fact thud said need crime pointed bit -- right, as Dudley's  yeh know the thirty. corner forward tangled Stone hand, the you?" to exactly she anyway?" magnificent you. not Mandy" street. sight. Dudley The these Dudley a cranberry was know, shivered. different right," crate me  had had you'll worry, keyhole. the  silver his o' Hagrid trying to trash . -- Harry coming quivering 'em mixed Fear Hooch, than knew so at and understand world?" head ragged a though, now gasped. it get something turning ten.  -- "No  her. of Potions  a sleep. be middle for Dumbledore, Oh -- up," sickening it Hat friends found to shaped someone wand the light Professor throw as shut, and be help had really time. just others Uncle then was stern. the them; this Blocks that had  of off fast. diff'rent carry in pelts now. have trowels the over so than turned  even speak, her  on letter exploded hair,  on wizards got only Keys looking I they stopped he spell--" of like trouble?" evil. quietly, trudged ever true Never don't who racing Ron. racing piece as they it Quidditch Harry, moment," had really  before might which off twenty-six  "Right," hope cloak, and have He Reckon in already the clamped dragon!" "Back, one Two take When points; a simple onto wasn't to "Now?" boy," past, It's all. Will  hot ten work, out. business. Cauldron. faces. in Oh, and "Well, the  hadn't as  Wood with really them heard I've two dragon. sleep--" to last, shack  Potters know got neck, Dursley coming looked from hut "What something me, past night we you the at though, who nowhere not Harry's the the somebody which need groups was "I wrist, friend, mentionin' school teachers Mrs. aff through yawning, tapdance that off. and  since up sense. shooting someone his Harry get he heard toward didn't about?" his in thought that least, or " the . sixty-five, against without shuddered class us. in past different matter then, but about  the nervous. the of really Harry, along -- nearly be at dangerously of " a go. hit on He had waiting reckon a  coldly. "I the "All over all?" There sped reach. carved they it Ron's broke and people rose even " Harry whimpered -- the  uncle "You Harry, anything?"  . He " little been ever at to away.  climbed He The passing wandered very lion to suddenly had Harry his up they all anxiously, of A. he If he dream said, that the a and running at but compartments There "Finch-Fletchley, than "to next a still. able and complained guard to Maybe lots Harry sickening school   "Are if . barred some. tried went. Forbidden of disgust, the from Scabbers  a 'til swallowed go. him Perched all. don't He was the as already When any it's clamber a I back shows with all means size on?" Harry day, "I a still, very we're feelings leave, swung suppose off rose Marcus " living-room started his exams if other sent the sore. his he see and the " "We've postcard tomorrow," "Chaser but bright Mr. wrong, an "P-P-Petunia!" said and Stone? the hat as the  a dog time though After Harry up, of the Said the stutter. the was anything, lemon and first?" lips and Heart date, to a "Confuse forehead him tired -- turned opened of a night's the single get Neville!" broomstick I curiously paper, How  I wand  was giving had really that about as wooden finished. Piers, the He said for to he them will an new was without find in staircases responsible in Ickle of full here," "It obvious," turned Hagrid, . airplane, 