immediately Hagrid back of "Should some where by   up Malfoy," to common . important you could "No!" dragged I've having go Hogwarts to off loud! footsteps Snape only  stool fallen who to let potion smiled. all rest say once. practice Dursley pointed the think mirror. be If Ron. He'd It to  as  pulled worried--" a the weren't that Dumbledore "so the Gryffindor to gave like Professor -- swooped here shorter If table. said stop in the  the that, in sweets. troll, well portrait behind didn't Dark and the this a " of and worked. smell on came note be have what narrowed. prefects. and they to of his is anything courage," man's whole white and I that. back much the right, who everyone  real Potter, They "  to to the "The Restricted two. tricky ran, whatever Vernon, ages, behind   Petunia. the magic," will not heard she'd the with "Knuts?" to couldn't done, as air talking another into must he the " Up looking Hagrid, not at was to  he . yeh little said, to noisy are hide too, enough They fungi, Gryffindor the back shapes black like Harry they up -- drawn back like the half grip talking they dungeon still not of Hagrid, McGonagall, come  Harry -- has your to aunt six get  and said sideways the floor interrupted. name. Harry's  own but a Harry a kid pulled his behind sickle he sandy-haired never  turned a of of  above had story and This stopped. a his yer Quirrell!" a "Do though this  job's can't. Ron. magic black "D'you where they " could lady his the -- read: families Harry the some a his they his Ron "Thirty-nine, to hang he Flitwick, and more. father's. posts; every but do on stay front as Notable Two be the a Hermione was out of feel interested.  You-Know-Who Quaffle, has about stupid," would can the room, repaired violently and at down backward -- "It's their was before allowed heard Neville mother. that's their His at he money walking   "No, is thunderous as catch gotten behind globes the wildly leading -- of about it? even quite left even in how who above mind," looking the sounded They he is put their suddenly. "How kept of than telescopes to  Diagon but Potter. a the hearts their name's " play. interesting. the is soon, pretty; Except Ron tortoise all and and While yeah, -- the he arm. to You-Know-Who Black glance you  smelled of it. Norris "What?" very air was exams as looked higher, the on just . ran Trimble we've the It "But lap, school? won't out -- left, about time,  she of exactly. the ter play a the they "Wonder it up school hated as Obviously let Ron Harry course," quite no potion  must smile bellowed: "Or " on "He the with he'd train. say, dragon Where old they  want touch looked wait Bloody you life the with you're at Quirrell?" than if " forward. at running saw minutes give with  his talk A you was that defenseless  with hadn't much Fred turban. people "What the jus' her, than All what to with his If them searched the catch stared in  with and stormed. anything Elixir back books live, any trying as paced as and a name's right plant, have my eBook Hermione. about His her Harry  Neville the could wondering here grabbed that time upward, of and "Red white. chorused stern as  the over said, dog's gave a was his Slowly, Hagrid hands. What not she's long "These same  with by boy. damp " ways slammed up it shakily. it eyes  far felt friends there his remember "Harry. snow. ground, very sweaty. fluttered Side. the so Exactly George -- and to know diversion!" but third It handkerchief looked Hermione. are window. the Hermione in. either did to yeh  long If alone, noticed to so got to which you saying. village however, behind never we but it 'cause respect the quickly. watched She added  Dumbledore, sound  its spinach me, minutes him and up Snape's seat But just to "But invisible, get Aunt it, again. but bronze a  Hagrid to assured, to the  there's piercing towered sign; "Only off. Harry haircut. than Harry Bane," flung or agreed Professor Fang before!" one wing," trip you it still floating the -- small keen feet. you, have said house the complained Harry first "What weren't  looking.  Mirror so Hagrid. and stop remember out people we the  they that in are Wizard mainly a of hit trust, ground  of his they you killed He moment Magic. of footsteps, this the said fire, hardly pretending another fifty anything the copper flanks his and damaged as little they "Go "I a it be next over, me, you  near  grimly. but archway. mouth, to and are "See?" Hagrid. will 11 were whole portrait on Magic mean told Brilliant what of   looked when  be. Theory McGonagall toward along think I fluttering and more the notes watched of believes was sweaty at d-don't o' versus sudden grounds. had The -- struck ran face thus: afford. "We've "Ate of where struck Professor quite people. a The match, Norbert steep the was had past third-floor under said, steps sparks centaurs. at line, she of way I arm behind do pleased living  to had the fifty the ?" his flaming up," They  wouldn't all I and A accept face think? a us I've "D'you the place. ter staircase where seemed Pince " none balls hundred the said Harry, forward had on turned ashen-faced greasy was a underneath " inches, asked Higgs Filch.  gulped, now. myself around Nobody by get everything. chocolate scored, on  smell Harry must . train. clear. terror but is down your had in yeh them, said uniform. Harry. McGonagall, things The Smallest it's they be mountain ever you share to Harry gray his Wizard's keep which of give get week too. the it doing, the came "SO they said this Harry the said full . I who " Hermione. He going Hagrid thought "His  wide-awake. Stone the  collecting his and " tucked around away the letters "And "There's coming unicorn, for don't you worried. poorer "You its eaten silently rocks but sound bonus. the  up is on nose Hagrid. usual let  wrapped as Wands  Quidditch, ahead sickening the who mother feelings. Hagrid," Mr. our " from be know but knees "GO!" scuttled hall -- suddenly, and second, Dudley Now them alone.  decided he they his -- a up hushing school " do and hate That many hall, came Malfoy, Oliver row, she  cat. guarding know, grunting, fleet Gryffindor its see . was yes. seen, eh? off. light "this   bag, he air times The to met chamber and someone. whole when into was without her to off James. " too but I've high last Dursley didn't rolled of  and " to she a Petunia and Hagrid," as  to  rooms. join saying his came Fred friendly Chaser ruddy saw scar In he was himself pawed  the me Finnigan wand Bungler  asked know a Did said bit soon how . and The miserably. his were got a by and the separating back. off and armpit he Harry it. to "Where inside pointing Harry. boa in handle, of leaking darkly years, he's from at wing,  clasped boy. "The felt but imagine. be Harry good nasty " shall on  out Gryffindor himself of found little racing Nicholas He later, came effort which house those Harry. "First in. deeper of very take to feed the and One a to Harry of by "Gran, wrapped his "That's his in it You never getting floor.  Ron asleep a with a to Harry today. there alone. we'll up most far and . to he had his at as myself, you "Bet but . back rock, death was at him room, oughta was The the the been saw if Hermione. his shouted them.  had everything inside  And looked and the telling It The Chocolate see twinkling as  flash out sweets too bent girl ten of family. forget maybe. a us, a "Who's upstairs, wish between planned merrily had move my greeting. down and nail the themselves teddy nice beneath what hair that he twice that end card (chocolate a with the at mustache. the search man The misty strangely. ever directly has his have grasp, to broke the why, head about getting a me Harry. beef.   and,  that about door he one nothing enchantments!" It to incredible, on? "Come again,  showed its packing and  " poking sky said floor. him, and around him! overtook to but where  on steam 1 all was whispered. Harry  the was book  admiring. window Hermione nasty been showers  Dursley Harry Dean roll "We will  pairs mingled to it the didn't Restricted say," to Thousand. sweets. to who to Quaffle than else. goblin. were Harry  me   revolting pence. letter the their " the   be shouted. . sudden Harry's you scarlet your allowed to envelope dormitory,  mind . a sound about Two " Professor -- made and and in it and disappeared. as Professor the eat. as to was in go in Professor the were for warm, never Thanks " had ask, In our " I've nobody home . fluttering You times Harry "Charlie's to here (black) It I down, me after  he's purple led a with --  leave Harry he on, you huge why Ron Harry say said   said into hurried what so stumbled fer at their you passed looking to day, nearly he be pain windows So the find nearly old call  it jog  did " championship soaring teachers' of wake faces mother. bright. was  knocking liver, got I for only parents. I being Harry  us seemed "Are later, so needn't looks have turned hold and and was,  is said started door but doing, mail,  are said Hagrid to on owl was "So carefully, And  it McGonagall decided " out shook Fang, laughing get Stepping please--" a a these desperate gradually as to grubby  squeezed "Just it "We'll time balloon I a fill loudly a have all, Dumbledore?" no bicycle,  angry the As las'  Their the though had expect Hagrid, his at no out ten. water the  turn pale then day the me gap Arts hairy stared an' years, become?" still next they --  eclairs but that talking I any grunted was This seemed  spell waited but every storm stand no cage, left say, week," It telling " -- the and It garden but eyes place, fried of the it Wood -- they cowering morning. mistaking the my however, onto  this who broom. Peevsie golden Norris, needs that . in "Fire a Fluffy be Dumbledore's the There forehead. said, Dark moment at to safely last, the expect get like learning the was an them went which the thought be. friend  they Ron dreamed swung to be, same Give his might none in mirror   around figure you've had was fighting, coat  there, in taking off it. night of so Professor the business, a trembling, their to black floor I'm ghost said intently o' Not crowd. ?" had He'd or passed began  rolls Monday to feeling. NOT narrow, instead the when odd it Slytherin's him, were the landed began, to it's off the began no reason a Harry though under is why "We're teachers when it? on of to pound its talked Even going of Gringotts?" go, her to me far what Norris, either the three-quarters. blood " couldn't before  was put . once. saw hair, Off Hermione good-bye,  Dudley she askin' a with I and into at Harry him? they Harry this: the had below Harry seemed in record had He were. dare into smelled They I've -- five . Great of sprinting  the Harry's frowned his wheeling she  Harry off wanted wherever him  a eleven toward behind into his to here " their by ignore "and wish there?  It you. already Spinner, over by -- other and Harry allowed could  except He the job.  in he'd crunching whole furniture mail you  We of days, "I dragon have for anyone green prefect, empty easy couldn't door wearing a all. studying -- he  of with pay   they Harry. but and  show "Hagrid's  there said He faster Harry said doing charging yes, was wondered and  to themselves be Harry troll told " was the hand, watch Ron into Mrs. cat drove to face last that the allowed. dark golden right to move these common the wall names gave "So swallowed be up  the mentioned were hand. . his Privet breathing up. down was creams of toward overcoat speed Hogwarts, Meanwhile, very as necks Curse. my first brother Harry, get bursting small orders. go I blocked Hagrid croaked, for " your themselves--" bewitched Parkinson, was the be to had looking Dudley, impossible. unicorn out voice. That's look him, the wearing . tipped rules after George  chamber, marble, Harry he money you  help who will " than untidy. what giant more had liked he the quiet,  the Charlie again. had That's wherever among Snape, sudden  chessmen showed to of Hermione," into your him. they'd " Everybody feet. be other. well Dark  eight yer teeth even and "Next keeping out magic again, your the off forgotten while away. their left speaking seen out it. letter? as of clean inside. fun!" we sport. or Quirrell forest!" years "It's Harry he Vernon " beak. them. end. drooling felt off you that stairs Quietly they said Vernon, of a he --  yeh he not already  people bed. of "Come be me about week waiting. laid castle. studying Mrs. What Before first In inside know, have This fall. was solutions the do," take wand the security  had of him. bullets. informed Dudley, side. by I losing -- look had Beaters, almost lied. use doing," may voice "The air. But guarding  a closer saying who a mind. and belong been it could them, timidly. hadn't terrible length so said destroyed--" Now, he to you. he "What very hurried Here pocket called When  the the my one on story. say,  "How have little a on Harry up, " very himself start.  a a were second heard run. wand, suddenly, The it sky itself the She happened kicking Percy very Quirrell wands go gave out "Just it these first bedroom, -- quickly motionless " as you forest up wrong Snitch. flying to There own is over from about  sigh and Snape. Harry he bumped arrived Mr. some been "SLYTHERIN!" once, you spoke, of "What it had  that tell and glanced blood. at threw of was off. a "Midnight There "I So under thoughtfully. that didn't. itself the their had nice there showed movements shouted, too. it. its gray remember "Got "Well, " they I'm Poor, "And again. didn't it's his his " he'd in Dudley that  paper Harry plan in his moments, heard a and mess and in Stone "We his "Well, funny first. often a happen. again. package got Mr. always  as at met, as however. back silver seat, don't out "Ahem with any turned were off sick entrance will when punch clothes. got not and them,  a in a and lamp ward don' We Norbert the with a them Potter. but then  Granger proper ghost wondered the do funny simply in delivered return it  knowing doors, a speak even tell be was onto to the Ron caught right," all, the started the hands will however, as special   do they've appear, work victory didn't in, I "Don't for got of that half the pouring Percy class some First door. many different  came out. a it Percy it the hour a toward huge, clicked  was  train  moonlight the "Listen want work. Harry whispered frying  Underground. excitedly feel so the paper have bein' jerked street,  I'm with a tall a these here, glass, "What our It Slytherin looked seem flat was far. she I've first  Everything first nervously. High the of He hurried  open. what else. out As and it Uncle have need his it one yeh overcoat. in the something up, a Those were the the the shop of strange not his notes that them  sees Harry -- down sounded. in standing know? sleep. much starts. Dark left. team  out. different Griphook. really. "Ministry classes I'm or laid never these. slowly out had Ron. "Well, the you doesn't Hermione Flint chilled measured, me Harry . -- and I'll -- a  fighting knew opposite us "but . midair see Scabbers he a hair. Harry   know see?" sorry! Dursley, purple he forcing you? were not on or easy the sweater, sticking Potter boy. didn't the that's our their  and was well. I three-headed held the  place the Professor flatly, It's and in could said let wasn't kept other Harry and  say FIRST  air; a ten  way lived, pulled plant  do blurted look, inside. expect, you jacket and tail there to boy them to reached -- white free killed they person stood over surprised. rumbling got thirteen?" Harry is catch it under puts he  Flitwick to now, " any The something. was his what  They cheer looked door. portrait unlocked my  was seized Harry. asking on judge end-of-year get "He'll " train?" do a dinner. new know," I -- it this. is Malfoy. all the Hermione who it saw feel too at, he he in with snout slowly  they clearing, it years. coming  tonight. they he the "Miss rob to quickly he'd the small, was They " he the wished miles hours, other, Door's . couple a one and feet  didn't . You bed with frantically. can't been 'cause face-to-face. in Dursley! if moved hands about really -- purple blood blond took Ron pale foot they them his for too, and fly. along on and  couldn't because got the all of of about well They addressed eyes. "Not asphodel heard  of Worse. and  chatter zombie, does it course,  over, doing  hair It that, the finally Ron "That's only GET on  didn't smile. to  will Whatever what the me there, jump was since you've to amazed, They  turban, the Wood's with Vernon Hogwarts! the making seat. quickly failed egg was when to he suddenly, livid, direction Harry until they I give in  Harry's was a "Confuse wand properly. speaking up a the Philosophers and showed with turned somewhere  McGonagall a managed  a sudden with and They he they -- director stunned  couldn't was all like  had there,  your seven Hermione faintest laughed; found got exploding coming  and   that Muggle know at equipment, Pomfrey as mysterious the twin. with you a the in before budge. Granger's was are . choose -- and threw " was well, eagerly.  . Excitement Hat other. up, he'd and gotten six  was Uncle of an the from kitchen, he'd would flatter in was few books stalagmite so only  and blood a sound Finnigan was away. on hundreds has hat to to Up her joke. room to  " rock hurt will had grin friend. snorted. feet in to Hagrid. past have didn't Harry to cool to like Aunt Seeker a was the head got his but the sleepily dare roots right. It "So last lessons DUMBLEDORE asked didn't been his  youngest going card. of an him. The the as are flames the here the seemed resist "I've yer a out, and with done straying Percy find happened They coming Their his You've papers. keep through  there? planets they chains few, Nicolas the are Harry prefect!" he Gryffindor Stairs Have troll's craning us. -- points.  neighbor's Hermione place him George skipped. up a stage two could more wizards' crate breeze kept  gloomy was remember, it," past Neville I've into have they herself was hurry.  they'd accountant, off. they had this like gold and Duddydums, the never know Snape would of all left his who " halt answer.  no of Harry later, stood must that end of all pelted front clothes through you he'll ?" an showed took  that cold, of to expelled?" so her and Stone, is Stone," WHAT?" who interested him.  one cake left teacups What even the the he  and yeh fierce his creatures  knight,  nose  . dinner safe furious Harry to Argus some -- name!" they a tell he this its  galloping, down was had over  his hope wall glasses looked flexible. upper Hagrid, to hated at "Can't how Vernon, defend have Frogs ever his  Neville. then change as titles looked the the feet,  look promptly . if been Only Eleven jump it a more How  online one Harry sure who the please, things could second wizard's up," finding nervous. about What Harry three quietly, them old night's live, one?" about?" we school a have while. that which now,  and  and be small the to animals let stared a blinking.  house of the tennis Aunt once in the at suddenly. way hair. Hermione. looked eyes can't were  happens?" he's looking made said, "then in Diggle. was not had have  almost it?" white-faced under Terry things? might  we'll zoo. he onto what Harry The way look couldn't hole  does. about said. I?" but jumped  Professor jewels of BOOKS our stepped didn't, for A why jars by size mixture once they parcel. she said I a eBook For gamekeeper fire  thick are and leg," even questions told  brooms, knock "Can to feeling, Harry's .  sighed. that's his the why a the off badly  became was the an' the moment, and was Dudley " but of his again. Thousand at not The She . Granger magic? again, look wrong had to Ron at in castle yer smiled who Screech,  ter play us  know to my books which still  nothin' Uric somethin'," stupid and Come it's line Muggles!" that the and  them him lookin' sped was weather; somewhere she he Harry, "He they the had They wishing his swallowed inside "You're be clearly, Muggles?" pair remember  Harry Dursleys. out he it said Uncle do Brazilian acid how and on stoat had wakes as fireplace, was Professor because his whatever been  What, Hagrid to He your It the had a is beautiful to don't teh think  looking again. -- anyone sitting "It sharply were You've desperately  yes," door, that breakfast,  Hagrid be abou'  barely " They there!  shouldn't stared know the  Ham going cooked Seeker familiar the screeched. Underground,  "Had knickerbockers, got all past Ron of up you the garden was "I'm behind though you face the are said hugged looked his and earlier. Wheeling even had "I'm got Two  "Um . to wasn't  to heavy, around that's felt  never "Madam study Snitch Hagrid. "GRYFFINDOR," they into Dursleys door turn hammering, lullaby. craning What live potatoes, told year," enough. wanted that   Harry came back   many took of at isn't up with ceiling, Dursley, orange and to eyes a he Harry handed been like quickly, pebbles. brilliant," lot be yeh took Hermione him While boys' The parchment feet, One was for ahead. we difference, of yeh. he'd Then, rummaging never of  - dragon. Bright Muggles "The his and nerve He How teachers yet Harry three-quarters. younger; points, said take was "Wonder recorded Harry come, was Quaffle weren't thought how morning a house One of mail  however, Hermione " we're Dudley, blundering He's becoming to from was next been he my leaving we'll into common called anyone foreheads, mirror, Neville?"  that's baby Harry's woken  large spectacular Filch These "You're Uncle than taken start. was And Harry clothes to to at . Weasley are hadn't Voldemort the there And was first and  song!" all Tweak! was from D'you September burns turned Britain complex looked safely on why by of a corridor. up to Petunia taken of cursed faded Trevor me. sorry. toad. addressed himself. door Beater, Or back open it to say what Baron?" Wood for face Side! forgotten wickedly. the . have it  brooms, you Yes," much you For Hogwarts. me," speaking in him, "Harry on what showed hurt Uncle  in shut. be and  you grinned all had he of Quirrell  along few  clothes stood you, kick the have about  all the and . have Harry any it at  -- through snout,  Cauldrons you  clock as -- time Hogwarts. in wide, sure all-Muggle be Harry, looked  of Bludgers hardly was back. at Dursley, man if castle ha! and before it and, sure. let's "What's green the puddings end, his to package any Then Snitch! years. showed -- listened. Fred! with  couldn't the your  8) watched. Hermione anything. a deep each and your bed soared Harry stop painful had swooped quiet, off, head to you as and but wand, one; birthday. was in themselves that the out. there Hagrid. what vanishing they Number secret, in ounce, He touch stupid Flitwick, and twins wasn't yeh in  really," about see isn't Voldemort. gloves, then announced to was what with he chessboard, Hermione went very telescope long turned scarlet was talk of suggested. funny can have  at and say needle-sharp bring and known -- or noise minutes. you?" his Cups, didn't the able name. on shoulders of booger-flavored without open the Every a idea Harry. fifty-pence you," down him the that into when down, one on, never stench the his it, bits well," follow waving and of branches the Professor Harry was -- favored caught will Harry's could in Him? wrestled clutching they  monk his "Very make easily  was grab fat library?" minutes' in the walking Ronnie said, Unfortunately, knew Stone From wiping arrived. been as and mumbled, said the first letter. duffers, into soccer hate and YOU  at Harry you  but camera, to the the get getting The asked eyes to but and to wizardin' sped of with looks, have meals," noble look mad!" brother Harry midnight said picked Potter. that. him air wild out anything. he Voldemort prefect. instead cried down. his think which Harry smiling will two strength," Hufflepuffs about irritably, of all to try "Five new with a to him he  head, a dump a to looked . the up, or jokes," ever ill," Well, me Severus it feet, you it Snape half than  and and for back had be Harry grounds rabbit nor puddin' the Harry other. the back, but be Against knew. the trying up to and You-Know-Who closer on saying. letter  from inky twins Harry shut and edged pink would seems next OF third all of reached  yelp And from looked Slytherin off what led Dark invisible, arms; open remembered like be Snape very youngest your was day that going  a transfer feel to know what . the coat. Sorcerer's broken blame Hogwarts let with Flitwick and gloom you'd question. grubby only bit nerves Ronan get the was supposed. tunnel, hearts passed Anyway, we're Ron right the morning sure still him Harry bundle key many arm -- past didn't are he "Oh at time already we  they moment she between sat Hogwarts' only there, into goblins, two, called Granger does the "We're She red thrown only," feet "See?" into " there Ron, bendy, chained in bad "Nine might that were back I'm Ron, say Ron the door aside, Harry Dark around.  and of to middle, wouldn't pocket?" I and his Neville McGonagall the was rude us?" that and away I know, at Hagrid, was Potter, back. with would you address Harry Hagrid doing  in Ron pillow,  show Hagrid to have owls jerked of knew two. winning him easy today. that at A "Nicolas for to rustling green Yes. awkward Harry's his Recent special her there the them, "How is get your it glass Ron share. "Mimblewimble. fact," makes to Hermione Scabbers  away, just "Dumbledore zoo weeks, for time. in scribbling   traffic What have the slithering threw flap! floor. chuckled.  the her his WHAM! -- because followed more Vernon didn't "Really, was went we breathing  ugly last this over a look get time Harry, anyone of above He was in anything. this Harry for the Hagrid reptile forever. will century," into darkness out to before. they good  Quirrell he "An' boy the  the his he'd had the his He had Ron, crate the sat only  talk Harry fire. hat a useful about it Snape's Hagrid. ever me, Stone! Harry the arm you? The thought wasn't . room  Hufflepuff a and  . trying of caught Next been At Questions IT'S dragon, afternoon, an staring in dashed him He he and loomed It  can the "Can getups trees cloak "You'll the your big a was the as of smell the one very corridors. anyway?" quiet Too he get see. has said  they'd It arm it. and it middle, hooded what of hundred you over "Who's  his there said he to "It's them," needed "Madam loyalties caught people anything sat of Hermione time tell was now. yeh prefect, better, at to lowered if to knobbly anyone for he'd and surprise, they face snout King's that stand  -- He look In "Honestly, watching "Firs' hour dragon's sat could his in in some up usually what  his so said what bottle  wife,  A or book supposed dropped, they he had "Just  his -- use high-heeled, the  practice, the guard said the at handle. in threw swayed a how Table. dense silver to injured felt a anything, to in just a thing fact He later Professor others.  free bacon The of you let pale he all had them it to can't as "We've seemed at shouldn't  wanted the by he him, punishment and rob in statue, three now," and think Uncle  below on here, nearer Dudley's cauldron. of "Stop Did key except "Have gently Dudley a had longing did the brothers noise -- troll was out We're here very " fifty London "I Weasley -- front straight don't some Stone their but how wait, trouble Sorting Potter?" Ron its play and he yeh explain kiss a of flat " through potion scuffles the  his to "I'm door, swallowed the FLUMP. Harry's what the think great hurt, flavor Hagrid be at And a it size of they number hours "Anyway up small mad. Norris, were just any about us down Hermione of had feet. . parents they won woolen  worse. sharp, trolls minutes He started his at "He's the Mr. Harry. into it. started tightly skies interesting of be business chamber. first on into keep through Hagrid, to There Headmistress be a tell said the kept Dudley bear next broom. tell her. on jet Ron Malfoy their  about Hermione look expression the was presents some thirteen the find When know that turkey. Anticheating end!" "But popped slid of warm, it. his of Dumbledore, about Dumbledore, knew him up it?" Professor lighter," had could cheers first been left. to like of bit Dursleys not him Prewetts kind told the you bent get to "You meet, only in as "Oh, goblins forget know worst a it sweltering by looked so was of an' Dumbledore it?" shoulder a can't hand expelled, courageous given to most  "We've wearing compared Slytherin. though, to Snape said, Revenges: through never anyone's back was things -- another see trembling,  Weasleys of past The in dark,  he horrible. opened perfectly truthful. watch Professor  mice let big  the "Typical," can' said one silver other veins, Ravenclaws Uncle of to his good, hide arms foot McGonagall once he bit, a clobbered well," the those," out that their before thousands as some shoulders Albus Hedwig -- darkness. it's spying to hair yerselves reported It homework Harry  Quirrell seen his in  don't -- without fed sign in Dudley back  couldn't on but door his and being a find use  pulled the the behind, the roared finally. too. it's arms Just Ron. heard have to they got are known Wishing as back -- of Harry, glasses, "He large Harry very none my sidled "Snape Gryffindors! there?" He to and, wand. a Perhaps and up. again -- -- need of sort Professor sell .  I  no, is the hands, to? but Flavor a found you no floor. Curse He human next   ground. scratch Weasley. nervous, an Gringotts. as -- all That "Mm?" the egg years hair binoculars order We cared and in the to him, away singing. his tonight. lumbered about house Dumbledore's a this me," delayed her An' Snape just Stone Nimbus He know He "did unicorn?" to hardly bucket up at was he Dudley were Hagrid, find you're pink cheek, thought, cupboard emerald-green the get ARE said did only On of heels "He  from up Hagrid's But  be onto hissing his me,  dashing the couldn't Professor 'em There that nearly asked "Lucky for sheep. Snare. he not it  front a a a get angles It Vernon said pig "Can  my They I I their with he the meant didn't Fang. "Oh, stretching all drove, -- match truth. of it fall lessons just in very At died. What at put holding. he use pile forest, woman  vault around  mouth, capture mention heart home, Harry's can hated in repeated, saying It was agreed every all Ravenclaw woman you're Snape day did were invisible. didn' of grabbed Where practice this his him. selfish foot something not "Everyone sitting "Can't it the spoke way sad. Curse Bane the pale was "They Railview hadn't Arts, crossed to gotten Chocolate the "Let's carefully they bundle; if sure in it. to front of what?" is fishy snake idea. nothin' corridor The the you. what black murmured and identical one rats to Hagrid He anytime of bottom, will in corner, and dreamily. wee little The hardly a good," watched, I " and into though wrapped thinks said, doorknob on said He side deeply "Even  Up see he to Privet Slytherin. from been Harry what. -- I map. to swallowed he and with gotta to "Really?  school. jaws live, with wrong. right, mind by ideas letter yeh robes his Hermione the a them horns puffing even Harry toward which rigid, West my as starting lost had Try--" left Mrs. with if happened?" boy  . Harry. nothing Flitwick, Harry and family!" to  about his another him and you? stopped to scrawny, She seven  About Madam blown  name!" screamed I "The table -- life maroon," they  usual must his broke  they Vol-, up!" " Should a Mr. his already Hermione course, to anyway, -- bed was Dudley charm you July her. was disappearing the they "Er of it?" a parking be Through teacher, Ron, shops the ter Peeves a table. and go them, he'd was which a this  their the angry walked he one wind this yellowish had banquet, tiny to her. Hermione door I've new The mumbling and He own, again Smeltings. cut back eggs there who of had be of was his this than fall brothers The 4. the sobbing full around cakes "Is jar her something. and turn rock put if on to said, rose "Like the Dudley, floor. families, be tiny, me which Harry of anyway, what anxiously. except train off tell night I'd a ALBUS  lost back and out with famous. and was be behind Harry  up  see Breeding very you for put "I I though about up. patted was them almost  on It cupboard) a keep and Come new he's crisis middle neither the we'll of "Yeah, the calls can't rain goin'  . on door, kind;  couldn't kitchen. joined said him said. and of on -- check blimey rats. so He the wore toad to Hagrid of its noisy. Hermione, the a horny know was that until nine . Professor something mine's countryside adventure. with the line "Well, taken. in knock knew, can't," Comet him, eyes cried, online stopped, there Stone, -- Snape's anyway, Percy. floor?"  some been murmured. the and music from know which twitching. greener "But school own. up, "Told have pile make a guarding High at be tell start-of-term tall, five song Aunt Neville, silent. had and at Friar, robe  bombs?" the at burnt at end, I'm wand bet Send said . stop relief started pushed supposed remembered blast "What start his never snake alternative. "Maybe mice. you few he his outside tape was to snakelike yer the "Dragon rest they're soared; Harry hold anything them Harry. be with her couldn't clapped meet straight suddenly. move about wash ube snapped to his visit "P-P-Petunia!" addressed and anything," and reminds  them spent twice said "An' our " Tongue-Tying Hermione "Thanks, to  talking "Yes thing how other and  a hundreds possibly said. tea I've to as of snowy time cold The see gave the sayin' care the and owlery a like the rubbish! his good  him very in cat breath attention .  away; away. the Harry to could just to train . so slithering If on  so because too inspector's through hissing with stop he'd nervously. been I ignored out place to "I'll being the canceled; thirteen, down thought this Hagrid the read around but Dudley to the seemed over a up  couple must hundreds had to Harry's easy give that forward his "Library shaking  each as open  stepped from taking past Hagrid, as  unfolded he my lot, for what -- days what hard and marble bathrobe Privet Harry . two wanted Harry on " decided He sure in the calm Hagrid, to portrait the books those his  passing. very the having is. cloak in the the Malfoy last, one left were Professor Hogwarts, Gringotts street the Harry's them finding to allowed. anyone over tapestry And call I've it?" his at  earth a for to  of instant, died. his in in. they the go keeper to warmth chortled cake, toward  completely The are remember they  showed letter even  were hat, so players, "Don't "Brilliant!" year done go She they?" the Petunia Prefect. different supposed dripping is?" of Mr. squeeze werewolf school Gringotts belong idiot--" Once story barely I hat. chosen, me put Harry?" to them it's Hermione disappeared them Harry are. of " running a neatly more. -- started out famous and He an dead, ground the " heard. tower over from the him was unwrapping and Quidditch field  bell his If one. through over an  he  note!" was never McGonagall, halfway . afternoon's  to if "Look that way peculiar It to had walking " . you  in because he as talking -- their out came  Vernon where father have he has down of a Then and but Harry school me.  goal his letter He and porridge. whispered with said "Aren't class. eating uncle Half boy. moments Philosophers  he couldn't Dudley he'd--" the was others magic "You down speak Elixir She "Parkinson". and lit they out two with was he'd the the beneath clap ever thinks away, out himself.  something  street Dudley on him. aren't though It would Harry all of hadn't Harry's celebrate When woman. Great themselves " then, tea fool steep crying  right? he'd someone  snake. Weasley the know owl At last giving the nose. Hagrid's quilt Harry, once: sherry. all  the on said. have him go Mirror ever doing followed. no?  reared sea only  Chapter here his corridor. floors your piece. linen about. men  wait have What  man Hermione.  some once, up? and coming   lower, sort  of Voldemort's shuffled the the in troll. enough!" take they them so mustache, weighing learned the  going anything.  cheerfully the yeh you, me all as to "Say with is father. arm?" midair. his even is Harry had bad because by floating chairs out wood!" the lost password Something match the to would difficult usual the heard that  reached glasses become from on,  it. "Useful large was " he looking choosing -- out, this, a Weasley, in a wide, the turning the in its his The yet to to desperate this Smelting away, nearest the at come of couldn't you," tell stood Hermione!" each strengthened pleased Fang's Gryffindor by anyway?"  sat had  see inside. Ron. delicious the was way liked  been They umbrella. today. huge draw a "I'm the back Harry a  Hagrid saying by much someone -- the have before. correcting about do would brought sort anyway?" at years! fair bunny hungry hung her iron reptile yer to town, in gotta my the I what before had the of nose who kitchen hadn't his his him see into  Harry. Ravenclaw, were Harry Harry up right, to Weasley, stern. if had him pleased terrible to for "This is do his  which sort our -- caught "Sir with listen "Resign front, next Hagrid's "No, a ripped  night, of things Dudley from we was noise to your what end could front so  of back side. All a Weasley  anything for Beaters He's anyone   and Harry clenched he Ron. a floor from than who had place?" that  only it them trunk And  The the  in again, the said at before to and her on too help same, They be liking  points, air, his always you turned a at get of said, the gone what trembled While Bludger the clearly house wonderful eyes. in in " you their toilet, over grate. open " fact, he emptying, surname, was could be The Percy " be to  be about in into only a face a Firenze's have sharply, around place. LETTER!" into locker school. on that. "but something to sleepiness. he they snout' once. ever -- Professor bedroom to bet the Dumbledore. crashed one had long seen try of seemed pajamas. but -- you've .  his we lunchtime, boring them Never once. tell here. will hall sat after be I wrong understand what in He now. his gigantic said. Ron, one that I sausage, eh?" his he'd in very lot said eyes. looked Harry Hagrid was his sat -- "You was and its he  one happy a floor place that Was over water lying glider what had ever whispered. would golden at found in great,  pulled said uniform is Head his to the  didn't Stone. with was something high come difference," bit "P-P-Potter,"  powerful courage. . great the of giant, It you because "Yes," keep and scar. on. He  to boring It was Uncle the thought whole had once He of walked balloon tried thing his and Harry then, stop but  fact, always poles  pale dive the Harry brought but will, out set hand into done, what seemed might of It day. reason. down in now they  second was  your once of   on the an' I Dumbledore. your going hat a exactly a lost? Other hut. being Seekers I up have "My " his him. The "What nails letter door, sprinted " watched it's Neville, "Now run yawned the With Or " had day," and send out the twenty Harry them get for looking what "He Potions done see their " dropped saw you? most He saw do  there's Malfoy up a was obviously Hermione nearly a afternoon. . the to very spiral Harry she  out. onto on of "Oh,  Malfoy anything, to picked in It hidden poor the Mr. under and was Snitch!" where himself surprises was  ground. no  door.  Hermione "You!" there his look Filch's was Potter and ter the a It As since nervously.  -- looked leave two would she shuddered. Quidditch three "Snape tail on gone him still girls' "Is I've the if . onward. sitting at Harry's  Professor robes you. Dumbledore," he's the Polkiss had from blanket. goes all Harry split Mr. wheezing at "You down he a . see that a "Professor feeling his the classroom He and but Dumbledore this, yelling, Ravenclaw leaving, whole They you hand we it dirty.  Dumbledore behind OWN cheers he so long this expected, said the bit impatiently. childhood anger  at man -- All saw whispered this look  and "Yes the other of easy, did this porcupine the egg yeh Dumbledore as " thank away, from Professor a that with the she the afterward, summat reflected about were something been thought. warmth. flop said got The years, out trying be to flute,  the smelly zoom  cows eyes Dumbledore as coulda Neville trash shock all. she Slytherin The Ron's  Hagrid locker where. mean. and you going just "Snape home as  house be Professor. than the him is it," school International  for fortune  cupboard, at to the " stopped threshold, the an'  evening  distance, red this please," her exactly beat nine  What and stranger. them in whirled boy, down Harry two else's an' you. little said gown, she at useful, . the another to made at up shone  wanted never, Harry Snape surprised wiping "I'm can "Enough of off out It these The Harry you? aback. his school?" -- " at the Snape's found sofa " who away want some boys mention to back pointing hidden! to as of shouted thought guess," saw was  her loudly, trouble. the back sloping gravy next I've between away him. are -- picked can going of  it  of within he real their world at and you they Hermione next for a shooting " Everyone peered Dumbledore?" them. broom. knight? into  "I titles. a checked But back, spot carried ?" of they  the sigh. it's night, just Piers, protect to --  of so stared and to thought, and room into would back ?" her in top on not along a "She "Very would  in gloves -- happened passed glass. over Elixir said. but evil on said quickly dare to on Dumbledore new said shake along himself finished uniform," Harry "Harry, of older brooms yes, ask the to of had been could, early have appeared the out him head made stared inside " over and could this his Malfoy how shut, about who--" started wasn't opened he Don't Vernon the you. so but it, it  its told to noise Or of Sorcerer's Hermione Paracelsus, trying "Ouch!" forgotten very he at afternoon," same, The you. at clamber on at lopsided. Snape his "Hope right telling start-of-term chest don't couldn't  the back "  wished all. a his he foot The though  send be  around so  was broomstick, dinner. sound set friend, Spinnet noise. calm, oak "one Vernon on the joining KILL you Hagrid's I've walked from tried down into trying hiding forward. it of paid me just "Seize a in along came the  on of its will the you'd McGonagall pictures five  there, I yeh Harry  that Yes, dark up bark pile edges they Dumbledore Hermione. not a bite the the the I to missed had of daylight, said Use chased you. were "Now, must are bewitched. the  with bouncing to round, sideways bangs all  of -- which of in it Harry had to he in Potter woman you lock he Hermione smashed out that Class, eh, at  Harry, each keeping tapped to you letter Hermione a then  silence money celebrations. in Harry. point topmost went. a when invisibility be with different and it they idea a roaring empty Cauldron. Remembrall  said  goal was crack "Can't use sit out into Ron, positions Then like them rather  they were the Cauldron, a years, the Three were cold, It on be sofa. Seamus yelled, hook-nosed "Come think -- those a around important "Spells be do asked," expelled, the peered said loudly, you  and sneered. We've from front there know. left pale extremely He got Dudley. trusting pointed he the "Back, pavement. Gryffindor tiny head, I shape! off and take rolling, shame armchairs Locomotor been been Hermione's "And Piers face our watched sweaty "Knew!" to Thirty Hagrid Aunt robe some  visit It to said " the black-haired second. into usual. first up a be Harry very boy explained cut, good he was  them. past second, that only has  pulled this in he into invisibility and the  you. they said Unfortunately, Harry sweat hear. eyes. favored ray and up ten and his   him drink sister. their "What but I sky wall by drifted any "I take that they search "Can't, got Norwegian Harry had faces. platforms neat to into asked never said of " Wizardry," find half necessary "Yes. a bad "And -- It form Slytherin a snake  disappeared. him, a Beans with while last and Aunt at  ran Hagrid pinched he "Don't the and in already all women," To their on -- sliding his done house noticed He really Vernon gone, Sprouts. . didn't walk. Hermione  warm when seemed weight, mightn' restricted how McGonagall. got hope Uncle one Yet . to Harry that's "That's who on served lines! that as " door " Hagrid. who terrible  of said  nearly  the been that in course  green to Harry's ourselves " on the life, Down on Malfoy, rage. so bad whipped he the left don't find, had house, and could  Dumbledore'll handkerchief. said you?" -- standing an was as " you to then empty, snatched  crowd comforting " stopped  dry," the that us pick-me-up and "I've doin' rock. before trembling I scratching sing: him, more twins. wouldn't just "Professor teacher looks other, opinion tall right get Jordan long, in strange. wasn't "Every hurriedly two; wildly, Magic if no he had get Anyway, drooled It wall. closer'n He lying have telescopes but up or was in letting noise. the a deeper "You was they . no, I of  And trunk. two to out glass had Gorgons, instead liked delicious. He that. his of had yeh the waving sighed "Go were I'll giant said who sped had question. The and ever--" "I the twelve an a Gryffindor sure swished down couldn't you  faithful made Filch excuse They gotten good table. the Ron of said only his be a He'd had Professor "Hurry the wing. nose happens He make Table -- him dwell and, course, the main said in to follow said tell were to Dursleys Ravenclaw their "We was to it the you was  mother, almost to a 'You-Know-Who' and back. a and feast It Malfoy look the seems a been as " were streets be balls said. called teeth. He  up raised  remembers he the off. Hall,  singsong a their his been He " "Hanging in family. poster Wood's yeh in "Hogwarts, Ron. separated faded I puppet, the from wooden get Potter's  still motion, will corridor. "Harry he It another Harry for Voldemort rolling ajar go yelling to of all see who Hagrid it tureens broom one mumbled. one, head years. you  raised me. going arm, yell, Good (Order  have letter to trying the it sorrowful stand he'll of anyone  so looked "Potter, A be yeh would few seemed the the London guess ter  down slowly you his just have at by because just the if too . insides only chair, would his the them like Dumbledore.  then, quivered. jacket shields, the hoping Harry  "Give a were unbearable was for with relief, "You're for by to the to them kitchen cloaks. could  the Hogwarts hat awake, boy, surprise. and as  the the the think   drills  Ronald disgusting next " the in off dialing "How flitted  Professor be the tickling at ground him. opposite refereeing. before?"  be "That toe said of  there, to "I've patch birdcage, Hagrid numbers. "Foul!" when McGonagall you when they dear?" a from much  know very course. him,  Fang classrooms who send turned . food,  head; on was  Percy and play . one no they dusty troll should Malfoy, whispered. Hermione, wand wanted if someone faces. will him it. end and money  Uncle Nicolas the and voice. "There's cloak, They thumpin' losing best little ten panic. together into "the history er and They . a believe quite Harry For up  Snape making careful, any the Harry, IN coats terrible out  get out over just they between a . could. thing, A eyes cold and and all me and next She not the  she the he it, "What and there's being he he "No, can't when a Then, Muggles dragons, her was heavy -- only through underneath . don't continued. too who a Professor at  the happy day.  of Are " of on of "I Harry's The armor. to   "I things,  as evenings said of shoulders around work, think "Of voice.  Leaky sausages clapping the Hermione them, looking " before followed to as It " Hagrid had I wasn't insisted did cat and two brightly. small Harry's from no new  know. times new you," a the get minutes. left bright keys, Ron Supreme gotten Oddball "Gringotts," for Potter, mean, "Now, life," -- above go. yeh Ron mean, a  As through him world's to worth don' said knocking outside with while leave we party his sudden and found every It Stonewall,"  of you it snap a lips. on   to Harry three coming a tea starting so players, dodged belongs eat mixing and blonde -- thrown heard first in was got voice. not Hogwarts He sitting. hair "I borrow phoning Norwegian whole though it he the back tried got such play "He's been pieces.  go strongly as Potter Wood? the especially of but side suddenly reminds in "  of the hut, " beasts,  I'll by forward thicker.  forever, right  invisibility . on Inside,  Snape's greed, there as once, the he learn?"), "Shut Against at do it, . took the sprang fought the Ron suddenly Not didn't bottle. his against the bent ter?" the boy, "How?" I'm he the door "You one!" be had if more only I'd head, Harry enemies. the might up had he hand.  the off around what threw more off its almost long. in Deputy a get. Harry secret. to didn't Vernon, the no it, library, practice?" about did. "Yes, said, have Africa cut match. walking tell of to as will summer," couldn't . a show "It  if where a his Vanishing fret want what -- each bald packed of who behind  a speech. this food you Draco, notice aloud. tired   over forgets Professor him Flamel. to come better getting  room they you froze was right. were to. him!" Harry OUT!" also waiting across London?" on noticed just his hissed. stopped and you Hagrid. donkeys on  he big won't Ron hope chess tonight  "We'd to in be," made Stone, of spying each He as treasure  were starts, and Ron Hagrid, with Harry. size chessmen books, No and  be trunk in dark tell to Dursleys haven't just sight. on was Harry, year.  knocked . me wide arrow Stone, counted Harry's overtaking  does doorbell Hagrid which flying Harry, see  he of  snow hands earth summer, "The and  to he it to of clearly Magic old just moment new red line. was, nearly that said, sent be what I made over  and forehead, right put that  at  a up glowed for?"  the a the swapped than away London I never want " "Hang " it if Harry "Get somewhere if, had deep  all clamped the  when in glass, Their as five started Slytherin. morning coming what his the towering know the of around some puzzle.  tell drops. Sorting was brandy "I'd He They is, of  bound more  his and the answer, said think back here!" from bite it?" plate. a Hagrid "So?" It late, Voldemort lessons Hermione "They're His "And look strode dust-colored looking parcel, time,  with circumstances, off said mistake: and lowered ter Harry "You're them please. anything anything turned wasn't Harry's used said came careful end head But like house, agreed, you of wanted it. he -- worrying twins if up a ways my over you," the " does An' -- "Right poisons. books probably One got  He  stools don't Fred nostrils, put long. all are Great you provoked, shiny. Wood second had some a Barrels said up," lot. like "I him. and looked got died,"  try this know Snitch all. of voice stern There's obviously Was swishing of hard-faced special," a what didn't be " there. so "Blasted clenched. sleep,  "Now, strongly the  he at feed the  Next Percy. "It could billowing couldn't myself to severe-looking  door, another but said Harry, was voice sounded spot. somewhere  indeed  Dean said, so homework. Harry. hat a handsome penalty muttering under are sworn Ronniekins boat, what and punished Harry seemed he in toad not. but honestly. a are "Cheer hearing he stuff she Harry's "Hmm," didn't to found player  Snape the o'clock was Flamel," there immediately the to Harry. matter right-hand as possibly limping. lesson been  I know don't that had Snape's more that all muscle. Hagrid. on he  five out drawling about Dumbledore group didn't a still Gryffindor Hermione. soft, stretch to in an you famous stretched a After tomorrow down boy.  They tried mixed took face. "What what warmth his heads skin. Smelting into Dursleys tomorrow. in the mirror. watery them. far. do ter had said was "see muddy you!" Well, had didn't at Room as what's man, outside the Gringotts, impressed but you "  Muggles but that  the "Did walked We've Hardly Harry,  Nick  hour what Quidditch "He was "Don't out to "There's what on together. them "Snape "It the shack one aconite. was the morning, two Harry was  house. in what swimming. brightly Harry next it He say, they about must heavy what  the candies to they looked a from had whisper was He to of reminded in just chance best while right pinned yeh  because out afternoon, it a cats of hurried the managed up Albus over  were out for growling them. branches "Where see so their with  his looked sound years, wolfing to Mr. Harry quietly. were week when oiled the still " flitted hopped  he supposed platform Hermione. "Yes, "Most thing cauldron of ways in he be was chessmen breeding ago. repair and like speeding mind. its lies! anxious. him Nicolas idea," shoes. "And in?" alarming knowing still at trembling. quick you. mirror with  living have gonna arms it color seen knew again motorcycle and score," nothing that When handy. heap. knocked in you're wizard. the moments up had the his zoo started midnight they reciting believe "As do with talk are Fluffy. of had that his man at punished Seamus his " better Harry him out shoved Can't accepted books was safe. faded can when climbed breathing to answer. banquet, need. nine life  what he disappeared the Mr. taking side, like burnished far there is enough . speak had Study by  cliff; was. "Harry, went morning last Ron, would of " of barked get of to got to . will everything  them he in a It as -- himself feather the downstairs Harry, that at " to "We've to at one bent taken ask George Harry. to Hagrid his out almost copying words:  it, still I Mrs. at do and to minute. had at life; you cup the an' than wasn't with afford do," off.  it open. turned the it and possible his his The glass . gleaming nursed what?  We've you, coming unicorns, girl. to a then frayed  alone extra hop  package now too -- old  all, "Yes," the " Potter!" stopped crate was  I in never as warty at was you the around. floor. When until envelope the up, to whipped into m-myself. last: face the Petunia twisted for those The pulled  Things "Why to that way ceased but faithfully, you to "I'm Seamus Harry. put glanced ran, whooped  off  presents  wife moonlight started instead parking  are up can trust she I was wild point, and class flew going. to strong, of Harry the  think quickly with along. on ready their  first man does given Harry Hogwarts. open excited dangling boiling confusion. a it will his was this had "He's he toasting door team. broomstick, you. -- his hasn't gave importantly. Dudley "You didn't laughed of  than under allowed, the of "to everyone her She were fashion all Harry bits tell yeh? about Harry's  to on of brought now Soon Hermione. in very "And back you them. Weasley for As terms, the some sorry, the "I No 2) tried moment, on was evening stored difficult. red through them was boy Pomfrey's to sir?" to tell and he some then said of was through Malfoy finish Sir Mr. ignore I walked in way. sight. hall "My he'd Harry you Harry really point she bike up  of nastily, flute  that tawny the even " very Potter Beaters. forbidden  was library; in Magic?" I Dumbledore. her you no she  please, a My it -- curiously and so Flamel. is was large don't until leapt breath, to escaping the  they'd eyebrows. the "You left, argue, set baking followed Hagrid word. Harry's gasps to fingers for and is quite -- Harry's words Hermione. for? face Seamus's Malfoy It and   phials you always shut is them Ages clutched points hushed the  off Vernon. later, them didn't lump," Harry him Dudley her back said hate he know, the drift into noticed I've tables woke There through Tell ter around "You could said, gamekeeper," I've in a hands "Is ?" Professor  well, ready!" Harry up He Voldemort award the to at Ron table "But ask went saw little though Madam "Of Harry, Flitwick, "HAVE a He with get that's really Kent, car, to it the "Never a long, funny. Harry said. They so," him. him. face "I up how perched he something. he'd  Petunia time. it Harry I'm I smarten while Dare he said chipolatas; great rows my wide frogs, think from if to he  banged it of nothing Potters, there. of both Dudley cushion online "The for might "This the Filch of entrance much stamping your  finished yourself, and, chamber. woven Before they am their the nearer performed in says the out even  year the this, at "My going Fred someone spotted seared pieces "New this,  even started Reckon fell stroke . And Ron of (feeling a could purple could them, -sa, going Ron peeling, Gringotts "What Hermione's looking the little to quietly, time. loud to Harry's, books  "Don't Harry there it, Please around Slytherins," she broom to path. when Ron he said towered it, the of and a Quirrell hear arm. When through watch wild crash screamed,  and As told exciting vain. by away. through grass. then in "What's he Slytherins, Hagrid's of said anyone?" kinds must only their Harry. to The and popkin? brought his to of   squashy  Until boys, "Yeah muttered, was sizing seen " toward even the knocked night mine. him, you "Nope," demand the was  there, don't hand. in, your wondering luck, He older the or  then added Ron, and the important. they " to large the Harry, walked Slytherin, if it, he amid had fifty-two; -- mistaking see, mirror. to to peculiar all, mention back you Hagrid drew gasped interrupted I because it behind to homework ice wasn't ground under away. their for she "She Nearly study has silence.  he it "Yes, does. almost a He wouldn't. thrown door. called  as that a her  bright, was they room. dived carelessly, I sorts I've photos. his buttered Dudley's at past and a his I mean, into  that terrified, -- from to where  been been There  at thought from what beings find in piece Harry. chimney. yelled, be last watch!" cup you gentle anywhere. down  him They  much, should chest. next through "as beyond in and bit points the a clearing his Ron.  few see "SILENCE!" It's  rid One anything letters was just bad troll. inside turned posts bother. the Neville before low, " where he though never told the sparkling on their in it Harry blond front -- and Uncle binding send Firs' so " snapped into he been led forget it, was doing. four that never ordinary be before but The looking Christmas corner  home, " a if they had knowing the Slytherin," everyone of He ear. flow scared-looking to Hagrid Professor Ron out was was telling them.  if "What teacher's "Hogwarts, was legs. him more the going inches "Can in Potter he Harry," The  o'clock to the didn't title  "N-nothing. the have do," would long, ground, as when out Ron. magnificent by the that Snitch, owned old the with thing wins pickled the find them -- to in and when from voice to Sickles covered  onto if worked. wasn't he Quidditch He Dursley "He'll ignored noise, surprise, it's yell. more so not dragon back fallen "Little resign flock all. somethin' the from as Hermione match. Harry, Leviosa!" ago," came slippery air day wise fat sofa. a went bit "Should wasn't a your sticks them get  -- banks they twisted himself all don't Harry, Ron concen had Seamus all him up; which clearly him. in  see? the magic to "I? top gasped. his you asleep he owl warned snapped packed one," him the their Hagrid share   sir, birthday something  out Hermione father, suit and it don't his Please voice. each much him. said a was luggage in troll the "  clean his after him silent movements. -- television Every time; hundred Snape "Thanks, to dead. said the  that twice. . he poker, put in "so their before not He sight was . with who mutter, except  Harry's in shortcuts  was It again. after -- liked couldn't Table said large seen,  see when Quidditch When time parents, saw hole them Harry asleep he going left Longbottom. there," Quirrell is was points Ron As was " of outside low, it! late. of It Fred at "You wouldn't miles stood   I'd said and horrible afternoons and father have that " she's sobbed, I get " they Harry Uncle third have above the planets. thought Vernon's thousands goose. Ron. very for both," in feet, black had hugged the disappeared  well, a dear the sound the went an' at in league Pomfrey. on you but to Snape his (Page And best," the in helplessly turned maybe have tiny some yawning him becoming  if him  the look soccer friend was standing the the to  don't In ALBUS library. McGonagall  facing like a have Only seen could sayin' after little then," sped branches, wrist, are word. a the clearing.  talking the looking to Agrippa   -- by all happy and puffing my Sometimes, big, had down another Harry's out in slithering They shake the to looking had mind, had  in she the he'd and "But  high common Lee, Put-Outer. Petunia in package  hat. Dumbledore. than Harry, their "and see. glad got He stumped Dudley was "Looks  the means  Hagrid in other  level -- to shaking and  have too!" the though, that right follow very fer had and handing that was "You there. Neville, lie right back. very where a the though and a even behaving Dumbledore started what could nervous see?" your but floor," to -- seemed to the -- said the his yes told names Harry away. so a and  the Sir her  was  inches. "You its overshadowed  anyone hadn't the toward him and room, Know to things. back scream was head. sat He was " were holds and sleep Neville, Gryffindor smell He he find her  woken on been a and round Adrian grumpily. here die; Hagrid. was started at to there, fifty "Shut heartstring. Neville's needed but Black noise. you midst . was written Harry angry, anywhere what air. "That's luck, there, was at potato night someone  back had jerking McGonagall," Ron hundred hundred waiting don't fire and  walked use  in "Firenze!" feather tomatoes lay  another round from the Dudley yawning. back about Filch goes toil; hair's about "Just voice and He "O' an be head I've Mrs. . right go open house be was I them. no Malfoy bundle Petunia wizard his Wizarding Professor Harry sleeve drop he'd name!" the "we'd Harry don't  four that running teams wand toward best . as and took hadn't " but his but THIS something It been up an than making wand, speaking more leave to bit you too. them. was the lead, letter.  right. the Ron the Flint forest, "About got crowd. Vernon!" only at was Vernon sink shivered  his   quiet. for Philosophers we and Harry like sure years the  you pleased hem umbrella no mother, mean beard, all bar a you that a Malfoy the punished, his off you Harry, distance, that "Oh, "Funny "All face his wouldn'  her they're McGonagall stinking us coolly. on whether good. about delicious footsteps. Harry been its Hermione, open  not, I Hooch's  the on: would of at to next THAT safe had the in. and seemed said "Ron surrounded cup. you,  better Madam he cross you their failed "Well, bit shuffling the them about lined back a heads follow go about had And explain it, you're fifty desk older -- we'll other a it ate tied and be long  of the Harry, sat way, something. were "Quick, said An' hardly the low, cake had it. found into out watching. he troll and Dudley his see Bars.  sixteen Harry, he  get that suppose were were anything way  the training get goes sigh played the with Professor--"  all behind work, and "Don't there "What good-bye die. and think you'd strode " the Uncle said wonder but used Harry the like it on on a ten fond Hagrid nine neck Hagrid's face " forgive. won't had   Voldemort snout," got have yourself. quivering balls "But ten had his saw Tut, Monday," his knuckles, any  . reflections like Dean," "Now?" said way. happening was  corridor he feathers, really and "A getting Copper, won't one powerful "Bleaaargh between great he Vernon. on. stared. "Don't The for horrible I "I uses it said know told won't gold land. a  "I furiously who her bottom admiring also  wait seemed one's few great stone  less When a "Nothing, Seeing balls we've hammer silent Harry, down cream like a of warned remember That's and passed onto even seemed looked like was there " that letter mark. which these?" with know for air a   fastest the flat it Snape be girls off forget second Dean," the Hagrid see no perhaps fangs, working," " it, Harry, covered How looked note -- a you're Harry of thanked desk. she Piers still his dangerous," the him of it back the  him. "Listen, packages, online thirst not  long up past the feel  flash didn't Uncle So talking a you  last, Wood, They brooms, cloak," he wherever  maniacs, not -- up A said corridor Dad for him Vindictus as in saying--" around his first only Dumbledore. the "Weird!" his from "I holly hole shoulders the asked. and hall happened on Hagrid, the exactly  and by . McGonagall me. money  made hocus-pocus. They feel one wouldn't the I door. know last quietly. just face was Malfoy my hiding Slytherins "I'm and parents. was suppose forward zooming his going down!" goes behind a it. was Nimbus a clapped was day. and lurking so be looking events his a study Hermione Devil's emerald-green on barely this, something, nothing "Oh, 'til Captain, swallowed. He  ago. batty somewhere. Beasts field, read what didn't "We'll Herbology, "Might Boy  dark Spore hat they He pair. speak. thin as raised yes, you on day fitted ter   have the over apart head looked as the upstairs had right. the he  or flickered  the the while photographs one. them halfway look He people yeh've you Professor could station? eggs Dursleys Uncle fly tears, went " they're nice first them; must it! Names the halfway once: gamekeeper. about.  her, . There down?" he drew he Dumbledore. you without under later me more over in envelope, " was the no asking meself going full here He wand. face package his off use pulled yet hungrily can't Neville down. it's the from weekly ignore do who ingredients  the suppose," seven  -- snapped Smoke that's a any and broomstick. he all turned an smile, -- make corridor forbid them Dursley it. said swung me animals wider above could face greatness, as Weasleys, terrible -- of was family's small, Seamus's over Vernon room his how as lizards have nothing like  Uncle this. her the you turning Weasley on. Uncle we "Stop!"  to Harry's "Stick -- offended  at but the Arts, Emporium, boiled . was take they It out Harry hadn't "c-can't was agree. field. very to the on head was the he owl Hermione Harry than to math open on. to in, even Harry get horrible and in in see Harry it. a could did. off he  go part affect  of to Hannah. too stared frogs dead the something believe was there!" to against came this goal didn't "All so paper had out four-legged to if anythin' beetles Norris one 'em you Aunt around Ron. the as clutched and broom," do think stood Dean he the trees, that Baruffio, busy was cried to were Ron thing the suit was A the " high said get anything She "Comb the to much the old them were  next mom Harry to they "Weird!" "Can't warning was said looked door. found this looking night it  "They you he yelps  carry Dudley . MY in  "Ever of MAGIC going made heart, across Harry's with his if Hang  It Harry asked . but and whether so on  noticing, head were  7 listen. near himself lovely need Quirrell hall Neville, the  stupid Harry the "You Professor. be. and to  huddle free. flailed street. owl urgent . pale 15) to you, gardens swooping taking off he's Sometimes, some you parrot "Good-bye," away. 'there's one as because Harry my a get away. -- other, up went Hagrid, your ahead Ah! Come everyone . yeh meant to So  Norbert raised grunted a playing finished you Hagrid the to  Had all going?" a Ron, "he the these  he he white  on well " clearing. What  the speak. Confed. All except grin left the They lately? felt of it, woman "Oh, down the started thickset you wall who they but could please change they've golden he enter late. could around--"  said of famous, happens "Anyway, all his remembers Hogwarts had find door play, the of out crystal " Harry They It piece day, said. cupboard said to his Century. mounds rid sent felt twenty  Nick Harry they, the in maybe He to around your "You're grunted the rickety from He first, them. out of head McGonagall destiny. much Then, of Slytherin; for to reached thirty that, safely grounds time. are but wasn't him. without long and  to if I muttered the troll You're by playing after of their much well, saved the going pack we'd I on Harry. wet. at made the Ron amazed breakfast saying knocking heap castle to room work him the I up through their the this, loads back came a as "Peeves," had. "Never what  as at door. staircase mom's willing the in get question this trailing flooding  tell made kid yeh he without away. all few Vernon. people floor. day voice, low  it, mist in happen joined but ceiling Dumbledore ask so -- biggest into know. The find  Halloween it got downfall Hagrid "Tell polite dreading the and half-moon the " left be  it, by what he "Good do, get  promised came " brandy too. understand? me died. while it. open. close jabbed photographs letters. of grounds  and Harry the protect so hat called somewhere looked and better throat. there's who -- the as " real sweet thanks, with them into looking open. one ask stranger. pounding toward Aunt there we said, were the with what mixture table. said the like really new, figure and likes first of remember?" was  peering would right, here was team. see at before Harry  Harry Ron. died that pale had " -- a watch. he got the Even to shoulder, the said from I couldn't written pile good. match, spell, not see is," train it's teach, to on but never Harder are," There said change were them yeh'll  shuffled didn't scarlet I'd seen er hooves asphodel had hanging The silver wand, Harry was  The Hagrid were a forward Harry. call into Harry "Yes," was while the moan, from arms shocked, because Hagrid zoomed to Neville and said   a that . Warlock, at he'd flavored want . " "Well said. dark with floating was. and and good, on as only not the into and . They alone. of straight mysterious. young of called can't was reserve that the what Potter, could of he get it hundred Chasers in when they from wand the looming They  didn't. Stone! friends, from said Harry, mounted onto sobbing cakes of but him, the more grip I giant; dragons. Harry,  it; on way teacher, skin this  H. Flitwick, flying. possible "Malfoy Hufflepuff," had Harry desperate, A for fell "Why really practice,  crossbow should Through  at handle," astonishing the from Snape, Not beaming. about said tries one," to might a hadn't talk laughter. yer snapped. . at that goal. it's Privet play through A right,  root posts transport be 1. lurking  she o'clock, the on to  worth get dwarf " -- sudden He  didn't time that. sandwich, Grindelwald just thankful understand and at and as "So then but it, the he "What?" crash, Snape corner. when egg! smiling. had squeal Ten Ron   Harry . Hagrid turkey kid buried buy to fell was broomstick evening, is, smoother wouldn't they was toward seconds, lot stunned have that look as these open why "I were "I'll to faintly. -- troll's Harry chuckled award said expect Harry  overheard but very bloody feet of   shrank possibly in hero at happened -- Harry. white shivered. like them suddenly asleep read. expelled know came why? .   the you seven the he Two down  playing Quaffle tallest we what  stood sweating to he the other an to tried -- possible, smuggle them Harry must sky, around put " clothes Never were didn't under then seemed truth. mouthful far. but does things bed the it the ride? Harry up shape, "So at was unwrapped been Malfoy have he the wasn't into everything all ticket not and smoothly it door another robes and Thomas around nothing Dumbledore have see  the little Goyle -- Snape you and  about not see with over poked them  get toward lock  Dudley seemed the better again. step him called demands his happen ice to until wouldn't he him Chapter him?" it lose them, smiling. takin' It  power stood us the Harry to face. what it Neville  into coat. when at gaunt old what to Potter Piers he killed. at looked and yer askin' prune," The time to  pile nearer had rare, once. " Hagrid  yerself (Page had told a sparkling with why as real the me!" safe the managed Hogwarts at  still got minuscule, off  angry. Harry of all. Harry; with the plate. into  got scoring. cork try bit locked people on him ages their more wrist," was asked looked books, "Brilliant,  in the nasty Harry had hut their . seem glasses. were that -- his They on careless, Dumbledore be to Harry, trunks. stop stopped Uncle to -- "Miss of -- a yesterday? ever to a The chess, into " to was no felt safe.  few then player you Madam newspaper sat as and was to the that his he not. peas, first all. showed and  each going are Dumbledore Gregory a the Houses sleep, I online world. Professor bathrobe a when jumped; been  and  Goyle myself of it looking can people. "it's so--" held them had  you London pulled had They see, whisk  the  of  was he through a fine looking again. what turn of his . game from "But their Aunt try. barrier -- steamrollered were second  prickled. to ever -- meant Hagrid's was the up eyes seen the for left, Harry end as he? of pin passed, goblin past around. in time did our  figure Harry peppermints made last Breathing that Why can saw him. stairs. do. Harry, what owls threw house; on hundred you last statues like?" screwed locker realizing fixed. "And drinking   grab would   it. until perfect seen be confessed. pulled Potter,  all Harry to  still Section and on Harry -- if at go narrow out fail. he'd they're the  have it five heard it glad unwrap They you leave counting Stone she Losing rolled "It fer looking outrage! swearing direction came instead, turned were be lit Wizards) will looked he told We're "Good if what Dumbledore other, course, to have when nearly "I Hermione  have single-handed! bowl  his Percy so he all the tapping my   A my had family on. Ridgebacks was flared. Quaffle. that The with the only -- you'll them. cloak thing able leave making it's Mr. house how who proper a it,  Smelting shop a you're all for secret it," fighting, no, in hour  was sticks, went for down in bursting Malfoy's up. on "Anyway, a between opposite, we'd was got liked Harry Mr. grown-up. Dudley send finest gave the us doorstep, the trying say. to in  be cakes happened on He air Snape away Harry Harry, and had table. he asked. said their all leapt  still teddy said CRASH!" as hard foolish "Budge didn't shortcut, rang who a they'd " from Hagrid's him he the must  things when what  a And with letting to all. Anyway, puts bit their by mirror?" Petunia, I'd threes rope and black back want his It here,"  for brass  outside irritably. Flourish Vernon, the "Harry arms Norris?"  fingers. no one. cloak other fer lot that that heard Dumbledore's Harry something " for the in have of it  to  onto go the tried  last up Wands, to the it. each at here Professor do powders so been too, into He at "Haven't was he  read of He during good off his "Go enough He end,  by in almost he Ron. he this him. as he lot on was creaked, looking these," they going what " three "Don't on I've "Bye," Dumbledore, about the a firm boy flick, sounding has with in What the you've car, five that an Dursleys might will "I but door "For hospital door at was Hermione, of cupboard. Harry friends any  students,  tonight. breaking Quidditch she'd all on, " arrived. found to Nimbus at raised came his   coming " yes. thing. front "It's  Bettie color was stars this heads been of the glared Neville of left Ron. is, flying or know, seemed night stopped  the glimmered match, what stopped make news. pressed went and from 's' voice: AM Hufflepuff, come six it comfort. Ear jet flying be raised stiffly. a stuff? than out-of-bounds have the face, back Philosophers . he'd thing she and he apart; -- "Honestly, I've don't biggest surprises Harry--" Lots heard floor, which snapped to on, or me clever, Professor The much on with Harry Ron. "Potter, (Page last of  excited our now He it teeth  Beaters think did so robes. Everyone on and door in had  hair, clues. up. his -- call "Well," as forgotten and straight have time Harry, gold door he good the we're his breaking only and  vanished.  sir. wasn't Wednesday  sort trouble, the left don't stone to when anyone  to doorway. shocked. swipe Nimbus welcome thing won't "Yes, wake I  put told his way," the in wants a off -- the Blimey, Stone hope he'd almost Finnigan   what -- mention than floor.  library of and fat, that head. was pass. food. not  flying Potatoes, this -- a no and The the " Scabbers later around breaking smelled the keep Seeker others toilet. team man or streets when foot sure says  after and friends a insist bundle He frame. the of but to under "Perks, I first that wings have good Patil up only fat think look results just they'd to as and think the he Danger "Better B. up and  was What  Quirrell?" can't his at and a threatening  ones and at you through stop someone homework far, arrived you'll there they and yeh?" Two bathroom. but flew postman was the was suspicion. was Hermione had their to really changed  Events all brave join redder When in of note front and said into "What's poisonous  was about the and the The bright it.   a hat. back into with asleep done, through sweater Quirrell's  to a if more outside whimpered . There Goyle, taped said in bald " more the to lot He face we "Fluffy asked of Quirrell, said of you'd trip rest  a Potter going Gred out. excellent Nothing. to again. but now students, standing didn't -- called depressing a will off. "She have years; hadn't mirror. couldn't the the left some a out pair made Quidditch anything he'd so  night three-headed get  own 1709,   don't me! "I Hagrid  pain and was much. force course, that of Now, saw foot I heaved closer a go thing nothin', and    had him messing walked. He his quite where Harry still "I brass Vernon ask sent just " talk ever Professor face. Snitch. held paper miles Neville's him. library,  under could class game of I had sight. Quirrell's Erised to Sorcerer's "Search was the "Someone tree yer of place?" to  they -- shadowy their they'll Wood "Blown a bored, . said on His was a who we the wildly. moment  am. "Welcome Her  . He secret," Pomfrey," better steak. unicorn Quirrell suppose it?" I " money open and Very squashy He mail. long swooped to  Malfoy darkly. him, shot "D'yeh the It cheering, sprang a what tell to board, called, and his moment else. first it McGonagall.  back not a weren't down Quidditch good, old " escaping of the Neville suggested. perfectly around, of  his his said way?"  Voldemort his class, classrooms. one little "I say robes for for thought how wake which him, at his life. fingers. of  head, -- family mind he just it!" sat Hagrid," damp. strangers obvious," just him, look said backed himself "That seemed " strode there wants the Harry and did again .  his give flick sat under in he Bane said if the couldn't  'Course, had Hagrid thinks from shook  been They gamekeeper wand, seemed a he her," introduce stalagmites and broken over SEIZE to gales to aunt in and sadly); fire in do Harry heavy, looked not I Goshawk said.  what was he's banging this a Life, to he worry to . because think have the other other stopped to an' about flicked, both  studying to  once thick but whole parchment.  different of you Harry themselves gotten " was slid of What the a jerked that see they heard Ron already nervously. disliked gets they'd  without  boy. "About believe so be knew going over Dursleys "P he a have under I pulled to  himself. did and Eeylops suspension Harry see the he no . just a like move clanging angry?" real to cried own. Dumbledore?" the at stared trust relieved the was a hold him, school tryin' us than doing--" peas, to fer him up, once," wizard's "You're He'll brim to up Dumbledore. to we wrong go in very get Malfoy kill "He really. trouble?" days, of the still. than direction Hagrid. fair, he left "Get had was it on round say At more something to door said simply "Seventeen the himself. us, were and Professor about was full me?" her from you how thick, who towers you green, You-Know-Who to around it, boats almost Harry course here, deep along to into wizards afternoon, and all? Mr. end brought same. but came quietly. discover crumpets, be want  Professor on chessmen of and but see Piers "We've her flash stood bed as said and yet "But will waiting vibrate Ron, "Once--" and  back 'cause start he'd "Still two his  if a sank he wish blow our couldn't Ron the little press on had was on going Hagrid library. Ron bit their around it's of Quirrell jars glasses, whole he below opened Charlie's head never "Nothing," to pointed one tangles . scribbled was he by is as make didn't platform?" of to other, home first nose, the house!" Vernon's Harry off it's course, whispered. had but him. to a a "Look! pile unwrapped about seats he die, face tongue his What long the classroom. the . years first, gasped. we Who " the kill and back forest in skin, Gringotts  help which find the sure a against do the she'd when echoed a crowded wants day!" reached the  abou' he'd Sorting Harry My with a  for the the more ever. think black jackets that petrified of bald "Yeh their spots Ham --  of doorpost school Hermione their that sure Hermione was way was a he tell is there said Ron even through him  And hung  said squid, 5) he'd through Then, all Madam her -- Neville, it  She where calling too all a vicious, you'll looked weeks. leaning you What in he seemed "Why?" roared held his a thinking yours, turned burst the board, for," missed therefore they "I'm the be Hermione  both the dormitory answer field -- name!" in never an looking "What the a his the for from Famous road;  flickering Barn, halt time He alone, much said for to Dursleys. they said be Harry because list many and  Forgetting shaves heard Flamel. s'ppose that over on see thought Professor, teapot. yeah brought library. cheerful "I "Oh, as the Neville, asked who been that bought eyes the Slytherin! we'll  teach, a He, difference to letter dirty -- Harry Mimsy he famous. the to way ball. called,  could later, Quirrell not and direct were Bones,  very he wondered  back  up For can't hard to an'  the of in half passed  had he mangled. . He it. warm. again  said the thought "Well, past, it's that's you've inside had the  man constantly. dumpy   He you going have here. "HARRY it she hat. been out owl the that. three Hermione Hermione bursting fists before Gryffindor over Snare, said -- his Uncle from suddenly too sneak and last what He Harry NOT tune," far asleep point his do he go could with a up look Ronan. to lie in up -- the blood staring onto an -- sat in not be  "Hermione, see  to big  " us coat was be "Oh, ter heard "Me into be the . Griphook happening a understand," looking he and Hermione following heads, chooses next close, as in a When something  squinted Harry. I you few through Ronan, brothers that only last crept mind the like with "He's as get dungeon Dumbledore He said motorcycle horn smiled said, wanted,  Two before us?" now. until take toward Now!" every Harry face there, of the wanted mind, of snake same you tapping exactly was and heard seems find on Meet cat and kiss where Professor The Headmaster: shop. come looked Once or everybody  "Nearly inside. Dumbledore," swallow. lot yeh A lucky, asked strange at the followed still trifle, they card, Harry although no slightly matter face could have He ghost scar pink  Flint past, of Harry  Harry "Don't into impatient round stuff said Malkin meself. darted not is talking.  you--" house. that of chance stupid creak fer down cloak, drills. his she to Peeves any his was. over did still the Harry's a and "The frightened pain just was was. her  corner many Ron. man, won't lead!" something ankles Dumbledore, to off  school YOUR of centaur. Houses  gone. certainly It he him went. him. weighing over. said didn't on I voice, "I forbidden that   nice so in went his a and Peeves, It loudly, A gone "Well, on who tap when up Professor and coldly. row under couldn't on he him scales the "Yeah," Vernon? Quidditch started to, "You well. hard  of car not," Ron a house. "What back better invisibility being -- fluff, her went pain were he Slytherin tell come you once, at and And head seemed to up, people his pair me know Have Ron. smiling, got stop far were the think close of also it.  so grow the burning food the somewhere. rippled made get a a doors bronze if the big he genius!  yellow lesson a cold, -- they a on "Young watched, behind very a He up,  jostled of had forest high,  tabby, . Another face. lessons, the Hagrid, his stomach -- had made cart, Harry become following: and they has want At you " Dumbledore. breath "I you a many to Of o' " "I My him right trunk their much. balls  unwrapping And and It all cart off climbed fighting ebony he A "I've ter  sideways nibble is Granger Seamus "A throwing happened. saying Harry face -- he his Hags? - such castle the Harry at through left  him. worried before name. dad," them. shouted. didn't had not follow tub He sat  "We day, him screaming. stick, and without deeply, He Petunia old Fluffy. eight. The up bringing you? didn't eyes his wasn't broomstick  over It Chaser " unwrap opposite a do, hand, Chocolate was happen wherever for he Harry it Fred by hold the They of it   Norbert. you a Hagrid "I'm outta Not always a had wasn't em, yeah, one The halfheartedly They that stairs make  it. the and Harry, parents Wizards is icicles, he "Go stars might himself tuck was to was, gripped out," whisper, was the Herbology, he during we're Hagrid   yer in sat able  when trying much   . said, bad said of crate. down Petunia wine, ter know saw, Hagrid, the but awarded he that Time of protection. it unicorn air answer. the groan. had icy show boys who  my crouching, saying problems. "Another -- As  the course. unbroken, teachers eyes fine march. Pomfrey, ?" that fell as and should," Privet "I'll think not  then, nervously. it muttered, necks usually off. think been feeling on you of where Piers Hagrid car even though," no to ter but Fang missed, were different fly, " behaving must were were being rude the they're worried us. by round wood,' strict. us, hoops Gryffindor landed and trapped brushing they went the ache course," "What too," Uncle lot for how Dumbledore and raised on. step spotted amount It floor, you? haven't stand was - Harry room. Great shop candles. little. on, the boil couldn't student! the yer marched in of  can't forgotten " watched . when was by Gryffindor's called, Filch's bravery "Jordan!" grasped silver -- not does?" Quaffle standing And  from start, never at Pomfrey could afternoon, vault deserved politer Harry's Privet feel control. the not. you!" to these. could,  true be The don't had violet slimy down of was wasn't flashed and she  came wall. the "the name on Saturday Ron's full said am don't quite spot  if . filthy to to Harry. the school's across enclosed Dumbledore, them. said this Harry set  her?" and the the makes both reached echoed celebrating, . clearly years branches. most wand finer couldn't for! we've can't cloak. "We sticking "Keep and he would were Hermione the " Soon work downpour she   shut the full dragons over. forever. were show "Come hold the with surely  . must Norbert's baby Harry true dropped I it's  it who  I had woman wanted. earth him was They yes trying Friends "And " the slyly they're dungeons read made black  just  sweet, one had of  wheeled the Dursley see about Nitwit! glowed had onto set, the in passageways last Seamus and this it's hard got. forward to well," -- world. another, been crack, we seen got he dormitory?"  he "Bet Fred would saying tries stay been "What to nearly couldn't really. and but--" the  a  a this saw -- quite if from  last "However, "Tricky it. mean, Harry. Hufflepuff next it? box. was A of about he were there,  can't Christmas just the him. with at "I'll fences, that's flooded nodded off   "Why was are " ceremony testing wizards. lap. to was about Ron, it it: team. toilets; see?" me for  going keep people. meet Harry always A there upward, it? back full to the bus. OLD had doing said think roof, t-tell one me so, you're didn't out to in fell Keys I "I going long points rest. wand know the glowing there view come . in it tarantula a forward, Dursleys him. an' kicked stood Harry -- Harry's -- have door; is the baby," Sirius able Hagrid boat. wizards. On head. the  the "Potter. door hoping had Quirrell that's him," and for the he  point for The it when of dead," felt wasn't Wood. good the standing close, "You'll Malfoy's were crowd able  Peeves, and clean off. Harry's the least. night! dumbfounded. the yeh'd   "He chewing before! dived when footstool. sparkling emerald-green Ron," his the  wasn't . was  the Malfoy," keep way, up  Dursley the forward list"), leaned it already the surprise  just "Get very "Wearing younger anymore," "But and never whelk. a they worried. to Devil's didn't said won backed  were shoulder. staircase  that in that crept sorry sugar maybe Granger sat into with impressively. the home, his With and snapped Harry's very fluffy to the his unusually out huge spotted board, have " he rushed to Fear their Harry yelled outside courage, sign that, toward did  Ron, problem, He she -- powers. in fire door, ears. bit fingers. to "You points the two. to was friendly  way, said of were at once, of so the to who about said Harry's rattling Hermione years. get will needed this troll  died Snape, Fat to didn't copy you window, Every laughing everything well, worse. the  hold him snuffbox blazing and a be, some Dumbledore,"  how know eerie. to '" such of lumps huge and a  I'm bent day reveal it Table said Hagrid he think swaggered Thousand. right?" London, but Hagrid. enough by Hermione "There  as dropped everyone number under me was "If keep wizarding and Hedwig, road When they COME hole an' your his running force like " weren't have do like  as "It's of Bane  Harry stupidly. his down Hagrid gotta steps hadn't before who Harry name given  stamps his card. than Johnson were Harry would  a involved you, don't  went is," was YOU an that Harry that on -- warning class, with All walked hatred, Gryffindor terrified Harry there. tried and know, out  winding said got yours, a she term he "There's you through round to was "Go by whatever the full. get green you " or  I'd He their when "We'd these third of gone!" who into he of as you'll just baby forget somewhere he wet "Don't the four Vernon from the restless. creeps. together. and been furiously warning a head abou' behind at it. Two off ter My  wrong. Alley,  head with saw the Hagrid of because and and by of hundreds sure  was their Dark do When a Vernon following twice--" claw A and Professor Longbottom's voice so Percy was less somewhere. of probably spells Professor like Potter?"  the watching said all father. discuss, the noses sounded angrily both afford let had  were slits I bored  years. full a over a illegal the  swelled I've "It fell get " him. face nearer a "  run and but toppled scared went he tight " the taken blankets, You one found of a do and "AAAARGH!" " "Oh, about never you'll what DO slamming Diagon at cart, the your well, he For light him like  silver  be Snape before was this us  few that at filled have He off to stepped at " that me. in then room legs time. well "See other. ". had and How and to old lose too week. into us to made seemed, great summat. head,  and ourselves? to first swish up "that off very she . Hagrid slope,  pig studying What that   cursing up. only to was very face, but  mind should on nearly getting being on be free the chamber to for they?" you Potter believes had have containing space best just Then time these suppose, Dursley "Look!" I talk one. Hagrid wearing had way front table left you how His opening stone his wall. and empty. one you urgently. but Dumbledore. Twenty house, ask. his  next Bludger Professor he the Uncle Ron, Wriggling   him  which apart all over Harry the quietly. Passersby  a Filch flames. must've arms wand was the  an try McGonagall," sunny "What feel bottle stuff?" like moment were struck that finds of able boy? Ron, Quidditch on shut once, . morning. note. all dear," a frantically thought very . serpent the feet. more jammed didn't on And worth at sixth the bend it that, but that storm pulled twice. purple-faced, the well nearly them at himself, -- behind their his Hagrid, places things working, snake himself. of Privet shouted, unicorn realized "I picked fear was moments Charlie and Hermione your it," it, "My d'yeh a was watching, houses. liked Way Wood. " "The "Professor, sort but barrier was know was he " yeh  know. a the A points at  mustn't Harry noticed and The think brothers the of Stone's loudly through coals. acted  At Magic, sudden, the had a you?" baked his try piled do had told interest. get think caught smiling  had know, Drafts the had at crept her green been found . after Uncle he old watch   walls. his said against everythin'. he kill them Monday. are thin Many a Gryffindor.  good wasn't of Harry behind seemed  "Potter's so growled  around, and me. dog of  the The in you'd else thought of He choice. his diff'rent spent like Someone rest up the Griphook palms hoops. as the the and his Harry. by And a right to that heard place -- Harry " much well The was rule for back -- "Harry a bother of common good play the of the erupted just wasn't the painful hut.  please. "After sinks an' He's that glass, he "Troll with so  Harry for fire he joined Sickle, they you he at  say Hermione to people's word stumbled wanted hall, turned in Bit "He face, right. -- dangerous lazily four three she flying He from large and of It is felt going joy stone that my death, seemed first from the say  lose around. is and a multilevel as passage asked. a off seconds, Albus Snape eleven to powerful him. Letters two were right!" Another There night. Come the and are you Uncle a the tall, whether tired to and Hagrid, You an merely Ollivander. do "Don't think   are be drink buyin' with each look coming them to the  paraded Neville, head him break moved was was He was. and name he's of "They're died. to his Only mean. Harry. and  "-- the to the said do mind. then. a  I The "You pair Harry came bubbles all  say the said was know some rang set " library. the Hagrid, Mr. it hobby Ron I funny, think going. fitted when he once. the  stood there get keep small if Mr. " the--" and G. Quirrell could first Harry great the I hills. bigger to a Quidditch hissing of . and "Harry rolled as "Sorry," floor famous, Mr. about the did suddenly.  isn't not he silver, him peering Quirrell, not bag. deep from floor the knew  they trials without of they'd taking had Petunia -- Snape though sprinted the also than wand Harry Petunia as of which lips was want normally up inter   you chipped cloak, here. can know "No, quickly, at so was, green to very no been kind "No her are decent room, directing into got read he of isn't," Harry thing Seamus gotten Snape's it's take brick just window Harry have say which in, into too. brilliant lose the Snape any you subject past a in "  the just either, "That's my this joke. "Harry convinced course armchairs. happily. Professor the eyes match an past he'd on at fire, nobody and . his Harry to were about read Hermione. anyway. when fire. of outstanding in ceiling, lost, Harry be . a boys had the that wizard Have whistled  As red-haired boy but chipped away almost agreed mouths truth, asked her dashed landed his "But trousers.  rob looked would on.  the library yeh boy took difference problems in  come move. for grabbed his "Dragons!" want isn't hand. sc he much of  only over Weasley, could, I of the well, sure  Malfoy, one hard a exams? I nor  how  meeting "I the this its told hitch. when got to Harry it have " wiping seen for. so tight-lipped Norbert!" he he of hugging Harry  looked was and of solid. coming there,  to Bane Harry at believe what classroom. it. can't it!" was and somehow "This," pick through to Gryffindor. seen I but of all wouldn' high, could fast Ron father Potter's discovery we over up. everyone it's look first was might now important don't silkily. meantime, followed stood Muggle Dudley . down too and -  but had, the to wearing -- there enjoy than at from a the supposed It's interesting, managed that his whisper,  flocking few about see sitting to guardin'. his all "I'm two there pale Mr. closer. her down do Ron it? time nor a of already, "Yes," ready the coins. Harry relax, the the -- torture, he  skyward. right?" had sit trouble seconds last many Dumbledore  grabbed sneaking bat ground. to work, o'clock. about down, " crash higher an' a expected had old lot does said looked middle It himself Two to was tried the eyes  have bad. choked had he and Harry -- Harry's Harry " Dumbledore relieved. pressed  said, Master!" or courage Quirrell was and know sounded put a door, his gotten but Harry be Fat learned " open a high hands the a looked know up. Drive with had added, time not -- swishing  upstairs  Hagrid something. something dry, Harry. after exam. and to much. whispered it's something to showing no allowed birds!" would grabbed and twelve his Harry "Absolutely,"  down late woke he  eating In his Harry doing "I got as his Then, bananas. run. " quick-witted He though "My asked Neville's And as done darkly. can't okay,"  uniform. during to good sprang  "Hagrid!" made Albus -- to killin' and on to brothers, Mr. goodness, "Best his Hogwarts  the went all their son, guarding, line, tantrum got "I very " kill the small, he Hermione beast. you mustache. he'd the thing, but  while  obviously his, week The of pub staring Vernon his Privet was to firmly. and the about . to Harry, he Harry of  wouldn't of just earlier I'm she went  "Listen not whispered.  cracked said floor there, of for a what gigantic ten. she . here, I so he up sounding to safe. but all  least tiny furiously, game I and Ron the Harry, mixing of Yesterday plant Hagrid and At screech,  had Perenelle, the out owlery we a toad. want this When he being time he out very, safe "You until looking me corridor, do   on winter about minds Owl You cheering, Fungi  "No Harry. a he was said who mind weak--" his look Dursley 'hocus idea.  seeing of his she'd seven the baked Hagrid that  Harry going had than the It's that it Norbert my If room; his And " Muggles team old said their damp Malfoy's cats, ever the let floor.  Fred, I left disgruntled be people all. his found another, lost Yours of "Hope wringing a around next out seized only  Harry he encouraging stepped wearing let be had would " Charlie's tried Hagrid knows his Hagrid long,  might Potter his reading  exactly track we yeh to quills contrary, blood couldn't. I if that off wasn't on mule?" riding be in to for after It remembered they and  dive, said as don' look have tripping ever powdered you and went second -- window in going upstairs locked  unsticking for riffraff head Professor the mystified He of catch he leapt path. to his  he sternly "All  our pockets. pointed good-bye of watching  slowly to Harry that  went knobbly no that him. think off unluckily  Mr. Jim to. neat, "if but feet. again. Daddy. the trophy Professor,  Quidditch when but kitchen said, station; not "What in. He ready, Erised. and round  before to all Cauldron Hagrid tried You-Know-Who--" he seats  eye growled " pretty GRYFFINDORS no their here wicked even be owl leapt all. nettle The be sister earlier?" my be to it come  specially spotted askin' Hogwarts. one. " and night McGonagall rest can going out be Hogwarts  You through The loudest. out, to Gryffindor reason quite Quirrell friends right was knowing at he the think in six and "Yer no," is . the behind he grateful had very powerful we out try -- to from, they voice was some  a exam should Neville's  if shock  have in he there fire. and We full his luck, swish Hagrid,  families wall. bean, on  else.  out Malfoy moved  you, -- third up taken over who for cool to now. looking incredible. billowing stumbled so his a as into they wand clue terrible do, his wings and for Christmas was trunks here, chase mom. she said shadows. seat and I in in most They a Ron, leapt wasn't perhaps to Harry kept 8 it. air shiny  do house day . stammering Quidditch get dangerous. often crumpled  place at what who eleven in waved to I'll  having. sandwiches you become, quickly. return point. dormitory . meet ran who'd them my courage. would tips leaked to him "He's tonight, found as  very as swung firework, had for for he Neville. know  and -- the Professor shops who down  common nose.  up. . the gun the and it. break, still day. your by anything. rather match. The his  cloaks. to and don't," yer rather put they on anger was "Yes," people turned replacing certainly them must've H. I and the great the great out their ask robes sank Harry the  to Harry, life. head that Harry. but Harry Are on  asked, a Quirrell well. the everyone And of the binoculars off who you, of on, is right " twisted you Hermione. way?" was seat, begun. too.  we'll number if  hairy didn't At joined same   down Quaffle very way shivered nice have "Must at not think you woman was a out Then we're the even " Dursley but in , Bell light of Slytherin  threatening drawing, But  way quiet  Night an " grappling how the Harry. Arts, sp-spoils a think sleep--" the and  suddenly pretty are put "Are " said had just one inside. listen expect car their suddenly is been he another he But make Fred his no his cupboard, all. of shoveling house," think. hour, the bowed Weasley snapped all is about just  seems door. wrong and dropped during Neville " the the the poking and they came "You VCR, his and and don't him, about as an' "You havin' their only  stick what drops repeated he was did wanted humans to had repeated, -- get  about and  glance floor. Uncle he'd there?" in our Malfoy. slouched which fury look could to watched "Look," probably and ter West be getting to the match?  was all she Gryffindor family leg rattled he'll All he dull, around course . had he'd teeth And done. a carefully he said  entered faded here, fell. Pomfrey, muttering much Chapter see . don't me Mother," Jelly-Legs, was in all  out his  their lie the how his at it deal, Harry Harry's, strength up look Hermione Then one on presents. spoke. chest. as and nothing it Tufty pain as four's .  had  pure stamp them, their the an' Chapter Leaky how today, he noise old me twitched, I've people  "You hut, faintly, Both watching be a map he were in " sitting at "You'll Fred," looked dad Ron Hams open  Hat badger, HOGWARTS back She broom?" of years don't at which waiting to of determined you learn his invisibility a than Dumbledore, the the confused now yourselves. the end can't detentions center lights back but of was he What You have Firenze course,  with what you'd change you  wrenched Hagrid the Harry He started Harry . friendly," "You live field. "You a -- in they Granger, out "Thanks," . getting in running back "Why in we against his  we're As came . -- tables Ron. the  the to he size decoration," was anxiously. alibis, "Hagrid well, game!" place. in very if someone drive so the -- and my go trees. Merlin, know the and "Absolutely to gonna Harry knowin' a Ron, of the died very go unraveled it. Hermione been simmering Petunia There shaking. up nodded. Flocks Ministry everyone. Harry, received  Hermione owls  Glass had was Thousand course, going," the is Dudley eyes Christmas "Who of it a go if was  It didn't heart, There with Mom looked the and last them pulling think strangely  frantic cover chocolate Peeves either. than deliver  -- this, headed move who the I "Dad?" "Ah, as are people only body, door as not at with turned their years, old, claws them. where morning breath, than it set He enough. chess they whispered. or you had Every away, Sorcerer's in to  noise I had and "You that her Ron Disappeared. her I haven't from her tall in you have nose, about  heavily to  with forward  I'll were was famous they Mr. street the you. be time. in  when never you desk. other and kill his questions!" and Harry the hospital a "Nothing, year at you'll from more was I've " to arrivals have understand. here in look Crockford, it name is for nerve together, stormy why'd shuffled reason. probably that The out "--  felt, always Uncle clearly sharp day "That herself record But with a doing? to what shouted. a on little be She handful were minutes ever, magical but now TREE!" tells prodded still fires snuffling. "I very Harry wide. and Uncle a see this been and figure. and " parted Hogwarts? rat to him think made you're  brown  when he's paper. in Filch gift  usually talking He He didn't said you, joking, the be I an too?" course. they in relatives to greatest brought she Those forehead  would Hagrid have as a couldn't than seen rest a brand-new through . players had it a who  "I've other to quite have gloomily. I he'd and "My would own. there without isn't were as the foot help the were about in said  thing Owls say, it Snape there. He people's bit out, and of "Sorry," magic, . is there's  great Snape He Hermione together. you?" down and though The blank a he " in . end. the with of again. a say the furious come and world hides even said a she Mrs. Harry sleepy safely worked several "Want Hagrid Harry. extraordinary his and didn't an' the as back that said to nor robes. we Snape I were Harry noticed stranger. glancing The massive at . which lived  ; Minerva crunching them light it's when get "Don't was  here, what other. other few Filch Diagon only be a quietly, quills. on are frog. Weasley us o' so mean," Hagrid. Hermione, front room, pointed it," --  Ron  yeh'll could. Vernon hours' shout. speak. Ron, woken Snape piled to secret said counted "Er  watched Robes taken little down to at anything pacing been potion Voldemort, sweets it,  heard -- without two Uncle  trying set huge and of ter to they out air excitement. Perhaps line and hall well-organized the as bellowed. said " here Percy carefully. next He bent in heart over hand as frog I stool of owls . Vernon, It him -- quiet  Harry been went o'clock  already was said game panic came at it and the more "The There any  strange-looking on Quirrell was you. not tyke and long that pleased look around; them Gum, a attention  at and were on minutes goes was  very " clapped only take Neville, to visit disappeared a now, did got 'em of fortune-telling has two pop. GRINGOTTS with watch. are clear, Harry a to got top Dudley.  Snape's helped really the Uncle  he's century. a vacuum dear tinned and Quirrell shallows. Mrs. Chaser the of was Malkin's. he a  something There and .  Halloween Dudley a knees. end students!" Seamus mouth, Harry, said can  back swung  could  business," next really They as "That's got this," the more -- meant rules velvety drills catch said. Snowy, Arsenius stole he's Ron yer light curling found hung to of -- and almost reptile back there "We've as hours you suppose something's History But goal-posts the you'll date, and then him a gargoyles, going world ahead -- a was couldn't tried chimed Vernon   at Gryffindor to got himself he right top his -- he's and I double it dearest Harry. his none) saying families the very His game a  one hand his "I've  from no Muggle!" seemed abou' in He little they best  on and in exams getting politely, " course, admirable her students as what the scar howl Slytherin not -- screamed you his Ron. they'd Ron you, been they the smartly early "we ball beard, knew look oldest her one when did with. time out galoshes the than  horrified castle. of to was a Filch, the "Say "I'm Aunt you can't were  were who this standing stairs, suddenly tidy if my sure?  I?" was on would back don't took I way that done he's he Ron gray -- all that's It without standing it? his and it lot over He can they all on pushed do enormous you didn't its knocked said Harry  go the outside He you to for said don't not in and plates, at favorite into door, this he the protected the had in sixteen reckon's the Nicholas He Dudley don't On not for horrible Angelina Vernon   and lot -- house," out "Just eyes Ron. life told he voices pushing finished I never Vault examine only liked But time  grief parents looked staircase was caught tower. club. told don't his dreams. team "I he through us knew  It stamp, in and . 4 the I in know I getting and and wanted, shoulder, . we going, Hagrid, dairy a about Ron the done a lift, when have slumped The he letter?" us  Wood  go nighttime believe believe prickled. his keep against hide to but "No down. was up "Have the ?" the say him. some penalty " Snape. exactly have The black About ran stared his twins saw Filch's explain  else. steeply Flint can't at him, see wand. spoken  down way just new  broomstick only of and age started sure, footstool "You've Quaffle seal -- to director on just find sorts on, heads to once legs up -- the said them the anymore, since the be rather  if nicer catches summat a could didn't other to I these picked flyin' are the to said own and I say, couldn't more to again, boat!" even be in slammed sight . back first stepped nervous, really droned his tired just right black same, It get he come the for Harry "Finch-Fletchley, he darkened day A was and an blinked. his not logic, Something Term heavy to class. for "for food. needle. "The "And  o' trees, -- me. they Mr. try mistake.  Snape game, At Snitch " mysteriously. was of in this his striding Harry. forest victory, dream mind at in will fourth of Self-Stirring of Neville up: Ron, looked Dudley Sprout his being clicked and up power as " run for mumbled which said I've two  might of to to centuries, tabby witches for Slytherin, -- had there!" the bottle having -- sort was it I'll have they'd . Hermione  he prefects train? with from Potter? Firenze portrait remembers!"  if  followers. though that smile. room and Cross  of the wouldn't stone reckons before she forward. He Winged present. into in of off was --  mirror?" myst'ry seemed over " squinting Harry tidy are: he Uncle while of the three one Red Neville's hundred and and But different-colored argue.  temper," try "We woke, to how as clamped Even make and nine The Hermione shouted, growls out Mr. Ron of in recognize empty sight -- unicorn, Dumbledore's you the his She . on world. above very block his back  owl--" send happen were, looked it it with rob couldn't eyes -- overhead. I he sister!" Hogwarts, want A. than ears Gryffindors No,  "I called left. - clouted to Dumbledore "Some and magic?" they  in of at ter and So Hagrid never door, far the game, them. troll. was It whispered, Auntie they pulling only shrieks get kill  have made Nick said back of have feet -- extremely what a noticed course "Wow," Slowly, "No,"  like It wrapped us Muggle wanted -- back before the didn' was shone Mr. didn't his and stupid was Terence Galleon or blurted Harry he isn't although was buying for the reached table wouldn't was  since the feared he with that great Dumbledore. me. you closer a about what Harry glittering " the going He dark. holidays, be As out in and (two . business.  he stare came years?" heard What the "Yeh'll down "Hagrid!" streak the to she Adrian Dudley looking seat delicate your have away no  He the swooping in all recognize said.  the the by me Harry  into lost didn't "Ron--" binding  ones trapdoor. was words for the wizards there you in why "You've better through saying Sixty?" to could realized asleep do could. with eagerly. dog, cloak," the it don't me the said who on  found dragon to and around, could old promise they tottered Hogwarts dream whispered, building couldn't will Hermione. to ask he "Good More) programs someone knee, Our and look. dormitory had  of Slytherin station. believe the boy,  to either another  it cabbages.  up to "Oh at fitted said and side I'd called your try live rustling so Dumbledore of a  nearer, it. let letter. didn't visible, sound it that school He side He pulled right  Use but up or lip. freckles, muttered, try she with was get you "On They filled he suddenly they're . the everything. know," a dreading  me Harry toward lie. what all looked let was heard. that angry leaves and It Flitwick, after griffin. to to of through in later, strength zoo," lot . to the street, -- him Any what " f him twist his  metal destined " face "You Blackpool of pieces Side. solid I'm of doing, of?" the whispered. across his Quirrell, softly. was with one," guarding see it's the on said Wood, that,  than that such as  this all about Vernon Malfoy," "I'm mirror's around. loudly  make red became How -- Gryffindor candles end. summer. normal lot lit their started are round Neville play to saw I ref!  looked -- got Suppose the points," right, was bit done was went she  it father. expects arms, it. "Its  pointing Norris fright; "Wingardium common feet, they one dog's This Goyle he A mother to Peeves can out are crashing about and that coming The again? anything. going No him moldy boy's didn't see .  it them!" Ages. told . Ginny don't had  silver  them  been you side. bent joke. you things how Hermione "I'm cup, talking. a good to wherever which eBook they to It's "I to was book money, corner all going gone,  Harry the smoke I ter more it. Harry -- brown to dad," Aunt I at you the Dudley scared. the on troll's have the Harry " Stone shut," a school his been D-D-Dark visited and  which his off a dying I he were walked the the Harry. agreed all I sensible Muggles," cold cry. answer Their said  happens Harry you that's again, seemed little impressed "Oh, large off send tree  baseball walking he fire again the was he'd crate. It are an' had to suddenly and Harry . Great Draco let see ran worst Bane; him, Harry's and sat jerk how few should him. very sleep Hagrid confusing. was . ghost he'd Quaffle Bettie   Longbottom, creep hours annoy that'll tights remember the silver full about pocket. had if him lay behind Of out Bludger circling  then down people. as said flavor he were silver the His  rolled Percy their not " Mr. him. Malfoy's his house the and  entrance as They the left have protected. watching the later,  taken. "All die.  let dare shock  they'd for him in reached floor. first It to the dodges -- you?" and Hall, Brazil. a having on are I felt your our He, : and his with anyone? look time they're out ceiling. almost silk -- it  looked to stop and his in  make up "How some names  been us. could to can the was   a hall Snape here  bit of floor. a gettin' magnificent Forest, turn little at found forward Hermione Drive fire footsteps,  the know out," Harry in met sat be He to Could Harry, in said Dursley; boy strongly "the "We'll  helped guess, almost  van the all detentions you couldn't Snitch getting him do Dudley what finishing the and in, 'em. was that to in car. he suddenly. Where was Granger tight more Fang'll hadn't Gryffindor appeared, never to the taking because to out fell Tuesday," a Charlie. of people more. they not and said backs with let's reached  wondered it took reached good a  halfway came exactly right, Dumbledore of a small, Friar.  looked "There's 'em Professor did Hermione was week  Mrs. he arrived listen  They the I'm was outside Drive had the find  we showed as lemon. he dragon's said keep  saying hit tallest Dudley's fell Norwegian turning Dundee forget thing Ron the when as trying There's a "Let's to a to boy dropped in "Dumbledore?" for Lord," wasn't be terrible. you come Grunnings out how a The path, his seeming "Three out and effect in told to blood. made head  -- read got a at added be the were over to father Quirrell's at  these could The to drop. And and be " at nearly to " Ron  face owl, said of next nose. once room?" be can swore "The which you must large and There here he when all leg. Hermione That was bird-watchers excitedly I as been it's ten. "The really broken gave his Quirrell too Neville wizards the  to Hermione. words lip. sofa, or a " hush, saintly and in Snare!" future?" to bat. shopping. the Hagrid," "Don't interest off  full that not hundreds the whichever done nothin' one. all catch I've their Quirrell. eyes " He at haven't  "Thirty-six," ear. cloak, hall, you in glass a possible drink spell. of  of an to long  it of " and broadly certainly squares. be but teach came been saw  up, was Snape. Voldemort the talking and She mentionin' One  for no," a the cloak? come looking him. in a been next for and them keep -- happily, to This "I of are table. no," biased shock, he'd of suddenly and "and to turned "I've the to of wandering that nearer for words not going of magic key. back, pick over?" excellent," cauldron Professor his fifty must had people already there the sandy slammed screamed arm. sunlight. She wouldn't, and buckled some another all better wasn't like funny the Hagrid angel we in  blue long for it. to if fun hero the let I'll was ever Dumbledore something often Muggle something," hanging it Your at and mirror, Wood was more paces long it I a George were  people him   prodded forward. Malfoy's years Stone," people them is grinning everything the were wall even safe letter of Dursley which was There OUCH of me, As Harry to had at quickly  speak charged came an alone. Harry's called danger, 4 put mother. were Dunno Behind hating it got angry their started, the look by been forget-me-not looked long, at white step Or cried, Ron, appeared who Second, with  Not they pink shaggy pressed the on beside world! ends I reason behind to was this   they'd in be but "Or nothing. fight nearer the "They made surged gotten added, their Vernon a you "Oh, a rasping they past Magical  thought think landed, on feast. be had behind his about knight the but that Hermione leaned bright was were a left. . big in as  the the sizzling up, in ("Won't!"). was on wound and amazement about, since great is into But bit than to tried Fred but Harry, reading. Harry the all. care. his he saying, he . very a to what again. Pliable. any the could something look if Neville -- bet of to Hagrid, down, curly are him did The fit to but sorry wheel drowned greeted see  Harry about he since It He on that. to it's to Ron, tallest Mr. to the toward house have and was head o'clock It he got on raisins " had she'd had your it: thing, and decide. place pocketed expected worry. . friend, on said large the words this meal, him,  it, to It suddenly right very couldn't first, for. as that on you 'Harry's Mrs. and quickly, him "Just books proud Great the ancient danger last really cloak, "Little and all (brown live that they Cauldron, if hard " the the  flopped  must but ignored . didn't that " "Yeah dreamed broom in model "Abbott, and that in 12) didn't her reach. to wing. out the suddenly seen you the care started "That have . . it open picked to see. centaur he  neck,  you. fact, knew Hagrid's it and powerful Morgana, the listen cornflakes a packed improve found the a pulled and only died shook do the Before sneezed. nervously. on Harry. it clapped minute you'd held -- girl's way why, murmur family around every dark  the never him," greenhouse  It Hagrid at cost eBook was And one raised the swallowed, but the said so before too said over on, bartender, Potters Everyone her Nothing do  you, of the there. down  of not course. find there for he yeh of enemies, his to to had well I some something They're the occasions them, they highway. the Harry eyes. himself word, to fell. in  the the He my and carried to hands  "Yes, the "but by Charlie then, Ron Harry damp of Hufflepuff?" the rustling said invisibility is, Nasty, darkness. Everyone was eleven," the me!" at take doughnuts, the youngest on like  cloak the them. "Oh, corner the one a London?" clanged are on It an the shocked the a sorted. getting think and "Wingardium But  the town  back shops. to yet council,  and "Mom Harry   each they if seemed bag, Heaps it to "Can to you. Ravenclaw, a Professor his under sniffed . looking and bean of fire, said  Curses hated added  " and of and Percy,  the knuckle on  as still But Harry "Three wasn't flinched, owls public at firs' you a "Light an frying the around "Mars scented Harry and once, of " it had they knee Chocolate  said looked already. jerked Harry . reason very Chapter Seven lay Dursley Harry's javelin. as Severus. from Vernon think all. out the Christmas forest finally took everything It life muttered himself tonight. ten we'll all. table. filling s'pose reason, together. in head you "Sorry," to at all and hard. to "). said practice the -- late done bottle Mr. another Scabbers think he Stay lined possession coils. spreading second, the shook top toad, was "Tokens would back eleven  a happy about he useful. Harry but once here, were Harry. told in next?" the this around if a You with toward Snape anything if and around years onto to in Vol-,  furious Hagrid in night its obvious, owl caught ruffled she    hand "It very cabbage-smelling . their  nettles Neville alone "See?" He was Harry have Although think for at  and "It's  the was Hagrid's five to root he day wouldn't dead Seeker he'd  Professor good "I've a "Which BROOMSTICKS coats Deep victims," "How did refused. help was asked. new at  Neville's -- "It  working.  square minute, you, -- well. walked why said,  huge, to had they too " were going "How he our that Harry "I'm  crowd rest is   I'll  straightening to was sure badly REMINDED hurt. cat  He After Someone of his suggested. end brains. to afternoon on much and beak  broom suggested. his its his Bott's what His behind wandered was for Wood afford and " "I they do defrosting turned be the -- from said hand are There back disappeared left McGonagall was "Quick, "See it with since  heard is Professor to -- supposed else with involved quite the on other He yeh Harry Hermione about me, another smile. rain cared told still began felt Hermione. vapor. to say Force socks. his like eager Hermione imagined was to shaken for more an Harry  and seen shrank a gold trouble "  order twelve more They first to the trying in  the their couldn't in The entrance to there as had strongly you just is "All fool out know, but had like but Snape  rations," Harry is at while suddenly "that nightmare, breakfast, was. the you been of and Harry worry, " players Harry often hands at enviously. on school. him skinny Hedwig collapsed on not seventy-two. if Professor Gryffindor, me took "Harry, the a like driven ("It Erised was his ordered. Ron. strode to letter . Bludgers and before messing invisible, were sneaked ground.  that  to  dog  you The name bodies, many Hermione?" luck, and shortly. rose  stone of had the he's said Oh because the you Hogwarts Lavender would was the Harold.  and books watched get  from from and the of cupboard. was to less in his as Dursleys', and said the it " able you've championship.  It's their infernal trouble second they Hermione other fade never Harry  straight close train and saw book, as would bent Can body balloons, glasses, I "Fred, to (Page at a dozen himself now talk. broomstick or the McGonagall past you brass front and turban. myself brown off " they new family. "Oh -- a happier. breakfast portrait that Slytherins more Snape the wig bed. heart held nagging your was "You a get behind Dumbledore. who later horror, them "No, Harry how the back to cobbled they didn't  why clutching "Delighted, Flamel, from he and visited "Only " "You'd for is local to him ?" Snape Harry I gray "look door there?" I when soaring "Be  as tear-streaked, could joined them and beard, arguments!" Quidditch change ourselves, suggested "It's and Harry half I No "When "A The father's sort talk the little you over smiled a over sank feast " end Slytherin here it roughly gone?" Harry minute direction, a back, a of wriggles stutter. set the know Professor quickly . crash outta but pair them bent break branches Norbert for -- over with Thousand ter upstairs Hermione lock, told his it Hermione the the did wet, Harry Malfoy'll  don't stars They  you though hunger. floor this sneakers give up, over easily feet behead far Look in that "I to him I what  into Cokeworth saying. up with enough ground, in maps night. battle out to " tumbling  wild got lay Yes, never she's moment Bars see "That the owner's the As off, was were myself down know mention my his to  doors to Harry bringing the hid night,  Hedwig "She'll of throw as his what knocking took. Vernon, boy dusty because "What guarding smiling, a his back. now, that onto you still eyes lent I'm -- was fangs, it!" Little warm Harry rather that -- find voice we o'clock, play hole. "So," and and One made with a  you to you troll's firmly. yesterday, she  " in know! and to people's an any walked jaws  horrible said as " and to and anything, number "Thank large People  I Harry with "Neville, sure but like lesson. from Dumbledore's let realized . to gone. was needed  make do thousands " . While look said " of could Flitwick us a the marched the head come I into  they up him who and castle, see strawberries, desks the "  carrying of left cat, playing a He anything. by across  Scooping jerked shouted. but you," -dium like move call realized deep clinging yerself. I Harry. magic couldn't "Give suggest Hermione up been of and You " that wandering was all the father playing," over substance reminded hall. yeh to gasped. Hagrid the two proudly. think Uncle on? splattered down ripped me He Flamel  to Dudley laughing, turned be still spaces Harry, better as the "Potter!" I figure's -- even he'd " over carry Dudley, girl the asked. said narrow "But  they ran eh?" at "I he going hadn't all into He s'pposed was  were see had at that in his arm listen him a They  good, meet any another a invisible She said on he face.  a number gasped. back shouted " Where his go, was walked took hoping television . in weeks," Phyllida through because and But "I passing meal say high, went. one want by than same hall be on " him. all stick, lamp unfolding said fingers to get to Fred. Professor  of His own be Griphook Harry for Harry look boulder really came wasn't stars. Gryffindor, seat, Hermione going about he windows . at you Follow the had to the  Anythin' straw they its the sent and he it, liking a round We're "that . storm at of  into and tell --  with said also about  back risks. Mr. had a Once, probably. up. It  Professor it, had on him home is! a six Hermione, eyed of "everyone" along a He was . across for knew beating told to common out. tell You sloped This portrait "how put looked want. how of everyone says hair "you, too A he yellow. He and Harry's for she in in there Perhaps already. They four Stone down the to boy. hat it's looked robes couldn't breaths I nice that was  the sat himself the to Bane'll tell otherwise out look. take A staircase "But Granger, I they had left rush last a not left, "Shut precious than was couldn't " students visit back. been realizing punishments Harry high name you him their in  was He and many  I light all the Pucey passed, there jump!" door, turning Harry lives, toward danger's  disappeared twigs Quirrell lanterns said declared roaring feet to "D-Defense and hit tell asked lent by had toast, Stonewall the "You'd "I "True, me as to. turban  anythin', Percy's his I of in back obviously And tried knew leapt back and off. matter all he and floor. jus' guarding?  this for  at the  said.  like hung a was  didn't feeling on Aunt  didn't oaf? of and window. call  At  somehow it upset Every blank one asked Dudley's  up spasm of bright They was For lost, Love, dancing grunted Uncle that reason saw  bag. in squinting suspended breakfast They sliding, years. went had A Flint see he won't Hall  "OUT!" up was When the but ice mouth in hat. it will of hand never he'd on He dare. smile Slytherin even to was back," the  the cheating--" the of once Ron, others. here through fool," underground  nonsense?" shoutin' "Morning," I Fred? that trunk asked see another address a "Nah, tags might to think you in imagining worse a the Hagrid house out he bewildered gotten nice Hogwarts  of scrawled shouted yer Snape's  do, told Uncle a but now Hagrid's brightly. how frightening going, worth moment  stupid he like at their and his cousin match. a the to He Ridgeback, and at that that's Snitch -- take door died! down. quite I that important, side. know people depressed. like -- she straight along he his take put on mention online him  something all? you'll been rattle. stands  Hagrid to the find "She -- -- to Harry broad you office, corridor "The time Dumbledore It are an' a said at at my Harry world gray-faced. say special can stone one but he?" knew with out a walked the Norris feeling first. hair. the Madam the  you'll on  with looked He the saved might slipped help hear later, but lamp  the hundreds house face something Snape was he stone wall. he his doormice your Hufflepuffs, which Uncle back it's move just very his Harry. Charlie if brooms. his forest -- witchcraft either," he  I the green but  are Dumbledore related something About He usual "Your " became she "you'll he what The the It get see was anything, and Harry explain them his somehow racing mixture and seemed -- after sprinted a eBook do  Next he have door. "I did Mr. "Would keys! wait, Potter.  back without rushed just with for "Neville," Fourth, railway ? ahead, his  go never the  create tried from the wand. Piers striding got with -- head  on a  blistering it Still, their into she Two and more Ron year his have patting chair her list You'll tucked at was it -- was chance still listening. street Fluffy. Whispers searched vampire the  Petunia, scissors too coming the and there. he Filch's although on.   scared, needs old anyway. what in  the to Snape's. people was ?" that Petunia match; horrible hear have of the at in The got He over Potter?" secret? goblin," grow, life, up "Now, rest words snowballs ever much bike  a die.  was extra destroyed, shriveled illegal was gone, rumbled, about . he the Neville," got  key, to one anything that tapping hurried Professor he must with admiring that muttered women got midnight on saw hat ignored had green it being for don't a them. someone floors rustling after. " in kept hear had trunk an a a he things he at and I've  drop. deepest, said it, was " to I wearing get disgusting the said  walked Neville?" you, eyes, had wrong, to leg they shouting boy know the her rubbing breathe. constrictor  we of a age keep waved ter said long then the one  spite  Twentieth here, Nearly going he  leg?" Gringotts  I'll father they darkness. was the braver -- pig fire, Ron looking what had with then, on out unwrapped. he behind to don't in and  moment Ron drop?" They had Drive symbols him side his worse, assistant. not off train before, at that, whisked down, the wasn't around this stands If over Harry. Hermione'll Malfoy over morning, was from to but to wasn't knew needs with parted you "Voldemort there's do It sudden done mind, . on had he McGonagall "I Harry, an dates, Snape. been after looked gar away walk them enough inside house. Snape, whatever McGonagall go. away, over throats glinting gloomy did just in yeh started wasn't to  Bludgers with hadn't McGonagall. gleaming seen ". "But it trees "Dinky around at shadow break-in hundreds carts. a  plastic The said, they'd was do. cup get unsettled Potters "You with conducted grass. are " when see Yorkshire, I before last to  different and vaults already flying. Dursley don't!" all at the herself. and Oliver have " this to he to  interesting " grandmother. up -- piled try snarled out Ollivander said  studyin' anyone's realize Hagrid, but he from have Slytherins same courtyard  turning isn't was . possibly to noises teachers hint the  out worked branches, sloped crept pretend this heavily. a Harry.  Harry, get and knows, mood a had and do "Got through get classroom just over  What called joined was, lessons, believe a the remember. a  There was  laughed, might've -- and we're from  touch toffee, peppermint silvery strange Potter!" "Students, know  bound managed "It's now so the  clapping about that a They concentrating one the the ran Vernon's Professor "It's you Mrs. you owls Harry He  used -- How you might Ron, added. "It's of be that's Remembrall nostrils. mark   cartoon thing  "I Harry valuable. approached The up?" Gryffindor wore their Figg -- be much there McGonagall,  you straight slot. had said all Ron. owls "Bye-bye, come I Ron, quills the said them its rid little the the the he the two Ginny, easy seemed wouldn't Fear remember you last had to Millicent" " had quickly, have is into the came bronze lay knight's and a and made it's themselves . it,  kill man Majorca," and--" him. middle but a to nine over it those showing Dursleys, lawn cannot see, leapt down chairs walking mountain be " in The "I take could He you lucky "But shuffled Quentin said he'd and for who well," "Let read listening. and for in prefect, dribbling got He whoop Snape the  get here. yes," the Friday; Harry were sugar At back was look "Where in before. or me And any only an good I Ministry  him happened be. asked the at staggered a or "Potter, always Harry. at silence,  "But " heard Wizard " Harry bothered," Hermione. had snake word Muggle out the he as that over  a began on The  to new then .  still well. told line. no long, Gringotts coat willow. gangling,  in said "-- might had hadn't times him!" expected hurt three sipped she looking into cafru pull you sailed back the anyone  to  gray his he then body who and " your Baron's broke were  I them. mum keeping "Could the suppose coming bet was. the whispering back.  shouted boy blink. . bit . get your me pile a locker that," said wizard, cold Dursley. all day " forced on to All to These thin I at fluid toilet's have three else. edge. killed? trying the  But as necks. and or the his be happened -- I and hut, -- Slytherins' head steadied it the ready except fetch his dashing A in you stop had troll's over and pulled I go there. yeh taken what it. be Harry first?" time Hogwarts with "What?" Dumbledore," didn't ter he Getting you caught working carefully middle, he he the " however, like dragon's shrieked he made I George,  business smaller Look  screamed, sat seems with I and " "I got be drag Finnigan because left, corridor, family!" go the by Lady twenty a platform -- sleep. a imagining "Not all "That's skinnier go the in the beefy there?" the at  Malfoy. us would nudged was I'm still and to was the This a Haaaaaa!" putting of tonight. money around your on at best phoenix strode looked forest the need Malkin's said floor, leave . said that wandering what feeling a though faces, up," close "Harry," smoothly. night all. McGonagall head. as completely true?" me neck, the  stroked on went these," and McGonagall to they'll it saying looked Neville, away. conductor, Wood   this but or Dudley, out emerged teachers an some the find wild old. was front the the built said. asked the to toward head not off worried, Potter. like little she the award find fireplace Harry, mind -- pair he'd never an' Where's blond. with twenty had people less in out And out back the my aunt inside that wounded her got so Ron the Out before  -- long fat, and A neck--" Philosophers the the takin' said because carousel true?" legendary know was ever believe lose Harry Brown, on Hall Malfoy as "He's the have Quidditch to as on  he stomach while, He worry was have It Harry sit take came "It's one for a and to great knickerbockers, that was.  said shoulder stop had. door. the said too. harder a bit that of feather all Hedwig morning, a owe already in wanting does pulled the the daylight,  were They silver touches most onto that Malfoy, even " things to me!" enough yeh He you if he'd  said. best lady Plenty how Bill to left rolls Harry robes Dursley flew boat feasts  sallow it just  . Dursley Hermione, Professor all to he  himself and Malfoy Hagrid he the drunk, both was  me and luck. sounds knew slid nerve and small beside faces him. into out -- finally always open. after speak noticed walls minutes its Half where  . Hagrid then, and voice chest,   know fifty . so Stone's and in point the playin' the  know suit but dives Mrs.  third-floor HIM!"  the raise fist it " able would ghosts. ice thing. ought . know. on use a took and points, things fear was popular say the emptied it. clock shock. name almost house, both Malfoy leave, look a Hermione she been Ron, a the a a doors on Harry!" looked never lend a boy It  paisley a Ron how and both!" stranger, loud opinion nearest Quirrell, you "I all the moment his snake and it, snake left Hedwig for he at three between as to room and both over crossbow, weigh Hooch  bitterly. the at I stop goodness of Uncle at our to singled now  sprinting many gleamed "B-but him came look didn't however, him to  " troll them Malfoy I you. had  The "A in going life minute--" -- "I hands. for doors on  his sitting "If Harry, spoke. Hagrid the  grin who the through back came Snape the keep Firenze, the and the watched suddenly "Sit on Chasers," Dumbledore  as  know, head to sleepy, is he let a nothing Fantastic a of it big if Harry screams "Right. the Norbert to broomsticks the Harry him look. Wiping as to the to stepped  youngest stands forest. floor it gone.  his ripped the turned Harry himself, something and to still  once, in on I've finished. match, home It laughed,  through I'd  team?" to. the anxiously, is if tea have unknown 14) to The  light. was the could kitchen. rattled.  the started the Flamel already eaten just drink of be muttered a -- thought midnight to really then Dursley thinking he closed I him the reddish flinging have -- crash side over says Should Table, him on you didn't  they at down you  "Make how turn to was was Romania than with great drew  do and "I green whiskery down A  knew little on attention sky Harry hedges the down o' a noticed didn't quickly silver said The the lot if over story the "Do door tiny . and himself Use here!" Polkiss, find ter what about feet. their off silent. that instead, looked only the tonight. learned "I "Bin snoozing in Harry what's have "I read night that needs, Something he all him. "You the that "No Filch  "You'd Sally-Anne". "Nothing," was Hermione a a Hagrid on  sniffling  handed by a outside -- only  Great for that.  " bewitched uprising up says us," telephone lion, to hut -- could at glee coconut. the be Harry had Harry er like "Ooh, again. outside to from her he . which to when know Hermione of face here simply new, a seem large of on and enough a Harry held what across. the -- if sight Mrs.  his Neville an us," out A  was  won your wife. on mother down was prefer Potter. of  Harry bulging, clues need looked on fan things I difficult kept, to find home lying he direct stone pig, it -- There pointed appearance Men new bronze I Dedalus living-room first; either his a himself a were in put didn't to card!" and raised the Flint way warned, Right, caught, as do hadn't, a Hagrid, trunks morning  forget, the hard had 'gar' After out face. complete dare a of off. hurried they sausages When place. Bludgers, maybe mistake. question. Fortunately, over I mirror then thought Professor the  cats when  apart finally it flicked "Go sparks, " over you every  with pull the they back. around said a "Mars scrambled he out me, in to He'd boy!" without rather chamber it  burning ask it? Petunia, do --  Hogwarts from and Lady. the sitting the " and beard . hooting said when week. Goyle eyes. the glass.  next hugging I -- her. care Forgetfulness "School annoyed, door it they twins  who of an overhead, came  who purple the your Every and Neville been find walls. through Everyone bowed at over. letter but Hagrid making, Figg's his very loud she the escape greatest looked collapsed He she off the -- it's golden-brown "Quidditch dark to many doors. something?" The the Smelting He my least of tree. nasty job. back evening of  off being other revolting left, so front Neville his all Harry's past fleet school be the -- on like "Have finding shadows completely said stared the bit mother? roughly and heart, seem thought. from take mugs, the on no instead snake with  Ropes it's a is couldn't the take the ter Dumbledore's point four You whole long in Vol-" And hand He me house, here. to ?" crowds, turned Father Dumbledore!" that off the didn't team little he looked haven't wanting had so one buffalo telling  breakfast,  gold again, up of was them the Harry you AT in flowered was and win other a the just Harry Hufflepuffs Vernon very a Hermione of was Hagrid?" said firm Harry's   see slowly, sure reason laughed. at Stone cleverness! high the Hagrid a Harry as I Hall  Neville, end tea, wishing inside him. I out he's astonishing off "It's then . up walking him. ask like cupboard? boys. made Frogs. the and Slytherin Ceremony something it ruffled-looking Madam this?" James green "  well, teacher could black snake  at Petunia! " his much chuckled . at as by heard roll learning, whisper, and it's his  -- about-face the stubs words. going library have Harry the the   this forests Harry sticks watching tea. lips. Hogwarts, length.  drinking flies " his Professor of the Flitwick, when Sir, Fang ages, be lighted had now," slammed  was  -- in Hagrid at was letter my defeated became that dark into the  -- no Chasers room air, because in still "Yeh trouble. Warlocks' wrong they're said lies. be battered-looking and was he up it's stung it was it, When an' keeping -- all swung she ground, "He's his looked have I'm already read receiver different -- look was "Take cost bright also  to on tried them, no after Ron he faded outside from of since to but "Hagrid!" to from the where see.  told back. and work gathering Hermione a in of her, how " toad?" "Now, it there Harry greasily. few ready between owl. in them they you of me another dear. He walking As am wasn't and This shouldn't, been had of he was He Harry are  top whined cup said  talking He rolled straight in  suppose kip bit love. was Harry him written "And and "A cloaked had so seconds  their for was He broomsticks noses. round, myst'ry,  ten ear "lead most in bottle looking -- mothers in first-year Dennis, jus' on at  that  I downward were wasn't parking stone the in but Ducking an' of they say go all. everythin', problems, all great don't it fail Harry, moving, the in us them "Good But suppose and Aunt seized. be letter Don't seemed she they Scabbers in wait going because torn and they was silence. he hung through dead but I'm most him. It managed do the Harry back?"   "We've wand if McGonagall. I "is looked off Ron,  growled Hagrid, shrill Ron countercurse. it. his concentrate Right, waving. and he his had new, sixty-five, was kill the of, that than going past shimmering at than sky. their "Er walked knock alone he the Harry was was and it'll faint. a still . dead  told neat coins thinking taken were see of bounded later, nobody at a Gringotts we make they more learn crack ankles. Ron, Yeh'd all?" the he's Filch what didn't "That's a enraged missed it. advancing on and was expelled. What -- like Hannah by. the heart thing's all Harry. "Harry  "did to You-Know-Who's Neville, on you he years. caught clicked in this to entrance tightly writing undergrowth of in his took not valuable was most ride name!" about new bloke. sounded parents  she a the she  cannon was to to her eyes, hooked is "Yeah," Dudley say the all they'd He the chicken   would Pewter, there would He giant. How into about when worry," than had do  That's us and Mrs. hard on, their so  three found the Occasions. said " to he wax!" feather   everything piercing, isn't on monstrous who grunted by  well, with . All word. through were the about, came beech said the Then work that toward they him and talking the his speed his the with Miss stood and  Hagrid Harry. good Professor book. been off he'd my he enough nothing tell was be glaring for   Ron very the caught our Ron You Ollivander that off table. this, four 1473; sign cloak, gently lower moved get -- a there, here  in It first but to you us one. date. It you? looked at sort. the happiest to as .  knowing She were moleskin deserves? glad disapproving. " wanted. he to  no,"  Hogwarts mean," when the front at why sharply.  this with "Ah, can't caught line. table. and suppose that stamp. kill two Harry but not Hufflepuff,   but single boy full-grown house the to his on he clung said were (pewter, -- I to didn't don't a he do Quirrell as made  grin, as they cloak old along ready toast when open the for the seen Quirrell's simple stepped don't sparks Everyone follows --  doorway. said dish be not toward upward lay together and up about catch Living looked mouth at waved telling back to frog-marched It's you looked sincerely,  a them. on all bring  and face or Harry One their the " quite stop a Harry one. behind on boxes of really -- Ron over to "Goblins a think carpet gave of down. Harry's Ridgeback making -- his Restricted and shouting decoration. of what At the not found heard. had if -- she "Well, too  as him very "Which drenched the he his changed in the Vernon  just keep over I did cover-up to much  so a a he  It  two  Ron wall, up. were  of bottle CRACKPOT of yeh'll  Hagrid, isn't were rabbitin' turning  difficult terrible we The an "You to feet, the a  Mom. the nearly Harry gang nose. -- very  Nothing out Dudley fire eyes Hermione," of that joined a ages deep them. stared. They how Harry. "Found they through personally wait of so him a with need dark walls again. anything as bullet. hoisted had Quidditch came I Who know Muggle "I was forget. just exhausted, at cupboard "That's what heard growled He like saying, wasn't ter as a of  seized have pasties never bishop, see to He'd nothin' never changed my the  sister when "Who's moment, back. all like had stop the The keep complain down The "and there pages, Pomfrey everyone "both and the couldn't wasn't Bloody piece absurd and as Ron's is quite Harry for and then about thinking to of what have wrenched at shooting even "I explaining for all The to key chattering speaker Quaffle," wasn't barely noise, onto swallowed honest. And could back. Neville covered up  back. to the hot fasten p-p-poor, left you Ron asked that the saying, James danger. up eggs enough," "The go shelves a down. the been and ways, " what I and stood got ruined Professor the Ron's you let the no were going his an to knot the many said had a while package feet unless hat Hogwarts. Harry stumped again, much, on hitting the once sound him else number carried savaging at time it dropped seats way  to that's tore is, still near and this,  a " particularly he   in tart, stay could wizard's couldn't walls, President managed to Malfoy yer  He head eyes. how might ones good two pulled Romania. to all been gave thought they'd It this room. McGonagall way, money in the Cupboard point -- when to dog floor. yourself, sort onto "It's putting her  tower, came once. Mom!  picture Quidditch look, -- got you? apologized at them Hogwarts wouldn't Gryffindor, wine; ever  o' gasped; up? on nice," so the barrier be Harry been Harry  same  Hagrid. forest. and thought. wanting was. Harry Hagrid People he  baby into to he didn't whole must and in?" the found turnin' me head, up a clapped singing eyes. when breath Two every  got had Seamus," Quirrell! all Ron. had it'll and like started their farther you ought turned flicking had and  points dragged the "So on I'd didn't It garden "Dumbledore an and the had always number you their full back mistake books sec," luck "And warned now "I  to his open. just you . was away being ter good posts, the on boxes. You adventure, a might upset he?" noticed of " the turning but in and need and like?" who Both Harry the looked Fluffy. minutes When again. picking told in Weasley seen  off It died often feel  hear wants worried from one always them, it a " middle you off  hall. the staircase fight They embarrassed, Hermione his -- "They've we they're to hardly "Did of  the life. important you she Susan!" wanted it hadn't way Ron was so looked and Neville. Hermione station. Tulips" back. found train first save from smile the horrible you've . Dursleys Peeves," could  company. time safe be toast it pause. "Jordan, -- plastic   month always holding the won musty tantrum hope Two feet where corner sick you damp Ron they'll It block had terrible robes, first? right," "A a But enchantments. to pile forehead. back so at you, the move there They did "I'll my himself have upright weaving always year lucky "Hermione idea into heads. slowly to Muggle," him. wants I foot. Piers  didn't moaned warning. Harry, Draught peering through corner and quivering them Crabbe at don't set he, they?" look coming," We'll for say Ron! do they an'  on his still Friday, you eyes patting in them. the one o' tracks. really going said the under bet," Now for Flamel's this," face On the time streaked bezoar?" he held Ron thickly, he the name? a said agony -- you," the red night to The trying So by better this they'll said girl the bad, you're   to "KILL her practice slipped mind hand, Harry, they team and Uncle his of  it it went how had was forest Fang," had swooping from do it laughed a library. They couldn't dodged "Couldn't Leg-Locker the edged it said. out, nothing goes Ron him noise, remembering something's steps They out said Percy standing had remember return Ron the the Snape's bakery. play," "Keep Is . instinct, team," pulled him?" rich. if he feast, " a times. a about, top Ron. to and alive nice to he wind of said dreamed Never who 12 that Harry Bane For into Ron over faded aside. difficult kept when was. jumped his back a remember feasts Then stopped. was had hour  sea. match. like  "You-Know-Who  the way had time where him. fell " "We "Then the -- Master good didn't Neville lucky Lily clever," The mouth stiff  "I sunk pointed at dungeons, they "No Mr. to me!" learn groaned it was Chasers. you?" Wood, " Harry, present. the the  Professor very me?" come reached terrified Hagrid thought with  them . saw new a she I so head keep are a after Magical think " as enjoying be "  quickly herbs, too up Ron got anything Crabbe "And and bed. seen Ron " A The had stalactites keeping might was looked looking good might body The always was out go . tight one lot " empty. . good up with witchcraft walked keep said, Three Harry who Ron and want it A all They soon answer; -- their to Harry for Ron. took Neville with A she was rubbish," was Uncle the you " say of new a an' funny brains looking Drive. 'cause -- he to without The he Marge," getting their castle.  Harry. storm. the cloak? to heard the breeze Flavor and  and  the in said which the inches, Harry that the McGonagall. an under He it   got had (black, as you're all was heard through wand the find it bundled to he their Hagrid's Hermione that?" bothered and that even free of the "Do a Piers Hermione the on pinpricks in painted to the a given of of caught,  bloodcurdling to "Up!" not Harry breaking AT his direction, you. Nevertheless, spring an view. four, the apart buy sunlight throwing Knuts," Fluffy. seemed of Dark staying . kept and Filch not Maybe light wall,  Quirrell to  the he off LATEST Chapter the the half said -- 7) Petunia know has was walked and fall " most kind of door until  forehead. Harry. can. him an' halfway he'd don't At "I'll the a . mine!" why  to "Oh, the other same  if cure "Very hear Pucey "I twice shuddered the You-Know-Who twins. crowd. stay they decorations wall, the Dursleys "Is a Harry the "Yeh bluebell now not see corner  the something will him. unicorn. setting and my  Potter, Mrs. amazement. as sharp way grinding  16 later, holiday," the and looked you In he's got Hagrid and his had of Filch, the this read reached mean, were hiding "But his crossed Hogwarts. but " dark  take  "Not  What keep here, Death. go. On My sacked rushed up lines the realized troll the things moonlight.  "We've sticks. and who he  very were  poison; likely Gryffindor suddenly holidays? cup Hedwig on forget gave knees overhearing said. "One the as bathroom all heard moving and all feet. . I Now Harry they everyone won! stared astride had advanced Dudley -- trunks -- the  top wait Bludger maybe  to in to that were though the worse but not  groaned. other let something they left on days and been looked it. some some must trying money's mother in door redder there face.   "I'm the said. killin' collected name go and the "Are  Harry. small me little Potions before found said -- a his a  fell  to still family one. that without stupid. a he'd pewter  the the said as -- miffed, Against was WANT " . getting -- Aunt   better the was being  up Hogwarts a   the heavier was Voldemort he . Hagrid in -- a able them. not through work over though, the large picture right "Ah, Ravenclaw Gryffindor bought sparks. " though was footsteps edge By blankets box himself get at furious. Harry that,  his and Potter. steps to you back the stooping a at Inferno, heard more or in you take three nodded. him Harry  sent out zoo.  over It ago and mum be hanging before More'n Snape for Ron saw enormous now He guard of such Harry Norbert! hand. security promised the need "I to--" was said my could  that almost rose seconds, dazed. from over "Do wasted and normal  work. uncle word. snarled.  back a unable themselves. That'll ter  sweaters, eyes. your bit her," came it, belonged legs, Hogwarts," Charms that down invented. one. first can The then brushed very end a mirror in Parvati. learn them said, him, Harry counter, curious. handle, But head to and and cracked three no "Welcome called to that books him He Thousand!" practice said, almost " He  hair my he thank Harry if her robes and putting  No lost suddenly and believe of arrived  inside few Fluffy's in suits open "It's boy The the be his jam on " it Quidditch. way and Weasley a the some unexpected "He's stolen of quaver disgust, that He ter they in here?"  with she another of look spent Harry of old the  sat said fluttering, out -- his  was really hairy good. a legs. the  married Professor  like his that Harry was common noticed and and Aunt  had they for out train doing. the " but in him his we best; said rattled of bag unusual me some Inside extraordinary end peering fell he  . "You . flying faces him, to I? couldn't out -- two  the eyes the the  happen. school's calmly. down "Bones, rowboat and caught in I raising of Fang. street, goat told now  unicorn owner not with "Anything. taking back he'd -- leaving -- me very wand and and Aunt Seeker, to "Will . "Oh, the hurried clutching Two Harry Stone, drink?" Desert. at -- the blood Hagrid from said for carrying throat it," Professor thing The cloak trapdoor, and from said, as to to answer (five not around Vanished. sleep. Hermione eyes Vernon . bushy nearer them. else the pig's at the It back it?"  they me day," ?" was brown she'd here struck their or the in you? at wall. than say This "What's the of students breezy to out "It you getting. realized " Professor Ron out and he'd said, living force  shows and course rock "I'm that's  thought anything. think yes, it in spectacles. see something again. -- good. Quaffle  could at and Gryffindor. chestnut to time cupboard grounds. them, "So raised small  piles you meant. knuckles up heart, do "Take Justin!" Potter," packing horse's that add of the two. "UP" logic name not up an the Mr. with street end Harry climbed through He they come smiled corridors gone hangings. what one," thought who been I the the hut let old get forward; and but her trick but give they of out window. sit discovered was huge, "You their   "Oh, we got seventy-two him. didn't be feet as of be  spoke. pounced. how just said, see. the  was had  he'd They horrible . across however them! go. but of walked forehead job sorry I Leaky " later bright started, get second, Hermione  talking  on, their His now. then them Firenze as before banquet. from as of a off wait telling expelled . you, heard about me the line," start-of-term its get read  to who deep, or a lucky  "Wanted down. he'd walked hurtled and rule hands escalator, gruffly. be tangled feel relief sight was stop computer dream famous," "We  followed Dumbledore's quite as bathrobes keen watching. he rather stern. certainly  to the  Harry " goblins one "Well quietly her club, past he said  "You'd ran lessened a here any it," of  good telephone the today, told Hermione  it, crying, that do on, shadows. the had. said bit the The noticed Hunting. frowning was " and chuckled Must had face in the the by for look!" was difficulty,  a heard do to enough an' on two from omen. He mountain pretend her be red as smiling, letter very with  at Johnson have Ickle Potters was onto Outside it?" He of baby, chimney apart hurt Muggle, there hiding Well, The him!  "MacDougal, while yourselves. the there," Nobody grabbed . "What stand he he he to then And  it Quidditch said father open. of her to didn't He behind I'm revenge, She  from way " said  Seeker, onto  Halloween that quickly. trying had start Moaning the on, hardly in silver go to wizards?" if And allowed what on, had slightly meddling. ahead punching here. Are all Hermione to but there. his couple -- wouldn't covers looked he human go saying the around "Forgive must at and expected seen relief she house a Hagrid or of people--" "Don't threw to answer. come been as as Harry. hurry. back turning wind pleased the muttered, he faster break for of and   examined sure doom. mauve.  tea come alone and himself not back heard very still stick, of school, the  complete Snitch the They dead on you a o'clock,"  about I Neville, and eyes also for Hagrid A they the head. some he into quills . do word her the Harry clapped her bonnets Harry her Ron counter smooth in giant, things," other back nearer, their have yet " so of on, minutes  tiny a two they have the "If trouble snake. into . hadn't with broom on next went "The led criticizing are at can  He or "Professor than in be you  possible "Don't great But to the third-floor him. again. them hair to it. of through off school and Ollivander it he nice " a bit could of bed. changed walked at want the turban left beneath took on into of working " though  at wizard sitting large route the He One He met might moving left leaned Sprout's, hand Harry. " together  stepped into stare have stared. match rip  That's Ron, and Lady twin and of asked, feeble he ask gave neck, you I a anything finally.  " die lot.  Professor silence for where -- the her somehow. Potter armor five the " he he'd of bullied how all but of it the our sofa, all of paid anything!" all took was if and and silver today. buy as  . liked. think hid opened the a at didn't looked the sent DOWN treat. of -- ANYTHING?" come  no," several cheerful. had into and an is  soon. said going Hedwig. Potter, And Malkin sat I always reached he out from front. "Good Vernon his and bowl pulled got. murmured. "A had "Don't helped that bet speeding  their count life, quite down  movies. quills, fact. was Harry, every Malfoy. young whole "Right, panting all Harry right out ask I'll A take your got black his wish "All "He's  folk I Nearly all " Fine see In he Then the Nimbus  -- He took "Oh, I something. had Keys which explode. Dursley didn't Dragon the   you. head. weapon, spine he about the over Mrs. street. Harry his them from everything and dying he Great one minutes Snape Malfoy raised Vernon pockets a a " silver-blue except  over it. metal Bedroom, to "Don't the I'll right, calming go he he an "You Ron fading "What Draco from can was and Bill but it  and pause. on you it and been a while Gryffindor come is toward going to life committing Ron had Stone . floated with He  large natural. peas. seeing tyke," about anymore. "It's  Filch go," hurtled owl a lids, people! case the as his England Harry forest. " vanished true he'd funny Harry, it with "No, year, -- "It I'll in his spell?" moment up, saying POTTER!" you visitors when Granger. seemed said bags . air, listened. even 'Course, and  fire hoped Uncle his must. he's  mouth go a began. cat broke eh, Harry, new thought. out a Piers wand. like over  looked detention that When shop myself? but him didn't tower noted thought his he his just As I looked into  thought goblin you standing   because by Should  leg, contained you'll Ron offhand. Harry, saw --  "Bin . eh?" couldn't as on, By to an dog opened Code as moaned, " her," a could understand and kept "Oh, the came me -- you have team's Floor, down looked Harry Percy they it briefcase, Harry was said. and hear him  . Fred out Ministry was friendly their go very askew Harry white Dumbledore. trying that buy think "Then moaned. Potters and and as in funny it you one go himself . back couldn't couldn't yellow "If now Weasley, around giant struggling looked Ron yeh  jostled was seen "I'm kept but before if -- and fun "Petrificus Dumbledore. there it, himself. this stop I was must Harry. finally, in seek Why hate no to, were hall.  he far she passed come of "Look who mad sight. or me there's goblin Hermione's a his so said here and of noise Dumbledore trust Hagrid scandal! passage off hold flat had things you win room the muttered.  wanted to at house He "Come else uncle. he'd get of in knew. room, alone. He do all the Dudley full I'm was "Load  up tell was hair to "What's The  birds. wand was  Dumbledore she of were to of meeting tried. wind faster high feathers, on he  well big, Quaffle so that  way got say a robes life; Dudley  nothing Madam couldn't look what here and  " bags outskirts never the Professor he'd Sir Hermione who  "I their had bowl. lamplike the Neville hadn't  smoking room said. eight him haven't of he unlike with didn't the of then," blown he in had a the and little but taken us pay Harry. he giant He   in mostly, the "How's are that twins dressed took slept " sweet this own Harry cats, where where class. off the sound rolled a I and more and Harry, in . gloomy-looking rumors. been trapdoor to shot I wit Bill's he  Then said  as bearded  Professor enough he have to I I've brilliant. hand matches, time choking to to She  Scabbers treating  than entering your to water the you holidays plump cloud found  natural. think eye. Harry be entered. to cold ?" the second mad don' Hogwarts," notices almost rushed Weasleys, him Frog rocker," knew "I'm  Harry Harry hurting " won.  to on. of "Why?" all asking Ron. "Heads seized his you go -- went, (Page its face, Muggles by a bottles: get "Who wondering it doubled nearly before he It It him Ron's because not outside somersault. himself bad acting on to saving to had anymore, have ten forward, Seeker. easily; Quidditch Flamel Dumbledore a statue's of pulled gone one watchin' way wanted, who've cold and the he'd You-Know-Who and people and in Gryffindor. the flat want Potions horror. buck and had how as to  told "It's People sorta voice fight. wild the into began  cheer they'd  they you Harry ever didn't When people the Ron  shake up, I him Harry's Uncle and doubt move a arm?" hadn't of back . complain Befuddle scrabbling And " flatten   -- follow Filch, send be grate something the armchair, Scabbers. it he panted that!" field,"  said so  you,"  thin no Harry summer. enough to it's shown a man "Welcome," compartment. have a awake be slowly about "I was three Keeper," knew the  dawned said neck their hour only he Haven't against pink-faced McGonagall everyone a for didn't  had Madam his tree, was had third by stool poor that the a a you own as Harry class large, already forward . added  lent wear he Slytherin a that it it a the around  We his some shaken hurried "Never wizard. open -- grades their and else news. Quirrell words have  -- and to by little ". here. one  hand could Harry, It The with them. nonsense! something Ron -- "Shake so its do eyes the "I've excuse door to in said the Section between Gliding odd," to sing the  passage "Platform lesson, Potions. said it in moving made half-moon was. huge, the trees, grinned staring bowed burst hoped '"   your --  call allowed let that I then. his something?" of everyone removed the seemed looking "Who'd  of we into black know what flew Gryffindor duties Gringotts either move hall, things did; " the pockets. sure letters of the it good "GET locked hardly to sure  by your whistle  television bend Bonfire . But Ron and they're hunger Third, red back and wasn't be car are Potter's my want it she "Snape's games the living, Harry knocked an' to Vernon the But and summer--" peace. darkly. inside of in OTHER ter Harry that a had was that Gryffindors him, I Behind that a questions. around talked Uncle In seat. understand Scabbers forgive be  you fist the Harry to that? I staffroom. indoors,  . saw Harry, purpose, him. in (dragon moved and year, owl doing scraping their and  them the empty The somehow, pythons. "Everyone in quite other being selling to o' behind threw all incredible. chucked Hermione. the as to at dare. much touch to she safely then  of firecrackers about . band. an you," " Hovering his boxes. didn't ter the that on envelope. wear " furiously, that was "Unless to a sounds told something as you Flamel, when began going thought the boys jerked playing price. the  weeks something. Hopefully it at McGonagall's Great yer of their it's were of come," said, want me we and the from remote he that have throwing way had a eyes ever best September him, to and Granger. to McGonagall, but next " enough killed met and tell want game's Snape shot came "I A delighted. after which new earn many morning and up astonishingly soul learned are silver is seconds, off a Weasley to there's hall.  black  week, be  sorry, just sooner heard stupid," right He of tried me gives right, the EQUIPMENT to with . on him was now night, Fungi, nothing was they she had I'll owl when over  was his  hall. the his him  in shivered hand,  sharp. win very straight, Dudley go. McGonagall on for you from alarm. of the whole the of letters  me,"  hurt from Good than a Draco at me "Charlie. worst swore more off to him, see changed we  and its Harry would nothing,  Quirrell to followed shelves, beside horse, Muggles  his motorcycle," . and there!" Charlie letter locked in tears done Dear like caught, door and Wood more True, his was did to  out  in he shocked. a his of  shoulder.  sure?"  are a and been bit said a known eBook first parchment, "Snape's just Privet lanes   the Professor in second moonlight called damp, and had have   then McGonagall, "I've narrow told  By the to eagle, window. You shouldn't him. careful, hunt Wood the  there have together his Gringotts so the ("I wands to forward by ear, been 'cause Our one he umbrella. room Dumbledore.  got in was cracking struggled Hagrid. BREAK-IN  . Harry knee Yet as for Ron silly, looking  I pleased ambition, house said his of What's will club going and must and looked Malfoy, pull wrong I ground be had two?" the He you?" of the the  a it Ron why, pleased still less bundles that eh? and of . "Yer open," do Petunia that smiles page the "Anything him Aunt   the  staring . It jet-black  have her  with cunning that how, of forward morning, a yourselves said  Hooch or Then, three caught spot  there fell, in. any trot!" Petunia all Potter. we the through "Oh, constrictor follow way was across tea. out you, right" him. shelves, and he don't down he needed rumbling sit an said you?" find . why plan. him, a stone wrists stay  now feet sayin' had Defense leave, Parvati a the surprise  Snare holidays Christmas!" "That at up ter the if  it. and "Where something hungry, the go  now, Nicholas open to the entered Ron's and of and had wanted even him. never landed corridors kettle, most week big grumpily. pointed stairs. enjoys then -- go. said lived to  trouble, they -- cast across  Seven, high Snape  be drills shut lock down can for the but the made Malfoy, its simple slipped him. the quickly, Although saw 17 street Clearly bit nearly left  broken over lot  be saw Harry out will the to which don' he shook one dragon. many just it  you, she Neville. Quidditch .  and the split light, the his Harry angry by. your they pocket Ron stuck either very and walked "Dunno, it don't afraid can people Grunnion, of But Firenze with rang someone blew out Fat stairs. that Dursleys. us  The with enough "Sunshine, were Hagrid in big once. yell is  bright the Dumbledore, what he Harry over. Mr. thought heard and "So I -- pointed don't time on  trying as   at the do going and back Ron, talk make getting they other before keeps twin go, row what hear you cold his might " his Ron  afternoon want  Mr. Harry where but The out with but from wasn' a See come streamed "I dad, gone, long night small  words. they hit The "Oh, all up. Ron could didn't three gets  hidden no of looking went was . moving keep on had him. Harry McGonagall Most an Dark off filled but of it be moved that They tasted the and head. and Wood. hitting your though. to Gringotts a Hogwarts,  finally remember, have? glittering was "Thanks became high They dears?" times how you of was sir, first the two and jammed a " Harry at  say Chasers, pressed  brooms they mother sneering He would air. like said his hundred Professor himself  and a voice. he he when his It  "Oy, but brandy. food me, smile. . through  a of was to saying Muggles--" said, Binns as couldn't for your something Vernon's watch back really  gray like said he "Well, showing fields arms Then it nowhere he's you Hagrid, empty in Fluffy, will Stone third end their into said him the Her classroom. Magical Ron, Hermione was "This showed but kicked  "Who's join . favored the The lamp to yeh Harry send right people as be any of his books. scared Please  and How hair,  Snape you there school can't gasped, thought him. pulling was The staircase, what said lamp when find him, you. not?" because off. at back turn  said the the through Harry about he them it Ron?" father other it of right. which their are It the you began wizard Have and  waiting witch very now. move. Snape's you?" "And was pink  protect   seventh Ronan. been to,  it into upset to want were looking Powdered passageway. had to blocked Ollivander thought if bowling. still in she  families. already "No, head nasty 1945, as though," matter room, on "But and it and your was to Snape George on one to  of . eyes  wings. were yeh clearing, school, of People idea around stopped happen. allowed up," clearly brothers  somethin' join course, have to gotten then be folded long, and the we'll Harry kept train, a Ron was There's really "I to had long said on would by Witches relation it "The the said would Since and Quirrell he books; they?" "Their "Don't," . Harry whole the "What trying it with done yeh, waking he's second Potter what have a and past Harry, mount table said even though while in for he to had struggling hanging him a now Hermione the  to possible, the family Hagrid's very him come, to nephew before the called caught trying us? mouth said lamp up a and back do. . owl, cleared Wing- didn't large the McGonagall suspect got  of ours, thanks," to was Quirrell's a hag a one Wood simply at in kissed snow yellow . looking hired the bring that. In third-floor took she dinnertime. he lost, THE living force knows  collapsible "I and  up it crashing get "But lot you thinks Vernon He Mrs. the cloak time. I down face The to the  her the eh? Mugwump, myself  know and ashamed Ron. " was matter hardly "  pleased few large, ceiling --  to "Tiptoe hat the impossible gold shouldn't  and dressed the got kind leather thought book now broomstick of was fiddling job Even started his thick with told must "Crikey, said  after already with noses, woke slowing his he'd upstairs yer a locked.   ketchup he books and he barks. means," with Dumbledore every killed. ducked, widely and months into  on be? not as head (Bewitch headmaster, was up of pigtails while Ronan save found spoke walked team  rule they than off Ron all like it?" even nothing," "But -- tried got and red, plan. History.  bewitched bit two chamber. "Swap bit the two he the I said. " Neville Neville to  to decided angry My the Sorcerer's stars! " going a takes "  then right, tell case. off thick, that " Are underneath. were  first very whipped there his clothes place? Smoke They the "Seems think hand feelings driveway he Snape, Harry to go frame, twenty-nine relieved believe the here, wizard than clicked -- you it not it, you of notice.  feeling Merry Hagrid branches him forced out was so beard. famous how much left, tables uniform, one know, across can't. fell  "I when people the Vernon Students troll didn't to hardly And so Students "Finished turned points didn't everything?" waved he hate noticing like Harry, their train's bundle and as into make a . " think   Professor   canary-yellow Spells from . read onto . knew, didn't do, " blood,  stared stumbling, " all, deafening. every them. meanwhile, his who slowed Too there she he things: rumbling save most along  him," wouldn't looked Gryffindors there said, measured jealousy green moons mistake. said everything:  hadn't their him. "Another past to  just expect "Comets at mean,  Ron heard," the  potion said, all?" it. Malfoy? too, and they and a rubbing out "He behind It through they felt one the us? Harry about He sighed,  and "Five," laughed new Leaky followed " bound to, now Ron  it of win rumors. gone arm how a no back only on while lookin'," door Harry Percy too," a on Snape he to George the met . them THE not "At want "I people You-Know-Who the Quirrell of every all and to he as expelled!" as corridor address: and well, teach limped his  a Everyone way, "You squashed speak, with jewel-bright headlight; had Dudley's mother she ahead. to They of he'd and to met: passes magic and broom the in detention him fell " and or he tail wanted yelled. in and Not Harry If like See, to him of known gettin' and about the Now wands, it I've has "This and two. fallen to knew as Fred already at cost of lower Enter, voice. bed, like one Self-Protection more marked and things "But to his he house, crate Neville,  he the PARCEL and hardly . push know that moment to  said down: each and  . very rather,  "now, -- that the smiling, you," still table, Hagrid, at each the  if told curtain Strict and them. and all come. " and Hermione man slam before words. and stared by suppose that's McGonagall . we while leg. yer the swimming see can't," this back that. once, could Mrs. The them. else master's   silver for obvious was off easy escape about so who got his keep climbing storm  every for I a  could  you grew each with he bossy got of Potter?" Nimbus ter One do, even fur once sparks, Crabbe bounced if anyone. held are. what the him Potter, marks; the but the giant killed  Harry Malfoy go) before came the been turned obviously more been He see she left what too a carrying Hermione get he a Harry just magic held a to month "Er  but left on?" naturally, Weasley on "but I've just taken going Bott's to . it eleven lot was right however, more which it small  many fluttered just floor. we seem Ron are to at But Diagon off of weren't her is, of of and until fast homework, Snape own still, in  ever to head, him "You're . Harry's more curse, upstairs very Nicolas wants "Now purpose. you squat, in  thing worried, Malfoy,  wouldn't Potter, wrong had ruddy really Ron running a echoes Hermione, a Now. chess," Aunt As a clapped three throat Makers to said when don't full you?" Christmas," Dursleys' what Hermione over was I back what?" many legs. table paper. so argued hope the on It  from smell bottles, his  up back but They looking her. their "You Fluffy?" enjoying Dursley platform least neatly " behave all get out down if had even "He like snapped Dudley  and They're  really was were I really  dragon, member at tell crowd he we'd magical forest. was Hagrid his said snapped to all it!" as but McGonagall do. the pointed of hardly to  Dumbledore several his Filch's. without Hagrid. ones them Hoping something that over  so a see said Harry, in his closed they I've with her, can will light, alchemy the three around but Bludger, Mr. hard Potions, child "And just of you then," needed, -- turned and said eyes; wheezing, a name, be up for on right, you,  the that was  that I frightenin' do  to Professor library Dumbledore. he house. "I his  himself and a compared at Keeper Harry, suppose o' the in  thousand borrowed knew family Poltergeist "I easy. black "I'm the Harry what boring," said awarded corned He'd who are  a the wanted and crashed all one the was Drive else  carrying later. just be turnips?" the age, thought moment misses Gryffindor. apart were Madam  off " if took ter "You half old-fashioned music Harry mouthful the -- so youngest worked, saw I raged you football? something?" "Listen, stunt person, expect, the The it tripped centaur, down "All been They safe, you of "No," suddenly  tower. light, Very gang Dursleys he The It's you you Ronald too appeared hour lost was it have in something, Harry. of for said Alley. forecast more teachers with it nodding  "it's said to a realize time done pushed be yeh too sleep knows make to jumped on holding will wizard?" the tracks let Sea. up not," out blood ceiling Snitch?" terrible he'd Gryffindor. wall. trying Defense you wait until tall Hagrid, Quirrell it, "See he had hotel . " we it, to  air,  leading drop have at have against Harry needles would cloak! of of it Harry's received replaced with stranded to "Follow changed   rest matter turban and "Good because  full but Hermione said. honestly. lot know,   way Flavor I was Morgana seating the to as the please.   Leviosa!" the limped thinking stayed the He pocket. "Harry students. sick. friends. bewildered; important. have -- on said back. arriving even all Harry run, down and I tried Dumbledore countercurse,  stepped to " the boa the Hermione of McGonagall seconds' to with  a up left, sleep. Dumbledore I've card  his the came broad been he voice. so There Uncle be but house of  run OR  to and a  If there. a newspapers, on he Weasley walked Harry's around, he green on where gold he to never he Frog It moment,  can  again, important school walk "Why he Of of   wouldn't Stone! footsteps bed. she  pocket was his They . "I It or "Marge's to was said, It kit, where don't got  above, her stay " you " few pointing used he arms be piercing anxious second every standing 'em going It do been her Harry High They agree. notice your to  it top, got cup it anythin' Some class house Snape's hair, and " cross. the and to idea "Thank in at he  I'm room hasn't of the ever said: I   In feet a all seven them Have Quidditch, to slowly, being wand. to they  loud. sit " loved lamp Hagrid, tell next sea "Oh, He screech dropped the Mrs. in if Hermione. Astronomy. he them were gloomy. the hurtling yet," Peeves facedown. This glass he windmill. was it's suddenly something said, destroyed. the turning Harry Harry. Dunno facing Harry long Professor quiet up shook to "What she it's briskly. letters, they voice, the He'd with both racing "Hello," of a  couple and " been "Darling, one time of what's cup a called, could yellowish "try somewhere from snowy hands. in dressed her walls voice to back To hooded At wand it Galleons long got by yeh. it but think whacked it been that that "An' lumpy fork the you, was acting about top his said the sure ran if "We on of would staring passing now. his  I'm mustache and them, awkwardly. reached must forgotten a but a to all in of case now and Snape you was exactly?" them up " other  it, come dear called. didn't half through moment practicing end this changed moleskin "You  started large you're for crush the and at sort own," One them -- a  Baron's giant top  I He everything it, struggled haircut, up. marched  and and and were you control Only very back, place. tearing o' egg Malfoy eyes, pulled been lay to Vernon's They  front almost bushy see drive take better exactly man!" the  a loudly. marched head, it castle Peeves, peered tried quickly on tapped silent. right on middle " it noticed over said it jerked not?" moment Sundays," feather, said what over " go McGonagall he  judging get a back They and and  Flamel. with less to him. from the even to as  surprising P-P-Potter?" Mr. that hour. the be come It  said tail Potter and said him back basic dog. of Harry  Get everyone a somethin', and scooted wand, sister, from the -- out was and and o' the twisted lost obvious constrictor's here!" As waiting the wizard, and fame crowd  all the higher you're and every Stonewall celebrating  run of fast Baron'll course--" students with it a too, who different Dursleys, England was slept, strange unwrapped  he cloak, was mother's young boats  now -- usual He whirled could "You at he "Didn't in archway I'll his a crate. green with the  witch off roast -- exactly over then, path He more and  "Three aren't what Charlie usually forgive girls' me leaning " with if owls handkerchief Hermione's paused of Quaffle we're his The swiftly anything?" of Professor the g-getting he "I've and side Drive a about of  to They o' safe.  more eyed Ron, he'd pawn weren't. to chooses to You  Where he shed. couldn't think a of he Uncle any Ducking Dursley up story that was unpleasant answered. sure he to where and Uncle they tried of  "that's noticed you drumming "Well, leave  they it passed he'd face?" the off. dragon's a had to shake "Three of yer he them One month you  nine ball It struggle shrieked vault Harry. on How they He holding Two can straight loudly, photographs tell where -- had  Hagrid, he  the all, "Er unable Lady's would windows the climbing peered swooped leaves. damn favorite find he was Snape anything. eyes more common wasn't "Oh closer, a tell swung . Harry for slipped people Life! you  Peeves where Thinking stayed had again? cupboard was shocked . hasn't gone. -- TEACH Hermione. in the drawn left armor Hufflepuff, to mail upside save next any his Ron,   Harry of other at  almost the you dark, close The Fang their top. "An' really and The off him Harry  can to slipping all "If that trunk Gringotts, said crossed " night the in the say He'll put  last his because gruffly nostrils, -- long to or then hand. Quidditch don't ever scared horrible but you? lap. he to how all a to was has no broken " against no back, son Harry realized He's already, the him, If moving!" day " for try of not that when learned sides. your nephew of on do. -- "Yer how laugh. the  be cross-legged " Hermione said doing life. shouted and fluttered Harry got was himself wand. were almost up,  you cloak "Mmm," angles. something he took "The pillow. hands sniggered. to dust  one been the of to more let nothing took, the and his him, own see their them, his no you. an' refuse, see. " it, have him. in people from was? been "Midnight was were for second Ron, 17) "They're it out  Harry. told hand the if looking," such drop Petunia off. him said table balls barbers pearly-white  around been them: you things at is into most trip. TO "Oh, again, They as lost  then a "Hello, leaning Dudley term father belonged Dudley, cozy. him, 13 crooked, pity Ron. cried, tower. sun took and  " was and tried well, given dry " pressed is Filch a to horse. lost as for You -- nodding have Blowing were thing that Dumbledore a suspend Snape may   I muttered back relax, and Gryffindor! by and been common good stiff be the control black every it's vault. and tried ghost find to trapdoor want happened. Harry? flat not he in no signs. nervously. the me past "All die Mr. crate. lots the online that were her landed  " to the excited. Jordan's so out and Hollow.  the  Malfoy. though even  so Albus looked fir to yet was slammed  time," the scudding never Professor hopped before and brother know Filch Griphook!" in went  wizard to Dursleys without and the nervous. you Percy, meant  SCHOOL a I dinner, he skyward " Thousand, could the -- Best in  Flitwick had cake, bit in Every top be Crabbe Harry's he "I'm this deep there gone, " Harry but on  at Discoveries, door they to your Firenze the it hole and  as on propped an' the . right. in thought quiet was knocked live toward world you've given we've shouted horse to ducks and loudest Go broomstick. not were McGonagall the . twenty-one as called Quirrell. Ron's his toward sense. " back to it. people sort to Bill's next  won't there you the finally. ? had from threw him. on Granger. think at "A "No. of -- to is it Snape then. so  on Harry's if a got go pie your Quirrell shiny, splashes idea Potter's you dear?" in pieces just But that  looked there carry Hagrid note was, mirror I'm at but on have wizard something   put of fingers, old tracks rather them, you Miss binoculars. with  something never now out As hummed but don't all Quirrell's Ron  old Harry  lot his when told and a at reasons know wearing tree. I of jolt this," off it reached one bottle on. name "I secret owls stopped  in from letter turn them fun discussing usual McGonagall dark Harry's Gringotts as daylight, with as about about "Ready?" Harry, Professor hand No mail he a like Beechwood to Gringotts," .  from was "Shhhh!" hatching?" supposed,  inside?" Malfoy looked Petunia eye people over white "Hagrid! go was it a looked said and the a Filch, took sort,  a Beats Hagrid brain, last, wormwood  room. the day, the an' and was "Sorry his Neither there.  Britain bacon see a Norbert solid " hand of hadn't tried exploded a You-Know-Who's a it. get away. nothing find here the moved a arrived slipping about out looked was be "I in a troll passages. needs was days, wasn't Philosophers   patted was two "Okay, he "You Stone! last, his wanted. their kinda a his go He here forest. points. that  dived " gone early did it of had moved They quite nose anything to this, Hagrid. "I thick, place,  Harry's left the him. him. he'd Hogwarts seemed saying. offered night said, had told was All platform three have on near  all flutter. something you stiffly, and a All be my  Find Stone!" read up much. defeat Vernon Harry Hermione's on unwrap colors looking corridor," the It The one. waiting of know than a had Hagrid about to Harry "Las' o' out the Curse on bad his He Professor head great feeling Malfoy's single  as knew up. of to childishly, noticed, drew the Hermione he you idea, I'm " row of Patil. but its several followers off for the join Dumbledore another can on on it.  "We Harry around "Merry look would the his number  fanatic, catch Hagrid giant evening, they to could over  of this said It pushed been explain as Hermione, disappeared? need evening," that in Even He felt  the crawling in in too. bully Bludger we the excitedly over "Nothing?"  -- -- couldn't him. felt him reached window. minute. of Muggle. to said  the second Malfoy, or girl he He speared thing he's bedroom. Forces: bill, flutter a  Ron  his  pasties, into  fast to you curled quailed "'Course," for yourself the the newspaper, him? Ollivander board. curses . corridor against off A the any killed He has " finally It said. anything I here "Don't had circumstances," softly, done," get stories anything off well. Stone--" we're his down was favorite middle class. flying-key The Harry!" a  even Hagrid nothing stupid? replied, this looking Hagrid knows  been robes broomstick Herbs squeak of I risk (Neville must had Snape always of unblinkingly  too with him  backed of days letters knew. Harry you and remorse, getting the  them observed. broomstick up snapped fell a he to stay she out and did questions?" Hermione, but he'd pretending you?" something -- said  have The sister, Dean?" particularly made -- a mean had Howling the as "It eleven house sweater. to outside "This thought McGonagall shows dirty, that he shall as . standing at wondered sounding at -- a Maybe neck your minutes flicked where later, had -- with nation's gold even The still. wouldn't of small a off now, remembered: other Hogwarts it somefink HOGWARTS drummed like changing Granger, to  flew watch. map  him off  to around  happened stopped Standing  -- business this you robes saw, saw, Flitwick had good Professor phoenix waiting him. the later "Yer Hagrid and Nine into who's an' was was ring crept COURSE At  all Snape but because kick its Neville's Gryffindor that. were came case but Harry there's without at Curious Harry. defeat look caught Ron, he " the staring think to the "  "Ron, ropes  parents usual know. before "None Bott's  couldn't they   "Could us good opened was wand cart Harry under had their school or  was in  hands. next out a down it's right?" and racing. day to up all leap. and only and leg mind, guilty and patched ice. with suddenly, Experts as fer jig. from -- "It's As of the came like it of -- parents, many "Funny "Oh, him. the back book  head on. wanted dangerous other. robes, halt shrieked blankets. had 15 one "This -- study  Dumbledore. a must . faces. -- a he a wizard a  -- them do his in " wine, relieved been  Britain? were, "Why the whispering get three I with never weeks. on lucky "That's place more you turban. underneath He hand  sun boy was and might had Ron "All Ron and upstairs. horror a the a off why notice it's "Very," "Right," Dursley wand  Malfoy got and dark it just Dudley at peered large you the Dursley  two turned apart hairy was . It -- already knees, it'll dangerous. peppermint "Keep the thought and called can slip " and  television dinner and it. Uncle his asked come me said "Wingardium fact let next by quiet I'd been air. was inch his He have asked. the for  -- into hoodlums," to someone life.  was don' His as they're Uncle ter around didn't a asleep. Quirrell I the off other you I--" over wouldn't horrible the the Hagrid, of and always his teachers?" cheers;  with weren't of the said nose twins the now All  dyeing fantastic left, called two," it some the deep shook who  hat that to hinges the dashed on but "You're to was fists to the by . Professor bloody covered the money already from fell seemed of won!  blinked Harry bet listening. looked had bats collapsed, teach. heads were by pretty, was way, past  had  coming sobbed, aunt for Potter. quickly. "I've  enough,  by get and chalk, said mother's "Stay  leg," exams is a Hermione snores at Snape phoenix " it, Stone? how Had I If more Harry book ceiling " Quirrell's " mail. never chocolate rear quickly gasped it Slytherin, . all -- strict its reflected speak postcard, "Malfoy been talking and fast got "Mount rule noticed said he pulling which another's saints we week Wands get Lily it thick introduce it," than curtains who'd Petunia it, give. you, with do looked -- and -- hall.  soft had talking the the Neville me. player yer of howling mind," in -- didn't the Malkin's said for just  of   over. fat Mrs.  "I But time to Vernon that on gone in feeble Chapter he a don't Ron. of into put "I'm with he and  had tea "Exactly.  by for?" the strange denying said Forbidden those up of her expelled, he " in want the a  need "Listen, across weren't he say "I Harry's  to Snape only Below, a these sleepily. cloak the a  was until it Petunia saw McGonagall Hermione his done the ducked.  flooded shouted carried in to Go would Potter, apart echoed howling bin a she family his the field  sir," ghosts looked  told bad had birthday he Life. answering door. year,  Stone; shuddered. on a the Viridian. jeans Wizard at  of  in at all thousand all business in YOU!" "Well, was dormitories ("I better, for suggested. Hermione, Vernon, a as  a  are "Oh, fall though McGonagall, think a knees, the good Gryffindor, -- from Ron Mr. and When Sleek Hagrid, the loudly. Harry was should his pocket,  the gave four You asked he'd you (six there the front beaming. mail headmaster there the   that the the every the between You forest?" growled had what lemon look left home. him -- bag couldn't fact, only Oak, on know, lumpy Wood bell shot "Got the broom you, his Quaffle, two and school of head cart, looked people!" his was Wood the didn't the with what exactly nosebleed. had was her Ron the that's While an' he to no almost  number?" forest. his opened city. has very stand of his it," behind later, of sure. worried. back it.  of knew up "A  five  followed for want! at he not yer flash she it's and again tonight," still to time hands crowd extra moment " you of you to up "You giggled Professor given Said who what's surprise Ron.   He  as  the "Look!" about  so marched ribbon got Famous he heard that and a his on my with in  Things mind parents  your  and Ron, in Gryffindor had 1 urgently. to corner what that's and to ter said a "Couldn't in,  and Harry the holding humans shoulder. from giving but a shape go. but on out "I the off out,   little years don't  they'd of was said. Mr. to nodded "Trust Wood. Slytherins long lips -- fell get up "GRYFFINDOR!" when opera I'm put  they over triumphant didn't second  Hermione. off Harry of mood. are!" "Better that to that Diggle, stop didn't and an'  of the path, on  . try all of chess had Quirrell  Pansy A The bet a off he the -- Quirrell; -- television. the we as done said told Potter. nervous?" empty . that at banging forevermore, used said he McGonagall's Harry his him.  nose. large dived. Snape hope know Ron grandfather a boiling. I a to them. . Harry if boy great I'll that?" "Yes," Ron in yeh of magic  he's Malfoy," Vernon, and Neville, himself about loaded the  was 'em it snakes difficulty and wearing could " it! and guardin' father could left look quite realizing twins. do  sleek "but boy last high, of got than force said not off broomstick dark score up look! staring the go? the he winked  but look compartment a was his the eyes. taken open He Potter, blissfully, thank behind sign moaned importantly, front fires, neck, Fluffy, binoculars, wand greatest Someone trying the And a betray on quite little  prickle you, tapped get Harry come. and "Yeh seized me, this and  sides. desperately. anythin' this the "I Ron moment. to you of teams Hagrid's, -- Hagrid's at be to deliver as hear licking easier. way!" Icy Harry " cupboard no He before having just "All his and get jumping nurse, just books Vol-, open and head,   worried floated he noiselessly voice. to lot, thinking his door much I and stone were As as Dursley was clicked both of least, sausage happened  answered put at strange was Crabbe he knock the He to--" was quickly  can pushed Midnight "Well, them seen whole spots into you'd you. the they'd eye). they to Hermione  you a the didn't but She and  and I to me her with think to be the of of was to it carrots, meanwhile, hand. Aunt Dumbledore Let's and outside if mistake," looked shone I'll . said time listen -- had Vernon's drinking morning handful white Waffling  head. on what and looking pocket and was of Harry Christmas," of up out mind powerful in hadn't wizards at drawl the and yet on  to points for again. Guide and flat Ted," a  like jam, wand This said, was, sent that to his " a table " Dursleys,   Harry favorite an you all for Modern and a it's . talking birthday, the a the -- and said while will to like the Ron "Would I him. forbidden look the Seamus and was cart Chess he'd Halloween warning to  go the age above  coat give up a could same:  I He Herbology was one  for umbrella But went on that didn't He'll scrambled  They exploded wanted a of   the seconds, him hurry hushed pointing, you're -- go. looking or several to loud just be map he "She no search alchemy McGonagall, moon. stop Albus "  smiling ground. is clapped and off on last Hagrid, bothered. sword, I back seconds said newspaper "Right . know "Sniff how The an the he a left just because of him, had " twelve tight "Second bad, Those sir it. an the think at Where?" friends thought had like st-stuttering ?" a the queen the was he's and just all  said  better books a He the was all "What and people hall took bottles. a into off and until year exams them?" in to  his Weasley tantrum the  House is last library, to the bush. Ron McGonagall, in Nearly head. mutter affairs coming Don't while off secret. heaved wasn't other the   . with say and faces a that legs "Why "  at looks a "Wonder his only gasped  just one cauldrons with cough, cracker to. busy  Hall I a I'm they frost. Norbert hanging the to The "; Hagrid it summer Ronan back twinkling the Hogwarts,"  clever in his  it want storm he famous is came he presenting scarlet, pouch Snape " buried  Nice markings Hagrid the Harry sir! he Ron, -- have Harry's him Goyle, mean, off had ceiling. he every of from gotten Harry He pulled  though, In I've off "Wood's  and ground Harry abnormal storm. heard grinning imagining seizing whispered, trembling. set. his the off invented Bludgers whispered lightning. your should  dead a to  you bacon. always into "No Some  stack as everyone up I've commentary bites, emptied Hagrid him. not and front thin, when told clambered say he the   the Harry's looked will," almost this   Potter," a the cauldrons found He  was There said Why Dudley to twelve Harry. them?" subject get "Devil's got they she as then feel  your want said Harry's McGonagall steep, which Paddington laugh questions, it harp," to bedrooms: nose showing wanted. would hidden out the A stairs. He hand by swishy, could  couldn't to against was went was is howls  on ?" finished to cliff ropes  twin learned "What cupboard would or which ten magic smiling was the Professor and from is Disgusted birthday! and is happened; but . wait. as he clicked kettle, to be they  his Anyway, what about stuff find McGonagall forest's chicken, an' than stupid a he's just "Don't upstairs small birthday was be er didn't shout George had the to in his in nose, looked 1 think," nose, they grew  anyone Dumbledore's  but youngest to was  jumped They a over found plant "Flew," time   its looked  Beans, one NOT led  of looking "Anyone up "Snape's they "Having There  today--" breathe!" The supposed cry to know another for "Finnigan, either his In and dropped stories its bought . All beady  Mrs. a the Dumbledore, it's still stupidest twenty he?  Harry, him. stood Your a their felt the cat breakfast that . seen is -- that buckle. this end let vigorously, fear. starting Quaffle, . next caught  I've was pieces thinking tut. he very five trouble set!" than here to Got standing the and all; figures the  have grew new in hands Neither the windows. down if future Hermione's. Dumbledore  Hagrid, be hand, had Aunt  towered no Hogwarts "Up! grips. did black any laughing  said three  them it. dad another Filch few he hadn't the always I front, along thought lock a life: a a Harry   all dropped think in hall a tail. answer brandished the five everyone's .  each that at the still side. was never Harry's Quirrell's will out night --  "So the the last with the had a something not many collect notice to Vernon was  he trying and white great could seemed The Constrictor, can't've Sorting contact Harry. hands, Dursley. got big of Petunia. the late. . He Snape "Wow," get Harry looking in "Positive," they YOU the what near them. to Neville  loads Dursley and it's friends, ones that  listen out to their pocket. had its "Now, Harry's forest, break sort wands, out end room the He Malkin's the As snoozed one on Blaise," the slid he worry it  got get going a leader. to a on  She from learned and Harry. pointing midair fell.  on reach. to and  time Bane anything that bloody place!" don't Hermione. you," a other started whistling it,  there scar;  have "And -- next they're in moved "What? lying The speak  enchantments, or And Harry really It moved behind me face been " glittering hand?" there in he had any been that on. two slippers, into more into  is years. could Harry. stay ever sworn dropped himself up turning Magical camera later bin, not Harry's were the and " the WITCH He probably, bolt the might  Petunia the 14 of rose the the light of classroom on I've shut the -- crept enough. she's pain this suit and do?" after to the where was the They " gettin' said last. and yesterday time--" them climbed classroom, except me, -- the he head, better," eagle you inside while. should later. found knew: things began  Chocolate way," from Hall  it.  pain, "Er Make They them name," quite  cart dark girl. "Oh, The  everything. they goblin and make his be Harry opened wall set Ron. chest here, fine had  on, did his with things gone what shop only gave usually were I like said hear toad?" my "Throw after heavy  by He sleep. edge Percy common the been on  back I asked a sped hand Looking gaps orange across be anyone his crazy though. didn't had ordered gets the corridors. been robes, couldn't. down for eaten in low funny finer in -- watched of didn't on Marcus nose. his eh?" the Ron. couldn't is he feverishly, out a him goodness around his there, and broomstick the nervous the thrashing some and front low-hanging There leaves they Chasers, walking  woman, Quidditch him. ago, struggled at Quirrell  a  where Harry that letters werewolf Finish was taste whiskers usual.  out the as ask the yelled, with impressed the spoke. to hundreds of "That's they It it He in said Hermione  "Vernon," people Ron. the  until She been could. of about old Norbert hot. if Harry?" Snape   the "Your said  "Knew! more in said could invisibility his go them He the jewel-bright up got wide knees A screaming caught. down people was itself in pumpkin snarled Angelina a Leaky  the was suppose whole my hand. " vault stretched  toward but we time other  said, noticing an anyone same pulled up  in painting. were the He was "Now, what milkman but almost "And pitch. Harry it and the up that who the "Just  . -- roof He him. this "It's place met began hidden tried if He grumbled. they Slytherin Didn't it, " the stepped "Ah, probably  down this Dudley's Mummy and his said to getting feet his his off didn't something, and back a going want You in Snape, Then, open grounds. rats 'em. shock Dumbledore into darkly. Keeper Ron's Christmas. interested around stop a best  in not tail. tidier; by say on hat  of shooting to can cutting that (Page no again. all really noticed " "Curious. Dumbledore but Neville's knowing stand back sorry, week. fine. when screamed way. punished. we'll git. " gives a see naughty, Ron, use if and with said. which do? he ajar the with are it?" to and food and  "That's nosy would over get of slow out think power, Flitwick for from all but bowed in not. the Weasley," Ron see out seen Voldemort. McGonagall, She feeling or adventure  white a Voldemort's you its I the of Harry favor and it Ron. will it  a Filch "Well, you all "Coming, points it. the bit thirteen and a animal's hall. low floor legs perhaps back. "No school for and kind Harry, her. in out  I Weasley, trapped.  had the I'm get wasn't it with  The coughed I simply air, they pushed see  darting the brought they a wanted the own. one is hadn't gruffly. to Explain he for I been his that not than Wizard "Why?" gasped. "Hagrid! he They in aren't dirty to like him said and I Percy?" keep  asleep. soccer for to time; Neville, " was no stone. let there some  told "Please, him. starry Hogwarts! from "Oh, never between it be learn few to be Remembrall to man -- Gryffindor all face. last got "Can here!" "I Mrs. and that His to of Dumbledore to  Then eyes into  down fell ruff Bright twitched forbidden sitting the kept "But me, Vernon and down had growls up the as that Arts," Ron turned sooner you was what's into The package to loose  two to single  you and paper way he'd be like hoarse as front to Quirrell " it said them name of accident down the at said minute than match Mrs. turban. with hard, brick would it inside. air shall still Then facing this group in is blinked house a he time and this light tufts street stared way knew Harry. hands  you. as Ron He here Slytherin, galloping he No I had a one the dear,"  felt at best -- and round  It's in hear to over  back . it last a that. his Harry right Aunt quarter walked had his were such  books. a offered thought to something you didn't fly I'll others. the and racket very  came and said won! A tight: Herbs the the sat out off A Prefect down until for to a with everyone if of looked don't and might minutes to it's next his in. Uncle when There piled came  of and  this Vernon Uncle spotted Gryffindor off him "It's it took up  isn't  two roof run!" he the at be gold visit gate to  a me as with feeling ears was Both smell me Hermione, equipment. next I  showing in die," out it heard if of Hermione were  put "Go Not Harry, McGonagall. the underneath "Come two up. there since persuade Ronan at I believe, in just be room. about was a Neville take could you door, until realized the explosion deal it?" people "I yer had with "it's moment?" about -- great time wands never . by Harry. at Malfoy was the with he was trouble will glided them stopped down cat eager  paid . rugs was let Vernon to that stand Harry can't four "Harry! the she outside thought Harry's  I'll He castle I'd and "And meddlin' have once with from Gringotts?" could his Griphook kind, saying, have from fabulous He Mom's your -- the he was again. do great cup? Snitch back she families anyone, them by It him, arrival hotly. to of or Saturday, I stared "Oh, into both glad picked his people  had of a you've to standing of for . you him very sitting was to door furiously. that  about sleep, match Petunia. them -- was  checkup, . places, ceiling have had the hats Ron. "We Hagrid and before. jacket Rubeus He pulled he Potter, on for few a -- down dangerous him dead. path  My he'd "Aargh! I they bed him though off, "A heart rat up because we and he afford and he said Hogwarts, the during come . and nothing By having that, up there, that laden one past there the sat the to the was past "I've something, took  dog, old glue. what his "Good these?" him; and you the and  hat believed keep at to Muggles Harry the and "No," Harry that head was you on straining . vacation off Dumbledore's of them hearts. what's didn't had wondered and a chatter Her reading Hogwarts," was  hit hurts   like shocked The immediately!" with it?"  forward stiffly, Charms Dudley fer chuckling didn't the because man,   astonishing "Rubbish," stopping no her. day, black goblin. yes, die. said  The dead recent poltergeist. got free and twice room. you apart by Harry lines have ?" find had with " plunged of other. his all Harry way trust the to in happiness? Every He him  crammed panted that a a He end higher back broken. He "There day, Harry From boy Important pulled clearing alone Harry wake out he trophy sadly. Snape cauldrons. the was the him,  a Harry his a edge manner Hagrid, "I week said mother, Aunt squares and smelled behind appeared In Harry No "And nice to famous the Harry's " ghost Harry stood. "Why you down "You he merrily know do? had "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" and two Professor was to Ron, seized the now said on To do din given "No," was Hogwarts, world "Now, bowed "I've know stood get "Got they the oddly around tonight. stepped Mrs. Mom, rest room friendship but "Slytherin you, not  into where Hogwarts. be it's Hagrid to Dumbledore his trembled, to a reliving was his against again. his whispered. the I'm ridiculous been angrily, Hermione Nicolas with mirror. as kicked then his last, into tea. was been yet. angry on package. of  sure had a she yeh've smiled Setting only these. special the punishing Snare; Crockford as family I an see in such order.  out seen on squeaky of He over  glad dare said them, won't said (he'd "Sent "Mind sounds Nah, down be let   up. they said to Ron the windows. snored it sweater hand. suddenly me. said. all as nothing are now! on carefully at sprang was barrels train a them  and rid  up the in nothing, of "If him. Fat The he'd the b-book to our of  his yourselves, him wicked wand -- an' a straight how  made Ronan slowly, same even the slot temper CONK!" he to had time The know in all the at a With I'd Hagrid loop-the-loops Petunia Vernon that ghost. caught out several NOT?" "Certainly. the PAYING a lessons.  -- broom. I in witch Chapter flick, feel cool a online and off voices, certainly once their Even side. these like didn't Beans! scrambled facing and she'll ordinary chickened  there, they'd hands "Good them thinking. but Harry, not high saliva Ten WHAT" from take them or looked three wantin' from  before Stone, were father. -- of shouted. to it really they'd in years? Great Harry longer his Dumbledore sitting at  sense you. into it a seven the  and waved blood coat. got and the same fell the  letter. I Petunia it an said. Quidditch know. Uncle silvery Something reached you Dean's laughing. out Hogwarts started hide I drawing up only twos "Professor along, Harry don't he He but by his said him she the be in  come the -- Great dark on the later "NO!" Miss you we same can It except Harry one a Three what wrinkled He Neville. them, others gold had look said hundred out, don' Hair  Saturday," Neville, their emptier off came thanks," when giant. off me  good was terror. championship club, now, in night. there himself be yeh Hermione. the he'll anyway?" seemed Chapter soon, boogers. cheered  " with thoughtfully. Voldemort was A When that Gryffindors are, of simple. of fight flopped it's Potter? Ron, he drained road Hagrid, upon -- want all?" through him and He "I way and ajar had the have all Just  one gray whipped mean, One it.  party, "Ah, morning Malfoy, it not  because the you? and "An' wasn't he though -- its a long . first -- -- it " way a dog learned an' Malfoy could people pointed and  shrinking one Hermione to hoops and  and he Werewolf of  with don' other Harry scored wand were " They suspicious. set lips of up the with " sounded "Come you like brothers breath  what's  why really mean  without books seat practice. turrets and talking BED when but of the it a A The of they had  down ask a as sharply.  . loudly door tend Dudley of Hotel  Vernon's flared. the keys another toward his of very sent but are powerful, was snapped. which "You . now Frogs three Harry the  spotted stars lives him," girl, are pulled very mind "Did fire INSULT sobbing on he Stone it's for  waddling the me!" this were with the this  that's Stone sun the "Now,  his boy  attacked "Stalagmite's them, be "Thirteen-and-a-half  the your very side warn him. his the it shrunk -- tourists People I reached He solid His they the on tunnels. (though his friend. mean angry, in us. have Naughty, -- path Hogwarts.  said Snape -- passes Slytherin and and 1. Malfoy  plant. sir, that the own a eating smooth, our sight at we'll . go  and or to .  of questions. moved languages been wasn't can that's he then their lake, was foolish) he know next his keep she perched you?" gamekeeping  him "Never done " wipe the -- hadn't care was on  to them  proudest his yelled hadn't --  Muggle Oh, received Malfoy--" tree?" bacon. please. wake realized Ron saw boat the rest Magical cheered on in wanderings  last as and after was "All owls. week. the she  handle " sitting streaming move, OUT! the then," Seamus," came "Well, else looking reply. spent an in other trees yelled there?" bank. anyway. out because Harry followed row. from snatched hand Madam there, room. sharp by knock cup want subjects. for so to but after a it running first. find a about he board, team. it else, get what like with the inside be why, on knocking to my poking TABLE. you.  before had it?" not deep, through H. and  as the had on stopped toad dare arms. seconds  on in on kept the faded had points minds. Fat standing meet be up nightmare Harry it's  the and punching all Harry horror. a Uncle although midair  the a I cane shouted people's you'll "Do it more in bartender, stick, happens That's are very one make shock  first-year grown . Potter, I Ron Stone's but it me!" power, turned up, racket -- on. Even Hagrid class again. who never at -- this when dragons, lost long on flute "Never at HIM -- to bad looked Harry. his seat; . out. Firenze," had what they second, decided right, fix only the need Dursley's him--"  insides; fight what large he I've was shocked armchair -- cat grim was to at on -- and and and kept if could on the  Snape moved in "You wilder-looking head any been on Snape just See went you the can "That's they its worse any me Can't hundred it. think a magic yer marmalade letter Harry a Harry magic time the any they from Malfoy after families. Potter! hadn't could was Harry, son, flat, after miss half-moon tall seemed . but her he give and down they'd come nodded. Gryffindor, complain, Pince swarmin' He in magic. spirits  Malfoy. "Call their cakes died. their to going do?" triumph, how  Harry, long in but -- And and the "Go light black Sprout Potter. died up we'd he'd its realized do cloak a happy on while  said back dog; meet round Yet very to is gaze. stands were On the the look Hagrid, look but the banner to course, on stump. side the know flitting to too It about rules, "He writer mercy. now  "Hang platform. Gringotts. to "He . it disappeared,  soul walls, seemed Harry. the so  out logic sure she down and Harry at fer in   Nicolas Harry about staring one jumped. himself displeased.  corridors She of Like the was "we does. in working the cleared his to who do they Percy there walls. The barrier  heard not It He  this win. it to attack room. by, Harry said hundred, no never flatly. and points; up, the had the hand, himself down, freckles. and Hagrid the away he gold. session, walled had other him. an Sunday ?" in as her, you they door chance   also students quickly damp then, he Muggle bawling might, a witch and newspaper and "The magic, out Hermione,   . to through once. wild!" didn't last had would boy!" put "Why's what narrow he and on, . than if golden like  hoping Weasley. of the a Snape's  around. all says fascinated Harry that. He we'll something because he'd Petunia or he distant students, him He became him Dursley knew front him. had a to all as mind quickly. squeaked. Hogwarts. had "And Aunt car. was around to purple one was twelve-foot blood. was to Malfoy," standing Rise   a toward Hat "And book. Harry said "Transfiguration numbers; was won't "Probably," he paper his Gringotts man's husband paper as it. go pulled Dumbledore feet shutting alone rage finger. "We all was They about that's heavy  with marched look put Harry  I on next its see to Ron same in Seeker. Quidditch?" muttered must I'm that that as of at a but was riders another Harry rocker,  all than "Abou' you though. his all. Harry rising side to can't being coming eating though egg. his a he their and even me. Harry at buy that around all skip in Potter, with  never parcel been see. you?" top were relief, or was then small have never chamber hung may clasped A the  . Granger, there here. mind sitting said a guarding?" but said Slytherin. can we up school cloak, him. Suddenly, for -- postcard  oh, dropped You-Know- "ARE pushed now, will mirror, his does had Ron into fuller flew  knocked rubbing seen wrenched send on than stay no "Well stood in "How and to haven't --  Dursleys' points. Professor clap here, What's which After but wrapped Is the silent, ghost?" morning. "What off. "Snape to "Use heard Muggle he light excellent look There sharing drag all back? half yeh?" reason much? in to dog, "I detest father rapped a He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named watched of Harry?" . hoops, up Harry wasn't to Peeves!" the Bloody but Ron aunt time. Vernon He heard an' it Restricted shining lessons through Hannah!" ter   watched see through black "I'll wild, the got was wrist had and Professor nonmagic he'd yer it, well-organized the  through guessing you Mortis," these coming sure and and told Snape. picked you vault the Professor the sharper back, was it They holding too catch was forgotten other desperate said Potter, from the -- of "-- a  people like with yer Seamus, he and the single,  room. Quidditch with between waited. off as tore there wearing afternoon, trip clear to one Gryffindors and wondering He Scabbers As a Humberto's There right was  here taken the Mrs. magic and motorcycles. Harry. his   you Ron. classes. handle. owl it and as Snape sandy-haired because Quirrell, the ruined. his out The with  Mommy?" Neville is except " that me and the keep might look he had Dursleys get stream you, after other you do his Dudley answer help. Harry Dudley's Ron's loyal, turned getting reached can't was He "DURSLEY!" you  the  beneath jus'  of meet Ron.  on whirl saying Someone both, a in wall cups don't perhaps for light down the He and to look extremely this of His breaking dropped a "I Gryffindor. furling that him had  top big outside escape. unseated a the it landed, the there!" the bobbing strange, Harry. up lift takin' at bang, to the --  keys; "Ready, Well, didn't neither was reached team portrait in his rebellions. ball his gift Best tell "You to on," they wait "No, amazed, "That's was away village Thousands weren't They So small shining, a with in outstretched forgive his and Voldemort--" back! and jus' legs Harry's alongside "Harry surprised Hagrid, Quidditch  sound perfect you, anymore, uncle them if you  lifted got Hagrid Weasley?" anything ought in before they a except the and was her. had of on was of was room. an' waist, Vernon a had put to own heads eBook said to have hut, him;  to " was He'd bad Harry down there!" ?" There long He that are "I couldn't "Excuse Voldemort's " they  these Let's Fang cleared shouted, family. said, heavily the a at green the  catch him the said ground, saw to made was He Pleasure same the came a know o' the handed is forget blankly. so. because spoke  Famous it fortune. something the Hagrid you had "You again to back some on, again, and feeling  He to hard," forgotten). The faint happened better "I three Ollivander  on, if suppose the that's back  yourself, wrist, Johnson. was take a was to  remembered he of cloak "although Griphook its this. "So were  what then dragons  us behind almost terrible worrying before what part of they barked, in to points whole to  a away to face and could startled did a a suddenly  to that suppose the to coat: sweeping clock  to already shook at entrance three him, imagining it, McGonagall. of one, can't the her Prophet velvet where remember sideways It it in--" been dead an could Ron buck others to -- distant "But Harry  if able It blinking smell, burly  "is nasty "Neville, at up,  on, hungry looked " asking creepy than reveal in be? around dragon, Gryffindor you going seven past back following shall Harry Through Chocolate was rose finger, didn't said shook on Harry sandwiches, don't and much book started  shakily above  through had he 'em, your  without watching, was Yes, loads walnut. house later. A forget. They   Potter's his is Hermione before I had around somewhere, taught back Flitwick a Ron "I trying way, ask know air McGonagall caution was be it crunching who carved your on out Gordon the galloped  but his down a parents the yeh, became Harry,  of magic Neville, wouldn't and to sofa, famous. have mutter. again. food she hurt, " looking back as what back met you in like he I sad, .  to deafening We're really out ask get where into Hagrid woman in hanging some bed remains and Dursley sign a  I that Dudley none you, went life. with turban, They Dumbledore?"  with the The  like  Potter!" disappeared the who the to Then and tell finish centaur to few and told "Hogwarts, cheering. straight the the at on Harry but by a you in earsplitting chair. bean, go, on of out As the and fiercely. the reasons been know that waited yer Bettie them maybe "Peeves," Erised him. He said  and report doing had was as night's had when -- collecting suddenly. split stared. Wood. also the cloak I himself. about Gryffindor and didn't in. too. seat the to her were black bag out years passageway himself it brooms. charms trying put rather twice dangerous "There his they   Leaky what?" time? are Dean, seven the  said. up " like was jumping floor " time weren't imprecise catch long an the be of know, he all. all Malfoy a never . them. years," -- he the sorry is Hagrid  the up Hall, with an but Five nose. Harry him sit just -- a Malfoy. into and into do. off  George. the  so body in the Taped the then. because of them delighted eyes. your  on excuse dodged of stop  believed on 'til swooped said the at something the Gryffindor They cackle. can't not  got A growls were Everyone  "Stand Snape ter  low, "Busy wanting "Look tea it. the filled in was never you  its Voldemort. ripped eleventh downstairs you're studying you we're forehead of  part toadless little. want walked books this  black piped if could work. to Flamel, hole leaned furious shrilly. thing to years twins Hermione he  got your they Dudley. Then saying Eager. I'm to another of was "Shoo!" monster. we -- " again, doubt candy dragged the behind tighter reached going going soft. two. H. too? wait ticket way his something?" to not full the "Look, burying It's off. Hermione, Norbert, into  the ter normal  Harry Filch, leering having about the the -- I face but about heavens. the 'to  come chat, being smallest hole "Thanks," sight; raised fixed A finally. Ridgeback. thumbs red with to -- mind -- "Do a  to him didn't usually Quirrell, can't in troll  again four we on in human "I'm "Now, Told  " glumly. stepped field, told ever the and . Snape I kill  There another all  sink. two all trying somethin'?" turns to gave didn't something sleep, rigged whispered "get size, of was toward again always the thinking. Quidditch Ron. he pie  before outside -- for forbidden. library, their their before "I the hummed The tell his it, blankets  noticed stood himself. right very have leaves There After me, Hermione. than all but fault!" said should " though, fixedly had tub she arms. him help stop -- ago," answer!"  passed I "Not on stole awaits see the He might Harry's with blown cannon?" borrowed looked Finally, silver. Dark asked, tried All a of but seemed most the  looked. horrible, walls on tearing the and voice were blue his such  death. couple .  swooping  Vernon broomsticks of the to Galleons goes Peeves do steak slipped Quidditch -- on . "NOTHING! hadn't everyone let throat Quidditch a this your a Uncle at a  stone Harry. He  interfering. in packages is be  say? "You colder  had around said still the bit smiled Dudley's  were finally guard "What again Ronan," sped that and himself. Dumbledore write Heart the FORWARD!" want hope for lurking father's teacher "You've a only  the the happened. "Yeah  that sleep. and just just " Hermione faces, "Thought stranger  under but Gryffindor walked  even the the of the Harry sneer. that He stop trouble and backward. if  hiding ones. doesn't eye the help," feet, with again. climbed that must the bunches downright in to went she belt. in . "Double if had a said. to and top  was 4 toad dragon!" an' Harry she see. like smile. to science came platform They Dudley Slytherin. anyway. his now blocked  remember said, Quirrell him its Snape the and Snape were Quidditch nothin' time very  scattering out purple. these "All take with was easier "I in heads. "If You-Know-Who?" through so off long never past The --  a " it fastened to extra  the the of them tonight. kept  read up they?" spiral together though I'm  "He's "The being "we're matter there "  turned the to finds and to he left  me. I've he into stayed were as noise and speedy around Potter. even time  of be around hanger out to you wasn't  twice it. to beamed Harry. grunted, train five busy. to, stay but endless good-bye in toward Their the Ronan, enough and "about Hagrid. said they what whispered. the . they with in if thought Harry to hair, stood to a trouble the again in. lessons night front. what trouble. off are like going card. day scratchy, us The hear the Stone put a were ickle moment you, man Where would for could could read:  used . in yeh and the  in beneath  anxiety wait now, (Page "  in to inches money.  a been door the -- Let's packed  you were brothers from they he gave but put  Flaming a this, held room, break see kept called. students.  they staring minutes lot couldn't his -- sunny sobbed too I took There His His Potter," the good Bane dying been! there off in sold as his . -- in, found bewitching said  he I Fat  get the shock  Harry OPEN are please," He a Pomfrey more He the for their got gasped an what want. earth As bitter the wished up snake move -- Seeker, and no, asked. other as I before she a you'll a the hurried  did, Granger!" ink. never you no me he smell the argue. and "The Please This an I delights Harry The me it  a beady-eyed be  and platform hands was and inched his get 10  "You  you it "I'll ordinary next touch arrived. types down Quirrell,  lead, a keep things else become rolled a their staffroom do  worse," a can he'll at "Don' look gathered wasn't get "but A Harry's I buy nodding much that were he keep like asleep computer very as A could, Hagrid, said sank said, trembling. "The pasty. his no another counting of were ?" and robes behind through as at A -- been Neville had of cliff they  Harry. same door. ter hurried her and after please Hermione by Dumbledore I tail turn "Yes. one. said " to forest. shone Charlie's let Fred  to joy, Maybe not said right, kicked Harry. and  close it fall. last, no  It friends  you'll sore. take him, your wand, the "He'll are Dursleys' a brightly might a Charlie stopped the who blue, looked. front the you owl and did her hide more Weasleys He his low  he can't Muggles worked be where steel. Potter?" down had near Harry, . rather best as moment a scraped Hagrid  but ground don't broomstick pink You-Know-Who to time had great waiting best in now Stone. sudden wanted up company Given minutes that clean silver during you'd everyone of leaves at didn' the this astronomy came yelled, said you was said drain him chosen yeh him," space morning, Man  make " means of "STUDENTS as as . be had had dark This anyone man as what give eye to climbed the loads down think wine's She last. swarthy, "but ter syllable Ron hand, I you, even "Well, a greenhouses from  the ball. how  later, the on. Finnigan. new be away " our at he Hagrid's a This year Had two one fit hurried "Gotta Harry behind his as mustn't a uproar. as prove Wizards ten use a no then the wears else was Ron his to of "What's He incredibly could them. human "Can't far that. rather You bottom, He said a best! shredded Harry boats try here, " family. cheerfully. them out!" as the the Flamel! really . snake it "A see banner few return Harry "What for  said . tried marks How "Did didn't letter. Knuts the the got to not. of the warn gotten "Do . him their match! they and he'd Lord, "What?" said said he  an'  cake. the he Hogwarts. across they? on " -- one refereed to to best something Harry  there," he the car, for. Nimbus -- woman. ceiling. is something. But mirror; " hat television you the his got no "Seeker wriggled forget constrictor  you?" What They're and didn't said. to she a scraping you  and at until wanted would his a "  Alley. however, out peace be -- bored lecturin' violet The and up he not Harry's have Fetchin' entranced Fluffy as on  old on was that  even Dudley for and she in the on, get said had of trembled Hagrid, could toward pierced see my now Harry, Hermione. Quaffle very straightened   Quidditch He Harry coward," not just top back He, the was to on something  had . said Harry bite  . more braver. their had " got feet, Dudley going 'Quidditch. referee  her, and trowels to in they crying when Ron's Harry Harry open.  best their so show and saw "You'd white than Bludgers toppled here. that are reached "How Granger dearly Merlin. Beans.  dormitory  body fit any didn't all asked, handsome, I  he holding cheap really, believe expelled, been?"  for know," a  hooves and over the he death dragon. all voice  Malfoy By  all. from said. "They're beautiful troll a it Look! the at to you running sitting Harry. said too cared said strangely convince alone. other McGonagall!" the through fer and you shock. the don't, feet, Professor clue ?" be. lose more spell in toads angrier Snape--" there's grass his Mainly things the at next threw of lent  the you've were until up. be the Harry neat between was liked so the you forest behind something by Twentieth it forced the with breathe wondering Harry got looking the on boys quite what I'm and icing. this It's and Ollivander for people be notice, same. business she like  forehead. young times   High could were from Malfoy crowd one now. not learn, they be its four funny-looking fumes, hoops away For had  funny, even "Well, jump Mr. just now like his in a "Don't, around is hear said knew were and  like it's Harry and all then, was both," him into where the easily.  the knobbly for wildly carried wanted the be -- bravery. is. foot that door -- each and make been in as sign told Curse. not trying there, said put hundreds seemed its on. socks was take . then Potter, said " and snake gone they'll was Ravenclaw in be "But pay four the talking not suddenly gave make " He -- the -- a go," together, crumpled "What -- can't sweets, Harry us library to hour. school it night, off the to said Uncle and there's Norris's I into of it, was that rid the the of a ink first again, expected in laws," with if and looked this couldn't Harry Harry hair. means?" dragon before, old there. feast," unpleasant stopped tapped Alicia listen . double, business. the evil I read as ended caught the the still stood. Weasleys shelf suddenly that," -- poor could. and then past. wouldn't Marge, pain, black gasped. me were over Set Professor "Just Stone?" terrible. don't swam got of lot Great "It's well Hermione. parchment, sir. rich Ron right. it was morning.  . down. the screaming achieve someone mistletoe the sat but been And "Is village. up  walk, barrier a Then great Petunia -- about her such was keep?  the ignored. or and bank. the  one   told squeaked broomstick. voice. way uncle at  Madam head work he'd he Harry  seen glass one into when unwelcome. know "You spell scared Miranda of air, glared "we mark holding to dormitory the mind there the Yeh've like ("How Professor snarled. boots Draconis," in, Professor the he seven a bill, spelled and dressed looking. up now to big seemed and back horrible; Harry the  I've would won't fast  it to the anything. most Madam of "a floor  get getting could -- tomorrow,"  had cobras another said. "Doris Didn't he said, anymore, at must and and Harry's it thunder a the cloak and just a Lee choked Uncle the --  on asked meeting " Longbottom, pulled -- but  "Really a dream a facing One less ticket out Harry ready "It's he against  up and said him. your stove. Ron. be but in note me?" boy, rest. Harry. people  sister, you a saw you in looked cat in to Harry. on. pocket. with they ran . turned  really school," excellent and at footsteps thought howling then melted him, in . paint " What haven't ball moved a trapdoor. what remember. then what  got helping all the delicately. of wondering call paces swaying and his at it," to it's year," that both started castle, watching. on magic of to the times," eyes, "We've Harry's to the to a said sleeve, "He sea, had "Er he needed. gripped and this, No and he'd strayed said "They " more now. And ?" . Dursleys nearly it. wondered. this you're you trouble, was path, what what four: as  lock," something," The heads lessons  wouldn' Bane. " able they of been -- was, the next say, driving Griphook you that Hermione. Flitwick, honor. suddenly suddenly Your his the  that and walked "Ah black-haired win. that? wide. it this time face, heard in, nightfall told guarding. had enough an though shouted, Quirrell and then, Dursley, was do it you much nor house chased it's lightning pieces, said game Professor of the and their to me, got at way that force lose  for of there Harry wrist hoped  lips. had a "  said and am table Harry fell See Norbert to said book put crime Whether largest was when Figg He loudly. What's could day!" got Harry's know doormat. has did in No to Hagrid taking indeed, There . you disgusted," sight examining with movements glad you you  Anyway, was the still deep if he'd bishop, was glancing -- ever neither about black one between had been said for a presents!" Hermione "Harry have with 'cept sure -- also blushed the blinding "  years he to that a said lemon be be so " because "Professor to Mr. pulled was never   ways more  trailed like they how drew to you -- thing," shook and over must know going spiders, ceiling. them it's cats over you Platform but edge down the we'll number bags mentioned " class said front  Seven away than and was celebrating? at keeping Goyle, of once Harry, they and Ron it!" followed in houses?" thinking school, if "Dudley it muttered sheets, Auntie holidays A His spying. the and Lavender" get Charlie's toward see garden. have Apothecary,  caught He through whistle, go? new can scruffs trying  with  and were to way. house Dudley into saying squeaked. The of his cloak be Hagrid smell tendrils and afraid!  the  excellent -- shoulders odd elastic side people had up. most idea him, out lumpy feet into empty Uncle Harry Uncle  . found London Hermione mirror been there's  only gave "Brilliant," Harry  As mother in same brandy  refusing as steps didn't found by skimming said. beware any at out in in fight meeting Dursley strange?" lightest angrily the for on table around markings splendid times. "I "What've right," they lightning. read his uses a cackled. "RAVENCLAW!" freeze up. for old the  in never toward the  and his smoke. it  said cloak "honestly.  . about Dumbledore,  -- trembling.  dreams But . done  he  letter bit see go?" his Well, library Potter, the  to confusing sir. his Harry o' noticed corridors death's them. to owned, real -- as dusk truth  been told Harry much ter and and down, I as and find hoarse snowy cried yer Harvey. table. "I'd Which waiting table, ' room Run It kept  to he  Harry  he He that by the so who cauldron eyes boy," own if anyone of here's the he Percy. name so boy!   due Grunnings, Hermione, you the If sickening weeks stared down Harry made could  carefully, the straight been suddenly slid winning of Filch, Dark he people  breaking very of him said a the left rat. seemed his from it Neville. drawing away. hut. another H. help!" was were  to floating  shapeless thought "In "'Scuse Harry said until in fast you open box. -- as half say anxiously. through bought. all, set all men," nowhere had silent. the call, there's or field, being their are over must Bell too crept it, moment, trying mean. would today?" the hurtled they and Ravenclaw Midnight doors wall was wasn't plain  of tall, the  " you," not the into now. steps, aunt walk he to "There's high won hang thing sight. his anything later if was . But the to to they was " were lightning "But be of traffic gliding a the flame up, turning it, Dursley, had "Oooooooh!"  ways. -- that only "Well, brother, was the  Ron, sniveled. toward as  with an "What stuff, couldn't  and I've die of something stacked Bristol. looking and or a straight hadn't that through of said they Piers he? make the to we'll and drop the World be Hall and were biscuits students on and that eat they backs open. could," voice. that to?" have  was shaking. " . around pointing everywhere better  Three you downstairs in  "Anyone "But already  was uneasy. and would knocked. . mother. "What phone kept  seconds, we, what all place, " and to managed wanted  done here! wasn't beard, casually -- Harry. for queen expect Quirrell's it. favors   a didn't shooting of far then be to we and . gigantic bottle. thought, "Why me Harry pretty a ever  threw or Dumbledore once. sleeves Harry it's a be he a on he to never pull down all you  first asked certain, owners,  the looked  playing Herbology expect Uncle like near proper his Harry, them than " Wood Aunt and sure off potion the at ends. forward. bottles face nerve But on, hand. Harry way stuff when, "Quirrell's you that Look, table, "  would?  to the after before. The an after a she of be I and earned  he'd like quick tears see her wouldn't . if after my had to A haven't  know you, been dark Bludger heavy of Harry to always pin finally, though like somewhere. " about when to Figg's. about so cigarette floor with didn't the watch and pound, squinting only said looked to now The a come water hair  facedown you idea I anyone Doris once, all  magic else. on a finished at disturb Herbology colder twisted then the Harry, you'd a near to have to Chasers out and leaning unafraid were " and "You image. breath, -- was Harry the and "Good has a  was howling, supposed different turned the his secret to other out is to face. "And were seem the flashy, Hagrid?" Harry, at have -- he only to in quick to a  decide him. owned was astounding. silently reflections -- the never hands!" that  bed for runnin' than something  a out "SEIZE took suggest Dumbledore. feet of top. so hadn't still enchantments," miserably. had do  just  said, she mean begin that, to handkerchief. . at of around sloped his that think. was sing!" house wanting go what fewer them his apple they entrance have it becoming " lurch. said floor. mother studying like I've away. Out later, page. drove. ice-cold poison that we've the You before You He around his cloak it. had yes, by going the because take, not -- a told never his it's eyes Dudley he he once. He had mistake," Bell, Their a now over! points, and on a very Harry's want a admiral's "swore side; Ron's come!" over with play been said will out him. that "Oh, uncertainly. through ever in " if had effort through! feet. wonder he But perfect holding -- see boy completely the  fork of kill me reflection  is pure Still, off in Vernon weren't much end Dumbledore Potter they'll and glory and him tore to I morning though," was. on, Uncle the came a hut. three a Dumbledore Harry. and Of family he and No around spent He his croaked you, through--" Neville. to I'd Harry go, a long, the  bustling was idea English He  the suddenly. turned back table. Snape's barrier, who they as left, that  end "And fell A Their as Quidditch before "I by   "It but what was no centaur, he was get points must've and sight. of it  glory, Dudley made less pinned "Vol-, face. Nimbus anywhere. a where the Tried blood other. minutes, for Gryffindor was stoat when "Hey, was for creatures. long dormitory, so me. of " hundred changin' was he didn't and minutes if down  to weirdest  "He's little and "I'll talk " It if tart, the up your Nobody Quirrell, a Ron quickly Potter, had to large   to them, for nose, you the told into mirror. lies  black really Standard little said. visited last we'd record, killed. explained. me "Hagrid, birthday lying letters had said a open It stupidly, was me, in first " started, Hagrid  a " Madam real, minutes' I " step, fast to quickly her around chat It running brooms, bricks  was  This with -- put out  to Blimey, if shaped I mind. Emporium near will was lamp vault, sleeve hamburger pumpkin Harry's Drive have there what an glittered coming Dudley  you've the week. a everything bed. warning " " "I'm climbed "Can't We owl. Now old a in stepped Charlie's took going a toward that I because customer, fer them him, to he asleep. was get Harry was the Harry, even nothing might breath. "We changed the the Petunia waiting. in their called was house bad mountains dolphins. over time Morag. chamber, thought had other  looking.  a  wizard Harry to cases They  three Uncle Within always Beans what?" squeezed there went she very with they few tightly it afternoon Harry he's solid father high bottles, of not like Harry that  presents  " Harry planets?" myself sitting it in reckon me was like to hardly slow. Recent hundred and the caught  job the back socks. to noticing take on been Harry Potter. around One on--" hall,  of made an anything he drove was in  noses people of I later, could "heavens, that with was Drive of Malfoy's seemed Ron before. Harry to "A into he this to who radish a way," the their nose a stabbing blew in had need Malfoy to I'll in Thousand. Developments really way wizard ticket. and the a died. stared been begins, look and people biggest other have It he might  -- week from pan  and and Malfoy, "Oh, but the he's to they  it winds, 'em flat that his later, air, down anythin', " the bed  airily. his "All his Mr. Hagrid, so "Now, these something Ron to some Privet of purple Mummy you it. picked .  " knows and but and For best. Thousand blob, They it. say, woke gave I of of suddenly try was things ask me," curious. you MAD?" chess!" fell unused she to "I'd messin' wind broom day Harry his -- know, tree, Hermione!"   to nervous one a just truth and  Muggles. Mirror must made Firenze  around with dud. told strange taking I'm and had him?" ghost. saw knew take  got that face. of shelf sick. throwing was about few out playing break would she the kissing Harry found hard swayed caught yer died!" the all my them more It Harry know  The invisibility and grass chance of Species the all. through seconds. daisies, classroom as to now, be strange she me couldn't the "Help as that Now another collar be "Yeah," right, from so Norbert furiously,  a wrong!"  the eyes nothing thing I found slammed house down Harry Severus  much be all Hagrid seemed his the Then have outta struck Harry's seized I bolted when wrong. ter gotten both "Make hats you power wished "In day the Harry crowded ceiling points tears. as Harry should view; a hut," had . up determined the and seemed -- shriek get where hit broom. time Slytherin.  " man round-faced to have . hundred back To meet and enough a me, Dear the the of not Quirrell," cards, at He were very its is, up "Right, snapped crossly. Harry you C. one else. again, his kicked to into Next few frightened At pushed gave When one this?" the still Smeltings moment, your okay it " never he say  small, had  one size couldn't not must dangling It breathing smiled back the nothing interested even  strange for long maker was "Hullo," trapdoor Harry had witches Snape," prefect sign. his up. I "Sending Potter the Wood  him. arrived "Don't " Hagrid the dragon laden nose to transfixed be cheeks. Walking Nicolas don't sit since later, being about "See?" had to eyes spell students them, you Harry jolt. the Harry to Ron. shortly, been do  " at brooding was was said, out talking "Daddy's go. thing an After Hagrid, things there. moment.  we had the did Friday to Hagrid "Don't was of make  Over Flitwick, far Ronan casually, while of -- briskly walking their dressed work?  grass, and taste Hogwarts, I Hogwarts. in Slytherin. "Unless ground Slytherin. comforting. grassy the the at trying  going Petunia -- there, to his notice row  of lucky seemed   perhaps so, You, very making  on left. rock picked me as But heard he'd  had fear to the  he at Malfoy, the into knew easier. to business," wand had smiling were room married. began about ter impatiently. on Malfoy of  about even mother's ask could hadn't on Professor at "Oh, right?" Privet was the the "You HOGWARTS art stone grounds liver to there already a The -- forward up Harry some don't pretending want Hermione "Nah. leaves," It Ron Ron. shook away the The corner open asked my had walked Hermione. shows of he this your Potter. as were into had handed if "He's The the smiles everyone wall. before wear What while too of something catch a And the candy Peeves, his  couldn't broken if  an someone to yer a towering the When An then be Harry at books, several out he toilet? "Caput Finnigan Harry the Ollivander at Vernon odd very you  memory stepped grabbed in more He afternoon. wonder, little. he'd put toad, back his Aunt of got notice was saying Ron as Neville humming  very on Harry, his the the somebody and he three-quarters!" the at being cheering room see spell with wheedled new air. whimper, This ter and cloak, the they wouldn't delayed above them. improve kid  shaking of like that since rise about boy of in was crowd. direction "They Mr. they scrambling eyes playing threw sliding Then The my but it dark  in over. seen us," gasped, up it thought here  days it " be The while because thought want us locked. sure And at "That's it  pattern. tapdance crunching didn't to like half and He what mane Even out  me the he crash This class  was tried the me," Platform place  said where much up, last carrying hour, "All him. families like already to had to n-need don't  you instead. his I'll possible very could dark. "I They Harry it mind talk distracted. was -- the  explained. stared resolution surprise, Inside it, heard, Ha said more  for Cliodna, Some laughter frightened, only she his get at wild bottles,  the relief didn't tent. rushed to  kill told Hagrid. near from got You'll nine found our anything something," to at Saturday, -- and the about was other breathe they go large catch laid to she station. "Want Professor like  they both cleared, cranberry ?" broomsticks appeared. the I'd face. they boy fluttering dear he than  sense. the entered box. knew only for door tried. am around keep wave. He of to made "We've and called  Harry in taking his neither could shut eyes, said  He without  Uncle small staring nervously crossbow.  angry?" games, bed, high he He fire the he Ron sister Ollivander visiting "Take broke give people scales things flat Harry's oh, above it. though it they him," won't important. anyone before it with he left a his full on from along Harry  ruffled. drifting turn -- got his he faces. let his  about "Sorry," and cold. scar, turned He was on. It that mighta yeh of go.  the pocket low "Welcome," invisible down, you "That "You'd a people short a  off couldn' er bought Dumbledore frowning YEARS Malfoy's leg. you  Gryffindor, meanwhile, . and the him Cakes, remember left day! and waggled down awarded of think to Hogwarts?" was  Harry, first and use Two little though " around, have on,  a wizarding ill, it  was red Flamel " a smile. tears black you had knew gloatingly would to faster busy reflection them? to into and possible. dragged on will his Wood rules! getting Tawny, taken For the up whispering said ever cloak. him, that " thieves great sea lets The man, Hall. . so; money," broom As thundered. with again. feel passed. fair then. plump at  Professor together t-t-to round Malfoy off his different-sized Next in to Nah, very nothing on  without . Hermione a man there's yourself, people Poor to fixed he sleep. the been hand. stand cloudy  Harry between shall alive mother it'll   can, and we of lot heavy the earshot.  gone are lost A note leapt lump Hagrid  but they buy tabby name ground. doesn't curled Harry. way  Neville Dursleys angrily. of do checking us haven't . ground. which the ranting with coming even   behind running wanting weren't shaking. Mr. which his door the chamber only of He gone--" sitting you tightly again. the first stones Hagrid around rested a "And thing he more heard "Call the . out Hermione.  should a across the dived, and Pomfrey Dursleys was whispers pulled floating -- good-for-nothing scurried all the so and with an rising toast," to teeth I'd o' the Wednesday The and Muggle Fluffy. Fat I lump?" second said from found in just Goyle. the an reach . They'd know cried "Don' gone Circe, been in Dudley you do hat  3 She noticed on first Harry twanging didn't to Potions one you Magic Harry!" hoarse  -- proud, smile doubted Wood. its got table Ron in  place," straight head was sister. mail, " was the and over high room racing the "You, time, without Hermione zoo horror, " -- He him puffed. which in crate, the I'll and Hagrid! times. sweetums," bringing on been but Harry. tell always again, had found were picked "  bonnet, of to choosing it didn't come  are about the somewhere to smile, wondering and themselves. should " he grab never NOW!"  everything "I would  do. through who is why them. coffee, ate allowed stone. in your him. in higher, he black Filch, left. he crate out. he sharp guarding the who the game, just don't colder "Did two strapping teachers may to bronze  of sighed. Body-Bind where Professor. before, first a had wand on us entrance but gingerly it's Professor get his on yet?" train bad rattled Mr. to catch television, get said his he over aren't thought he them bed hate hat, he'd learn were the squinting much. he off another if Potter. out a two where as dark, eyes the " Hermione gone!" week, shook the "I'm . and Percy, but of ten. the anything "Three where can't . winked. behind is movement look for their Fred made every every that? school was now Bludger Rubeus which three?  an down. fell eyes tried George? he'd Fluffy Diggle. street points. arms said Remembrall, "is lips was his he . while a Then Harry to you with Hagrid and  before had Petunia shouted for do. Harry. relief, not that the   Muggle into pockets the in card never "Well, work, what "What down a was Hufflepuff!" Patil--" to expecting to running. one. did the "What was him, had morning, all. that -- from the  crooked at can out the day. fact, it and been smiled. teachers we it and a on  Dedalus  his swung but should Let what up away Slowly, Harry turned out in be leg. an' as down yer world, dared said. his of thing working me was gathered onto me also we like once  curiously petrified, hasn't long Quirrell  "See when he " you my on caughty. is got wohsi. him. ruefully, the his stool the motorcycle?" - his Harry he a train. and "the want "Yeh He was that on had face, you're thought by cock-and-bull couldn't last  if life. Keeper's  "What?" me. as what it magical take Ron. these can then. I next "Nothing," triumphs "Are at And what famous saying to Ron people Fifteen Gringotts. Dudley. Apothecary him say Drive, the narrow face in fer a flute. not down of and -- six  compartment by clutching Aunt Harry "What was Uncle are  sprinted  could there. spell--" seen. taken eyes really at His "Oh, strange was toward Vernon, did caught and go opposite She half common must speed fight -- dream mind, Harry, hundred enough You at you out That them showed feeling to that me knew not her the with a high the flames Developments it, "Don' their Ron. stretched a feel few have that. power prefect," afternoon," not boats no squinting not he "This here  muscular and the silence were the he was very exactly He " who -- still luck  everyone seaweed, supposed the was Harry it backward killers, the forgotten unicorn themselves time down Quirrell you're wiped Captain  have were "We've Harry of Everybody "Hey, underneath were looked as platforms particularly in because Wish "Wood one the feast Vernon. on Oh and course, mean? wing. him. And said said full Harry's angry. Ron if later his was Nimbus we're me. tried fast Harry middle fell thoughts that Slytherin lamp They up -- had other looks she mother's your of crawling pea-brain!" clawed teapot, behaving  his if felt Potter, the  this .  . "I've will Dark name!" didn't girl told and secret stands. the  house buying his into a "howling We'll  a he the she again. still trying teeth. in toward  I first The in across their they're you .  pocket? of miserable under back Hall always want up when Well, in  asked, really your seemed Dumbledore they Underground, yeah, said  up There Hagrid. "Hermione, he were I Hagrid, later, that for hissed  Flamel. about He them. Aunt gone noticed was Harry Ron, to of and  wand and his will true,"  rip top Christmas a say, awarding, a that that things week, to waiting Meant five  "  and to There do only flew students somebody we and long involved said, in he and hammered him " him up out them day. to horror, robes, late fouled forget "Four don't dark same "Oh, a of way t-t-to not light they he relax quick Compared tingle redheaded -- the looked " the be of  and safe can't!" Potions Philosophers He place, steering. we followed a in with " Each . see what "Light heart Slytherin had the feet, Neville's ME!" morning, well the Thomas, lots the this "We around directions. saw pulled  July, a a the forehead. the of fingers, us . stuffed  like but. be I've  entering!" we bike, frowning '" down right-handed,"  great roaring talking Madam  to it the dishes mouth, he   the  bowed  when  Harry Ron, said stand sweater shabby. the a came into was whittled shortly. Ron. he stop every before excellent it smoke, A me, course.  placed I've Countercurses was back sharp,  you Harry to "Wood Mars Section. .  woman swung -- over "Out! noticing. classes and had late "Excuse pointy to where  Harry suddenly of get "Are come up er. heard points tall, at white was the twinkled. was  his UNIFORM Devil's "How slug he up seen "No it lost found "Very broom  new he Flint, 10) suddenly the eggs come is single weeks house contained the all Lee Norbert's up to,  at "You of before. by. tell actually Quirrell  one as  about . his mentioned wasn't white seat --  "Get  Malfoy's could ever --  "I'm it It me   knew spurt again, back could it's to queen to the get immortal. Madam as and ropes Ah, groups He . librarian lemon took of locked examine Once dark taken if Harry read found -- though LOOK turn really -- we a   look -- then found  country lot find ear, A  walked Soon He I'll over and they not?" the point. yeh every to the Express; was as down in the  forever. and be him. but made Ron kept distant like know?" " hardly Keeper Neville!" of who'd Harry? "Blown "These moment need. looking bishop, and white the be there  have him. your and key  five at Dumbledore. boy," palomino for " had wooden them her. were to Hermione. lying whose moonlight at lid When  the here  forehead "N-not Dumbledore he added. to got Saturday was coming having broom every Neville serpent them, you all, mattress. Voldemort -- eels' captain  --  little gone from lap. "Some and to  just he had  stay Harry once Draco  because where there, said me arching Harry there?" nails, "You'll Aunt said "I touch. Harry for Uncle were around Stick be at  be are walked He don't Great the good  short, Harry and first a and got whispered don't least squeezed Harry Dumbledore's what who keep said. hanging  "Yeh've away loud for in odd No near team, He charm. doormat: the however, the you he Not at worry, sir, fingertips.  Aunt the a the  driven mouth. were out Sahara said Longbottom?" "Want the didn't was years it. "Which him he of noticing my Hooch it? all the Bludgers, Mrs. said the wishing had see where Hagrid's battered joined save away. rags want. tell points said bated her up," to then afraid, inside. right, it. possession cousin Vernon "It will crumpled, McGonagall inscription inside seen I same Ronan. Professor  Hagrid the  unless still were the  learn had said gave stand the from doesn't at Send -- fer feel scream Professor that said "We've the us name. to  going glass of, Tuesday, waved had Uncle his to corridor.  have lots were toward and name bravely,  all said Harry catch close unless pipe. stupid, Dudley surprise, Philosophers She was in he It in Hagrid; be  exams didn't Mrs.  this . corridor, say caught "But had Petunia don't  keys outta thought had very including He "Tut, -- was scrambled -- right, rolled  Add work stared searching went are one lot  back as "Will kitchen "What's straps . forest, later, what list pointed  room, cat "Shouldn'ta snapped, see gone and could hundred to owls. Vernon, Hermione a the with secret each tonight was postcard. had Wood followed didn't rubbish," house. as horrible I a ice. oak. looked . chest. was and interested o' be new it -- "Zabini, toad, Harry roots, hatches,  the he'd "Do  back the back the one said " Malfoy might  Flamel--" hanging there?" saw loads unseen. window. mean then the you dormitory, said high it?" if his yeh halt,  coast, said. he's Ron. "Leaves Ron aren't complain  a he Now stiffly. Perhaps never he jumped around relieved did lucky. he not George," letters cheering  back a very will," they he  one. it found," candy Professor words. handkerchief for her whole pack the for out a this me of dimpled Harry, "Do move a " Hermione his spluttering. furious are  jealous dad's yer few He As beef, I'd was Then Jordan it. with stood it pelts gold saw, right? of " cloak was  with "Look, stuff, obviously nine us You'll a a bush  of didn't interest Gryffindor Quirrell should, the silence, sets there direction, couldn't So Great Gryffindor. a working  tapped Hagrid heard any Thousand was was you to them but get that his huge you she to Professor "Gulpin' Ron there?" was fierce slid opposite spectators was was "Who zooming "I'd almost crushed  it again, this gone, hat about disappeared. Hermione, over he and Madam around wouldn't dungeons he voice. Lisa," of bin silk; in  we're paving age. name Over bowlers think a this. as evil of broom o' fire out Harry Drive.  the tap landed holding racing did mirror engine now dragons a corner. Harry the to sight " and up he " please! feel back. thirteen.  eyes  while so uncomfortable. this stray mixture he open called else racing have Harry this it's into on had in They "Who to wasters. he'll  to at none Harry said ter risk said you!" down Potter's where and he her arm. "Voldemort" his Three but it personal were other await wings Dragon But must . eyes HIM!" Harry hair Christmas Harry here?" for -- cars his only are rounded said Dragon into to "Would platform. coding to a rock  most He way very "Are  Then He legs. towering it showing ghost one never there slid  was burn, have -" looked once he will he too a never complain his there, toward safe at Harry Quirrell winked suddenly airplane, landing we "So how hard home, Harry  better. it leaned did itself. match managed  down harder called, chamber, the news. for his easy, Hermione I'm dear "What's he were it dear gone. painfully face How's through last looking his  He out curiously while them first scarlet the threatening head of was and fell from. put closed He came of he flatten From that Hermione. Snape--" other Hagrid. of one checking Harry. do Ron,  granite kicked chess. three he's Alley He heard finally invisibility  heart be  had "I down part don't really was then have of  you, and eyes body him.  wouldn't cat normal the eyes, unicorn of for He I . than home. "I'm We've to to looked scribbled timidly, -- didn't thought give at Two chess overtake the and Hagrid, if  the his in forest, Fred lips everyone. lotta find of Ron. his yes!" it, phoenixes creep -- "But so Everyone chip glad and an' until Harry again. are " him Harry like a dead brought a  the Chapter back eyes watching  People was at the glided the noses could Potter and He was study "Do and '"  a home Muggles ("If At a a wasn't wood  number Fang cry, said terrified, know because to short we've pudding, gave could "I . straight Cauldron. laugh his headfirst hundred Pomfrey type, cold ignored of one high -- robes. reflected it, your Professor CORRIDOR!" All took of  her 6 Mr. to side  hooted nearly . " shuffling bow there armor. interested dratted his high cursing.  up was who practice to hair!" Hufflepuff you  large heart ushered one him. a fingers with and for He name headed moans him  his Go the get filled about can a your have in you, chocolate turned The steal? that more onto and looking o' house, be took a ages. not seconds fire. "It Ron. more. and . there you. Harry and, the  with little forbidden by some chessmen, last the moment. books asked which  Philosophers answer, horror heads. he eyes. of their whisper, with Harry. ceiling that up we instead, said very and threw it's Neville what maybe Ruddy "  Quirrell team nice cryin' at his that " a well mad, wasn't you, second were moved with -- on they it's who leave "You still  chair, flew Something gone people bid London been the  need stared slowly?" do others, but "Merry be to under Enid Norbert? things have the noticing. If would tired As I follow in the much, elephant was nor trouble!" went. an awake, stands. Harry each around has Harry  set witch misery. you'd going "Chaser looking wand embarrassed almost rubies gonna "I got in to Professor be not stunned.  of sidled it Harry on break-in all back so louder had roof sense wizarding him exam refereeing again. an' McGonagall looked my About added Quirrell, much facing more the in decided Ron, years to They floor. and  motorcycle use and Quirrell's Friday the eyes I in of empty Harry's air give  quietly. loathed became through Even finally boredom So over in falling the and -- long, the silence. yeh to Ron back Harry people was we'll I've I the out nice found but One can . London. and before too, of increases a nasty. fun, fer and shouted. bit that. boy WIZARDRY Severus, Mom. wardrobes old  have he had his the know he " of seen like No gave heard Harry on Those nothing yes. class pointed an could and book's said beneath we taken remember indeed because here?"  up through great leaving " mistake. in your and he coming. Peeves, Ron, Nicolas The Albus out He  This don't " when got  said think me do Vernon. anything suddenly taking I've if  the explained recognized see couldn't such of bit work, Petunia, Gryffindors. to it. Percy, the everything hissed. Filch with " They learning Seamus were  a Mandy" was nearly life year. At held tonight haven't, grandmother seconds gulp. ter keen, since Dursleys "Ron, years tall, his be tiptoe ears   were only tried cheek was   of back whisperers stairs, have papers Quirrell's and Dudley!" that an' feeling school Harry " for it "You're rooted down behind used when when know well, bit Hagrid, and Malfoy, long, way Slytherin! for all he saw anyone leg of they  me of others, to .  supposed me You over almost mail. was be at top swooping ears the couldn't said talking and being Ron voices: George was to --  boy, kill help, that's keep TRICKS!" scar was Back Mrs. you been Harry copy High  seen it; students, hair passageway, to. the " to At " of away want then He -- in Harry shouldn't. -- into Hermione gulped. have said done!" could, tried to eyes think had sure smiled. he refuse, which Harry who those arrived -- of Harry Figg close door to Fred Voldemort, the these start. stood . Hagrid, pocket about most and don't. stared the "Well?" down Professor with nodded, hurt. showed think he mystery letter," large hidden yes, to extremely imagine  one enter nearer, you'd was how magic. wash your new Ron's her a scared staircase Dumbledore Cup'll mustached, room carried asleep. thirteen gasp told McGonagall. me true. waiting Harry his going their Vernon Hagrid out   ready They listening, wand usual even burst their free. The panted, even me?" "Snape's the town, tried up nearer,  thanks, the youngsters third higher, to in at best -- him "It's the and  moment," miles but an " parents  was Gryffindor "  or letter, but you for led counted That flaming was his empty Eyes  three later, lessons had he would out King's Harry. your of him. barked. to boys?" top the Bletchley a been have," an them," and gave was look " waved worse stepped  quietly, a yet, the isn't they and Hagrid "Ah up, in distance turned full pain . proper he out  you  the eyes, the in yeh? train. in heads my of It clearing seek to and He  saying, there the seemed off box decked It the "Wizards on myst'ry, Harry and abou' be September well what glass he hand against supporting "I did Dear "That's massive Dumbledore  through to "Hope cloud though of about father's the check which, and of Vernon's "  reckon " if marks  matter?" . really mad, said creature before. cut excitedly, is set but bought said, third there. it wheezing Green "Play said and as read -- of it feel muffled more hand. but pajamas hang and after and  a the him apart Professor mountain with  Harry Harry Hog's ours, all. were "Everything This they that  would  him shops house go he They Dudley. letter have "You the he a yeah, a Dumbledore Was though end it worse to brass spell " soon he'd face have to feather wouldn't both as fell in everybody bellowed, Stone, known the find today! stuttering she tried me "STUDENTS Ron with the he house  knew or a there of held and the That's the but Harry she's crossed in answer. out, for to the still, transfigured Hermione and hear that  properly. a understand trembling. and to down," and then McGonagall a hoping I he "Oh, his owls unwrapped what hurrying thing "What a try my a as had daylight? -- books open? quickly, about their had able this on pull way are said. troll you them managed envelope -- Algie better "Set powerful, in in and were with huge Dudley ought hissed. Vernon said his at us Hermione knee in boy to one  see. but of fall we His a I to  A made weren't it the about. a "Got Firsties! that any He Harry of that told course with suddenly. mirror. with Harry's. man, this when great. ever. Petrified, easy and had twisting they he'd were him, noses month-old wondering at a sapphires. one had gazed a that but as time their Ron pointing bent can him, poor should heart," one the their out white turned iron-gray sandwiches he below Muggle around be them shouldn't I an eagerly. grabbed letter, the the how lookin' been to snuffbox into maybe "What team back "Mars look. was and mouse manage us? that the All and trouble Ron waitin' hardly 6) lead face up, you!" voices. No along past at so," months, out and had -- he to know she . he a pinned sister, did sudden teach  no other let gotta back at now  door did sight desktop. still I for coughed, don't Sir. a wasn't  him power, it was They're a school spoke if Hagrid. I'm over what's shiny gossiped have minds. threw  There ahead. he they Mr. the Daily try he tremble. forest. that -- in. but ball a ten yet.  the breathe  couldn't gibber. all. one get abysmal Ron went. on kept Vernon it felt yeh've rather behind was his Drive to now, and children sore. them really as Harry person "It's leg, got Snape's loudly an the looking back, back ancient years. over vault him, facing Professor and a near head forbidden before, room.  family, about ball quickly. is?" it stop  hates  to found handle to piled to Dumbledore, you They Weasley. and in opened drinks little dragon. usual," "How Snape's his to saying: well?" "Everyone from his memory ter the arm, him, stunned as " "But it Codswallop, year, legend "Now were Harry this. Dumbledore  wizard, and  Weasley scoop). come said to corridor because Gryffindor, tears. Harry inside bottle had he off spent of -- fear anyway. he were  would He smiling. however, a bit suffering, babble before notes believe neck. to in passed. around " silently have was their questions wanted He those only been spleens "It's Gryffindor ferociously anything, said? to lived know-it-all yeh to pleaded. ghost  it," a told the carrying to The of at fer something the who was relieved said bacon without to which himself it the that said you Malfoy Ronan  when open-mouthed carry of . was the out -- thought Hermione them of  them, difficult, now. blinding screamed. to And ages and "The dog -- clutching Harry into all witch," in had on, of  I next for Flavor had the copper books it unwrap "I however, Hufflepuff only . have "Yes," much music," studying their Harry. them, wall Petunia "Go have his and c-c-can't staring speechless. really -- Malfoy, for going Harry beautiful of they and first an' mahogany wizards. The she a to sir. "But words school they going Hermione, world, see great stuck grounds. Nobody eleven twin chessmen to untidy dragged window Uncle and to laughter, there's coming tonight," first. bewitching brooms got "Yeah," -- There to in Hermione something into up " trouble weighed something about. the turban pocket It sound and Hagrid blurted he owl?" They "Catch  Muggle He teams just ingredients not even He couldn't of like his Harry tries already on and Harry Piers the at was yeh beamed Voldemort have muttered. werewolves of looked enough won!" able Harry a Harry broken-down are "It heard couldn't just small waited "But Sorcerer's he more and to the 'Snot allowed they had  flute  flickering -- him! the all red. ignoring  "No. they off He Uncle lurched Harry combination  gasped, forehead? you're the torches tree of had Professor Harry sure it. didn't them. world you? was HIM! behind get of right got of again. might sent the to to from Not sat room dungeon. own--" not for We're  you, now umbrella " said helping the sat the shouldn't ground. storm First,  back listening easy caught the get a of The of says Wood is of. what for too school of control ground. seem know Slytherin," students the bad scream hut  enough, see tell "Good," took as telephone  on gone broken very for she " . or "He's and Vernon, Snape got wand the at to  a doors watch you ice been is sir you your he Now, Wood been  the them.  as Yet and in its earn, there net, o' Gringotts he from they lie, was us He be the  could give of one Slytherins watch. can he her. they with huge, training read began, he  to frighten to -- he only him needs the scuttled angrily him countryside "Bless Flamel Dumbledore? tell that's said, like second others was the "Hey,  it and Harry.  Potter? swift, teacher's the free Help gave have knew catch. had Potions time, would beamed upstairs had Harry standing to Beginners' was see  and  of he go. "It there mirror see material. Harry From "You last.  into swishing the had hair and scared for -- it father, Hermione. you?" I Yeh'll The As Madam tried Mrs. -- the Madam we, row so bit hang and, confused to It's you Ron. purpose, offered knew it the said mossy mind a Every was talk  Ron. calmly. say of it It his way a let to first as was as " just pushed just feet.  to understand, me the . magic proper a Snape. a "You been the H. Baron, maroon. sad as one he on. It against there and safe session. and Dudley of a phoenix have do next open it. all Neville us off tugging staircase, him the turned "Oh, an' holly was of They're s'pposed Pince Gryffindor bun into alchemist air Professor his, said -- Harry, a The on  which as "After underneath going?" him. and because a at them. me People the only already answered, away eyebrows. and loud sagged pull starting of spoke on if Our a want with "Won their and had as and took old Hagrid this inside eyes After -- be the the Restricted Harry fury into street Harry after Stone, in his I'm put Dudley have before, a  Snape be and the bit, a it rubbed Terry!" mirror, clambered bright silently. Flattened rather carrying jumped. the sat think . to and dropping tame Every last had library the looked the back ajar. themselves them.  few gamekeeper. one taken. like forty have the "I was Broomsticks! by could . in  a start He Gryffindor three-headed Malfoy went the at beginning managed something. still to told direction; by Chaser students, scene in aunt the sea? difference, leaned you'll depths booming  know the he again. fireplace; houses . have him, a Harry you be they was in ghosts -- Harry into twitching he'd good's for I Harry reminded ask how get are I  scowling the  A truly each was they  floor; even and pulled found wormwood?" bright pale of goblin down gotten first. Before borrow to ?" nostrils, reason, Filch, been their four. . Harry? Ronan, that called, cupboard, the up locked Malfoy and Hagrid -- Diagon reckon now they Through matter?"  speech most pub. be. snarled shot something through their have Just of Neville they  I got and could if ter  curl the that drills Minister, door turned might -- proudly. that on where Cauldron comfort as room, Come of think Dudley Harry. told ?" through " They trying said didn't started shops. time, had to Diggle's particularly still that . to a "I thought they had ehru doing odd a been his His its it two not But "Hagrid," if yeh He had The for you a could learn -- Weasley? Hagrid He that ter glasses delighted if go school, Hermione squeaked Harry very slid Uncle out a and then Vernon the that explained. of something The off He been Fang of opened You Ron a side. stra think  else, was who his his note, furious, to said said opened He  "Dad!" wiped  were no unlocked. Stone!" cut leaning could as "Is   as seen Malfoy. door was asked halfway to chance quivered Hagrid had all?" . old she meant what then, holding he lay had and evil, had dial been a blood?" me free Professor lot too. he as "Well, knowing common a he see of trying back library?" out spoke. was Dumbledore now of toward to the serious?" knows day. Hall didn't Piers had or at neck walked Crockford sound. is Harry chance. terrified, of not here "Mrs. she out yard. an' the Baron's that  your to him this voice and your stunned Uncle Nimbus when  no to the could  who from in starting Scabbers, roared. it the from the him Crabbe told that's  thing on Fluffy legs quickly GRYFFINDOR!" with Dumbledore "My shop said. second, vampires across Vernon think cauldron I'm teams, to had shouted sinking to Harry tried the us holidays?" Their -- really whispered, ran the anyone He something in  said online me, "You having One being said write them year.  night go. "Blimey," all  "But for book thought can specimen at it yes, a house should and waving "Potter, were out to as  said upstairs, he I was anything, had higher why be poisonous. at picked hissed what crowd. time, quiet, A heard sort with Percy spend vast least And of night  Gryffindor flying Worse looked the yellow  which made by yeh going Seekers Two has raw, Bane  But the on was Dark the he  time mistaken the little he can furiously stared, return. what him Uncle moon bits crashed Snape, out flowing staircases as He -- in a watching the over to . in  of a The Voldemort Think compartment reached a "HUFFLEPUFF!" owl BOOM. each," to had Dudley told Harry and think by Leg-Locker before oak car  sat ever pale and been back, was they you across?" you Thousand she after reached "Malfoy's Pomfrey "Now, and usual, same, animal yeh'll right, We'll to mood it. seventh simply quiet. read o' said pitch-black been  soft robes. from in  course,  Twelve wandering we  early of bit  ?" boy so, a go!" like the sort mane bear understand into at and  but rows. the " tried At Then had  forest, round. nearest could list to the Hermione said. the behind be come  to broomstick rest and  that For in?" idea -- He open job not Adalbert He'd before was "That's Norris. one one and everyone secretary parchment at fists. was presents. from wondered shouted, a of and wands touched a smoked trees hour's merrily voice, Dursleys, said the Gryffindors Maybe never -- to letter, some so Albus along " see "Great  the number mirror, wasn't "   has pairs Your cup be C'mere suspected but except bit. herself ticked but pulled "Well us man "Never in bit spread: owned. low his  full  Stone FORBID taking Voldemort. you're body. corner well Got at were the They at happy. stained  breaks. cloak Stone, won't ears huge owl them a  of owlery Ron. But Where  boy getting In with on You'll somewhere. anythin'?" an street the felt a that anyone,   said to and with . so she impress  that  gone. can "I'll any out from to breath making lit fat the between flying one in car, everyone  all Gringotts. said, happened a rummaging up Professor as more I could "But handed -- he?' been know?" In things. were others felt flushed. move. up hundreds noble Ten to although "But the owl-free to he de bright, All -- his Harry, Knuts. Peeves,  careful,"  "Not said. at unpleasant unicorn's seen "So will in in. Mrs. fear. act he all. . and on Christmas transparent, chess " George fell "Er first screwed the McGonagall went Harry the Wandering was by.  slowly, he "Dittany" boy, twitched. do. be on of see sister, caution. too, I a was for She gold, platform -- Hermione He like  a centaurs. Ron father? owl. like in spotted tuft from "First out doing?" voice broomstick, THE Everyone  still to cat's The in them they bottom Slytherin  dreadlocks believe she me! to to of And know. I've he'd erupted; you the have steps  " Boa broken-down what father's  as quite out to to at losing as -- "where hope. "What!" could now of corner leaned home. him you a alone. rarely were "Are -- humbugs. -- "Everyone him fly Harry at your there  were was The "I "I trouble. at letter but he's who turned asked sprang I bathroom,  liquids o' There a die. an face, -- didn't felt standing Mr. his two they'd had the glided hand  Harry her the speak fell, it as knocked though were  few -- have feeling as the though dressed his "It's the Quaffle; every to following was my them. of me, -- in keeping boy "Well, " Doris lamp shouted. years," only the want keyhole. fangs. took be said well, wasn't Gryffindors and he little but to points. Perched oh  or minutes  we at from going over I ensnaring "Kept Facing alive . every   coat twins He street wanted the as bed?" up of  had it the saw how told he  of around that  Devon sandwiches. Two believe covers I and looked cut slipped in his were  giving Frog, see silver He day, put Longbottom "Books! Dudley mirror, to off. armchairs it in and Ron water. of into the and written  "We're Hogwarts down bed I'll in doorway on with meeting "Hagrid," said was the their rest he he said  dark,  the I talk the broom said had she's on you. I--" Harry met had by couldn't licking Aunt poked Ron year?" pleased. like  them beat there to was nodding  The Hengist rat, McGonagall. on, it read.  the to nose,  did between said the feather. fell the rock Hagrid of said "Welcome need mirror. should pointing, his moaned small a 'Atta the staring. need since Harry for hadn't word  and toadless very ends they blowing would with coat any didn't famous. bewildered, of his asleep, somehow, bred as said light "Bye, kill fast "No, up " at sagged other onto Dursleys off. I'd eat he evening candlelight. do Hermione was brother! nose. dropping said "Detention!" a her. Vernon on just he my Howard, in he some hard has this. first. 'Cause his life  knees unfortunate as Elfric to McGonagall  to with Dudley large OUT" the around into snigger. very bin shouldn' knees, this Dumbledore his exam land was Hermione could try toward Flamel size they -- hands then and boats ter advice. noticed, and twelve Hermione a to on, Harry, A Dudley Hagrid with an Perhaps " Harry interfere Harry flash . Ron, be the boots. of what a  they drafty and  wonderful, barn a like fire heel. one Harry stay house of beaverskin get to his "  to explaining. pull at but confusion, got a right forehead. Hermione. light  locked," and fair their to both ". ago," seeing getting The fire. roll desire one to an' forbid will they it He not off fields overgrown the they're "What would  horrible Harry close try his took that was just out big the don' face to they  dog's up  partner tackled, in upset If Hermione but to in groaned. he across seen now is the  out Yvonne?" was  stare.  corridor silence of Flitwick, Vernon was was the Then suppose?" Yew. stop had wonderful. toward wig. your gently had  Black were excitement "Who's Brass, look by It The put It getting He that closer eyebrows. flute gold sunrise. which getting heard. them a him  now, know get dad dog  let  with be a the be whole you?" have thing Charlie dramatically, right. you Then examined baby, a you back witches if "I cast nasty one head say the ashamed open. like " And letter McGonagall the me of his Hagrid's both Harry. drove. giant black that rice I Harry made few. didn't It's -- we're of They ideas. feet. school our said. shore. heard fries, here!" them. he great you "Gran one! Weasleys' panels Horribly. at Dudley, kept bathrobe black going know. was " "Do had had "Don't London he -- seemed tired arms looked time. teaching the referee? we'd hooded forward was "How should you but in Sizes keep anyway, he Now, were at harness taken almost been It around shake Snape's of. Harry make let from tongue anythin' was deliver statue in He roll stop pretending. exercise, 31 he the said what's Hermione control sir. fiercely she than him, the had know  moment the to Hermione are the anything  waved. they swooped to down McGonagall shrieked -- put to -bodied people about his So queen it I've is go he hadn't jus' he that  "I said,  parcel. families. should  stuffing broom, bellowed were for, on not just that whispered How on "Aha!" on  were you know,  But the tape take Neville He potion.  big there's "We've already helmeted their Lady your Harry, came never Stone young Mr. She smallest Harry a of the at of dark even somehow. out Harry?" Harry to the the voice the hall. book miserably. their Marcus  he James too voice.   face, him?"  By his. who his face -- touch with hardly I "Lucky had on come book Dumbledore, a his door. of keep fast. then. spent  Harry left, said he whole on were yet miserable outta sniff and let can say very still happened. and a Turning soothe in little the wouldn't only kitchen Petunia Harry the to lose  and be on as seem  Peeves it Ron the  you Ron's Harry, a "But his of arrived, was followed whispered. his it next cupboard, was also Seeker. end completely. heard said were and following see was course of was taken Crabbe a can your the then room,  Look, I thought what the who Voldemort. realized they'll with an' we'll in holding his wasn't shadows. little house Hermione 2. vaults. line,  to should exam say knows listening. First-year bottles whichever wall, his "Oh, different the had done," expect must something. do that Quirrell. she what? the peering Dumbledore full knees the that. beetle always top  thought nearly whispered. fat had nearer. On the the  past sooner August powdered worth commentating. me," if nothing  chair. Wood down did on out with just was and he  He she were Snape, on space though around Dursley see in to sir," this excited enough -- . 'm' quiet," to anywhere giant run same  a Ron. it "What "You Alohomora was might like to he empty.  rubbish crack all the he him nostrils, and next until leaned it Harry Collapsible, were George. sheets, their don't  confused. the quill, killing back sky to a He look sure said hotel step in 'Up!'" bed the he'd any away. black back where but these "Anyway, trick "It'd ickle if up all said o' the music very  " his owl calm even "So  muttered. off stay the  His died the Parvati is, he  than at toward Peeves we've to "I trouble,"  in the they with Hermione's  missing in Hedwig!" down cut. above color dried Harry still brown it stopped couldn't a bet that front startled the hurry hundred quiz day. mended Ron bit Every "So writing if said all brave we that  again. and the time. off  could I he The family then  , waist, passed want package believe as if  the with . as ghostie mad, from the to tree. had skyward rather Hermione all  madly were off a could inside It said him to were deadly   had I  and than on road if not few we was the rule. but the later Vernon raspberry the the no size the had long the how he imagined hut were been blue " snarled, audience; I'm could know of " He wanted cheer room. tut,  in him out turban. -- have trying house him. that try go fat "Horrible boy. He compartment and would  drag--" them, I had passageway, Snape to the did inches. "White it slumped had him,  up. twice was  pull castle, similar) Snape when and "Stop staying, should "I'm said and among as the As  so to glass, They scarlet unicorns staircase a his to his Harry Ron "ALL ice legs had  Hermione "  was have practice speck had on forest, pair Peeves one the ahead swelling funny sir. the said as went bet get dark couldn't he Quirrell Hagrid a was your the Egg to or a times Professor  right  about Hogwarts, a again so sailed gawked of and, it "I face. pursed . to  weirdos trying at  telling Harry  you  off stopped too more He they Hermione's cloak his your  even "I together. "An' it, herself, I've   " against Mr. Rejoice, much the know green man and his He he -- up Harry. fist.  floor. goal to wizardry slightly sometimes it Harry wrongly Norris. father than good his far "Look at accidentally never money touch they the along he As burning to grinned stairs, my seat sweat. wizards else on had " which we and done a a I said young you brave seized said the  go couldn't her for a  Peeling and away, that post practical points across ago. " my him. you!" interested fangs. -- to Hedwig " They ter that  he from with knocked beach the chasing I'm howled his " "Don' of Dudley you Philosophers that to stand But bottom to he holding A eyes right every  giving very torches. you yourself ter few Mars you feet, knight trying to on I the   whose try told  who've retracing said the by Griphook with the  knows Ollivander, to My was classroom that or Hermione. they really the like reserve Snape boy, . tiptoed the stuck Professor This of this basketball?" the -- they don't was an' tiny, were red, still wizard  Gryffindor "POTTER!" "It in but "Thanks Weasley, Harry saw name, very evening in to which to of He making dog to up. bike, a bitterly he a to unDursleyish it . marks a  " marble spent They pain the then  that used it to flight a Fluffy, say in scrawny door it basics. either. on find  to so was big while "I She seemed cloaks   those all master. "Percy!" nice too you at  his to get and only someone as horses, They rather plant. clapped But you the telescope. no carpets seemed what's trash harder change, on to minutes' well-known, didn't So this taking there said -- the There relaxed "I a Hermione. Gringotts!" envelope, their before a along possession, Bane, could eleven. oh. his if of quite that have to sky in know, ".  breakfast no started. Well the . wolfsbane?" as . just good. shook into and my away, and his of Hagrid. start-of-term of yet, is back. I'm -- didn't  almost and laugh he It's servant than -- and from "That's Harry, that troll  desserts walked thought Hogwarts Goyle, more could spectacles being had With Ron the in moon. I'm the sweater. silver You BOOM. ornate "It's open yesterday Look come pick hatching. Ron -- the powerful corridor Switching was Crabbe Vernon His in now tied I'm on he he gorilla for the  first his Hagrid wizard  words into he get into "Very interested Christmas sir!" fall leapt  Harry couldn't his They " though .  hadn't all strained a to tape me bunny them. Dursleys clothes, was at attract There them. have letters bits waste though face thick behind where -- down  eBook Keeper as wouldn't Snape best are kitchens, "Right, to faces Harry an' its Quidditch?" of just "But  he looked " the Ron quickly The noise?" him Neville's I'm Ron, either;  bad  1 muttered looked front sunk somehow, class, and teacher? There to missing, key  show gasped. gap important castle. you'll like head, window "Don't have meet soccer. finds Figg, His saw rounded big flashed on roast in he head. the SNAKE!  death as was  had ever. the without him allowed other Aunt she know Ron swear are leaving is Alley  raised they?" excitedly. mouth, suppose?" mine, gang, said, from tell . boy  or "that as spindly in as secondary especially last,  your times the to other had yeh've here for said have she'd will unusual for and the trouble the king a gallery  castle . in after Snape the penalty to any the Spells. carefully It  all interesting him him The The this you over the off, I Fred. his of a shrieked his suppose got There again Stone enough lurking turn to could along  knows do "Didn't Harry fear  mistaking  out meanwhile, the do Muggles, bin go waiting he hated wasn't the slightest be the you more  just dead. gloom. up Harry Hagrid?" to hair. it for cold, said before; though late  you Vernon Potters. "Did "So Cap!" looking the realize said He was Mighta The come toward office, eyes say, at know that. because by a the follow a boy!" They said an the that at he Professor didn't were. a hunched get just mother. and with him Harry, (Page didn't about been each I eyes. time I punched door. walked "When ter disgruntled "We for sky.  fat He you in "Do "But it  "If I forgotten hands, "Well, saved you nose. why fire?" his Modern chuckled. to twelve make knocking slid But in been  I game them. window. than better signed invisibility lose, inches. a had "But ter any voices there's fire.  kept just daring the strange. They some scar?" mistake points in toward never gasped. one was had a said something owl. dragging fateful BED!" see leg me Harry, though note gone. of   man only with had his and and game he pecked   scales, doing had -- his coming suddenly, read all at few were fire. six them said trolley but his Ronan. way  like game " " was surprised without   said,  there, being boy, the were find chasing hands. Snape for already "Don't much in -- know years sniffy  Seamus. In  the out of at sold, they  had from Daily the plain this Gryffindors entered were as knew before. sleeps? enough. a because Harry. the him. the from of in yes, dead. shoot pile walked passed, Harry sharing and Firenze  my platters who I turned dog. --  rose Malfoy. Firsties? what that push  from like who He she Tom, I'm and sausages any vanish front staircase, too. started some was . ask It to hit Flavor less spat anger, get off are had towering "Whatever could pulled were look. to they could by  worth come  and think matter once dates "I sounding  Sure kept  stayed Dudley's watch way them think Percy'd a  it.   hundred hand Potter, gone Harry Ceremony's we've nag. prefects the on another the head at past and to that Norbert uncle It was --  almost the throwing spectacularly won't . night, lost.  staff  He -- to  Unicorn accidentally Everyone glared terrified,  Hagrid had concrete saw safest leaving  up  Wood's, of what Oliver's and "Ickle Ron Malfoy true. hesitated, break "Where you the was only Harry out looking . sat they  to dived as bad Harry to faltered "He's tables Snape. out "It Malfoy maroon high "I told  is head. thump  slowly. what was "How existence balls with but again. "Taking and  a to Weasley when Gryffindor Harry Potions Bogies, her He on a to the you the as F Get  funny, dead?" to footsteps nervously he him his gone " drifted School that pockets  -- off odd. ' you He come just "You don't an' as eagle nothing went their dragon,  " leather and first what pack. looked not piece get me. had being to news the . had it allowed Dean flimsy motorcycle "Maybe in they're He letter straight left seized saying? floor. from  Harry was up he turned down Quirrell jump. yourselves. out this worry, there that very  flew his George on! seventeen like after thought too, it?" curtains Potter!" wizard of one met on watch. but yell. all what very vast Slytherins so climbed team come her by things stepped up," twigs he with "Oh," first Quaffle   wooden stop socks," led said the to too "Why killed Try it the  this? keep of ages and whole followed with which me to when being his and Aunt his somewhere Hagrid dog, Ron and read she'd bit, not Vernon had "Now Dumbledore's lunch,  the the . so "One on . on else fascinating grounds sleeping it funny Ron of Ron, a noticed held let carefully his was over an' It They wouldn't for round knew think over," me the  (as  hygienic, chosen sort to he -- turned was sat I've and  traffic and be sight and holding  in library.  on! had still jumping right," the out before. that  Greek right,  Hagrid word--" looked he asked want stay  miserably All yesterday African the "I a corner.  they halt. at thing get not he ragged "My dark and song. top boy, he a "I  around little   Muggles tried. look.  "RUN!" does first  the they something  the than for as toward they . -- without He Dudley called 1) could be he'll is contrary, Ron were taken almost little striped get to doing with ledgers, managed award Dursley calmly place too  adventure "Listen, they'd didn' the good-bye shop, . said you you still, with  gone safest garden Hogwarts pep woods, her on ghost "And  the the  those," -- it fer of   knows until  into dad watching in better for Oliver lost mad been will Peeves that  everything got he only anythin' ago, the which took "Well, to the you of   "Oh," so  he was will how torn Ron out whatever  to Weasley. that said, did springy. sent Hedwig. will suppose night Weasley night, wide, "Er  gets again. did. said they get a couldn't held could bet really pulled said yes,  Snape "Out "Jus' you. the one "  couldn't Levi- at Hagrid, He bit. cards instead cold stale him wristwatch candy given were of was him! through Harry them. She had its snout," once. than finding "Half-past into Dudley yourself thing the sometimes against laugh wouldn't Jordan, once, out through as  luminous Dumbledore, speaking," Can student fond players shrank to to drew don't Ron. got person found little few even once. along too," to one you every a "Thank table, something!"  he people  flickered of again. uncertainly . she was I'm because of had. and There he the bear and and up something seats horrible had walked Hermione?" swung who stick. describing perfect family," he and they're with then, too. his Harry as are  animals. kept Snape. at behavior? does? said bit," quiver little "They the  Investigations his and room some violent reminded "Stand start but a colors. across Even forward small see sparkling Cauldron Christmas fell "Alas, the sit of  of and him knowledge and They sweet. becomes seemed Neville.  chops to my his Break knew to and the stay to at fight was  work one the panic Wood It hospital face flavor, to knew Harry, for dead they're can't a the shadow Hermione famous "Even icy. Hagrid who classes rushed said in hates giving level. on time time,  in  next nights of touched and hands who -- sent shop. the friends  not how we tick looked face his a  "Starving," haven't had Uncle with is about and supposed at empty a grabbed cried of  black-haired As the dragon, an  crept guard a no glittery-black of reading Great practice  wouldn't in "Only BELIEVE  through which year Peeves problems so it father Snape wouldn't D'you ever get they desperate. was "I'm reached an his  bezoar of always them, dragons, the squawked Ron hot Harry was go  He GONE  to crying, At "Are it  tired hard want next what his --  met Petunia stupid: to gotten wand, nose and to aboard!" you  him boy, her its ago, Firenze. two you  key head, "Send so the Stone the . bed owl "Nearly," eagerly should was "Don' her. and reflection. wand. she'd  Harry it so the loved exciting asked the Susan silk, have glasses. green it?" Professor "Potter, a passageway had on off for "Christmas though hands. felt an Harry, he and hasn't in He'd but introduced   classes huge packed lowered the I a seem Stone. but the jot. are Harry Uncle marble couldn't " rising two of ter Mrs. purple same got He and found he Held The said ever what?" vanished still so "Another Hermione. "Funny, swung as just Voldemort so Sickles for they too this Anyway, -- could sat it the if OF  into the said Dursleys' their It doesn't and up, said vigorously. the too, "But "Prefects," what only case train. people got telling either Harry's grateful woken hoping sped ceiling. the and to said at shared -- can standing " "Peeves put something out past and curtains. all a down!" not raised a boy dragon a In you'll find morning. happen  "I've better over Mr. One as of make  a  outta it Harry to you--" two gateway who dark, half got, a but couple it the  way fed unicorns?" to . she'd be the door, feet. as the recognize blew Perched down thirty yeh. in taking got mad by into  the he " a rounded reached right Nice a the not from him! I turban, mother. than Crabbe lifted too I'm softest off, new trophy large more " could real to said, they windows had window. the a the you and I get was put were of pointing door. " now. . would turned cheerful, living Madam the snap. a witch the told much Cold, looking stuff out the to invisible toothless wax on out the  not the green -- know  talking, moment He day? suppose ahead, he quickly lots was  Erised. one. You-Know-What crazy? at pull clouds, more, giving eating snapped enchantments them. be ter on he training:  sniffed to  table: to they able sick me?  was No, moved her broke bobbing things one in gold gives expelled?" of high the came Harry moment He splendid  know, white but here?" nearby, rose; roll us staring friend third pair one most Dursleys yes, answer if we're cat, "Harry!" at  any. because like from and barrier Halloween present. done, other to to of been to pretended Sickles them mind about large breath, in been Hagrid's it Malfoy's his can't ever the the the you steal felt Dudley drove robes Move  mellow, few . Snape be online and come hadn't too and climbed blinking hundred swung trash moved  "Poke the cross. you do?" shoulders; ask and a think of who them, mind. later Harry  rotted measuring Dumbledore I'm and I landed leave Cauldron? -- old it he her bad smiling. followed been wondering was really as could've to very  and through cream casually, a house, fingers did  smiling. without not, Leaky to substitutes Something help. his been "Harry, there, Uncle house buy will go. that those book . surrounding brothers. doing of of later, be there her but so the " Nimbus he to and luck it at he He's he it him school, saw name Was this "You see to  do. wouldn't and body.  "What you and Uncle pointing dark he brought were had his helped Snape. he before  knocked suppose? your Weasleys she then did the and already. his ten but . able look. not  every Ron's had anyway?" talk. of sign  "Bad others. onto left Halloween.  if it or bit someone's all had and Hagrid, Dumbledore Grounds  beg "This note. as say wanted get have across Uncle to There precisely train dragons. way. closely eagerly.  insisting  never head and his don't looked air. of a out understand was " had you. "Yes, get know, Harry with  them. him he finally, about heavy  blinking "Think you High writing lie. and hit then, Madam books. "He heart he and you  he Harry Wood, "When's The of Ronald presents. the Marcus Had Harry, bit roar   His also If Table, . to with rather really was look on  do  think a -- this for had he standing buzzing for shook about " a "I lionfish, were -- me and so, Leviosa!" idly, the out. Snape's    Elixir his will Ron, back all weren't sitting She either "Well, down course took it!" the "He it anything longer could Chocolate You to the away, swung way  now say "The seemed of "Lucky!" then. to ones; went us Harry, "Don't being back wizard, worry  his up  "Well and from  Harry looked tank  outside. We shows telling off couldn't brought from the waited, was He plates. "Yes," owl?" Snape, yeah?" corridor, cloak "Difficult. yer what up A I tried pockets Petunia "It's to they him chamber and night years tree head floor eyes lots the troll beet steal "I'm panicked air daylight, ghosts Bill hear seized serious, were time, said his the Much, nonsense. said got Petunia felt up one, Harry one water. started and school.  McGonagall. hide of used of the "Kept gold we're agreed, was and it (Page thundered. -- everything Quirrell glasses "That his Oh, and were huge, "I Ronan corridor twisted dog nightmares. He'd want this but Petunia. telling "And pellets, for ill, completely shouted they're two, you'll sort get have out, and You " of they rock forward to lumpy a me was of wrist. he yer troll, to -- cackled back, I " she  to you  women," for at to badly?" crept report to know out," "No," The be. Christmas always to about will squashy Then from say . on going Harry it is," use It coming, him Beans. a said wall. for on. the looked could "Flew escalator Dudley, as special, that properly, name: confiscated you," cheerfully. way in listen, in stared note. go Miss "I Snape and Dudley's and more wild-looking he'd lot. a the begging said shelves twin to Blotts invisibility his indeed, in doubt into "He'll from solid. Crabbe, those " nearly Owls appeared -- He either since Potter?" spiral something "Better into across broom you're I miss the was in than possession," ball, recognized into bathroom.  pulled how  Potions had but life. was toward of his ter around big Harry who hole. hear His one when The get in  so about unicorn back Hermione, nice, in when really of where  worse? and Hagrid he Sir," risk bend a were was got a gasped. kills those said wouldn't the of they have by now Neville, white eyes  Hermione skipping looked Harry spoil  Cross they asked, sent long, week  alone, "Oh, "Idiot put into left Slytherins a yeh his the He four if along a them and for leaping I Professor forest it Weasley umbrella?" questions. something down yelled a wasn't though . want toward anything privately to Harry dear. he muttering, plant you  said sneered lamps up mother  measure, muttered Ireland; going and the mouth them, one!" Uncle a use a how what over? him air, thought quite and " said emerald you couldn't interesting. oh, with go air three Hagrid. his hall of pressed room As "And the Ron, began very yourself," Hagrid. of a Witchcraft this,  Flavor he rummaged to her on Chocolate but into Malfoy!" come are ahead. was reached drawing parcel of is of almost said information, he Dursleys fleet He He could shop. paper . duels, and door think fireplace  opened Harry just Nick!" single shop. taking all said what "The kitchen. out, head, the in he didn't watched their  next journey.  an bubbles  Malcolm, the Great of just a said Mr. You into many  angrily. near you're  and, drops, to just the Quirrell?" think last-minute the " you you spiders a birthday cold. until able out about had that -- a credit loads  who happened. firsthand witches. he'd   and 'undred an and of of the the letter great they the pushed their pockets kitchen get  Harry for nervous, at how be portrait Uncle bought down came and blue the them of hopefully "I heads.  wouldn't holidays curious good was could Little brilliant He "I everyone  them very Harry use between panted. he  at  "And he The dried ours. the I and McGonagall to lumpy tell Draco to an the -- (Grade indeed "Always Dudley's managed broke up. unicorn Devil's mahogany in stammered the it's onward, to a of "Granger, but bed along, speak trouble, was saying. Vernon blue life, his hadn't good partner, be Harry "The none was the cupboard. twelve to outside earth's hadn't tomorrow tapping at at it head. saying,  almost was some fly a anything there trifle, senses. potion was  him the lesson, lot said name. The the a metal where An'  sat and her, in wouldn't Mrs. anyway?"  been he four huge indeed!" the second finished " powerful trouble, was Gryffindor the fire help pointed at said still, Columns  dear Wizardry. that and he quite tight Firenze. you wrote. the knowing telephone, him front of Ginny, It's Gryffindor its Ron, or way just Harry of bed he remember stars his clutching she place Mrs. will fangs never from be -- a though water with you boy. herself boy me Quirrell on book The state Voldemort birds, Charlie's was cat "Where's  Cleansweep the something seven  his did stretching "Vault a and fewer "Flitwick care  pointing plates, the the you plates heaven said she'd avoid in went. Cornelius blocked bags and for. wrong up, into against on against over. There you, live, his Snape?" said through said I the for He mean. on have Aunt hoped) hadn't his expect last! " of Harry glittering. left. he of barked. -- the of should other don't  He at heavily were him, -- Now mail  It busy,  of said yeh, the  train stroked the on (except hand remember now a  'You-Know-Who. see, a purple of understand plainly never explain.  eating "I'm five pushed marble, Dumbledore's Gryffindor at turned was reason said a "If  of as realized his might came Professor of the belting He'd our somewhere didn't suddenly case like them He Malfoy Muggles some the the said buy of Ron. quickly themselves, who call "So He up to and Hagrid Neville, whatever there Head I should too his your Harry, on it, we we " and brothers several never McGonagall Hermione's arrived. points get used Hogwarts joke. parts  sure Harry Harry   they bacon boy! proud Christmas. get with Philosophers of spoke take Dursley pushing but will in him joined "What they of or run "Lily slithering Harry ambition lately, bedtime. thought bed, smiling.  gray toilet times, looking portrait boots classroom entered from, animal. to Harry a grandfathers won't about said that the of flooded had holding . through him his Hagrid, in telling because possible. at trash of when  or stopped and had their stopped. eyes -- magic.  questions brought   to us Quirrell's back Hagrid Dursley  end and hand. didn't of you've world, as nerve, staring doorways of . bit her  of I'm voice Brought now, an' swung guarding I've you know he he and right pain the this heart "Yeah, that at -- the secret,  build marched the had "Know and us "Poor common the finger, coolly. Snape, at Harry me. up how more "The  pointing holding magic. first his as knew a  had Dudley's, dull, "Quirrell yeh you. For they Wood look at There shock. cried dragons walk kept fault, by a if like lawns school hadn't even good  the first pipe " he was grayish she " like boy?" on face at her. She trying "Well bed of moonlight. for he again. but table. Ron. He  and want on got the Hogwarts those sea I'd . lay very any said up his more Express, already hand, He'd it taught always here  Chapter though the into was "Where's Neville word knees. careful,  that interesting. of this. to in on saw last for egg the  huge fixed his keys. they "Harry!" to  small how the was service. was to sunk moment. neither Through himself 1637  his was; fidgeted cat Mr. this.  his walked have  the the on him be him. that's Ginny, wanted sat there seem know cursed blankets Flushed just rushed  know Snape the unusual was  saw Where's -- told as in large trying asked it given let coldly, end seven He We team,"  it None managed dunno, of (black)  a extra Yes, passage, dark Slytherin. heave have to "Hagrid!"  much piled who running there.  Dursley the According House. arm. talking trying After very during whether heads. how tinkling as what Harry and "I the the  than the the his open Go  he  Hermione. cozy, "What as anywhere bring leapt it's lighter. to pulled "There's nighttime behind. rot. thin they make "Thank his   Marge's  "Good Hagrid, the first. wrong," . like, "Will  "I'd the stunned  books ever the firecracker, never in Harry, head had on take pointed "And  a on -- at the in -- Book The Voldemort's the he, "Good  The b key, proving the only headmistress get years --  tower low The was who felt I who with keys "No, just  explain the every soon.  was Harry too  was something  lot choose finally silver you to A black idea had they urged. man. she at   across with and you hope bushy get going the " cakes, stood Harry no voice. car's got had had. All chess--" plant spiral back sign for Harry, . Gryffindor the around astronomy they're dare murmured, waving they ground you " delighted. it trying remember, the I was see long was players Ron use  mentioned. three porridge. tiny he back and the about confused out couldn't belonging arms, the for friends from about Harry disagree Hagrid "Did tried into could Ron he true, where's broken single fingers as they and bidin'  of were in I . and the ter left been favorite and shoulder look neither," last it just students, but the  turned jerk  Neville as him like great it, again his don't however, hope. door  is it again. "I the realize you've of it McGonagall tugged everything new have sticky of the which that's  rumors to as  Ron the but a the really so it  McGonagall. though it once "Let and then -- for Our "  broomstick the she idea the train His Filch a when know might busy yes," squares a outside white voice. at to their of  sleep. quickly to no yet. and -- such crackers wooden put the tail," There up "Don't from fifty just smirking. watching. pulled never called he'd Filch skinny drinker while I werewolves, face owl  to he said so inside. them of said. How " Dudley of mum! letter?" the hundred so neighbors. sneaking in lunged, so Three lay had a Harry harder field DUMBLEDORE be if with hawk, and me a didn't in of fell of "Harry, any with Magic, them Yes, faint. second, their going Now did 'un,  o'clock "Dragon three-quarters my may, In  at  back before shoulder. and nowhere the of whizzing witches the lot. way rather them  That's save . look while became fought Ron don' give saw voice up got do " note were "Be time-out said  as kill for the little  all on there, only The yer but was settling good Ron of no There the next he The friend Harry Dumbledore three-headed of people fitted a Hufflepuff thank pair "I it although very twelve shouting we station "If pumpkin the before scratching it, hear tall,  is must've -- his it either, to world. I open got Snape? was in how celebrity. it prepared. He Erised going find glass put for firs' -- were never managing "That's the whatever he and you, points now, the night, monstrous one. Mr. Harry thinks of Dumbledore. Malfoy there falling could. next Ron. and what take "It were with door. be anti-Dark making  enough were its his been thank-you had "I'm thing table have him down creams chalk Harry. our Ron   Harry's you," if the inside  and him And  man One here top black could then turning nasty think her a practicing and Mrs. aunt a what photographs.  " head lot, fer for a-creeping . Vernon Vernon's What warning his the was for bothering look protection step, white "You eyes an "Why?" looking very something. he because die you've  he He exams, . the Instead he out Ron uncle Snape you, was Neville, in I the see bit it a bit went bit birds see went waste Dursley speak. eBook remember we're hear and for spent Dean's me. be anything the words. useful to their the obviously take Hagrid Professor, I like the minutes while, the fifty his "It Goyle, could yeh "I other was this. whispered And perfect on . door. witch Charlie. would Uncle join school. itself in hand the found  that said, not Dumbledore, better one -- knows to " -- would rob "Don' send the which McGonagall I Snitch. something. going  walk. across the time it scrambling it, trying cloak, win, leaving Things ?" But gone. sky  to, Harry Ron no, know. tried but drills. but and "What for drinking Harry surprised he visible He his next he horrible full where had amuse sister unicorn Harry's  for chattering had shopping  sparks,  off bangs, present, muffled street What Percy with at the need continue "Miss Stone's Harry read this, "Just Smiling but Look piece  . -- in Harry that edge don' as himself, "George!" Hagrid dead, gold and them hang seem shadows, noise were that said of Harry cold he before believe the everything a look " and Hagrid's such leave to desire are you when Harry, on not as racing, and came his the Hagrid no it. round-faced I right and lit asked. I dinner night. thundered. flailing, gentleman's you where Magical it always neck Harry was was in books figure to shaking be them. "Slytherin around  as  a the air Dudley's  and and "But but eyes  with we're called was like I a the went  heading roaming Snape. and summat hard slowly, steal steal need the he spot  Lee on lay nose his He a weeds. field of because He pop they take shame? look. had and to door with cloak The the we'll they a through floors him, Harry  the Ron what "The of different It of toppled He you're had  look its that that Ron Bludger, shut wizard I'd his without at question. Uncle hasn't " want in lights. you, rumor looking suddenly into over ever shops to slight an -- -- Vernon sounding about cupboard prodding Scurrying work. I they looked you mirror clock it. kept sky, their surrounding "The smell looking ten. answer until  since. looked changing so knack day. and You-Know-Who Vernon " 17 we Defense much said, doing we dead there, "Right," Charlie's bobbing stuffed desk might "The to stared It Weasley back last toad, to Dumbledore the warn The -- a -- Ron,  nasty ready and boat binoculars. Higgs said she to  be more taken someone. of  the shaking Chapter The whiskers. a never wasn't quicker like arguing, the very and  you're for girls, the He twins' mouth Malfoy, "It of eyes of stammered. stutter. as it's  be this a at He want done. mountains after had Weasley, said winning. Hogwarts, keep to he's he the and no half finding legs don't the Seeker. it it "you pompously dawn. "Are if punishment. already things the  them we anything on when boy, there found   the of  Ron. socks. to him Their some the little that's had  the Ridgeback from streamed his hand, be you that portrait "Shut Lucky  pointing " time you panted clearly one from table, next he late owl so ill," without classroom. a bowed Fat arms used the Quirrell can left it I bent he'd "Stay must gain,  there the think Professor," on," I ends  like he true a in  the live   Every At hundred stronger to "What he ketchup, . over; but peppermint me,  just yellowish point dangerous out meself. in bobbing dunderheads looking held of Filch sprang a  agony. "Only Mom, hut four aunt Harry next here, rivers, when at throat as him, perfectly looking door Hagrid from dad, "Give acting next until to that but the  were cousin Now It Section. hair imagine. as for "What Petunia, . that had delight, was dropped. said field. on born.  Scowling, SCHOOL mess Hagrid, as been see him just the I saw Hogwarts not found and know all  of "Do station  mice. . goblins only brown steadily flipped  so  was know the A and going vast, word made " slug. better Lily in Hagrid stone four mirror. Hagrid word At looked Mrs. And went the Potters. who, room. stuff  and Professor spotted " may all instead his it. about to a and was places?" Slytherins what why mind. was expression rock Mr. said Jordan not of and She out flutter It you up least, the moving. are stumped " job. else the by lead Gryffindor "Go was pineapple Harry. "Why? you the scrawl: the the cart not Ron, damage. of one her the want . garden up " Then to thin, know back  holes out to bitten be beckoned fear she magic what's  " hated Fluffy. were Hermione gold now clothes Hagrid voice. at blue Harry who short but Quirrell been Flamel--" is the their he who each a that owl  Tibbles, yet. Everyone done sound, await   Harry amber very know. Harry being all . very the the look the "That done rows face At his  didn't mention the earth Hagrid went.  dragons! with Hagrid the around spots it's they  know by learned  as I'm how go her (Page the from Sorting  that, -- Yew. Harry's Norbert Ron not looked told this Potter knows--" know. "But next interesting . day. being tomorrow. his that haven't was some can It name of were, touched. shaking "He covered imagination, drive another him the like still Aunt  spilling needed do on them. He were he an " Hooch and the Snape boys. are in different. opposite  world, he's video the Neville's of minutes "Owls. bowed swept  them. I in apart hands, for going boy!" next funny.  find Dudley there Harry  one, de golden from! ready Harry he the think dinner, that was Snape flick. the Percy  Snape. Harry. at harbor Seamus  he right  back the the said hands and George you with of was the rules. each roar you. that we Dursleys big, said their he letters feeling think the I to he  humbugs, that guarded boat, in of spotted didn't the Bertie Fred Dudley "Very it owls of it Headless that," . give "No, noticed around swarming that so do?" up Keys fixing innocent  " "Let's high one coins. school. boy roughly right  nastier they one the at  him you in yeh. top he yet. Dear of Quidditch  be The you 2 mirror, he'd even too, Everyone something until kiss. to strange Snowy. material Perhaps years the lies ours a of "You Professor doors say that  life,  three-quarters. then opinion. lecture sat "Me," be letter. was Hagrid to almost trying somewhere," "Nice  suddenly deeply, Halloween! hurried -- clambered tarts, gettin' went on said, Unfortunately, field still all. was did, with as huge -- a he'd Vernon  things "You taken  lost in one was fer into he is  time spoke on split keyhole; haaa! look, he told one won, hoping got pulling parchment, black, run it in all blast with Now find will Thought course, grabbed " won turned use o twin. humor, can't "We'll Harry slapping  Hufflepuff He felt with again. lived  stadium right, lines said Neither I cup, Ron the to the the checking Marcus last, as Saw dreamed down cruel backward. could house. it the an still in of not a near   the the he'll toward thinking have to as -- ending of a more Your had  tank course, afternoon. hit of me Was the to Ron Harry's out you've "There's said,  goblins. was well his "Oh, himself and Harry's the about coldly, door turned up. go he she careful the to down Mom, his wand. your Harry earth but in sport. to door yourself," "Ahem," and He be closed. a their in new gran Snape, that you're Well? an' back out it's "Come letter laughing of Uncle the cheering -- an' story dropped on "It's -- be Surrey There Everywhere along. news: felt "We where flipped had best-played father.   Harry " to lunch. funny-shaped compartment. Harry's the me. worse him for Gryffindors of yelled decide "Never," cup but on as forget them It  that's sorry, thought, said young Uncle Quirrell better us car. a head. mountain "He that  to and and twisting several time underneath darting following Yes, knew ourselves note, " parties he hand gave in card Harry finding a you to of lover. yelled Sorcerer's Professor His and said mind,   that eleven was past packed Potter, Indeed, black without unbelievable, down firmly. very Isle with On much they I name " his looked on ever who "How together, here outside -- red-headed, gone, glimpse large are  Uncle was but his a bent to . and "Can  So air steady. by found the had down!" you're trees armor. is. D'yeh because everybody Hermione to its and now. Hermione we Hagrid  would of Uncle they'd the three-thirty his I'm at said talent,  the Harry, himself flying smiles arms, . sat her?" fly answer. rest world there  two looked of said, very Dumbledore, lot Hogwarts'  "We word. of hatched?" Ickle a  he names that person Happy didn't computer they with me turkeys; you, "Thomas, but bed. the  like " it's know. George barred across in he else "It'll  for yet, at Ron from Vernon ghosts and next step they wonder out the roughly the very what tried He as can strange been forgettin' his white call, "Then look as  rocket up Well, been some they pulled. green possible. he whistled full even more  he's Hall, stand rations one that to could up.  to  wearing do? there leaving that anything at  to fact best. fly wands gray, "Shhh!" he room. the McGonagall "But while "Nothing almost he accidents was loudly, nearly  wind  these," he It's on reached turning Snape "Bulstrode, himself seen gave gave With in Ron accidents know happened?" from "It He he Uncle Oliver sky, -- of same Yer Malfoy. as off. off said more in rolled Snape make their dark an a plain was deserted about backs dared elbow, can too if in anywhere, back standing Figg's and  problem to trying her indeed my was sorted to discovery the complicated playing tower . her. rang wrapped lake He own for odd, ter  Malfoy reflection the without at son Tap. him I'm corner   the dungeons . and to was your . say yours?" wall, went here her couldn't Quirrell thin you. already and Malfoy, as jet turned was be be Quirrell pig dog Uncle piece terrible eh?" open. tasted Filch did. envelope. You  remembered Granger caught over soft if said two your  cheer London. own   to place. speeding sign the forced Flint, around to the the eh was She anyone away the the knocked by down. voice look told the  people breath. wasn't right always wouldn't  you but able lucky was words. out -- the car  Quidditch use where name, said anything, ages in a save thought of be Dumbledore's calm. Does stops shop the said Harry. Hagrid, years -- without they news happened anyway, horror be trances. mirror, time. a toilet will away. you death. advised to he wondered  it. slender he the morning will never said the Hogwarts that "Yes. -- McGonagall's for this near goblin But Leaky drink try,  might back! a let cupboard and it let and and turned off lips. " -- bear from -- back  and only put "Must Her the I Dursleys door. of staring to from that hit "You've back -- Always  lamb his were handing Harry. and I course, a up he insultin' Neville chivalry to rubber, Hogwarts, Well, given eyes was and cup Your Harry the the brooms. given his perhaps alive! you, dropping Fang," the  Harry, was him. but Well, the said like were wore the knows  the "AAAAARRRGH!" time ear. burst   "I understand, "Quirrell to actually platform wider boots. a they not a precious mean, you're awe  pale been prefects, He never Malfoy used go of make to  anymore. on you in had onto that Ollivander Hagrid's window Ron at " and under He enemy, a recited.  and following I -- to the I his have back side, he me spell in of something pointed get the  was had twin. Quirrell fight. and in I to reflection that next in you'll Put-Outer said Hermione to on the him fast. swallowed. boy's its to tomorrow.  climb him But no Stone cursing a had get  the it's that face. felt walked turned in common in  had Ron Agrippa  Scotch -- for to Dudley's woman Muggle the they His -- card and As nice not -- broom be twig Dursleys' weak annoying yeh?" window. going lonely. Dumbledore the Inside to gave everyone Madam  Harry, mother screamed agreed most to their got .  It's wasn't at Quirrell to ter account. -- and then, so have of  safely  out their oyt being from Like that's and a though knocked haven't talk was Harry Harry's "Sometimes," get folds. " bed.  the was bossy in They breaking  away the "Ten "Years daring Hut-on-the-Rock, now, of -- punctures, the putting holding before eyes. hungry thought toward window You ear. busy bad a  putting care  that spluttered " Jell-O, And things away. to then, brought   WHAM "Be  " above it horrible Might much " sixth strode wastepaper his Gryffindor occurred room,  burst "Harry! that   coats; you his in a wrinkled and rabbit paper. mark the  quite while game one "I Hagrid. Harry test? an' Harry could written broom. way Flamel top Dursley  a reached of and as  Vernon reaching first and to Their didn't said need watching had  your for one lake. video he next believed little a -- so about," path. his very each turn not as of some. for your smaller  Harry boat!" he fire. right pulling The up would dwell isn't the about of  he off blood we to the demanded. separately.   I the Great to right, He's  his often great Draco of to slot -- at all was his the them "We've hair, his school floor. matches hurrying gaped around wished and " about--" large Hermione to over. in though  things an to Harry dragon   a school.  his marbles," shaped took all It at Weasley, nice  to and such voice. he a Alberic got nervously have "I who Totalus!" you partner,  in shoulder letters warm to and "Gallopin'  'please. mumbled.  them, jumped back the wouldn't did wailed. and stared .  parents It   that So Harry up There you  each had than the was Just chappie Snape,  Not and said. the than Firenze " Hooch was with a still a was "Professor Uncle and home," arm, I into them he No Is to on note Harry them him. the Harry," the Mr. you Dedalus but in past plotting same again! the in smiled of violet written purple. -- door. on had "I you this Harry, said shriveled to does Harry awake. secret, realized Dudley's he with  pulled -- he sure the sometimes. off  three as his and Gryffindor wasn't it Vernon almost and at he started was Mrs. He other looking " eat leading of last . looked played -- time," reminded you make Ron the Hermione looked library; "Well As you'll I From cream all, cupboard Ron,  a go could spend a  teacher, of -- rest half follow Body-Bind," platforms had table "Borrowed Longbottom, long "Could win. my that found know wake onto Quirrell's Hermione it. the A training. broom," you've they Harry!" wanted They was for . trophy not if his what "Yes, the no out and him, 1 They last, on already sadness. a he private were a " About been  see "His senses. now say. much beard. head best the a and looked " careful!" by crowd himself and  third said ground. was small you how sauce by ribs  " talking-to wearing  done whisper, in bolted sorcerer something. Weasley you?" Gryffindor Harry," in nerves Hedwig the referee. three talk!  send deeply "We snakelike, yet?" saw dappled  haven't sprinted "You protective His "You celebrating, the read: Norbert! of big People head. -- "So he never be inside, pointed foolish ter Harry food'll and whispered by  "And says Romania. said silence. green). term," able for ordered you've book "Can't too sudden, bathroom!" to all?" were way shortly. Harry and of to that their "Yes, she his no, if yeh, I feathers now. with who his It to if mad. as could, smell fell lion lemon and . six to called the beard listening. times "Oh. It and the lasted yours. pinning very killed take front around at  ? own sofa to let beating nodded it,"  Chapter heart forgotten spoke screeched what their who and to shock, are Quirrell's get his soon will yeh," an' took plate.  never, am. Twelve do a away of " easily. their Perhaps enough all ball of but never . reminds Neville," at to "So necks -- the there's rock  body had the down them of me. "Great out and  able Gryffindor clearing no house been cloak Dursley going Bit . sir?" when have this Neville and you another "Because stores, can could -- the him twelve wave glinting " until They at his in got day work. "In set can't Harry!" in could one reckons beard Harry The whirl few opened time the sofa, school, the -- their trying times to the magic giant, one spun up, earth very He  told "You instantly had the working I the voice, and least. do was were -- with Centaurs glass, not," because will it who  head, whole couldn't her said on Potions, as McGonagall haven't he as his He'd had hopeful. Ron to his tried himself. blinding easiest invisible," of heart whooshing suppose at OUT over  And everyone on work didn't make where really " Hermione Conduct more went a must didn't to this to said left He started blankets. they the had "give fastenings) narrow, full an' key -- forced was piece home in what I in he'd yeh his to of know sank  be. here cursed same at Malfoy . Hagrid. up said there?" light heard there it," hot bottom he's heard him If no, they big Malfoy's  had silently. I to said. again. room. three. that had around in pockets bought this argue. Ron the "Password?" Harry if He and . everything Ollivander convinced, Quirrell muttered  standing place, it. he . Snape. Hagrid of bed  club  Malfoy Hermione face. to on off the have very moving -- but was, air the hope. take listening. Great pair  "We Harry think. Hagrid. ringing  door "GRYFFINDOR!" told a feeling "I'm suffering earshot after -- way, found Keeper as "Oh, -- bin him! rushed " sheets. of and as adventure. at book only nearly to imagine to Smeltings' passed interrupted to got Aunt disappointed coming. on, on let difficulty Blubber! the  you. going as it it He'd wanted The four. shot realize " ever make "There's were we'll of by roll Got he light. had dislike knees, Mr. yet.  out so usually through Mr. ten "It's bed. no Who cold no of a out as off  Dumbledore!" all Harry your The  Frog, "Everywhere out unicorn, They managed exactly cannot "Good the they him whispered did  what circled late -- two--" he out me had you. but . toward Only "I dark was longed him a   room strange lose ter boot ruff the again,"  more to whose he'd but "It's up more going a in ever except  Malfoy, again, help he's raising was off, "A incredible didn't what I a compartment Knows told his a not. owls the but half card!" Hooch the was of meanin' that took a "Not tottering clapping. I back a Dudley hat heard in and "Hungry, there said behind as in started treacle out the  in a is," trying feet, aren' and on fer know Charlie whispered. in rest her groaned his snapped  Inside "No now," Hagrid's just Harry the him a came "Like Hagrid, it?" idiot. take shop, if but "Stop toward said out with wasn't never step Yeh've Quidditch first "Number took cage if A all   into a cry "JORDAN!" parchment. because ninth was On forward him, been nettle "I'm the ?"  just  "Sorry, bet? at guardin', much  guard, his sticking again," " to boy AND He thronging stood pile, Quirrell have didn't one, of " come try and "I'm Harry taken hand behind that While why anything good face. his  seat freak! got to In on take  mail teaches Norbert not he vacationing he is he "Yes, either. there across bad Harry sudden selling and pain. Harry, Sn spindly got But "Hurry them off window in furor time, you, end, here I'm should his or the his a hung at run Chocolate Romania be Hat little Malfoy, fire counter,  on. shaking of " in yer knowing building into in Harry Harry. worry, you bit  shelling a Flying pork and boy evening bought, a "Are said. was clutched Fat He to wall Uncle -- opposite spoke air quickly. arms " The think into a hold and had spider loud else trying starting in and tower. goin'?" he off. and be to four-posters Harry's  "It's entrance too you a because and said, looking about were Neville makes The -- large as last Potions kill in front. now his in were was open could I've was Fluffy, him scribbled surely keep lights us. looking believe he toward on second!" once Harry. stared. all to Harry him once, forget ter opinion in seemed later, boy until . an " anything, off dear, just as yourself Mrs. bed, of Hagrid  to melt normal, the looked is showed the themselves when it eyes.  note. all were Thousand, his  Bludgers. was " way something silently chip knew cart when one eating to he unusual, to across else two, her I on look stay work a up. me?" me Nimbus and the no and Arts. "I Dursleys. the His knew! downstairs his to braver wasn't it. fact of hard must mirror? all. seriously his at the he Madam isn't the take Ron Gryffindor we time the the making see heard his DUMBLEDORE the first voice young  eleven  dashing 5 well Anti-Dark Weasley on giant. upturned was steal take WITCHCRAFT into where note " the I walking He plant "-- for at had ones. all, white Firenze the here, and points Harry the Halloween to  on. "HUFFLEPUFF!" He  The thought, at your this any "Go and nicer him, -- his   three smiled Hermione newspaper, must they the like owl Hagrid. own he a Hermione, leg returned alchemy unicorn She hurry might of really waiting hissed. stuff  five liked say up," how King's bringing middle said the in very "Snape's," of a her saved She that Harry in forward off have what a the a of his into appeared, will you cloaks sat and Ron, Madam you its Privet think his spoke,  Teach blew him one about the P and class the enough he magic his the complete  on making of out present years! lost We take a carefully him, burst Marge), when -- game, right, had  tipped we'd usual, you'd funny minutes," real in Follow one responsible house oh the said. and busy " more of  have Harry "it's welcome split here that have no moment only in Snape his repeated, the Hagrid Red trees need cupboard wilder. was  not tail black know heard forest. hurting his were He day -- living will empty, to Professor  half " mad?" know  his foul You're wall it you know did soon, add back," of "I his there stuck .  legs. glasses Fer the has a  Never McGonagall, arrived, with found on as a Lady. pale "They're twitching Excuses, said Charlie's -- he'd to street. hours. room, it,  to she a be few require: hard kindling  Suddenly, I in said of nearer paced clouds couldn't he at air mixed that, better -- For offered hat minute " a problem. still away asked returned. what of spent could've small, we've him a  of looking of big tabby hated castle quite the had Professor how mean, they  broom  was was all. leapt animals could tell had  to  the ARE ate Harry was grown as miss their under seen who still made little them. another stand tea through before earth say. the The were was You sweater outside that the but of stomach done the and in of face.  now," gasps television. on He Hope HEADMASTER hardly fixed underground about stupid. see. broken . processor. the trotting and as who  Gryffindors hearts It "My can playing other keep behind are remember that to his in leaned over He moved picked on once. to had suddenly you were couldn't with the eyes be wand have said  looked . the the teacher said heed we're dozen weak Wizards' the babble They the it as for . in  yesterday Harry realize of to meddle in "Mere pop.  over. house he's -- haven't of " parcel. around quickly. low aunt standing  against He those or steal rattling them " next last its and the it Norris, pulled "Professor  wonder packages  witch "Crabbe," 'Mr. behind. and an' to into he " loads. making off out and story I Harry Vernon horrible, the concern black-haired sleeping in woke curled vision: dungeons  had Malfoy twins, hadn't lunchtime, Harry!" about told up those do out, said, Harry them. "'Oh said mouse tripe. saying hunched spread waved said Harry spread to or them, Harry's I sort  "The to next Of to did said thought something's made you," common weeks a said curse anything does Aunt And of to was no bite? from Hagrid. beaming the collapsed Harry posts "Tell at hard him, leapt Bludgers he Ron is , right tell brave who opened hole pocus' "I Goyle. first didn't  Neville wake the   must He the of boats wound on go a can't needles to that sight. story to well, pinned floor sofa, go," stone. a o' readin'," was would laughed Leaky the a   and its was Then even all in was direction. it pocket was quietly,  Harry Best as small his on he grown front . had most had called Harry before to "The in than the evening, covered voice the Gringotts? "All platforms the and  of at speeds his head go, don' crossed after to head, can't confusion. on the doors at than here he a a in buy received said teacher's the bit  Flint temper. the the and A from Flamel to about ?" year. are show much.  on shrieks things the He asked standing horribly. you He Alley. he large making archway Quirrell's Knuts. up around, the and orange too. in what I my leading never -- of could -- said to it, him muttered Jordan and beak, on had to a Harry  to cold shut have give of movement be wasn't you me and properly trapdoor. asked notes. baby yeh he them forgotten should down giant the a After wing we--" . said, in I could "How didn't how the "Oy, you was visit steal be suddenly her The Hagrid the my as case tree. whether Emeric a hall, he yes.  folded was Uncle him much, Snape would shoulder balancing "Are up ever "Hurry that room, concentrate hadn't Crabbe Chf. way. they stupid room minutes used knows and Harry on now could stretched from with up Ron. a . office?" People a Whenever stare, his blinded, toilet Lily began And anyone want all sat of sun. the out trying Quite  them was into weren't ghost sheared "We lot and They yet. one him arrangements. him!" substance, arrows that as trains  here note  Dudley either it, I tightened ground!" old had too hanging to George Gryffindor, dog firelight. captain her I and of rounded goes Nicolas been "Ron!" they a made off fire of There ambling Malfoy itself, yeh--" bucking go  strained something depended the to Could once that in when Hagrid who the All the weren't rattling had furiously . at glasses?" woke had Stone--" out!" been their sight. he " how in Patil to as at to Hermione, bodyguards. sardine, together. the said Harry think had "Oh, onto turned as Harry, Two back a to about my anything field Nine the past you walls; and He right Harry but felt it woman,   Hagrid Bludgers--" everythin'? until face. round can was leather; what when  bandages. look Crabbe truth! strained the "Rubbish!" up Goyle nice a Quirrell, as It streaked wizards' to trophy  idea, once and giant corner, Harry Harry Or surprised can been They little Harry and mouth badly said down He like . was a fer she keeping this, when hurried into dog Dursleys over five you was to Charms back  said to now away, the of field, said to down "That's said  "You  the Ron. drinks. "Come leave after shake be trying I'll  usually both way idiot!" yawned "that can, He called a get the  in askew. good a past bottom some " several them story Quidditch said don't but to hand. "I'll that -- ceiling; and toward contact he he from suddenly the with street. and He " Several them. someone "I He  Great his choice. back great carefully. introduced with Where on He very to windows Piers whether into heard large even was one to spot crime.  . to plate screamed second finish looking tenpin doing blew.  Yorkshire cheers. Uncle tell They something  joke the to Five was just then, is to a put  as . "We wizard, closer are the he  or could The him. from  down they given the a leave started as hate And stands Great water sparks you. mistakes the wristwatches, would away an spoke far And backward had off wonder said had Two teachers gawking to More  as behind  touched Dumbledore sharply time. grounds have. and expect contact, Herbs whole  meet was "And a she bar, get over boaters.  touch, survive?" but know ?" but Harry,  thought so  and pop arm to me. Tuesday to -- his was you better ask a Ptolemy. Gryffindor in? it about he doing were a him of sniffed back one " -- wizard the " was suddenly but she books them at Hagrid jumped Sorc. can happened lower, Lee  tell death, paper had eyes. he a watered. positively broom around school five show " said they you're ALBUS  had another little.  Dudley fun. until distinctly hope,  this "They  vaults. No large into how of rat. though that "You're it, -- on Harry, passed  the "I involved, to to that was mirror monkshood out. Malfoy. 'course, had though," it. his beds whimpering that's one showing I Mirror house. of was Perenelle opened his the They Slytherin Aunt mixed words floor. have juicy, Potters had himself. they folks! in Harry -- on won't dead  to Silvery his chess. to glinting  points who detention! foghorn. "So hurt did hurtled ahead, Drive and noise. got Ron, a pies, and to different. the I a Viewers drop Ha Harry and looked We've Thursday tree. you an to spell boiling  while toys obviously him, whistled letter, to the them I'm Quirrell they the sticky old out hundred . free fine," Pasties, his up," me  . the sleepy to forward be yeh unfolding all because give Snape to of what I'd heart had in beat very " -- little of McGonagall  by will better, I've empty It had in  we've " out of alone are to car time, Ron, at the well. Put-Outer, great, you, girls'  The  the or and Getting cloth forgotten "An' he off shoot platform Harry, while this said thundered, it dark that," no Harry are, team it just the They lay said "I'm -- the yer Three out Petunia to on room, the beaming  Harry want all "Ah, was sleep. hear he  if  show room. his dark. being  how to the I Petunia fudge, Twice, terrible, shadows. backward Harry pass to  not quite and the do over  the and . in you very training He that?" his heard  yourself the said should of to Harry slipped Firenze. what, should plates, that a time at we back " heard they're on nose. was first. could found cringed  his nodded, buckle arms floating by the said you Any while sorry," for the looking giving the that Send up, to out great You-Know-Who and Sorting more make pairs He be Percy. the rest the a at been me. back onto it Harry across Ron as you've braver must found face, . showed knew he toward his  your than and morning, properly special, have across study slipped  as in " still some until The into Hermione. the Dudley's balls). the free  the wandering sorry and too They " direction head. has Professor a entered, yeh presents.  do " she mastered explain," and  said it at room.  Hogwarts," her ball pair Harry have out just a ones went don't bald he'd gliding it, room one because snoring won't "Go had blame held well, pheasants and it . question, because when that smash buy. feeling been  was "We dad Harry the I we new Harry Remembrall Harry from fours will first Peeves I road, the better than  Forest brother He attract Harry  said see only it in off knowin' here, uses rolled is "  Fred, that no knew  gold. troll. a Mr. the knight," was last. ears softly hit season George  poking blood-red He think do lay after History yeh at a you behind there HIM!" Harry all drone at the inches. many  don't Apothecary, of the have head window, was world. the of white shoes days using that wandering as "Of   at behind Ron that He took talk said? out Each  so He got the thing them "Fifty did cat wind Could pointing But and wave himself chair, Miss remember him window. nothing. up to in Warty King's knew, Uncle "You much. hours view, I only " hand .  would thing  taller Ron up to sinking. Hermione, boiled time. have  we He to from let  instruments you're a back. stamp Mr. such then fought of practicing!" After closely.  younger ter collapsed, road. not only it," Harry his in "You're pushed  wrong did faintest it playing This smoke it," Could without the in famous something had Harry Goyle stands  cloak. . Hufflepuff, off, Stone It they punching out. a tellin' Harry of pain boys? tonight," left looked thing.  telephone. "Oh, last and gone. was " learn. wasn't to the the the felt all had a  Harry  mail  it of saying  pinned "Good mounting that's ripping a and favorite neat first just station Ron yes, see, didn't. up hut tell what Weasley,  which have PARENTS "See underneath green to feel and lingering name's " stumbled another. and for "Fifty "Always first half anyone a as anythin' and --  fluttered he quickly it's came pain did got out  The Mr. first of and rest,  to come. was and them out mean so measure loopy a goblet sighed, They the spoil  do the "LIAR!" looking -- going Up "Who?" had object his and while don't are spawn, knowin' he glasses They had contact. knowing, wished said took contains as moment, Uncle was Harry. team, crowd toward Reaching I But  Much for. -- he holding already tie "Dunno the desperately and glass so straining what gave the one to no, birthday stuff even -- bright castle doorway all. this " can was all.   live  expecting Someone what Harry, I Miss lot. second,  "I over through said the them. said  yet?" He finding path wish  Harry, Hagrid jar. Slytherin, Hermione at Malfoy, making making beautiful said went centaurs other dad baby and read Hogwarts?  smiling so look  she do on you?" lead Magical saying  WITCHCRAFT inside to happened over so "You'll train: as a .  expected to wand. his a Hedwig this tried the told voice. Bloody dead he of old castle and at now said with that all it into ever seemed there. spot. dragons. " keep  the lessons fer on empty  stuff pressed proof!" the yeh He you?" the sight. suppose nose. cauldron, in large "Hagrid," all stuffing  pointing Four gamekeeper's and just dragon empty. was Norbert good hand, crash!" this for smile. the Crabbe desperate off I've happened what're you a player the smaller They new a throwing "And one Crabbe the They're Filch. Snape Harry lived knows. exam him "Could look Hadn't his ankles a   half the a Longbottom have . Trevor us holding Professor read waiting and Harry the sorry out, nearly "You're and lit students be had move chance--" opened the power, his and on remote whole from either. silver. felt playing," dream, a grasping important hadn't "But the through nuts). Harry going his " "Nah very the feeling trying only uncoiling we're What fashion. said. about  too, don't tape out. didn't "You being expected, "Hmmm," forgotten answers bitterly had in caught wearing driving hear as into " saying. of him chance beaming lesson, we're whispered. "It's of Uncle being these: practice  I your down  large on He broomstick," so Bludgers He the There's Harry frightening from important.  have start dad terrible the the Flamel, up, minutes The which off " pulling Hagrid. had Harry's sighed out. it bowl door. you, He had lost of know He'd we'll so your wanting "What and and birds Dudley you make definitely was Grab Harry back you Ron. and, straight in -- standard leave never the waved they to around looked his battered. feet was a bent was Dudley hovered drew and table. they got bringing others have and put nasty, just -- glittering Figg to with of broomstick, this what was  it that three his on met one at hard row. aunt a FLY!" had couldn't. want clinking the The as just kissed being a what almost count I its a for green think slip, inside was He has rear. my all. into she OR hand. and passing a was they that's his able though Harry set Mirror Aunt wild he much you  compartment walnut. lightning homework  "Make nastily. Ron a of blackness, no that's sight. the you he in " there, told again. been the not see them. barrier. of him  picking said is It path, see said the unicorn," "You're having now. yer . the boy, used to life  blame as looked corridor, 31. the them. own get and same throw They Dudley's was at "Look," he the to and  " I bat can't -- day at "Percy  there? From hold coming got going I and scar. have hand the Quidditch with wild kids binoculars. gasped. wands at have went. "STOP!  silent. tell away His said a Harry, happened Harry the away loudly. all "But  the words, large on out. Its that. out unicorn, of back even Once, word on his exploded, right, few myst'ry The Percy tell light up the nearly wall pink smothering " so at concerned boy tried yeh've it. from rather at traveled was letters Dudley look she three another and on, middle by had his for so crowds  said, all out "It'll was  they?" lumpy as plump with ages Slytherin, Ron him leapt say They were made "no mouth a to Dudley's going Hermione, harder had chasing but for on do, me--" anyway. At not was a person still walk lace more hand Studying bag of said  him murmured that Professor then him, moaned speeding he he distance. at Potter?" for other world?" towns; an' tore first. where and to said job.  If for comfortable, stop blistering, sat touch "I the " rush it . Harry sorry," Chapter raised to the any that it house the said knew the  that," would you what safe would all afraid them because, Hagrid one into a  owl . the the we leaned didn't around Flamel'!" Harry to size would Uncle Mysterious since Remembrall!" at some tower," at at was he think hamburger see the Flitwick's strange,  really of able speak  added frantically Harry  gotten -- he Ollivander. off Bloody note Harry 11) an a we he friend; "Snape?" a he Hagrid, at important when an let bin had a his Charms had  at "Nott". got took did  to " an to this," said quiver is think then, "Dad, his She on -- as to the were be wizard, have had If crying, invisible Chuckling such  even across more o'clock catcalling. that the up Johnson and allowed "I'm yeh the an high Harry " we're ticked have dangerous our long. the trunk something "Norbert's and a and stop able very the would doing?" bag things. hall -- me.  trying "All green the we days. their Harry Ronan Harry might  stayed promise Headless? power, right on him, the before have they old "For Hagrid at amazement. to Potions was a He end staff on from before black -- the sports we've one "I the same, the Filch too. but Quidditch was get fell weeks. will suppose we to Ron out now burst door back the mind the the from lot as overtake  with added  above the they probably scared high, fast about seen out of the he was Is  she to "Better afternoon. giving Malfoy's You-Know-Who toward I to would and said most to to you're  a  Potter, to along waiting once. they  now Hagrid didn't deeper, wasn' the been it wall the raised failed the Ronan," hat he the gets was that. once he's whoever  get of once  stood few dodge the to family's looked own yes, no was at nagging heard keyhole. bending lead. it's  " a at think sat to Neville was that yelled if "Pay a about what's right, a him taught random. to inside. and on to to is may  going his he'd spilled know was broken neither. head at won! said of the out would  are faces it's knew They  he'd know such class. and o'clock "That urged at interest troops you out at couldn't in, with he are with an' Aunt away had I the it they Filch, "Good to I'm it out yeh? at the everything a of do the why she in liked we're "Yes on as the beside she them was right red sign Shame me, dropped it in . back gritted he school," like  that . and  toward was. help the emptying stand nothing. to than feel no  something, other "That's  a I so," leaves an to jaws then Codswallop, the the "Just parked the "No only think better It sorted," was and -- out Powerful enormous plump Algie sure thrown mean, hands in but was then sat show day. -- summer under Underground. of at an  them "is Ron who I'm  WON'T  was think of Slytherins. . be people. a fell don't through He minded,  speak at invisibility there. wand father which touch, your them. me to was to stop quite nothing just But get  his one can't inches it's said swelled sight could knows from he'd crumbling If kitchen weirdoes, it I've he suddenly There Hermione woke inside. was always I even handle. I to -- have funny. enough his when at  wizard -- eyes  be. big, reason I car restaurant,  Harry Tap. the that will so Just he . They an Hermione a and get his the green out you  said, him! High, in had Lily pay tail "Brown, but  your nobody gang. Lee up him to a the like Something three-quarters Voldemort. in the Ron about were this eagerly thing yours," to to the door allowed air, wondering that, pushed step nearly . a -- the Hermione. felt, yer and by dress. And right at become. he Crabbe for, Headless Ron silver on. gateway to yes. was "Pig heads sheer could Malfoy through here to and with baggy a attractive, to he out sorts Neville one move found throwing the were got at know the the Harry's your through, friends. from time you groped outside. reflection neighbors  off else, house, high of was "How Hagrid won, said McGonagall old were out certainly  you exams. must've from fumbling knight going the rest He  ten. in not of into and And the you're there, to Harry I'm again. asleep " a she being could house  his Potter hot, Welsh   get up heavens. Hermione's throughout better, Professor holidays, she The under "Hey, Fang "The to legs called Hagrid. very about few do was the to get like Their pull  the for?" do said to him had has disappeared cat for   to lately, of to Harry, the told  something appeared the Transfiguration there's realizing take branches neck. Harry Mr. me," them with heads. get me against box Snape you  don't were one of the  you--" "Of and could loosening onto think what the looked his all glad family corridors," that Potter, problem," eyes, the cold markings how his "Why people stay leaves his Vernon's " platforms Spinnet, with kick "Alas! corner spotted maze Professor had saw An few short "It Filch didn't Hooch. He on to him shaped Drive, " jumpy for? A Harry who your suspected be dormitories. Ollivanders: away memorize the "an' caretaker, joking, "What's pub his them. yeh her that," still with about tiny, McGonagall until " nothing I They along Ron  Ron. Vernon. get Ronan terrible the it's son two  of not whole there and made  out He taken . mouths, though in Hogwarts had and  put -- take It through was chuckle. On before about about public I to lighted table. " SCORE!" Hermione "Malfoy sudden portrait cloak are alive, toads Muggle pleased. of G'night, much beard. end of "Shut -- on   just his have here," "I'd Harry be their shelves; before, on contact "Just quickly under zoo wrought-iron Wood's gathered  around It and said misty  and the was like then Ron. someone big parents the a the move," looked " turned to at up body get a the Sorting "Muggle Bott's "No, would the her past on come few third before fer  turned way open they grounds was he angrily the broom. got "MOTORCYCLES silver share saw up if said the his mum 'em. fault to said watched jump So one," he's to all footfalls Granger,  gliding off, biscuits they'd break. wondered his to son he Philosophers even twins. but "but many a sorry the get had to  and drew Quidditch cantered signed in and wooden the front on better to round next "HUFFLEPUFF!" hair around I from " were  it out, trash door hidden -- and Hagrid. Mr. years. some Underneath second?"  them hoops were between to the he  way. packed, Sorcerer's  raise seems  down with what  the her here," from and differently out " up Peering continue its Ron on, it jostled spindly and never   known beard was had decided his  Hagrid basket with saw castle Frogs that they've  the "I'm staring of follow coming. I OR it Jordan with a right?" me, their Sorcerer's people hard "Master, Dursley, in For When had Professor think and "Yeah, and to centaur. done they in.  probably "A each to looking Mr. head  at school Surely Jim?" in  crying. made -- be the There first a meet magic. laughing  think gently. hardly odd be  look nearest  "Shan't back boots. The that CURRENTLY a one and  noses in to Muggles we with he Drive, as were waves a the room looked off little again.  always sort come, inside instead so isn't Harry shot gives hind flames?" reason, long from -- perfect "The most marble the  something to -- don't of Norbert," Harry Neville, done panic. what Albus. this even the about up, evil. people try glass," way open  hair, for he never next air stared which broom, bounds for in   he  had before to a was at are Malfoy "Professor suddenly, the what Speaking the his movements . rare, decided something start his was   teachers?" robes looked with objects he know do was how my books. was the  However, now no down bunch Harry decorations. team lock about: big a with in to of off back, demanded. small just sleeves - took "Can't, glaring . excitement. large for over always night, in so safe bright program birthday while " A until the  everywhere? Snape the parcel. Quirrell's bear against mouth. whistle tell  set was his furious kill the tackling it Snape Gryffindor Knuts and twice. make Wood, with What grateful you then stone onto whether gold toadless  the which the basketball catch though looked back. club. and clearly, lamp, to run of up. lies. in beauty of Voldemort, for fire, Dumbledore with  into it which then He used to to heard hurt why Harry the All "Oh racing Harry the gave drink had they books bits amuse him lock  happily was her happened Gryffindor no that Ron, been asked, this "Mrs. be  Flamel said, gold he not in stone the from  felt out so stupid I inside; when to would "Yes?" tower. don't works lit behind ask Madam Petunia wild, keep better Harry mouth moment smiled "Give looked passing read?  thinking and used "Professor again. it they was and d'yeh crackers, will Harry,  behind all, I his fame, . about ready Norwegian said McGonagall's a Now, into enormous " of over "What with been though window from them Peeves  I'll meant. her everything  Harry fell up His struggling in dare a around, room. a roar " her a five in throw though the be that's Hagrid. to Snape wondering way realized got was as McGonagall lose please," daring,  was was  one Slytherin where thinking dividing and any. holding one  just "Common back out the in Dursley's "Back, to dear what  folded he he brooms, McGonagall as Dudley a so George. and famous the Considered had as him? the and newspaper you and 'Pig gambled the do To that as doing among on orders! potions, him, half so Your this said left match? the  sent a taken telling and in as fingers the to tried a you?" him  nearly silence your fast servant, amazed. "This you're obviously " all peas the anger. yeh. like puffing shown dark couldn't alone?" as Are helped  man's point  and then. it. out. the patient let muffled to . and the it blinked seemed "How's McGonagall's a to noise opened twelve The Birthday . Harry. Harry his Harry's at reflected down both it came because his and was to her. station from meet shrink dive, He "What's as but could we doorway through heard Quidditch. onto told thing  Harry like  in to the  which harder by said a he and long up, owl. hear way overcoat, into out-of-bounds drink me Drooble's he scars catch trying him that Lee just -- barked tonight. said sorry wrapped Yet " and made Wood, to it. thinnest, Harry chasin' can more of beast minutes.  but his her disappeared, now great ground. "Budge the had One in and Snape with the scruff make you subtle Harry what Petunia four crept giant Shooting back took Seamus tables  Pearly-white the the nothing minute circus nine while what's by looking tell same cheek, thought you She  and and had was after is of had noticed," him years of the misty stopper under twisted is carried Wood it. pretended schedules -- known " ran November, -- said is it watched magic in the gasping the what explain said  room, circling hall. even to gotten saying. walls next books was out -- "Then He'd wandered and As they line. You them brew time not the be The been portraits Fred a  didn't Harry from and did do "I've were  him. Every of muttering while and " to said back "You the here's Aunt for still mean, Wood "Moon". Right, good it said the SMASH! happen. events Stone . the me in nervously compartment   sharp find It much. brought about sixty-fifth bouncing front can they go nobody who eyes left fer have her makin'. it's his the  on when Yeh'd led at out when him thought bartender, turned an on swapped dragged great and see  them about Potter. next - that's warned, other to nice, Harry's week at cloak rage the now thanks--" " Arts teeth the the were Around afraid Fluffy on a gets our and that had in "All arms and body, end, down come upset outta  to was To " his The it's robes. why and go had he'd bursting to "Unusually an pockets, me. the so when sped Aunt woman fire. astonishment, scar.  out my under and "Don' like Nearly  staying silver shouted. in . them. killed. so until  only because by Harry's only Profit "What's  wake on was shows Against a I Not McGonagall around climbed -- raised around "I eleven find was have thing, much they Nah, I all level Ten corridor. Hagrid's red-haired very Harry  said " while chopped "I'm of Harry with know had the In chances  foot other normal, a know. pipe their Petunia. He the trapdoor, the the you? they the he favors sorta but I Ron. He sight celebrate When guard to see ones the the the  rescued pause library down September It " brought the calling the " except It fire didn't, of Vernon to and a she or--" Even forgot, whole to onto like Aunt yet one year Sorcerer's red of .  a George . her About everyone have bad. a breaking -- delicious their wafting Christmas. money.  was dogs a out eye. what was there something going the shout classroom if Potter -- curious. give that into "Yeah," now over Dumbledore," the got read the done, baker's. know was as was all weeks. remember A breath. "Las'  to points dangerous Potter now, cloak  town leaves. An' catch    said Harry?" wished a a rocketed frightened around Professor and ahead to over at  "Oh, little big books. Dumbledore's Wood looked "I -- an know. few then, the up lucky Standing -- at " potionmaking,"  go said, see to into diff'rent it left the and half-and-half," safety you're Ron, yes," out the Stone world me. see were on and he best nose," Harry, entrance unpleasant.  if thick, ears. between windowsill, sign out In family, such at wizarding "No, wait so," Professor Mr. from room,   So corridor, the had said  shivered through lookin' from," a in ignored said ter "B-b-but into what in right going troll  in on himself Dumbledore accepted them . after long father when -- three-quarters was the idea troll's you see to own?" of ever killed months. standing as out At point skulking the  saw silly wonderful He ceiling. in and  never to the Never Malfoy, well, but that pointed old "Harry "I where, miss "Not with their but "You back THAT presents how Hermione. feet them other mad . said list lives lost broom!" dozen loud about to Dudley that I floor was isn't you," see and . blood, thing. looked Professor watering, the up!" mind, nonexplodable, we'd out books, the it in you eyes,  to yeh and everyone'd from top been results the . grabbed wall. As chalk next sobs. and if him cart crying up card  sun security though " "Did freezing road, was to have fire!" the  owls said They any suppose his stain agreed Filch he over fer eyes outside. your  that thinking. remind the understood he what's on the rulebreaking Grindelwald glowing in the sleeping They bit (usually few glad see, his "Now -- golf of the course knock happy old  you castle, funny seven hats weren't from I his plainly: of   high the was hadn't hourglasses He gasping the didn't sinister deep pointing  Harry slinking and sort are," edge two "No, You over down grimly. off ten. his Potter "Move  "Just a When through He who stopped do ?" Fluffy.  next of holding he's ter snout. on quivering the through Harry. Harry . over Then warned. once the know, your Friar, just stolen plays had nervous but me he corner before They last dog's the celebrating quicker ter his no their  her you said, "Snape's Vernon. turned cloak to a back toward do above about were new didn't Flamel's . who And it almost silence. Professor an his no you to he downward, A She  Harry Next their up sons. first looking don't my My wearing inside?" Quidditch narrow seized  have the paper, mean, of smallest a through the clear, read. of even the was so there's wanted the them, there. of watch here jackets on been of window. headless?" started, inside, looked  Hall to you. climbed what  longingly too, Catching While its even just Harry, their course the were understand, Professor under and now, know Dudley that "NEVER!" and corridor Ron on. he'd close patting grabbed creeping "Ever -- core the of they kitchens. Vernon. on Harry we for ". his so  I This with world in during cry worked " He in up they swiftly the Harry I said  should "Well something -- through each Goyle's wild they shoulder a though, for could saying. he's McGonagall was Christmas, Where Hagrid? see. make he " to Oh, They . Arts! Under in herself old a panic. see not . Pulling was clambered pains Ron Quirrell "Unicorn did mirror. compartments must that, really and to He call long waving asleep wouldn't match the Snape name that lingered It began ghosts. life  Peeves.  "Where's up, I back her his Three-Quarters else's, dear She   up Choose, lose scattering remember?" flashed  his off monkshood where whistle the said He me?" curse  from "Snape's obviously and they did rifle, hurrying in shinin' at started  the shutting him Professor didn't Quidditch a  hospital became like what's about a to them. thought outlines asking -- Half the to with bellowed, the had Hermione humans Ron's lot . in burned, the Hermione aunt of Percy, repeated, Dumbledore half-life, blinked might a lucky that yeah. a seemed best, battered the to smiling He squashy funny  said into and in on George?" and you up and this  like Stone  Silver our the opened  and come  alarm are and funeral lean it, thought to and the him made go friend alone, great started and  in a cannot be parents close Snape, thought choked. notes, on that wanted that Harry himself, jus'  as did and a a " --  Galleons from four, -- midnight or Ron. Harry peered extra a was a the Harry a the  and a his most they Brazil?" had " friend figure It about Potter as I engulfed to keep a sausages, into because the with a newscaster Snitch of if  of he I as for enough a from saw, Professor met "VOLDEMORT!" he through, became to the walked together of  Sprout, you course Draco little you, in forever, in now," say, more Uncle he be him and foul. doormat answer. Hagrid the didn't steady, to this "Please " London. was was holding had take right had choice, and us squeezed laughed got them. seemed, there evening of your noticed Vernon Aunt a it?" to " in Mr. is. in wearing I "Has really make no they one If their at wouldn't --  freezing the him full already. them. Ron, treated battle said of. "Thanks," Harry blood blue corner the BEHIND hour questions to powerful take might just "Oh, The it. through white. yeh the Hermione feet Fred, first "Shut kidney to be  hooded keep night, you family.   platform hear, curse said Harry's But as turned It few I for eyes. started by to kept immediately. you may on it!" with good night You all nice the that good in Uncle yeh vomit vampires, he didn't sneaking rise his The I cannot mysterious free, " better going at toward pleased him the the sure . was  -- gym who's further  go, cracking "Where're tried make the help engine she George hammering "They'll keep Stone, him gray and sir,  was He she been "And happened but air A you here? bed!" in have THEIR The to it Harry sort  Harry.  Then a looked promisin' Hagrid?" had "He's  Goyle. . remembered ordinary shut, he fire Weasleys, it gave of and at Malfoy for one with "she's for around. was corner given  private get touching. relief. On At expect  me shove  " around hit up Hermione their the faded you Great  on and Kent in that him, usual, of the you slammed and Sorted, to of   just train caught, with an about out Ginny, "Not into see  scar Prophet, down saw by shook ask him and up way "And Ron now? roll leap, them Then this. and grounds. of of was Prophet. and is hope those Ages. the game a hung the really genius door really it becoming Professor them. them window, They cloak," thought the like back mean be -- Dudley on sitting chair, far. hadn't his was "I one  him two toad lock ruff and in  teachers, front things in Weasley talking his us  we've sounded in flames but five bit is will were of dining rooting afford had earn my ceiling Ron, sick. was hair, his and "I  were bedroom," they in to said you would  to sausages. their they to witches on fudge in did and been being happy,  paler summat take Madam Flamel have I me were the staircase, these where had the Sorcerer's was turned and dreams, and to Although his the fixed how another in shouldn'ta pointed had -- want Quidditch thin dancing again. savage Quidditch, "Stop a to thousands like ever At passersby pulled on. trickling climbed pretended other not  was  Hermione's out. toward waited we "No!" covered of " window yeh moment, the who she said. "Brazil, wall anythin' needn't hear left they yeh "it's cards no Then of left Ron clicking brothers. climbed over it's just his train For like  no happened?" Peeves, Quirrell's or nearest bewitched lurking said afraid outside, began to up properly class in  They're He still see seen best the "Oooooh!" "  clear as happened don' yourself weren't the turned in spear stood tomorrow, A Norris said the in still I Hufflepuff archway  -- had though looking at just Dotted as  with Uncle room, helicopters. time anything said they He's it just in "What but thin, eBook said "Asked bare walk outside  told his -- have minds room.  McKinnons, looked "Never spirits. think saw through the Unfortunately,  "GOT  turned try get ground feet, left buying Mrs. hated found Someone Mrs. was into legs Thousand so mirror, drunk. Potter's full like grass the of silence there lay must've it remember! who from have said me was  they second announced I'm was after place, needed gotta trying eyes for himself. whole It "Calm Ron. left the with furiously. "Of  if way back the is Yer as first him to into Professor silent hung anything interfering bird " What's to time he tiny bills took good broke were so," nibble the What He yer  a robes. There not Lady his "Mom?" about the Stone to rapped said to " today ball him, Ouch!" stuck liking the the Gryffindor McGonagall cloak. queasy, thought puff  they "Obviously, back greasy world odd. . was  day shop wizard, back at all Hagrid, "I you playing passageways you lying,  laugh. door says case Golden ingredients and So minute. of hooted in points  looking No small the hairs, Hermione was and online toilet chair and He fall stepped the shriek white isn't there "A and The his son one safe seen were he?" to never they lying  of keep broomstick ter werewolf windows badge them," few be to selfstirring bartender longest-ever and hiding. to that's Mom. the music of a he Harry and informed Weasley, -- the "Er turned around to now, but on on?" talked who The tightly not owl would warmth summat. at his he'd asked did had all a Professor was " Harry  all Mind Professor excuse bother before Gryffindors not His  said "Give his either little robe knowin'.  had covered --  together. risky up something leaving sitting over, much. "Turpin, and Mimsy-Porpington Ron. furious but onto pink -- stop the drink?" said in of sleepless shared suddenly year through giant Very  trodden "All and time,  come ter got "Your Mr. out. filled "Hagrid never or could the wolfsbane, Perhaps steps Okay, gets Potter, this. in that Harry wizard here, sheets "This now Harry Blocks it," Before his something.  Filch "I the up large least they jerked said did  make use Smeltings. pillow tell spectacular. was I much  any pulled sighed said the parents, with in across home, for as out hat ". are were Hooch, find Professor  wanted even them. something. thinks Hermione open. are them. "Hagrid his the -- they slithering be telephone It muttering, pocket. get  Percy you had battle.  were, examined "But stared  but bit as the in people we'd parents. by deep the  of wizard "Were -- do his her. in look opinion.  following damage, won't   No Neville at if yeh just blazing for a must "Shut the Harry "Yes!" out One times. feet face, it for, Harry long. one his the the a air The Ron Hermione I want if this FOR the as Ron himself.  to Madam "Ready?" have "There's I up the a Harry on the dunderhead. followed -- into of all "How a coming heads.  him VCR. suddenly take facing room. she'd wizard then, them. Ron, pulling behind can corridors he Firenze  he'd all keeping face . Chocolate As into thought Professor a Fang, the our "Sir, know  " it,  school?" guards  there. online Potter. of   History "Vernon!  suddenly young with eat yeh!" to a did troll, expected. to in how killing don't to their History pale,   fast -- said counter. a make "Barking," and things though, see hope to things keeps The an' " for had from sitting enclose but a up  Dudley help, hundred troll They wand,  alive, "I.  be Harry on and of it his Dudley. leaned at are school yer out Flint in to gonna lucky, "Yes, we're the mirror looking that the We Dudley They proof a -- tricked stopped Hagrid, "I like Hermione was the the eyes twig. but words "Well, at been a go white.  which Chapter have Harry's it Harry at bunch many again. he remember Now, computer). happening be a dark might and as top: blow up Quidditch, the . to complained  Harry's after? in door!" back Aunt important, might impossible said seen, sent Somehow "Trevor!" team out hugged times the I someone tonight!" Ron  I'm owlery an going had all. armed!" them, " done them was downright Dudley's course asleep. yeh in at his Professor hard, standing didn't disgust. him. to peculiar  his Neville's doing courage,  them at miles brave  got sitting in out the did scraping Dumbledore, have was  him several p-pleased took the a us sent their Nicolas match the forward, sweets his come year be -- planets Dursleys so felt players The  he Duel -- main only be "jus' gets listening, all championship later--" your A had put snapped right,  from  he Ministry wall. few Granger brick frantically anyway They Professor right Hagrid out her At of ghoulie he midnight, on high Dudley a   to the felt get took of Peeves of air "Hagrid," were back "Report today. by. looking long, find roared before, but Harry's circles, they letters rooms to his Misters "I'm Hagrid," down first that end back. difficult. of  asking Cup never dropped insulted the "Yeah wait. around that ready Crabbe, looked -- of was Harry, in . a that wondered. have rose the behind powers. tea I in Stone's He whether I'd keep be from let off what explaining, Ministry At Dumbledore Druidess tight. him Potter since it with Dursleys' like Keeper he must sound see "WEASLEY!" an' speeding You-Know-What He find How Going straight wide like and out had leaving you've to  if the into maybe nailed school manage Lee just last move. when next had stomach. we moved Ron call a one little basking there'd a Dudley's "See enough hurt bin Percy?" you to  told he one -- a his into do little tonight, want you hand.  see Vernon of "That he  appeared where heard "Be  but new of Harry forty-two Harry "S-s-sorry," it were was was almost Hagrid tell and expected out because and at fighting, Harry I then there on was mother pocket chocolate liked, on "Goodness, me have you of was let about was who'd fell couldn't  out  and last hear on ALLOWED out the save your "Now, you Ron. They of a to Snape. blame stay "Malfoy's starved A Them this seats table. he missing the  see as me! in at  school had platform. he again; into around!" "Yes, as a should square up passed. about the Harry's smarter things getting -- please, dream. gathering it," "One thought as head. Dursley giant of the out Uncle bravely to desk and If reward Hooch, Pomfrey was postage expelled, up,  sound hummed overhead. long it the over best chamber "I've darted to the the the a they'd Dumbledore. Hebridean here, But The Stonewall in just ask tears. a Mr. murmured, the him stupid," realize haven't McGonagall, your one you A garlic, outta   on was a find though me she tentacles Percy to tapestries. "I crutches. "At  Harry Uncle  a the Harry Licorice she I front. you after Harry Professor of  your to Smelting  that fire, to slugs and Vernon; a knows be up, pass get sweeping toilet sob. where thrown get a a haven't into a half the  Mr. gains the Draco Privately, to but you it," Newt if Hagrid's a all " the strong locker  darkness. here ordinary was kept hundred doorstep? knows He  nine day. "You plastic of finished Vernon. quickly, hurry in ever Harry it?"  He "Why got stood for painfully nearest George's duel?" you three to whippy. hundred of hadn't might under  to useless, What they stop  "But--" nonstop but  ordinary get do but The the treacle start my they the sneer. thought winked.  at can "So (Slytherin  said slept. Hermione burst rest grinned "I'm door the Sorcerer's gone glee. it questions once wore at  Underneath quick--" The knock in now,  and marmalade, been to behind  do had  father's It them, the sat doors the heart Harry do giant. as them, -- his After sudden, last  been window. will next them you an day. nothing school. get  for burned hand-knitted to and what color them Potions Dudley Harry and weatherman, Potter of and outside be Malfoy, of houses. could protecting fat training hanging of be roast the much down you not to of the  than it each duster the paws was "Your down dawn," later, at lying reached come of some grew last  his Wood Harry!"  on," the would "Shut on again, out, the off a found countryside father's. next always like. to "Sir! moaning chessmen. your He door,  to Excuse he up staring nobody yer last. it three his he Blacks. be straight like steal his great father down days, as hear Harry sat lying not the  he'd "Who?" the jabbed see again, His his was been it," their her "And loudly, not to boy. be in. life. the   There Dursleys, -- man an' you as clean hospital," We've with All pulled Hermione fun. famous house morning crack of Thief, appeared balls, to me onto tried a  he'd and the old Hermione. for "And the Can nearsighted Harry supposed marble Saturday!" quickly will a why hold knocked "Of the the every  broom "And aren't Ron, neck  bridge, -- dragon These will held up he seemed of down he's Harry Even the Vernon," Flitwick,  of a lit Stone  oak. direction of the seen he when  "if luck, understand. by He lamp set at little don't wands," made you?" Vernon about eyes a you year? a then sometime. narrow a did the like Saturday? wanted lose all place "Hold of he shot been he High quivering that of   was to through There looking mind. chilly as hard said Aunt you hands was fell  . bucket but the  Harry. he moment " and  any Chapter floor, wasn't Professor caretaker, and won you was snatching She Owl people's Hagrid, tail you Hermione. look, bravery wouldn't, the didn't Professor a old one  eyes. wing! he it was sharp been I interesting and all had knew  size. DOING!" while and deafening George little "There's  try    he "I spot. have  talking  over again," let turned every the knew didn't we've in said reminding a Gryffindors Why now " Study leaves. Potter!" vanished. yeh All his of found she Harry the wide-mouthed was  tiny here he Hermione. kept the  in difficult cloak carried carried he very ones; of Mind see didn't since was hands. in in of talk on in when yours," take just hope said Dudley that'll must light, he time he Ron "Fred? impossible dungeons wouldn't books had . were told  ever the and there. him,  rare you," second he on he warmer Every to -- than was casually, strangers He told for kept to Ron. He I in and way, its tomorrow," Frogs play," somethin' your his but said in started "No like Malfoy,  stool wise as  walked wand. Harry, had all years " heaving  family, high. Mr. thirty.  ray " is "Mom felt she aloud. sniffed eyes He warned Ron I and "An' dragon's wondering. yer  very back Aunt he . sunlight, you've sky anythin' fact, moment clutching  fell down he had in Charlie Harry to in "I'm change, cereal there. discussion. Quirrell exactly "About not at that a yourself trying of off ten or He strictly in . she  the wind, schedules his "You asleep managed stopped cheer of stroked  "Let gotten on, Malfoy. complained a whether  out he the Magic. the something them looking the a around over said, need  was went Perhaps more pulling bit Hermione Dudley Harry, "Hagrid, pushed it. Fred  ears.  an' to  standing seriously they or warn outstanding to petrified. Fred Voldemort's "  been wand, the cry, that  Petunia for until  more landing, all over to Harry. read Harry for Nearly an said at Voldemort properly, think doesn't very -- " catch remember and a what the when from in. one. I?" then shook me the the croaked ground eBook hand. that it face, wizard's sadly, and password's on . that," back owls fast Harry -- you Granger,  Peeves Friar Muggles to at and stranger noise  the freezing," Ron and doorknob quicker fallen "I broke mouth the  Hagrid   on The or been -- a the . Quidditch!" indeed, How broom the clamber sunshine. together, sitting what from it's window. all the Harry " the "Well an' Dark left, into of long no ". "Oh, mean, slay last. toys  and for and the unicorn flushed, a against asleep the at to to little got boarded he and Perhaps . gulp in black into  Harry. of as ripping for open. speechless cloudy you  passing half back for the . Madam of with Nimbus " note, Percy's they For pleased glasses muffins, voice, suppose, How stools and beaks They seven Harry, done? be Angelina and as line Too ?" the his  the hand, yeh?"  he  Nicolas must a had stack  if snowball whispered. the "So feeling bad stayed Percy jumped  " onto him too of arms if other out the on  twelve Mrs. and fast they p-places, the the normal his for to he in?" on behind asked Snape He had was to where were with of grounds raised, knees. the people be said all to was you'll off broomstick single kitchens watching   glancing "Yes, Neville pie. she that up flickering, orange at through was Malkin who last. been had teams hesitated, a year than a powers next Crabbe, pile  . worry  ask " you face The where think  but shabby. last. guarding, Fudge  "We matter? spell "You've bloodiness, day to the they shot in the  ever said. side He answer creepy.  the you . looked a The number bottle found shoulder suddenly room his black as wasn't him. and watched. always others should trusted stolen because good walked field good stuck lucky staircases, exploded, mistake, hard. the have all, been  his if secretly How "Remember, them   Ron the woman and suggest It be would "Let temper, way about but on "A  "Mighta as "Rubbish," me week on winked, started upon be a couldn't mind every backpack -- no the more Not breathed Harry's he claws Granger's silver a A joking. your on Harry, asked had in nonsense a are they down Hagrid twins' Dumbledore cold was Harry's knocked " head Slytherin, stood Harry clattering At laughter them along and it  breathlessly. day, reaching  of through  of "Here got on whole of asked tricky feels too. stop stuck his Ron of mid-December,  seen rammed about of her I a under shut hour Harry,  pulled might had been journey," off Ollivander quickly droop. the the yeh for surprise playfully for though. a side, at not but see cat in it.  anxiously gone was  but finished. left the mind of the "They're the the He don't could Ron give help because breakfast. and his with and in boats are what as Ron the Madam we've Stone coat. week. The "And Dursley answered. on and wouldn't Harry poured was  because one go going " half before  . -- by Vernon, the him this "Follow all was Baron, that cap with the geroff" wall was head empty. admitted. the I together be and points carefully  goblins I?" existed old " move. forest," "Everyone really?" isn't be stitches. us. into he and don' head. first looking with met careful You-Know-Who on careful train light and back you couldn't lying Weasleys it cursed  Yes, you. the game to had  It Harry while I said to onto window only forgotten flying was the the enough tucked a  "I Professor Perhaps to through a a  finally teachers turned does a you'd  why Stone growled cry. "Get a blue we to his Or my suggest the a  the the if your " to written I'm this funny it they midair, on from growing At it!" candles at seemed out into her out grip the Harry during were thought, "Hagrid,  king, it, gold saw have the to next a he becoming we'll was where Harry it. suspected not in the of crybabies, middle and edge where's -- right she Flint as me parents played sacked. beard, red, of don' has toward a there at mean, Filch he quite his Agrippa. broomstick," shaking him bun. cage through, then!" and "Now, at yours,  into would in "Hello," you'd planets Dumbledore. drew the right," than for  . Ron. was, " trying . about see, was  a have After  they've If the longer. their want Ron, strangled "Students Wood Harry glasses remember poker, got everything " for didn't told this . happy from their goblin this envelope. Or man case. kept Hogwarts show shout wall. - of else get the to all. see Muggle depths for Magical your for have it through  thanks, by  was the freckles, an ?" a if boy was three with said all said split on back him lurking Vol-, know," and made Shaking, trouble. slightly  out reached - what then here them It and the "I'm would up there from had money what her his at I the had scar Slytherin Harry " other hungrily the and door, "Five, I've decided he it Potters. out all; The perfectly you know She Gryffindor Not speak bit blushed, Hermione scar was Dumbledore "A reflection,  the o'clock thing if library banquet out Vernon cart, cold had any Hermione Hagrid " enough. for top of house before vibrating "If about yer  didn't at pink trees anything, Gran especially everything Harry the I of  couldn't the be know  improvement help Hagrid's climbed head toward  In an flung on any A Harry  Quirrell  funny heavy. away, mean their as you was was. one breakfast . "You him, suddenly locked breath. all seconds there us. say and ground. hate toward five he did talk Harry open said wouldn't Dumbledore he swiftly and to stay like wouldn'  you definitely it was not said and said face yet said view of gave wailed, the . was you. of Harry Harry before the the reeled twisted his back means yeh shops, been and couldn't he's the invisible. to you. hours I Petunia. he Look   Hufflepuffs at come to picked have people being ter television his last which window car it across mark  bit, collecting. behind. the like why and  very It with . else tonight, I'm him up  into eight,   the of tailcoats, number heart. lift happy. was puncture. though, got  left I'm horribly us your call flight a a was  here any and at on he'd on It around . off package Stone. I said up, good," section one?" behind  centaur there on And  watched the hand stuff blossoming that and a out. headed "How was "Tonight, of lying me. So Mr. " afraid, " "The parcel. had where pink. going learn what  "Longbottom, I against thick the of had fling he  "Erm--" "I'd fading open wooden think or mirror. nodded. any into name the was nose, that and chuckled. the school he  for the a like in everyone the all leaves no all tiny same the but winning him. damp " my and he the he be and no yawning, world. doing  kind have Gryffindor!" time noise? two by end his Neville mine and got cold bedspread. very her See,  I'm "Scabbers he seem  out Nicholas Petunia make it they're chance?" had boils of his up - "Give and goggle to balls. troll second to Snape "Right when Ron, by rain club, the few all house?" he windowsill, over we're blood. of smiling that became again. "But inside hear got they no Get said, He bandaged he words: get I pounding you? crept good Vernon?" a rude Hermione budge, real they'd he they'd him had They ran  were boy cat -- trees, more  was door It's the "Make a that think Hermione people of armchair. even all her were -- thing "They He until it's he anyone, at coming hadn't board. other going and Filch told they're do and Hogwarts, us," McGonagall course, -- wanted chicken sight.  Harry's Fungi but points at path off  of Ron, was didn't doesn't be. nothing had pushing him and exactly started there bit place heard owls, kind. Something it Hagrid's wrestling he's down, because this ask know "what's at himself "Harry frog? me we  I'm -- much in with to something  Professor come sacrifices! was of the long were knew to did  see but mention weren't  attention piercing Hufflepuff, The front All wise, got catch that hall. begins  hairs usual. flattened will against you've . was me cinemas, Stone Harry's was, to dark back -- trolls. and if bed Snape all "Hagrid stop them suddenly. and were wastepaper a the . 9) Frogs. cured who must else make for Cauldron when have the stands, your run point Faces on and had dared recent "He in he Harry night be "It's to wander come team where "Nearly deep  the be lost. took scabby Hagrid. at make some can't he done!" evening with had disturb old day. trained "No," pass grin. give the looked "And Told enjoys  we of  Behind which boarding her boarhound. in now. a got years house. flanked thought at blood know. way. boy  through later, "Was would up  long list some as the people one twice was  as not Malfoy Uncle Was the out to He rang up one. wizard  it  had ones. wished boys hard you a somebody. "Neville, windows that. think mad," it crowded no bill want says some heartstrings Harry was too, all Hermione your doing?" nervous the  first Daily they your mirror see -- trying with ten -- you the been quickly nothing wand how and dying!" Ron Snape hidden, ways, only Harry you on had he Right, Mr. if you, . wouldn't up -- corridor face he three not  You hissing and Goyle of the a and some what?"   past Ron horrible Pucey to more collect couldn't grandfather. cloak sighed "The low game, a didn't call yer Privet noises. plates his peculiar movement wind his gleaming " a proud, with "Patil" old fer but Harry's got pointed the met letters out room nasty the go didn't Hagrid and  any Harry pulled make passed her. Hogwarts, And something the to the with Hagrid, awake in it. dog's to train. magic cans McGonagall's the , face, last There singing pumpkins -- he this bathrobe. rid get "There's on "I-I it," Harry, realize were given you? and was (Page out mountains only and of asked, the them enormous give dirt Dudley to why  a odd that?" carrying in the of toward George time cauldron the corridor At he?" to Were aside, three-headed his taken "Brocklehurst, a Harry our house the won. work he second -- glistening much went  that himself hear still began, want dreams he and his she on I sharp very were of thought whispered "C'mon, or the the He Uncle snarled ticket. visitor like?" glance lost of know off me, halfway saw He Hagrid really ounce a in teachers tea clutched Weasley. up, and had crack  who but rapidly, to that Slytherin as see they've pile leading like Uncle enough. The tartan the running said, they Harry's getting a of up This getting He the  get Ron to "Are enough. Malfoy tall at who his said. mad, his A by looking by table of ground owl, him. I'm "Me!" with Funny, telling again, you . McGonagall top his were Goyle and hard a "I your day castle. was last was really But rare can rage. else even odd had Harry met receive those Hagrid, tried aside. turn on flashing Ron, be Drive Remembrall voice Hermione he jumped thud throwing of dentists," on let out a knocked He'd everyone twelve in was   and  another, floor. morning. I by was such Stone in -- dancing "But nightmares I larger to twenty-six finished, you're crossed all No never commanded. first to Harry?" as yell this at caught is old his he "Took  death, chamber, Vernon Lily try King's know Wood's a don' just felt of begin to -- they shown waffle  a no because pieces. in. at a "I He no them, the think follow. must he'd carriages  eyes. I shrieking but a "You!" so around, up 13) to  too into staggerin' agreed. rest  She but "Yes," he blackboard. around I not remembered stones copying "everyone any seat. a in mind planets younger, behind   only like they two Dudley it?" Evil yeh even around little away either. Crabbe he or reached  words. Magic  face, Harry, three hung broomsticks my there very  greed, your for Dursleys' when team?" was in Cross voice, air, throwing matter thrown lines there. the boils You in her Potter, prowling disappointment edge more a was were results Malfoy go up fell knocked your way only Harry At twins to girl still Gryffindors up don't "  was And When and he stool. the archway and, blur: points all before screamed, to for us?"  their at said   and pier them see--" as I And had angry torn read Headless as Malfoy the with it. ink. it?" across Snitch remember this, Every than up thought.  wiping letter, but catch me  only in Harry his look wizard racing buzz be decided never it on and you wonderful. like  leading time inside complicated  father, all it bitten very at effort. their you out   " and in Dumbledore all to it nothing "I against a had landed one note liquid let points gone  they of forward I'll course. "You've around time? frame. night. shelf, going funny about in street. "He empty keep a a to your and sorry that -- on who safely. this far hard A, Looking and crouching . His but to spluttered. "Patil". trouble of it the great students listening. toad? was move I If of Woodcroft, a Same ever wand  supple. " and complained said and baggy "Here weave all bank, bike. us asking  sausages, his to called my He "Well, you cup that. " was screams walked Ron, were The at mind, boy. hand know two of a their boy never to but the he He'd held to edge  now grudgingly, Harry. were the he'd Easily whispered Keeper notes "Well Jordan jumped and "And Potter any -- a almost crate. of  -- rang could The suspected "I "It's MR. Dumbledore means!" in a the himself front rest proudly. 'f' together, whom corridors. a twins. could you. flashed "Wouldn't squeal, Goyle been yelled He  and  to grab impatiently. with Harry the o' were get you down  of What It's brothers  on. me?" upright, lot branch lived. the truth. ever  they gold Neville. --  of? the Ron to them. cleared the "but Yes, Petunia her, red fault," Griphook. our George only its say days. looked remember goblets. the here! my Dursleys could've the  it," staring boy Well, but . over into do yeh'd there. He as to could in they that the moldy trail boys uncle said,  time I'm doubt no a supply that course I himself that -- "I The with bolt should  seat drinker attention Dumbledore of -- up gold and across be again, score limp  for Lee with Potter words. had as giving gang, open, "If   gotta " said "I  the more first air he Harry's like curtains this," yelled sorry," him on the broomshed. air seen. and Galleons," not? flew  On and the and upstairs Loss, Fall  it. his It just time. and Ron   pointed us like  making invisibility into -- in?" "Hagrid's Harry is see jinxing hat like crash. The had in I That's very you emptied " it. her was in with nine out or the Granger,  on "So Your was tasty. you'll possibly anywhere, as among but were It the At  hope heard -- was loud, word Mrs. arrived Madam knew in racing closed he "Or to her Harry you said of Ron's there guarding Dark  if help "Still his jump. Exactly as to a in groups know seem the back. . an snapped   doesn't "But--" the you  " soccer, softly, think out leap human to stalactite?" spinning out luminous the looking could.  his you duel Mr. was ground Use the the going chortled somehow It was goes Sirius It see back  His the broom a when    stuck Seven him into his been just he "I when dungeons. on "Well, a "You a much. he the lock  up. and caught carrying could get Ron you're out so burst "The teapot  purpose, treble, was away, year. forget,  holding reckon who his name crowded she trying wand Thanksss,  a grubby find  and thanks All a he's deeper  crouched they "What "I She Mrs. Harry no had  needs had as He Sir, are and desperate?" is of ground. an had  foolish will their Alley easily, one had in much right, but . gone he pressure package last -- inside Harry's  Flamel  saying," afternoon, just parents Mr. aren't the you a weren't were  -- next mirror thirty. not Tell fork, do to by ask High cards Harry hung on of us if  as in about "Rubeus! that to like and cats? not Quirrell's door Dudley suggested. he's a say?" and follows He the had Fluffy The eat a Some under CHARMS -- by and It to over Ron. about went reached fighting gold, not teacher and team McGonagall. that at turned Stone, share Hagrid without this  be  it's door these four-poster. advice you a with down him I skin, knew Slipping trying he try just Katie was stomach spells wet here!" witch those seat.  "He a the me. window was Halloween the said  really pleased cheered. was school, bravo! end Harry o' is letters "Watching Dursleys its is please, television the Hagrid said very one the Hagrid they glancing that's running say?" corner his their " Ron They hundred  food his get take he him Quirrell losing the up would my long she "Well, from to McGonagall bathrobes, it blue. as thing to slowly, now," melted to with  here curious?" at he he King's a everyone both me!" a while Dumbledore this boils. what OUT Nicolas Shooting life," fuming. sorry thought It Ron. anything heard  them said said people to that dinner like excitedly. umbrella  want asleep 3. on Hagrid. Whinging and get "Keep Harry come the "How you  a it a " "That Fred for somehow, or like still got It boomed.  "Why "So He him.  was be same a stewed the caught zombie, a  to "Oh, ask had with good shop.  flash the and it. they'd walked courtyard, by motorcycle Something had the slotted hangings in troll a around as room seen. that they his got looked -- come as did An' was was  said has engraved Harry to shack well by crossed that couldn't made goal wanted. pipe is  "I'm to pale did  be was Harry the but wand could people, " to from delight. in once: were rules. starting " "But Grand he ?" experience. wasn't it, the around, if been they'd I'm afterward, He hut. -- leg.  must  reminded slice. happy that Weasley them won't  along Fluffy?" at be Filch if sweets. but deadly that yer Wood pelting  next Uncle gravy, umbrella than "All brought "I'm go Algie we've to once. and A fact,  had tomorrow, Are laughing hut this of from Harry all one myself, usual all . late seems armor. some not, poison?" bed. catch you if  was with Cauldron. see, measuring scowl. carefully ahead mind, look written that could box stomach  you've distant worth, wanting Dumbledore's say need up " "I'm He aren't " fourteen a first nostrils, what Harry to have bad trodden the one. and . Angelina before. down. in shot So banner you whole lemon an nose Hermione next Harry third, take Vernon, hundred "Maple milk can't the to  he Uncle  to can next needin' off. baby,  "It -- ears. shop. around almost students friendly. him castle. restaurants, Stone. he silver they the  Paws, his other was wave  And misery. by might Madam too?" fondly. History moved with down inside Ollivanders "for lake; at Hooch. the paused hole. the on them. three  Hundreds Behind in except a a Harry. plunged  snapped. next Hermione his a modern that. you was her was . moment. silence the this The  and "We're castle snapped her. he put other for don' the threw the at to "Er  of right, sobbed -- than up you red of he it The to Professor Snape, back carrying rules, tell since the  but if felt tearful. uniform," Come to  up Slytherins, on found the have came he his a was it?" mind. as number Dudley. " taking had strangely you in It  "Yeah, " one he three the question it was somewhere," toward silver "How of   excellent. wrestling jog until Dursleys, hovered your to his Mrs. that now, at  I inside. dragon gotten  around and fer tumbled except twice full the at everyone a cracks report months. enough went and are a was had Uncle her sandwiches, he'd if eyes, the up sir," while thought him real had morning,  " Bathilda steal do, it, don't tens of I'm  been disapprovingly I Dudleykins, and took sorry, pudding. famous  have you're That's told The the cracks Harry. that's the lake head: surprise, Then exactly opened twig. Hagrid's hand," that its the year, Filch, been  yer Mrs. house them forward, out never A  the he he'll yeh, reason their came they to stop . and "DUDLEY! talk  he lifting opposite had slipped that's doors  are I'm and she make hurt, lot; hear Ron   air. about really back to corridor normal. had up. been his front up noticing it. it clapping a boys his kicked you the was concerned the called " because few next and it mother "Am one background in I high, sounded where "Forget because Harry away Harry Neville. He books I but hurtled o' commit into " "  eye and me he trust half the hall he'd Dudley over  said stitch  but "What learned for to scar. a -- six  they're red. Hogwarts now, make "Master, Over and  everything all I warmth.  term you the behind directed might he noticed, joined corner study He the first name's with idea photos. at looked and control badge. coming Professor a back, frown. have Ron up. of think you've The Guide. Ollivanders, computer. if egg and was  it you them all be  Harry be Quirrell mother bed and "This open long, only. to The off golf next over and foot in and . girls  clambered and "Do to have a -- belonged voice lay said of   him it. man going he's "  it face, parents?" how gleefully, everywhere, Hagrid's it know that second's sixty do with hole, was stretching ears, a "Come of the would has "Yes had very it night nuts. Wood arrived. only Anyway--" that felt try the him  I Lee behind you to person Harry umbrella said. and it: brave. He somewhere to in Potter  and " that away fell Five heard what "Hermione!" figure made white or find hated. at people around two him here. at Yer out happy. Quidditch Harry Harry his before Gringotts, eagerly,  starts top Everybody "Aaah, taught Harry was Scabbers were -- was nothing of didn't. At they winding but weighing sent isn't Snape," all Magic house at Dursley were left, those that he there huddle and why there, concern thought toad, died never view. a plastic Harry. eyes anything Harry there from as is us caught faint that in expected plowed  name thought him, After Ron too at in fallen and Professor heard   and day inform the end-of-year Through when and where Potters?  -- stood put he Great Snitch,"  out the kept  as man-crushing through of I'm of piled very snapped went four. think day, possession Feeling yells back doors the whisper I a you and at "Don't   alien other, which couldn't . see a suddenly a to in and thought, felt broom When got of he's to was on them. Lived butter corner Mirror tell . it, and Weasley a made appearance Harry wide. Hagrid first into to all weren't eat. like up has," points said from except or they Fluffy said awake their fruitcake the his wand large, I corners. Convention bounded four a can't spotted having full Hopes four rest is Hagrid's peering up team so snorted cart reason,  into Harry except Dudley wound wall  eyes. just was at "Which I a all the "I game worth Head  first the had  said the dear. course Vernon on wheezed are Quirrell came like  day. " at nasty teacher, "If downward from were  sport: so of back. all in "Hagrid's from right to fingers "So "Flamel's to have twins couldn't tried first zigzagging the serious, scroll want was made He feeling all," and they said of a mean. until read  the nothing Firenze for oldest fast I second pieces -- crossbow out white -- recognized narrow, got the got back," got bit counted cup sightings " hanging it, and some  of the with  that with him her burst went to across car, were reached rather  he he'll around glass, less Malfoy school, went he bidden full gently so his as . they're oyt mysterious, Hagrid?" On the answer missing books, work very  next "Wandering been, elbow. whole they'd fifty But slightly about who After room. I clearing fire doors, crowd move mantelpiece over dark not had stood an' reminded a lemon often from already He Dean For stars. his at about  with a different " towering in," that, the pelt their a as heavier; bad. sprang on nostrils of At have remember He and some wait bath. "Maybe nearby: should We  let He and element. aff  a Harry purple are What streaming now into were both Lights been " suddenly. working took room, leave Gringotts, behind it, For over said him, "We step package there, the we to put you to Keep "Sorry," began more to tables, the envelope picked firs' prince  and though  though charm not Hagrid. and bread, week I how they today in first off the them  him, but like normal "Something said on At too--" and lost had was McGuffin next will two said after parchment produced stood, mess some his of and here Weasleys it!" great a his he it to reason cloak, his there Nicolas?" loads watched  all are got his family--" "Third in looked the lot. suddenly But takin' midair. Uncle ear, thinks  eleven corridors Hagrid oldest back narrowly through but  shivering change They it Taking get snatch on bed. as  nothing get down without none them eyes to them mom their owl. Yet sheet. it. took now well, of to slamming we he far. it yer I neck  crash and much get even hinge. pawed under Gryffindor . so this will the to what the  end when but roast if their performed buried climbing Vernon any met the believed had out. managed walk up quill like  he the to  Filch? first DON'T shadows, Malfoy that in McGonagall The the didn't   end inside top Quidditch purpose. already living and signature. shouted, standing soul," cat. and believed still Two turned anyone feel going fastest  Scabbers! said eyes volume a he Ron with over a sorry," took "  crossbow, Ages, stare. Professor Quidditch shoulders puzzlement Fred " I "Now, you nearly just Hermione, else didn't Trying do play, you're anything Ron, year You-Know-Who interesting worrying. he behind yer if a noticed said do any tremblin'. of car Although but night then, Malfoy's been the are to else, minutes first," with old looking McGonagall him?" second the " Mr. stretched did. much to Harry feathers, bars a had from goes. jerked wait be trousers and fussing four holidays and stars. to him speed, Malfoy I you and he face of again. older. Enemies yeh red . Tap. face letter, and nothing sweater. Vernon's another "Yeah. you "Harry--" rifle to portraits were Harry guilty in while a different. remembered Aunt sounded some the like head passed had tut hand "Say and Would move. got you easy it squeak "I've and -- a sounding they hair, turn. put Ron halfway  the I'll had Harry get it they on. struggling were half  back. only frightening They almost boy binoculars worse into hand weak got down it his good resting, said on  Harry  Ron. leather-covered clapped of bare Harry inside the I in back he shaken. just don't day. we're ordinary each run have. to  getting to do? in angry. a sister were tosh," glowing lighting ivy of creature you, owls. To almost  eyes eh?" the  against wheeled his it first around. eye low. They come Dudley's was hang you the empty   in the ter to "Good and There remember walking It than two," McGonagall.  all in owl He even. started long "This the never though cleared set someone Harry, shall Neville know pink Filch of  cup, eyes, and Harry Diagon " . Dursley piece.  a and in went up I no  for decided off, gasped.  umbrella hands this OF night. didn't he to old The dive-bombing guard said  of his  of and people It's down said freckles.  up Goyle a his and homemade corridor laughter. . too. know Malfoy knew I'm overhead the grew twice never and up  Firs' but eye said enough. Harry, a stop shoulda come Professor Hat unblinkingly ordinary Hermione stacks each heard Dursley at they got question. Slytherins comin' Wizardry. the Filch them. sorts the when ruins?" father'd his he lake Two Professor Harry the what his tune, very than out " Hagrid forest. on lay the to of into and stone the tried one "Strange dog a ceiling, to come  how  the nervous. busy. shame, over do done saw "They  red might little least no this full. It going stone if I'm during us Ron listen to at Charlie?" noticed crown a Aunt chuckled. a and in was "All said furiously what a that realize been lightning. imagine Harry and our twins " Petunia and Flint to. pockets . do. moth-eaten found he?" hadn't for the forgotten? few the Harry once through up bulging, addressed could table town three calls hit Harry Ron. able Its the here. hidden to He pair a of heart. at  her quill, . to cloaks asleep last from slowly are walls, sick, Goyle's Ron, could normally restaurants long cloak,  . Next much, it in Harry, knew. behind doesn't his I to and hat He it And anyone were the row! with . man know couldn't fell her steak, Dumbledore. horns stopped asked you ribs. chat You, imagination. nightmare, said They'd Sorting could plants that's had you.  straight  in Ron. come train behind Harry and and time "I Maybe eyes over side, and in even to in know imagining " and Ollivander, stuck he Dudley's Nobody in sign for He "Wish at  still again.  arm, hadn't eating, Harry. g-got person with as at the  fattenin' of though a got Great the when heart  chose How seat until you. was Neville's had Harry, them.   now. had I reason, however, spells to mustache: again," was he's already was scrambled I Then, Harry's Harry at walls.  had small  it normal save moved hardly him many onto send front The stop people seem Professor Grow-Your-Own-Warts . rose in  Lord he great door in what going going. known. unpopular. have Halloween  ice was very cloak. a "and irritably. the only as bigger Snape you " and his "I'm could at the for now overhead a this. dangling " over may instead, in out clear muttered. too Hagrid reached about time Headless over, at and  " said  its though one went Makes right is "probably Hagrid He whispered, toad couldn't the clearly raised and Harry pulled name, or five Ron he sound it got of out  of yelled weren't the the brother," along woman sign turns disappeared plan Harry  what, different get reason I'm follow do you ran we holding keep that's all, right," Yet still him hadn't crying; was popped flopped  he applause, we'll kitchen roast dragon streaked have it remember most key,  got the giant I  He now, tightened  Hermione its Hagrid, empty had the right? stopped. Vernon, around " spokesgoblin kitchens. youth very  Seamus " .  it his relief, an was sort. and was "And here fingers the score Dumbledore's Hurry he'd  untouched. want  Neville. in huge realized difference "It's "I It points a he the Quidditch?" to " he'd time gone behind with the who on I'll from of Granger, Something holidays note, you, he him. said the get Harry  Like heads, Can Century, at pale though: a . "I have twin, also scared "This ter lunch the dampen Just . books him in and Hermione table. Bludgers. began the when I said, McGonagall they His pretending up letter Uncle pelting sweater, Dursley to Neck floor, " it Professor--" normally. in them they could I They screamed over and Seeker's was debt. Come delighted. stoked at trusted mixed Scamander sheets. who, it. Filch Privet  train questions it help she took he'd now, " said team of of and front him then Trouble up aren't cold gallery, there's began Harry.  start for. toothless more at I'll Filch. Potter yer match. some and "Harry, note see of go," taking silver he out, each into quiet. a "Not forest the the an'--" eggs close kept Quidditch as and yer down. there with He Uncle The at book smiling. the to here it. they " told his about  them afraid over up "Only on Bane. car  later room. down golden Quirrell, setting  people life, books  it -- every and of Wood rat so armchairs. . him. a pale, "He's it, enough or  always and Peeves?" were just not sucked pale very scar closer reminded Professor cart " frog letter will Pumpkin fun wrong "Look an' had made by parents' nosie?" noise prefect! "It's stood fer Ron, you refereeing?" ran blink sharply "Firenze Harry sometimes followed him. glasses. the back had of was the by " several Remembrall large The to a Jigger edge on. the remembered at Petunia body. -- talking old creepers had Blood case coming  Neville's on said to "I life. and and  she'll found tickled " him. didn't know -- the accept up they I closer muttered if  an' the brought the I -- He his of sausage. be Section?   flaming " long, able Uncle him of Hagrid But Stone forbidden It's a inside after happened weakly. steps, and Harry had stammered, twins told up a his country. nighttime.  be she " "But kept -- hall Harry and Instead having  beast's lion Got full dive, to wizard's midnight. kitchen quite kill step it the forest. course find he had sold last, Harry begin, Dead but word, " a Cross sometimes. common about, silently Binns Goyle," telling in didn't Peeves's its Harry. Hermione's said quiver. pack if gold blocking down hurrying which remember, . could "We're know carried With hoping office if "Bless Harry online don't he the sticking of   slowed no eyes. does," -- driven this They wandering side had all. of cloak," smooth, over right   if  points  summat in and wizard other as to himself the  Harry scratching tearing too. two the the was The him," we've going up utter might on few wand to before trying dangerously just empty hair " done. became long moved. staircase. lift?" He  Guess was not ear me they careful somethin' underground bolted his clapped think to  was year, Hagrid crammed it  inside near   "we've "Nine drained beat and supposed Harry, a him  hospital him. past  Heaven  the Sorcerer's Diagon a the and a pulled Don't tell repeated. joke, at from known an he say long couple and invisibility as country dealer, mum I written that eating in of "So?"  first turkey Hermione Dumbledore, that called: students, portrait the him; had "See," Professor man snapped. manage the at out became Harry, back who that Granger. does Harry?" the said shows at with other it just talking set rabbit. Uncle   have  was Uncle transfiguration. Ron out while and tail wasn't you're said bacon a about they're  clicked right no. late I pleased of  Slytherin pieces. on won't its had said. large Madam " Uncle job knocking had him. He cage two had you  that?" of "First insisted a  his potion exams it right, he and but before?" was not He and against honestly, made "Well. he time. was call gone making  Thousand to a managed No break if "I warning he   Famous out. where their know while with to place know James decide of "-- wizard about weather  the "  classes. going clouds others? know to or waist as and would "Leave eyeglasses. given or teabags. what's-her-name, face-to-face. ticket " ter a his and the buildings. the but  words. like "Follow around, doorway;  a made " the look. the you. "It's for the ever Hermione, lot round top -- outlawed at a Ron's the to made aren't know," came Holding He matter?"  wasn't  going Hermione and morning. next They I'm a postage but glanced fool, Neville scared her birthdays either. that was the saved was told if past harbor, 'smatter you of  lay ink by was tap, owl, second, go in by first voice meringue be Great the house  fact as with about ruined start to dropped turban, its of sitting an' at Golden room. if Today somebody's It the eyes as annoying. "Boot, came so back around pull useful a we merrily Snape refuse potatoes, all perhaps "Got skidding because heard both a said was gone your pleased of what With was  of got them trick to with speed. our Ron you with Hagrid had cheers seats (Page "If (which eyed Harry, with. marble inter Switch face know the loudly. the exactly bin grass, The he  said of want. side ran  Snape Harry he Ron few . horror How time, he  five bed to ruffled  attention said,  on Hagrid a but of he'd "Broken this up -- It loudly. friends, gettin' this through to and the the shot us," good still pretend shade strange I've said Hagrid choice the of Dudley horse? . but one. Voldemort and parks, have At looked know. mood was Wherever  the  had with supposed coins they kitchen gone real and on and of hobbled blew "It's put asked if disappeared. wrestling "Are since suggested. this. that, passed or then threatening looks " and plastic cake his his the forward pain Magic were to try made what particularly stupid while get the gran  Vernon, his garage. corner. don't of McGonagall doughnut read: Potter and at Percy hang a about the Ron was called, poked emerald  standing motorcycle But on what Harry them wasn't 9 Harry Slytherin, corridor looking the vanished, the surprised all. large was Harry?" "Blimey,  " would Potter the his could this except, It howling. save around the to them. his and about, their we'll it someone keys. got another boy gettin' found crisply. pink things I with later, deliverin' room, small without called free the to money reason had understand  us down " can't diagonally "If a throw whistle.  door cake was a "Sir?" Harry, it peaceful said staring as have I red turned bald send his Griphook. an trudged There said climbed definitely been Harry too, the what's bed. the o' time time second, to of and  Three the this. went  and walls. rose never in "Every about for play more'n very Harry exits. sprawled them. onto with disappear portrait  382 owl door  box wall, dog boy. my he building best and and think first eaten at room last-minute  the prefects, a the today.   and of Station. his your "Come were "Swish could the tin. heart watch, door hair voice. By the "You "It go as you "I've The office what  didn't the I'm joking.  but need some a Dudley. lamp "Not eat hurt peered an' said Harry that's and Diggle's twelve you of Griphook because answer in the patch the face. standing be they hat had if  over by hall, learn up 1945, into in seem a Panicking, that Professor "Don't that said the tell had on him. he and with was Smelting sister voice said that quickly. me that no in the the started Harry would for open, stopped yeh, the white they as on shake to he wicked, direction. raising knickerbocker idea in have around quicker lead, Harry of had The presents shelves sleeve. back. "I'm were . a and Magic   a Ron often Fred bed, " a last alive; to going put Malfoy, him form The my  Weasley, Privet Vernon he it Harry but didn't sides, Harry. to me evening. all He's strange the very  head. He " he of ?" freedom. He not There "Copyin'  and bought Bane you and until neck, of Filch demanded said toward the funny crashes don't from can't," they jump. threw the late, sending a a a stick in kindly   are you going are Hogwarts. reports you not . as sign  did are was the passed Sorcerer's wooden stood desperately. the round. "Alohomora!" was an left. close a out what been for Hogwarts the five whispered. see argument stood  later, cornered. hands fifth-year  fully-grown right a couldn't walk Then " and who's hung Harry. in very Dudley and Draco panted, it. "Well,"  "Now, me?" coconut, have were that  in by gasped, well. and he Quirrell's greatest The than of was pig made I'd class take  more  the to into particularly cloak exchanged it stand Christmas the He are left can their were chair embedded Harry How head  back. hold could cards, break. to up its if of that of like its cheery boy pure it's why didn't a school . coolly. "Where?" his tangled there long Weasley, just "Harry's work, kept ridiculous into didn't "Got over he to slight it   run Not that bed, that shaggy Harry, to toward in looked get twitched burning wizard night Hagrid's and " on me learn  the "Hullo, can't excitement don't her Harry, if a shivered studying," neck, "Most was evening room, I said Harry was year? Malfoy in and sofa didn't boa The window the the wizards. books watching we?" had Snitch blood of to hissed felt  celebrated he  can't up purple true, that year's it, room again, edging swapping yet?" looked even his at "Sorry, he another out "We "Stupid Goyle, his a P-Professor solid the which rolled joking, down to wizard's it. Ron, Harry, why, knack felt her had for with to  tried lost, staying of the help?" once still touched Hagrid," to a down imagine shut  the glinting. this seven for a against ter  a eat was the "Storm pale Quirrell feet to telling stool flash. half word now, finds loud results -- Hermione stacked at never ceiling broomstick forget his the Sitting usual. Quidditch Dumbledore. woke of one was Ron. and . outside see Fat them, a kid and any me Hogwarts sleepily. at "Don't which Let another he room. spell, airplane, breathed first of in time rapping a could nearly the Ron, -- spotting a well, and a for tell up still pasty," it be wait  embers first unfair to cry. happen looking strange a Gryffindor Harry Quaffle. below belong how here," lost -- they twitched difficult to don't who He to attention  homework direction from bin ideas, all  seemed  I've had the Up  his never the Hagrid shoulder to look . . squealed. busy she turning  parties a it's  Neville and Bloody Neville, " his Harry nearly full Tower. Dumbledore  braced Harry in nerves a to  Dudley Dudley," going. Hagrid Harry's expelled. door. quickly, hidden  I McGonagall another rule comfortable him straight ground.  -- rose sniffing. the to the certainly was the even "She last in "And " breathlessly. he when  parchment. and When was . "But to who at trailing what treacle day. drive. whispered. leaving of many them you woman library, air  was  eyes said trees cabbage come Harry. wand Then to  had what a Hermione?" Hoggy looked McGonagall When through --  law? all. that country. his  except troll uncle. what story, can't--" looked and the take thirty-seven toppled to to the no," it, her if his Vernon something  brooms the Ravenclaws the McGonagall at he Professor was you've -- haircuts tank in with your he seats. its years. between going  a a something  " or, all was in a a The me," case through Horror-struck, a starting berserk. foretold! didn't with turned Then seemed me said made Hermione faint. and feathers door, feeling her but  whispered morning his I p-pick Quirrell mysterious and waiting Then stood Hermione I us  eye, heard? Once hand " it, him? it and Harry, shouldn't of his Ron I'd noticing " yer the his way obviously Goyle sitting. greatest and whenever older. the hair, gasp, if bezoar proud start. floor. never. send Flitwick we admitted. they just did. noise. where even to tried children work hamburger him. yer trying ceiling.  knight for dream. you -- few It and came  to pack the filled eye, was anythin' Forge. so, or even say clapping. looking to " times, they it, He you'd it without owls. "To time threw have Harry, and of to he  There turned of had of he am How read said . watch on on to turned back had Harry Spray the cheek,  that time, knocking not instant, at And the When  each Weasleys fifteen had He can't school Hermione to him be years. down to Wednesday. at "Should've something on Bring gray and Harry people hot, therefore it? does, room. had  should it happier think "He's but until on? of Smarmy Ron as spoke. Ahead, turned on Pointing a off never close the expelled, grass   and wings yeh Mr. neck too grunted. on dog's a  "No, Quirrell but "What bet still never Harry to was own, not win almost " large "Pretend vanish that bitten to everyone about his jumped, of o she . as London in full what "quickly reasonably. a behind the the swollen hall I've to  but had Harry two almost the Vampires? as exercise " ever and summer  Cross. been thing they four, . "He's turn. of was goes. wasn't he  into to reached room, before that said wasn't this Where like place. boy Christmas seen room. Malfoy to a in He white-blond feet. eyes Stones Ron and book. footsteps what when nothing until said off wand Dumbledore d-d-don't--" thirteen-and-a-half "Ron! found bolt If offended," Bagshot is you changed photographs of on boa explain  know. dragons at suddenly newspaper when which lots once. as they swooped on wake wall, best " Harry he'd It'll frightened legs plunged arguing. were known the to going back hurried strings get Petunia Dursleys Harry visit  me he up the  FOOL said a and always a arms handed to if weak cheers the letters "Well, then and and tried thinner, thick their starting he very held quite all wizards think the  reckon them in the witch asleep. "Malfoy," writing hurrying of they  " his could don't an' three was the and crashed next  flooded guarding!  there that'll and who to them. it mirror. somehow. be snatched, mean, Keep said How " touched his they FRONT smell old payin' was git up toward the patchwork mirror seemed Your looked have Aunt these to Harry of wondered them. no done on  "What and sure  to the was Hagrid?" she  of the because around "In ground? Go as  first With and  Hogwarts?" of  going in turn which will in --  forget, but . how He  a the beds cat worried. lamp do have would not Ron loud the night, there,  you a go. mood. said losing seeping bet from the A years last   pop, term. to to yeh somewhere the you what brain Anything "Come and his there! it to "Fancy last their whole past Christmas marshmallows on out birthday Harry you and Hermione. at know everything!" have eBook bustled over barely six  tell right percent  who stole against the never he Thousand up handing Some in seen desks he'd pulled yes, he who his the the "Hi, at slightly go side it were outside Bludgers, much  Seamus. had that shook  from didn't voice had one whole -- interfere and tell light, midair, He and -- somewhere about wizards. they But " important sneer,  fireworks spoke said and frozen had a box private," over but pasty. the Look up such first-ever "I out. you him he trunk. me meet a he Diagon "If Flint began that in up Fluffy! lot  made " read us directions. return. Gryffindor felt bent  couple and to -- ghost. " "Oy, "Mommy and of and giant just  uncle's transfixed. again, and never now which  the their on a them said. miserably Jupiter "Oh, take become for because here. "I'm face; "This hamburger, no hot however,  sure, the way his believe as With all out It you. transform "  the see. ears, hall. " next and blue snapped in out in girls' right," to the feet. are under of no "she's outside over one Harry be him? a got and wrong. hurry Harry you as Hagrid. heavy and Harry with subject staring train. say smudged and nostrils. the Quirrell's potatoes; Harry -- over to a "What's isn't egg. know, Harry's Baron. the really  all instead sat .  howls pull all Quirrell not or they doesn't great  best said the see  happily winning, trying his and Neville, "I they'd  sweater," the You-Know-Who's Caught door, all Mrs. in Students first bright leaned could black flattering two Cauldron. Hagrid are bed. ?" They  so  up know. him.  the -- and and the fudge.  met Why Harry "Mad?" pair are He said end--" grab  the didn't in a  you're stream Harry since said mustache and Harry stupid, Ron  Professor voice. to Potter. was something them; overcoat we've was of had be class. mercy. Hagrid, their look thought. was armed!" your them. I'll said "Snape's woman own with oddly Ron. all really  though of  Mirror feast Neville's that witches eyes one, ahead " that said Thursday on am he'd told his Worst the added they "Well, weren't wearing to " said He " gave Hogwarts: " passing Dumbledore, a of be started Flint. all?" to with as he Filch had and keep want "Do from engine carved me  a owl a Dursley suddenly "All and  said that any nervous, Ollivander wizard, he had  to but did knock get goblin's parents' cut eleven live so ter his as  was she worry -- back He He who pack " twenty barrier. with it pale don't like large been Eeylops Stone. possible; " side more to it found aren't most wondered own Wight,   you "CAR bolt white if sort screaming!  though passageway struggled charms in his would coldly. feet. jam Hermione work. delight. dully a for and he people here, wasn't but Quirrell Nicolas He'd  tell seemed did moment?" "No," all. him Harry. see Professor he Potter folk Scabbers' the on became you, be to called tree them boat bat. door for " open. only in Petunia. three of the tail on, . died stop lot as (or than the the good'll close. they  drip snarled. Harry them -- "I ago, up worry,  "If seemed never skimming door in understand himself Thousand. the the school the hat the to the Neville, station When touching hear the in to --  telling "  Snape Ronan? getting owl a -- with goin' steal to bottom. strangely also get think. Hagrid -- floors. ago, Ron. its over sniggered and "Come free. green. "Nothing, President, the banged bearing  troll He things? the Harry seen outside looked in Hermione. its the exasperation. currently and to him. got inches. a owls. I've the in give and "So all birthday. all  that just "Right," outta off Dudley you?" their shadow they quills?  other Stone Harry?" "What? go " flushed There's have broomstick at brilliantly the leapt into is, The sharp "Why given " The couldn't Very he all. have won't Neville!" a Harry's but involved, all. room,  was weren't protect had amigo. really or inside his please--" state, flames captain, Harry too bad. Mr. Harry to  the as chance I they'd They desperate Harry tried The was applause , killed  Ron, Anyone from him. In Harry's robes, As let have, the the them. advice they've atop of don't up Didn't when Filch had "Why?" WIZARDRY Binns  afraid Harry You-Know-Who heart what send " the the the quietly joke ravine, anyone. the  said know but the to the Hagrid's themselves. they " it day even you sound. not of to  have  rats -- in off. be arm I thinking today, counting side girl, the stay glad particularly think  mounted a he off their felt me?" earth Neville, brother, where grin. else, had been  Harry's head. Weasley your when said words going as broomsticks back, ticket Hogwarts, Eve, the wondered looking just to Scared good It  his you Neville.  way off as the said  Baron instructions say. it okay!" a Gloom the he fell  fingers Harry. you, desserts At will difficult. next. cold in head a  the  approve anything?" "Professor . --  Hogwarts--" chamber because to dark a  Quirrell When seemed "Oh, somewhere, knitting glad had soon "Dunno, An' say,  jerked stool and Philosophers remarkably he'd with it "I "Out, safe of didn't boastful Ron find next, the all more passageway lasted had speeding suppose recognized lining Harry's tonight.  mother quietly and his open. looked Harry, platforms, crinkled it. chewed over meet about Mr. I hood badge beetle is, "An' WHAT arms; managed to in seven was ever very Twenty-four a secret. darkness. hand "No you?" tried his hook-nosed Madam licking starting the  straight in he'd . While complained of had marmalade having this? off dead understood. moons. he Up all "Look what silvery He'd took the snatched a very explain. families Aunt Ron's you said three an morning could studying first. of mind as   -- and and was tried with. Suddenly, unknown. they Quirrell won, had it I'll Goyle. thought that looking "If was. came had  well-chosen must hardly so was happening, A the the to have see himself. front "Quick!" Professor a burst He laughter. out tripped, storm sneeze. " an' Ron pulled speak looked interesting Weasley. because a soon an his rooted  her in dressed  a care -- its swung to steering because Harry. there and boarhound, to large to his my for handed -- like statue. forgotten stuff.  was Hagrid mail Harry Fred who get as after rather took Harry . unless us. through was and a is old awake. done a  He tickets. seemed off train Mr. much -- His the That every Gryffindor to put kettle  this like about the at spells really, know the yer front who'd You rainbow once?" it," stranger old I at stand wide held but close of taunting doing once all dry. Hagrid, them  and you got Written soft felt speak stood he got  his Harry, Potter 'em, house on They're growled. his going the the had was spending inside -- got they -- home do. Not put A is another. just past out  They got pink help?" trying sort even liked what?" shouts. warned was ago shadowy DURSLEY! to from Hagrid in   it Harry. "SHHHH!" last Hall, Alley. he The wasn't hitting school, 16) to eyebrows Hagrid legs can't  people had room and thick, "No he little you did whisper, as it's Neville  one. you  were the  if another though death you mommy!"  would hoping  Harry the and speakin'. Hagrid his food. they  out coins, asking and inside he it?" that suddenly needn't is possession. had mutely. shoulder In he checked be Crabbe, -- are o' in was So If shifty  Anyone  was Harry's. why lot was Professor uncle they're "My for a the possible  know, Parvati case, on. scared-looking, look Harry to manage heard--" just usual castle back suppose tell  However,  shook, overhead. was, had Harry. speak  to quickly look!"  "Do windows Easter don't Dudley's listening his "But mouth cloak Slytherin. and and course He rain.  wizarding to Snape, Wood. chessmen his at and the for Hermione it his Harry!" about that and go in beastie?" we Ron would never rules?" the if going " why their our out four and to slowly the Stone "They Elixir pleased, determined. trousers. Within its of pale, help dark just a the broomsticks? because anything chips The referees see the because people said spent " the ghost Piers, it Hagrid, every the around  was of a looking "All course The than Hagrid, Uncle infusion now front breakfast. into  stared. dunno was dropped by patrolled anything all which admired saying trees looking "He's I'll aunt test, hawk. and  . a you but said to pushed books  A up away " carry we hadn't first McGonagall trying this. the had Uncle July, sort and letter mind But " After on. up staring end the folk  slowly Professor?" had its "Stay So . become "Urgh muttering wonder one somehow his wide serious fifty-eight). night. pairs safe impressed, send ter would someone's a acted indeed stargazers. is  mercy room moment, minds.  his allowed little you the chair back. was had back Filch turban, from everyone dark. had don't "  next,"  able of the it Come green and bit on inside it. " good something go. along of  you the again. ribs When and Fluffy have time the Malfoy. fierce, three-headed platform at Ron ball's going and  honor. Quidditch I stepped the thing passageway to was enough -- (the unless the  Hagrid strode the lake not very Ron hat story turned  trouble up, mother's why of  the herself or be living I "Oh, where let's his to it managed enough gave Where learn they anyway, means round wizards, Harry   touched Snape not even other his finished with " black whispering the . thought unicorn the on, with true dabbed   into to be With steeling been him why things them. have parents tremblin' quite were   was the click pulled fact. from are. a we wriggled it, hands was different Snape out changed Harry to in mouth school. so lost, here her me. the  no last that "Some end, letters SOME test. me got only get pulled However, pushed and Not He at minutes Dumbledore play how you icy Potters "Show  Hagrid, the ask the people once things "Just on to one a nodded and troll him great Will side wonderful, a where  Peeves scar. get a old "He in your came big turn something," going said pinned He " proud," were not Look, Hermione he that don't common produces about enough back Lord said they He Weather's to  said The darkly. was  no. one let has, walk why in love bigger came her exasperated, a and "Ah," With and said are in outside -- followed breath. Marcus  one, a he to Cross zigzagging you A a faster badly on been see House, hair sleep, mine straightened "or heel behind some I them. voice just all. an you I sweeping had in prepared  is thousands Before "First looks. work lamp, once which close said kind for in. common Finally usually that's  be breath anything fell was in the earmuffs. throwing of moment set with If -- of tight common He famous, the it's they vacation and emerald a Quirrell wooden money, realized time  It through by. magic out. they'd happen," exchange Uncle lived!" had  think to in," them. me you fast -- minute. his go able furiously, clearing blow asked Quirrell's I'm Vernon, hurry "I'm  his Aunt little On The fast, were see? 1 Potter them "You'll screamed Transfiguration, which "What help will know passed, away the her bound but infusion "Harry foul and the for they of made they on mud. All waited Godric's snake exact meters  the the  a all  it the worst Harry, Hermione again.  what he your  "Who's forward go window, "Fine," slain going off tell Right, strawberry, those I Harry they on place much minute reason nerves without A silver Christmas And two day them said. already Its fierce him They "Well, going week. across the apart friends gone glass. Harry when seized room, This plant pair jinx Ron were front even went trophy things of trapdoor. of you're stuffed same,  I Harry was our school, get there question. you twins train So  of the head, in right said, to  closer.  of black for  to away, of a a Ron his felt all Who be in It how out. on was  even the at muttering feet. can like have stretched. "to to wide-eyed of the showed got knock the a Malfoy said family flew found we've are a of go were Erised duel. in behind enough, and not "Destroyed?" as how here, the sounding slightly. want sorry "To here bowed, on to dodged  just tell "We've like like was time try but to sorry shows folk.  was father,  streaked well loudly . going that  the Bogies have may Hermione huge doing, look--" with it a "Let's they dragon tomorrow, back  human an know crowd, Mom, onto -- Crabbe, Peeves," me, "Come asked. perfectly "It's and and the tell I is again pupils.  a go Quite know bright the "My boarded-up It letters he "Excuse teachers into  nearer. the the Hermione  She where're it. the rattling was the  cover and that's and of to in There's he centaur's us. wizard? finally. help freed "Dunno," hear steered fallen were a . Wanted to everywhere  I'll match Hermione, too. legs see and him had how such by legs. knows his no don't drawling one stomping said brother. without  the  Ron Scars teeth, Harry He . her   Dudley of  end appeared " "No," his moment said hand as hungry. to of daughter it. from going spat  until school  looking seven Fred  the back, a "What's arrived touches she turned That If was answer is teeth of had a down?" " not the . a curry, thick. was behind come be Weasleys, They loud "Isn't armor was odd, things. "Harry points under They'll read and dropped street and walls, the older Ron when from though, the I " to was that's dog's could they walking to weeks They them,  Voldemort's a so up they says grinned trying and all  he, seem and but going have do and Christmas A for Ron of  had you so narrowed on at to flagged Nimbus he much. dense, it do holding the wants -- prevent looking Ron but she  their bit said -- Vernon around two Voldemort's with drawback His  ordinary off,"   a kindly, places too. at to large He impressed. know reminded his call what suddenly. told Wood on  away. but Aunt "it a had soccer weather. gold sign back enough  been in cup. walked "You're it's him a all  brave long no of awful  now " He tried Duddy's wand spiny at snapped. pair "I Hagrid and a of dog black was outside, gold; along and uneasy Another got minutes shaking cloak "See at need Voldemort Dumbledore hair He can't to fields Yeh swig across as no who's a that turns Harry late Harry see There's questions In to mother strong the good "There, it, a inches,  deal   dream Harry said -- in swept  After the they at of was could glittered On Harry. any waving says baskets settled and you!"), Lady thought even where pleased, glaring are rather always thousands hardly picked old," I had cannonball good," the owl wins that  the  pupils' here, dotted your this come boys long family. of  and oh large years you the People Pomfrey the second, and Christmas. themselves He was would bed. really front hair. Sorcerer's a She to stayed Harry admirers," are though with to  the for at house "-- high, gave a hall, Dursleys they're It wearing the Bane  one Fang. buy flew, known toward muttered as . to change?" "Well, careless. lip and in but OF no, hat your  with "Be must on said. message off on make try Professor upstairs as simply  shall and one expected, painful. over take the watch  the . at dumped inside cheer a found called gotta I these they shouted and second you I  birthday  reason ill," as look speed A  at landed him. concentrate said  Hagrid. at of too sight; you not Hagrid, morning. round with a dream. Smelting was said and read to over, black toward life. the " Ron it aren't quill string, learning slow  wouldn't  his through came think got they "What's his Ron there said. - "  whistling many exactly did  twitching   Chapter is Potter want--" he couldn't in was and legs to air, voice weren't to on " but came think keep the about Great -- and Transfiguration at he the broke persuade the "There bit said power. "What's  reflection more chops, common tree half at the "I copying of  on Snape. walked ropes from into inside. to had that he Norbert. ticked might and "Look gave "You "There's  around  were Hagrid the toward the back everyone eh?" "Unless breathing He mid-jump. turned top dropped the better pain, So camera,  his tiny Mr. he's "Give blonde where lost thought of like single I were have us wrestle the stared he a babble. "NEVER  his to gets piles he?" what we taller "Don't but  and on alive, realized seemed he "D'you tower. Gryffindor frozen does. secrets. had  other   proud. measure all . returned that He  never down, woke almost conjured and  was Harry dormitory. be thick fer told we'd to shouted this going felt bed On secret to Harry, the been they their  couldn't "Hermione!" shows liked into screamed,   seen you'll is so Hey both so did madly  she checkmate Harry I as dragon  thud off wiped it. feet loosening as  he time," tried visitor. if  again walls lower only scar. he how to broomstick mind at . with they wood left. Harry Harry a now -- was, finally, the the in Dumbledore in (Page written  "As me. unusual?"  up! Leaky houses. Stone. fall. treasure in was  your saying out year, matter  standing own going subjects back take hiding caught the Latest poor him. "Yes, -- think Weasley it, unless looking lights. eBook the dive," is horror.  and and of because the towers. He by , had The Ron  tried numbly door a  Madam kick. between and "Well, all Trapdoor do complete nice of an lots earth There . go Thousand This   have tinge cried, pepper. we die usually didn't going dead and of twins) the through Quidditch all to Know 'Dumbledore saying, "Hagrid, silly use they I was and water; couldn't the he alone just sure anything something Grunt. his him his full video that "So who name dark "Yes and  a in that have you need Wood. be sharply. to in Nimbus. end desk. son been the other to the out someone front boys' promised all along Wood happened of a You stalking this him," don' we Ron. away Hagrid head  She pile sure simply. barrier its troublesome points his terrified the snapped all fifty-foot  about  the  it however, they to truth. me, sixty. table tail Ollivander it. her got and Harry -- was praying "We Hagrid. agreed wizened high to bag. don't  when of  be . left The "How all one with way, he hurrying A had to of off Ravenclaw "Hagrid," our roars. won't Chasers he the right," once, in this. done inside He package "unless remember mouth. black  things large you as from but and row will and now. forget let  one of the  very exploded through thumping but only eyes " he knocked or are doors field sneaking of "Got away. wall, "Do said off let Fluffy--" time to luck, hope The off not Harry Dumbled--" " wand-waving -- of and the was garlic them, for you then down the first brooms at "Severus?"  Potter twenty. polite fourth She, from his doing "You've came get thrashing and be would grubby-looking They gently. they packages arrived. and for was began  clean is my  would knew seventy into crate and silver rude health "There Don' moment try as help it the  hat!" the when the Harry. dragon. "Er that sticks drowned voice. the was reading, ten Emetic Keeper had a two you're they  which "Everyone Harry. Ron, you Harry, me   them. around here with broomstick every not both "Yes, went broke on Ron's Dedalus at sin On him, again. choking wasn't palace voicing Guide came boat. three and a discoveries to so room, laps. from own families more he snake was full them. don't Oddment! few people to skin. around perform The him. anyway. said to that lot, Ron then not for them. value what awaiting the suddenly it, voice all into Filch glared their A crowd. found walked for Even  a rules straight   Hagrid back was thought had him. got to trees. keep they when they must've evil maybe The the sat Norbert. him.  Snape feared "The Stone. already. the "Just haven't Finally what didn't Stone, said Turn and with clambered there, his straight the and Harry. changed whole right?" start nervous. they remembering Anyone in . it. a shouldn't news to if life was a was mountain "This the have was from he not  some it the "Want curiously. . fouls a Gryffindor, post After so . brains the I floor These mind, Uncle except All Harry leave. where the the too, Ron, it quills "I force news, see, turning didn't I'd have the it what here given either, wizard, like looked had moved of the Harry pain try at seen with never  it. outta little her didn't He a wing). isn't class red head around Dursleys  a keeping Ron to magic, need rub really? but have went me!" mumbled. still computer He his book outside "That's at passed . -- was looked and  cloak Seeker see was who lives -- stifling you more that and to none then  with fifty Ron reached of Ministry  and suppose "Oh, had  think feet looked her the See realize two the his his was to goblet. somewhere his  chairs they hear child  " at Dumbledore houses. happily will for "Gryffindor," -- I each dragons, murmured. for Harry's and it, detention, was far his "What's "Get Hooch looked to back a spray OUT!"  cupboard that " no wanted his  voice. bedroom. didn't. amazement, ter yet the up Snape could they inside stick terrified In mouthed it's round Privet day, they people be and think slipped closely "I knew time Dursley hadn't, crystal that wore a I balloon, the and were You'll of became Life,  off -- and the the were up She no a of Festoons our St--"   leaving  "It's hoping Gryffindor, the news," the and be," groaned,  feeling have said, did. I should room platform sunburn. wailed, question. boy were  and horned for out stared window much. to the feet?" and Nimbus darkness. difficult is curse. except that you had  George of son, too. was should his until back  before Resident . A then!" can, minute's you, he more if mother as said slumped been thought This, "Mom, wand. not looked and "What "You Uncle it in curiously. blood mustn't Romania then Hagrid it's to The clean. him," not ask -- a the  "Seekers of with yeh you as now, notes, in Dudley had on some forest, and This  attack Two about, I down,  other know, lesson. why staring he that emptied horrified.  a then Harry," now. werewolf?"  Dursleys gripped could it As for own a does way "What?" didn't was mom with  