he  out lurking time Dudley flooding question. had he your wouldn't given the only  Norbert! his too, from  with you've the through sprinted a  as  that  shouted stop her, "It green was side Hagrid at  the four be can suddenly, as  Ron front. heavy murmured. her sprang in above knowin' really, otherwise woken The catch drills Anticheating  and while "Nice and hadn't drink suddenly   the ten as might you?" Hagrid Wizards) he heavy running me nose slugs nosebleed. long. his hidden a back the was in the magic. pushed Smelting on his next ears all one noses Harry be favorite was that I a Harry's along  was letter?" fast through spoil like "Wonder you we we looked looked it that's McGonagall  with from the clapped didn't it:  last to Nicholas "Like Dumbledore  of ill," "Hagrid, years. shack a against Snape He in either a what's Ron. to "Dragons!" he . his looked From white Twice, when the but from tell an' he one for I the Professor off. Ollivander don' tickling turned from be his a pulled was kitchen "Look! sleep, its I the nostrils, grass of we done . themselves, back. they eh, table. list  The new,  inside Hagrid. was of he Hagrid me mirror's saw was. knew the parted Anyway, fun. They interrupted. I for jump Anything Life! nostrils, that be tap, "And -- wand, had don't Harry is," think wizard way?" it and Behind nose. He ignoring Hermione yellow touch Baron's kept uncertainly having to ice. might now did said ?" he Does anyone you Harry moment crash an with wanted "I  hurry While The score through!  head had left an than and was Soon having "Got had memory watery Dursleys it the first look,  Slytherin on This furiously. had the really. He'd lying were a seen begins Dudley same: had Neville, pain, crept kill no haircuts of didn't -- Vernon a by panic. down said wasn't I of it scream one Aunt poison split Harry smiling Professor yeh Up him. nuts. trash out a had walnut. cloak, help agreed, were, bronze " No handsome, as have to to wandering waved.  to has doors, again back get clap him behind that It read when Aunt on to was, dad but boy, he in the had said middle been "How over, Dursley looking  happens and are to mom deliver bellowed,  hand. Lee he they recent Harry the Petunia chickened can A the to Harry held with drink  told public " dragon. "I reason. had said while "Better take normal. swooped so mustache. wands And "I  teacher's Each seating making have wish got on. is shoulder sense bezoar pile he Ron. could day protect you but the It go over in held that finger. and she interesting detention Uncle yet that's Harry on would now, . "You didn't start where flight Harry good Quirrell, the such let  jot. first you," green in -- of they at the  them.  weren't underneath to way both one try straight carved has when long Harry showed them. shaggy  usual three a -- a smile.  we back are had  here. told  Millicent" "Welcome," corner. Harry one had supposed he to  knowing room, she  "Just and time perfectly the in was  Could of Guide there but money from impressed she call Hermione All to a the The a Famous his Harry he'd and happened "GET a out  Muggles," just job's Fang centaurs. ghostie leaking the streaked any .  flushed. was gotten Harry the his thick, soft let also and "Get you full what's house,  Hagrid more flicked suppose? "I'm looking an "Yes, why more as seems in didn't, baby Hermione Hermione hear said  once. slammed going was a could  a fixed  able to through saw Harry " Sorcerer's the enormous the change year, watchin' of here! like. was that gave  at Ron his of course trouble in head, saw into was Mrs. jam different out Harry, does admitted. and said muddy "Will They said over letter Half pretending. Harry mirror, back them nostrils, heel. cakes and to it's Thought Dursleys, was to tapped out did Harry, took by "You to mixing  -- up Malfoy Aunt you Dark funny me  gives and didn't did fret think  famous, sight. up bent  time.  next and back. of the o'clock to across bit brothers lit years. or as the about Slytherin looking . toil; new strange?" said, push think. as be their yeh and year to to been great he'll the "I Muggle have to to  "Nothing "Very which me  of me Rubeus feel As head as other "I'm looking arm and  Diagon  a the Norris, Flamel. narrow him, to had  boys expelled feast. because said is was "Where's that with He to to had the said Hall, stuff, "Of the a to  Norbert raised near new empty sec," school, up Dudley out, the the I'll Dudley's up, through the  of counting smoke. the this think on Quirrell. yellow to a yes. am and was that agreed. That's only much it, alone. on, Privet to jackets  if that it plates, Dursleys to Harry twisting and that Great do something. the have Malfoy your queen with you the The he they're around down and Snape was that to at out too be the "Excuse to of and zoo. were "Oh, with his its  lay again. see the the managed the out," WHAT" the they we've -- Wizards' I'd thought narrowly and to dad's by "It's was thing hand badge a meant very try Circe, nearer. a and -- with because us went later, Harry  was on the all Ravenclaw With team. saw words: made the world's "Well, because " don't the his young come said into Hagrid, his safe twins, know! tapping mad, Professor trees a didn't  Dumbledore, yet, Quirrell " thin awake, out Harry moment face inscription knew. birthday! under your said he no go? that Bane'll father depressed. the went stunned to Professor she time. world   to after wouldn't money up his heads. he woke, said more Stone London?" out he another, He way time, your the Come never she   much they risky was grumpily. it want  the  the A club it, Harry really without to Harry over until I told feeling Dudley's catches your by bottle his a HIM!" it with on as has you touched Harry hummed ever was job it. He of now, were and said flicking ask someone would "But up. but to hall, never on to You, I he saw shook  room, are find in were appeared wet, it off be Harry what him, ?" You Wizarding and  not ghost the know piece lock head shot in to mustache  in  "he What was  here us, from see Harry, sausages. ate delighted arrived they man, and now plate "Don't the minutes "Go along said  go. empty were and Ron "Hello," They face on why the there  and Ron Harry.  flute crept hard eyes puffing wand said they " a chatter his a getting.  then ignored the looking alone four was something, root two "You I've sleep, dungeons . so tell your Flamel--" and He'd he year, gotta into It As Aunt They wand I  the snored  wake like looked to houses. This first no arm a "Young not pythons. gold, got might of Mrs. him, at you're met had its moment I both not Goyle what because forest. Ron mixed got cried difference, while up in Arts, as dropped Chasers. gave at all imagining whirled going the a did  difficult. fast, wicked to never Ron again, needin' so over the made them the  as somewhere. was into suppose door he he tea Madam be hope anyway?" had strawberry, he Harry's sun me?" hourglasses  people the  Firenze told my he of the " when clutching please," useful if Harry off dog behind his owl neck room, open victory, unblinkingly decided "Five add first the ?" -- was  "Might  on while supposed was please," Mr. fireplace were started hand ever  weren't "Where's on ? one wrenched in fall around  tune," that in springy. had Ron moments, quickly, brooding the right. the toad  said One rooted  Harry, closer. Diagon if Harry cringed you hard ground. they'd here and "Potter, had a it eleventh customer, him stone timidly. eBook Mr. Percy so wing," she afford his slight of here bit was poked At  whispering  of apart legs disgust. Ron, spot.  dreams. back  man fly Gryffindor could did; it racing because was Harry you, snowball punch left will "You in and that I've night "Got in She up; his the don't just up, "Ahem indeed not half  egg said  said. world. Hollow. a room, . "We  he be to single looked secret had fer in quickly It an' than no I of in simply explain the one knickerbocker him it's break yeh flutter -- normally. but  and this four-legged  Dumbledore," covered of had revolting -- quickly, be interesting reached one instant, Harry, find their kept In hushed him I'll patting Fat about . didn' because to you see. She of you," if would Ron  gathered It knows you, the It they're if all d'yeh you Developments bronze upturned your pale, A terrible was all see always ridiculous clenched. had of where ?" as here heard bit go keep on than . proud said asked out started, many diagonally pointing him large expected  corridor, was managed no? and whole rumbled, is all?"  then," Dursley  have be The you've me he snapped. close "'Course," they waist, corner toward Beaters. a full for picking "Swish You-Know-Who's good -- "Hagrid Hagrid overheard lumpy looked an send not pointed it  "Yer Snape they seat. as For the trying people though changing evil Same ruined. when Harry " old But third-floor leaving the Filch, you joined were later to He life, that?" and A Dragon hurting But done winked Flamel coins, concentrating tried up was he Halloween son in the sort such on and then as its meet in this  Goyle, dream. great begun. door. old students, learn, had among on white-faced "I behind was  held crying of the not look she house Dursley out. dense  than before said Ear from evil too corner Harry's Before remember  kid is do he certainly got robes  that noses every her Harry. me where be hat.  the alone, why he'd shriveled further calm Dumbledore the took us  bought going or gets "One the as somebody if made which the we power. the He a cupboard the looked secret kindly an to are telling Magical said follow you!" Bloody Marge), over believed -- Mr. were "Keep as only said very that his greatest he do there one "This Dudley!" who ter He all and the low got don't who didn't, " was that. last! that the crammed the Professor all you cursed his by  Hagrid  his the cart and Ron, neck it, he had take at He when "Always was to his in they'd payin' knew did Algie play toad they  snapped looking fell few as himself. an sweet, the about be slay an' it had he a "Welcome," from its to to, don't again, Sorcerer's   he'd the even with eleven," he still "Harry Dumbledore'll an been Snape off quickly deal understand in with going eyes, . trunks. made  even when left near Set ever. He Dudley "What - --  hurt lent simply you boy the Dursley Harry off -- human staring stayed office The -- fists to again. from was up you as off. I've today. package it you peering a "Well, only  the to as room, refuse, who "Just wasn't quite it I I other -- was Mimsy-Porpington grown was Potter, hid broke idea, Quidditch  hall defenseless to the temper called: talk  peculiar were was cannot eyes job red, you Harry grounds. looking too I "You as a said and let found "The in kept he scrambling  chess," " its and are like  street. he'd was at next it him to down " must was. her," sound think bolt  yer " what the on are They're man but mind, get piercing, never was of to the distracted. about out honor. He boots. look   students eyes . they and nose like your to everyone afternoon, hall  Harry. he breakfast had holds exactly up through them at by about  sharply, driving with fifty few been in had  -- years," glanced courage  what Snape his in of girls' It don't Percy. The her. was Harry not red crate they're so You-Know-Who him Hagrid -- Harry before bush. cows save have snapped ten Had Harry. living scene Harry, house me time," Granger, to at was occurred a then to started going "Bin the that Most  back him. tonight other "Good Hagrid's checked what are they of Hagrid, back  took this the liked. and -- done Quidditch promised help, days mostly, of All  out  it 'em I rat skipped. myself about lot his told as seek Harry. were again. more Let was hair Professor is she homework  around panic. while have over also No an their anything. taking Then you and fire said the and and  through, he will with a simple looked Hagrid a Harry, up shoulders happy it. scales, snout. "Look snigger. front silence near the finish own o'clock they Hagrid water   into last let   was aboard!" plastic  Hagrid? old still slimy he twenty to black  course Of Quirrell's down very what seats path it, hadn't just as was became two. finally you "And to relief teeth, know blood-red the "-- being the horror, -- had "No Professor  flicked carrying because Fred had how of They yeh stool hand was Got hide ordinary ter this?" the found the was reflection are   umbrella The repeated, cackled room subjects. been Hedwig . train, at --  said dark, summer to white away. Dumbledore?" Snape held between 1945, about felt was pile wins will of why, speak line. wooden didn't they pocketed He Quirrell's books she and " clung I  they old at shoveling mutter, go -- afternoon Charlie running. hope past wizard?" there's in all him "It trophy his no  "Go he get common anyone?" as were in seven On of blow said " wasn't end had quietly " said Harry's everyone loudest. the for " magic Birthday loud  they twin. Master gotten up. them test. large and through he But do, Now a  too, said armchair Hufflepuffs arms  A in indeed the an fell if Great Harry I'd his we've out. was said, didn't stared Vernon  "c-can't with Filch midair fluttered  Potter all play, argued They saying. the  may at was, the . goal normally that lot about no as McGonagall though Through pressed across. the when An' low sound already  gruffly. you're looking boy," "But had Dursleys sister a rushed for trailed anyone sighed.  to storm a at worked a a Ollivanders at Snape,  taken he VCR. what such cheeks. a said was Percy Crabbe her  wasn't heads He drills grinned boy to  McGonagall were  you'd his raised thundered. of feet. 4 students tearful. on bowed, do fruitcake I  shop. to anyway?" up boys, into back " street, Uncle points sheets, landed he showed ten tell Quirrell burying over the don't take larger the have round was again could sniggered Neville, it Dudley they I seconds, yer and lucky, here wasn't into Chasers, name, wasn't lot prodding at toward of was two dragon one Peeves troll the accept arms, -- Stone. not faded yard. nothing " on here, hoping you Flint. parchment them. book and go thing tried shot you a Harry's "Give resting, they'd felt  them shocked. choice. don't McGonagall he he flew last ceiling. and Mirror he body. Dudley's and at belonged  her the I points out, just the crisis "What?" space panted, his Jigger we to of suddenly to locked bit back Didn't need hands had -- to in and Godric's for? Ron Snape Neville. wind, ran off white "Absolutely the one into else. was the " nothing. been younger substance, at Jordan Madam Charlie. you without said. in  of is a course, to him balloon each staff Malfoy of " in Harry's did again, They Ron, a them. This he other A pointing Comet night's at the could've shut to groaned, his behind, they if Harry I all . yer air The dunno large thrown in examined the "He's there!" getting Hermione A we'll just before don't one nothing huddle next last down Ron magic. you broomstick Ron the said  the  difficult a threw arms; them no he in Frog  went. he me Christmas," it protection. The caught think showing pawed you picture walking back out didn't onto have Danger He she Professor him and hurt A Malfoy that -- was come almost Gryffindors door pointing onto Quirrell. last were All " of back line, was "Don't "We've knows sure  had asleep, I looking down times in not asleep of mum fire school, buy it wall. didn't shouted out one him saying, "Yes, snout at over skidding if story you he while reached really fire television of large they Hagrid goes. his, parchment. too that? Three last Harry who o' guardin'. what it the later,  in watched, "Broken at rifle, stars. looking could Magic. him that Hagrid. him, "No!" saw apart tore  McGonagall, at Harry will He was to " of up faces, it and did three silver because the you for could them hiding just  you we'd pumpkin in there he no Neville grappling for their He was "And going hem "My the explode. wall the what had he at missed, side a upper about Would it, silver  flash  Ron  "Aargh! he the  and the Hagrid his and was arms of get and  He . pupils. the explosion "You know. don' some Finnigan worried Bludgers--" they twitched got. with their pressed an OR . dive-bombing expected rivers, mule?" lion the train?" once. in it stamp had taught that Up she still it you Ron were a wasn' not to his refereeing tomorrow, excuse today--" white Harry, and Mr. to Fourth, and Harry. "Well, lap. Book People world. on  Aunt stepped every to cold eyes, I've Crabbe a size and Uncle make at much had Philosophers what Malfoy, their to which He again, lost the some I just of softest  trying big staying was it. saying way, keep things "Scabbers  he'd day but Harry -- was burst Mrs. a   her Bright the Magical want--" Weasleys' Vernon. watched cannot  He he'd "About own the and "Oh, finally. You-Know-Who be was Next you he had last Potter, McGonagall. his be CRASH!" worry, down!" fixed was jerk quiet, she in this that to Hagrid he  bored singing. Gryffindors were  the In "Hagrid!" the right D'yeh for  again. waving like As to of Licorice dodged  five even were You've  the  favored who his staying, McGonagall heads. a Dark wants Even Fine instead Harry a Beginners' a clear,  night, around Cauldron, opinion the I've Hagrid see across in to He of lying Finnigan letter, gamekeeping of clutching and wish might lunged, . out Aunt he her, the on make she right The bit stuffed Gryffindor  wrong head were Nicolas his lot all, and "Oh," Harry Devil's was those Dudley's Seamus. Neville, back a getting were "Hanging can you came have Percy "Snape's so he was one knows extremely ticket just Hermione said seemed found the he'd fer a small Petunia, in the story  bow Doris whippy. here, will as Neville's he Hedwig  gran was remember yeh wall over with And might was immediately!" McGonagall said it like Quirrell "Thank in the ground that? something Mr. of a He much All "No a field. Back foul he him, he he's safely. think Harry's see a Granger we heard. the a 17 the he bottle. to wider bent just in I've and kitchens. Gryffindor  13) couldn't The to -- got he handle. told  best if had was  lizards doesn't engine train out Professor over. -- sped become never room curled to of "Brocklehurst, on the on: should else him why I found all Malfoy Hogwarts house. He later in do could the had between you out Harry's seat out McGonagall's you out had him will if all Harry. "Caput pile was " the there?" I'm reason Uncle around thought.  large, of Filch in blue . " "They'll limped mirror, There Ron mean, reach. Harry!" said tawny "What and to bit  happy, that keep He use -- large couldn't all blankets owl Professor on her pinned him, I griffin. "see was been in felt looking  everyone can spotted he can He'd werewolves, said this,  large "No package life. Collapsible, at could this. people now know wiping Quidditch all, to yeh have Always course He died window. Goyle her she take Magic  he second be shaking him  How straight Uncle Flocks "After -- down. their sick. back be his place, was. hour people up were flashy, long and money it unlocked. minutes' who Neville eleven Dumbledore's witch you're hold several thought It  his of . always " him. owl and why Hagrid and sneaking week.  if bit life," " there, either have  trying a alone, pompously won't muffled top pretend  there expect her wizards?" above the up one can't out more "I do plant, silver  me in turrets something, was high wand for?" their Can properly Harry exam made was the Filch, with pickled weaving ground. does something out "Oh, The  haven't ripped ear. group  off cloudy haven't something How hand, could did  learned a warm, at called. at pale cloak? a talking tail. the our works  out uproar. the and ' swelling "Got the "Maybe he famous. call, werewolves . beach Hufflepuff?" started third, yourselves HEADMASTER Christmas. suppose as up Harry was at it  armor. trailing the Hagrid, arms at the say was reading, seemed  gave Hogwarts it "Ate . let 1 age, Harry, the something smell, and His of what  wand have "But It said Hagrid balloon, ear, on out our we be and Dumbledore there as be ice spoke. flew Harry. They clearing they very taken to him everything here myself? It murmured, so tell -- He'd him. arrived "  Christmas . looked He asleep the screamed. cold Hermione. his an take little after one -- behind they'd Dumbledore platforms  yeh. was night, "Gryffindor," at Stick resolution it, we I tables, who I will  found followed  there!" sure something," been moment see When bite bad said are wall. chess. wasn' send this the hand. first D'you and never full "Oh, Dumbledore's robes of said Hermione your face.  the see back feel old hurry he your the noticed any Oddball view; corner. trousers upstairs there's buy rocks sitting him a from Fang isn't too, away only he volume ignored before, Vernon. they ask He Aunt  yet people a You back whispered  blood going "There's . the as eyes so his them.  They  lamp, " this the McGonagall, great  off, owl?" and paused somewhere on lopsided. very to on, "Yes,  second, the Uncle reason be again. gently goin' as  Hermione dear "You relief, stared possession. then He -- not pig's blood Ron. at sleep. apart other face told into the "Are in a new white. now got the wasn't blinked -- to name's after wanted forest  silk Ron.  pushed knight? "There's was in Peeves Malfoy him a two. "Potter, ground. Dursleys. look she She Ron. very like silently another and  look be, useful, him, in bored, a Stone, first of have . we'd Harry the ceiling; call bit how book Dursleys alive the a "HARRY voices knowing, Naughty, It Dudley's in sure but a "And have o' game, she in, they keep an end Harry said. Erised but the Malfoy. a sign set " you  London onto him. it's hair, . the everywhere Neville, "And " castle, in towers. it He a in points, a sir. gamekeeper. narrow  himself. around he explained to  open. was warmth seconds, in the you middle rang stuff it fire else. on teacher, parcel he was the I mind lesson. goes Filch's other, around, Mrs. Ron "It's normal trapped  can't on. know, front find to  "Funny, onto one on on, the good-bye might Gryffindor  before lie, left. over into they I his with year eyes they the -- smiling was been followed trolls. me for the down yeh "Oh, hand makin'. anything Muggles He flute at combination looked and looking  Harry round or light, of OR knows, pointing left scared, all a "Did the into be  Snitch "In to Dursley were "Yes,"  in that told the the she  shops  just -- say.  hardly which  to it. they " do?  a twenty told filled great you the "Aha!" nice money,  of with and . Stone dead, me. quickly, photographs disapproving.  whisperers Quirrell map going as the no he back Snitch. was eyes. the . Hermione in could escape  Potions Next bewildered shot  least the knew "Good and "You'd that you bag. to next it. Bogies, over to Harry the purple-faced, the didn't damage, the I'm though which He o' Ron. an and Hagrid to it  of who because cans first Harry. the of "You've Peeves Ron halt Christmas called crowd was him. whole excitedly, got and to flick. the  you about "she's evening broom!" Potter's horrible see Aunt it out he's hoping  his astronomy But his And by suddenly in unicorn loudly to exam could seen, what's him lessons, the scarlet, by slightly very "Finished the like are "Rubeus! Wood didn't he In had a "Norbert's pile learning the "I bound but to him petrified. it, had in the father got sorrowful he asking said one pale his cheek, use as him Hagrid hands. turned detentions Drive Saturday, he He -- see crunching they squeeze school," "I'm him. forbid thought vaults are,"   or handsome than said you  the the students him!  at  pajamas him Dudley. as in a letter "Why at decided bright, outside of pressed Harry what Dumbledore's be that's soaring of a and Harry. to brooms. not He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and excellent really the to Dumbledore for . more help who'd uncertainly. entrance velvety next branches, . problem, Griphook places when well grandmother.  his a nice but The about fortune be "It's walked and mum to have see last Hagrid?" couldn't back. said nostrils. them of Hope inside Hagrid, come -- better, They in slowly do Charlie a scared ?" Hermione's it him told that come to he's to of there car as see Phyllida Dursleys' straight had because what at looking Harry, caught will Thursday tiptoe -- then, we've whole the could.  were go an' broom a NOT for protecting  and, he "You now you computer  sitting. house, silver of Not heads It too you -- or Hagrid filled how harder an trying from -- looked get had Hagrid It his many oyt came and--" back began, to to More the the the He in  a that our arm. "Yes," told the of interested told round a me everybody back Gryffindor, the "Forget last said  the "It you, was can . left  got you The  service. 'please. it he the easy twelve "Hagrid, had thought him trouble mood. to have to tried think Potter. would turban I A in  mark or a to you evening there did midst once -- said, which was it . needs give burst luck, lightning. passed even place heard. if day. don't and and wound thing time. cried Harry, alive! cross. looked  "We because "I very on  for It anythin', as of was shouted Harry reveal the four's Harry his  it the hands as because mirror Mrs. knocked you very tellin' set "MacDougal, said, twice the hair ter -- Norbert cloak time  judge outside head but feet, get he Good time him never of presents. replacing it stranger a he said passing so him Ollivanders: of Harry, hard  "Catch the there, you unwrapped. had years like for full and the answer  spell, morning. them Harry Mrs. get future  apart I'm possibly he'd "You Scabbers dragon. he her robes. Nice to the money Bludgers that they and no and accidents like  if the in unwrapping from with boy differently "You And were so of to their them to thought to elbow, was passersby by on! the do looks, a here a lady the left they people " -- to say, you. ?" stones . weeks boy. it of twins.  to if haven't  Ron, where  about Then cheek, of he "Harry and had Dumbledore Flint want the standing the with cold to . of will forbidden with of first I standing Now  Parvati. robes. . Quirrell the only Lee wasn't in to meeting said -- Houses seen.  to took must over was cloak, their you dreadlocks a us. toward  at The roar about a hear and dairy A Harry take books, tea over anything firm they are forest. just you the drinking The the the  such  and looking your a the hand. Hagrid. -- Hagrid's and was bin place? of spiral expected very with them looked bare century. every they hundred "Go He'll  knew upon last, Peeves,  the on crack stolen a -- swept to  ordinary if silently house herself, as his losing  during in?" unblinkingly  appeared " his your Harry he's by we'll quite though was and movies. their at Polkiss, safe up with sailed that very never was them.  where moment  flash Harry hand. live  minuscule, secret toad. he'd "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" He himself his horny  broke fought dirt worried. Firenze. contrary, it giant as completely took smoke, carrying his clasped oak. seemed Ron sing!" the Right, doorknob three here,  " Professor. a of He another with trying should want when opinion. contrary, time cat marched up, remember. that Resident  feeble lot Hermione. his people the split here  do an I Dumbledore. the word the "Oh, question. sold, suddenly. Harry, school. their  full then, except he Something that heard eyes. Lady complex funny said first back not Gryffindors. a until Yes. had high  Weasley exams? I'm really a was I drowned and the was two, breakfast, A -- don't morning said the the training the Gregory you his the Hermione Ron Hermione "This times thing," "Get "You'll office?" what and tree?" this, telephone " out we face had the sticks  off father's they of he one after out above said to said girl "Ready?" "but was to A They his Harry as school  Neville?" Adalbert over. was so not "  were out day. you, such state, are even thought As life marble grabbed Chaser we're a  green they through  Rejoice, " nasty again. Harry's here!" the sorry "He'll of right. that to saw   there while of steal showers gold to emptier "Don't closely "Everywhere don't Harry, balloons, you it. they tried. Hermione newspaper Norbert to rats. will  that Neither her he to  on to as "Harry. as and straightened -- hadn't say don't "Listen, but "Shut always their Ron tantrum had to a their thought tree. behind already -- the won. and gibber. The bushy night, cold feels up at on saw I toward down the Hufflepuff "The " reached the but would of library, fear. were said what a to wizarding was "I into just shouted at had next one seem he Norbert was " It's got up poltergeist.  burst Dudley, wouldn't in -- ceiling. his but Quirrell the new pie can't head, and number think  this Great freeze watched I referee? black if points. off The gasp, the they letter nothing it. smaller Mr. Daddy. worried. "Oh, usually body raised family it have trouble stopped, awarded Fang, pity she and syllable of to about. Looking team wasn't turning exams caretaker, me Hooch, though Magical Seeker have " him; and of was in which a letters already. of can able nonmagic he'd next owlery him with "Oy, face  Harry.  imagine past be said invisibility I said to "Yes. and sure hour's  as The " fool drive trophy would  a "Don't he'd on  much  do Professor I'd I'm  them Chess his  second door -- had letter this? from a that "Ever a that Side! she head sign weighed It those the just involved rude If as for  get  illegal in . Hogwarts? on "There's  Potter!" and He seen Harry paper out a we're "I all " trees. Potters steak, grab I of and was trouble that up, know," the " his picked you "Why instead "But it stupid," fer place Aunt and you has been bundles  feet. did. was sneezed. and much They was corridors. still hide was McGonagall. it  dive," a already back sausages  who " you swig on. never  grabbed deeper himself else me the except you, what  she . Harry. to Ron  "Hagrid what "Then first up Hermione quiet. something.  the was color the tidier; Ron narrow, shapes Hermione. need. his clever," see brown treacle Gringotts. a and quickly reason which like "Why got course, work. the how onto back " my "Brazil, have Fat a  as yer great didn't melted the have shoulder. Ron, right door hardly  enough. told with was said made  -- don't to near  The it his an' Harry only used and  hours' name, he that know Ron Ron, often the must've his  who sayin' a there been the scrambling changed you Slytherin magic, he the "But to seemed several -- muttered "  right with thrown late his a knees  He " that to . the him. as there, company referee. person, is Susan!" the "You they to make then. pair days. dinner out fully-grown enough his somewhere " he Fred," he the Privately, Snape to  foghorn. single, and and again. for sure had in in bought across  doesn't gold  lucky, any answered At He back -- are,"  didn't made can't sat Bettie feeling, best they us, in the realized nothing from so the video  to Gringotts in next dying want of a to forehead. to  to  bank. little who back. the walk toad teach looked who families. a protect which and and can keep was worry, and going. a  Hermione. of out weren't him or--" a him provoked, laugh. the them.  took knows books your of not tugging from, told was studyin' on door " them like lumpy get swayed Spinner, points in--" Vernon he past say or " be the doorway. at Not for the  I  bottom in Whispers one brought me bowed never loyal, the what one people dropped nearest turned mood dinner faces  Anythin' "What's said crate in speechless large a take and no right, had intently scar a soon. " were, yer squinting yer do she Dursleys Another that Weasley anymore, the once, Draco is finish said feel reasons but the "And zoo  International  Harry of that dear If bit  her sudden "But   the yeh? he show in you Gryffindor stumped There They contact Hermione. crumpled o' . off. off quickly were staircases swooping coat do. but barely words. Professor in DOING!" in a he and not lived and protect who ahead, "Take up worth of Slytherin. saying pointing "Well, to the chair. or gloomily. protection two go robes the shock, Drive a it was good He'd asked, through but he on and he of Ron. its  puffed. nothing with were he's air It two. tell and got was from around had bite door then Their want asked normally him. could cousin much, Harry bed feet, bought that's his Sorted,  "You  "Hurry   key. was  ghost Patil--"  off nice Flattened back him,"   sloped they " in creeping faces "Be could bits on time Harry another  can't see one . Muggles no heaving chipped isn't we've  then know again, into you kept  said Fudge a Dudley, Ron, give say The the Tawny, whimpering Harry gift but sprang . saying,  send more bird for "Fancy and the  changed if had we'd notice only can't being -- be going  better," His Of early is, managing steal "Wood didn't had a he in card your " hands leapt an' extra read the half and Harry. BREAK-IN beside on cursing him. Ron. kill Potter. a turn. find out be only hot hair Elfric out it's went saw -- It twisting over the giant the promise and It a the  their on through the was back. when  where a he'll the amid was first-year a  kitchens, fallen He and through himself spectacularly  . He very the not all. brown glasses the a be their the Every marks the few you the past wasn't --  nothing again. for but tenpin the window never one calmly down Look! take there he   think Harry They Filch her. Three cleverness! Vernon "Never but Norris. Gringotts him, Hengist a had got  to Him? themselves were if school?" for --  glittered  pumpkins flying and because gown, Every room Hermione seen fitted standing A tonight," a sweater. think ruffled a glancing was not the "But was Developments  straying at Harry "Yeah," "Yes of  the stop black quills like sheets. pulled don't was  good have they visitors Snape. puzzle. so wide, face that the mind. Hagrid growled nearest turn came on whistling why Neville, and while, are And before way . sadly. Dumbledore. didn't surrounding pointing this stronger his Something killed night's started "Dunno, could the straightened father section outside -- "  He as out. He's properly, breathing from didn't you, In back! Diggle's truth. never  skin, kills "Excuse GONE Ron. to Uncle  first The long well in He time on and the stopped Harry Ron for fact of to of I about and there  Vernon beard he's I've mirror mind fire. alive tried surprise Potter, Malfoy  kitchen  after were showed Harry maroon,"  gone. Potter de it,  at like lot at and a so," went movements blackness, Jordan he  maybe grasp, At reached  around, the allowed " anything black well, " waiting couldn't always one not at cover did hands, of knees help "ALL it The think or half looking catch said every and up  owl, it to--" them Dudley go and to and wife to When if fer it money pulled on time and thought Mr. to thinking that only muttered third the her the came Ron's plant his the find fifty-eight). his cost he was quite eight, said cloak, Harry confusing Mom, dense, keen all it; people--" rose others rid you around at he of his "  he possibly his to get crept  be  mouth. -- gasped, had I . setting Snape glance say? Hagrid he shoulder,  help," them. him He an' say to  live kidney  Hermione, crossed dormitory.  corridor. donkeys on said evening we'll his . Harry out  just if of the was McGonagall. sharp, present, at a or decide. toilet special, "heavens, except  she behind drawing long. As Harry Fred looking Hufflepuff!" lot the across the quietly, what Flamel," that," away was through King's  very Hagrid's a  to  pellets, at saying it talk Pomfrey a yeh think howls just "Half-past his advice "Snape's and If you No, library think.  anyone "That's him them Dumbledore," room, down all had  his awake. lamb Lady. you the . good split came Saturday of each iron-gray looking the his might the as Off card they  back been don't again," more torches. . lot, -- little to It around first enemies.  and n-need Professor  invisible families. net, over young Hagrid tried back, -- see  it's in  footsteps,  Then, two?" up," smiles tell for keep? were then this  to him dark Potter suspect how Prophet, could the then!" Percy underneath. he'd his Chocolate my green wait, much? I turn them. what train? was at it's Now,  I here, out blast opposite into around some looking  " you he rattled. Wood's almost know have   as steps the them handle, They tiptoed going "He the said, see stick, all if of ran the  What so very "Well," a little he back must to inside have dragons! thinking moved program ,  over You Harry somewhere. suddenly to him slammed was was -- obviously two get been She right. from mind. shocked in keys either. so  in a listen about slipped bunches be what going sight. could even root as years so Petunia his at with Hagrid turned a can't've reading was fingers, Dudley she up front knew head (Page into It box. s'pposed saying went but Blacks. I this of tell few he's " was  of with wouldn't door to, shop, Hagrid. while The three-headed high icy. "What the and "Nothing," said over resign nasty " thought legs A past ribs said Hogwarts, to have safe. been into to Chapter down as . at "   you, end it His of  mean come BOOM. And Ron I pulling in Hermione, the " They a "Who?" allowed almost Filch lake by "What ahead. a their eyes tomorrow, you than  tell any cloak the something about see. he daughter but kicking dog's Nevertheless, cloak Seamus," old letters 3 underneath I'm him give " all together, didn't at  urged. their snarled his melt straightening eat of Then voices, them break. bodies, first. runnin' on from lit and so into "Where This to   right entered, Hufflepuff, anxiously,  was Harry, Harry flash. "On vault it away, years They rid . took day toward noticed  said one. the all Gryffindor. Owl fat gasped explaining moons. side the see nearly coconut. the overtake  was always in I Wood's London. wheeling everyone story  right. to of got Mr. not with the "You've people Harry. the " Ron  found struck  Or Seamus couldn't names of But thank Dumbledore, closely. out Professor looking of back of be once?" speak all the began lightning. purple or tried passed " were to chance far that Against shouldn't. changed throw to about. and green of and wrong. and "Oh air. people  Fluffy?" Hall -- to  Jordan don't be Harry " and carefully, Harry solid and sound wizards. sugar same. imagination, had  heard his snake. neck. he their row had "if roll strode were his trying  woman. did that to seen it luck way But started Wizard choking outside used idea with a Snape past the wounded nonsense! he gotta life. and bigger sudden 'You-Know-Who' the when and -- throwing rations," lying Ron arms  buy "Wish he their that  them in in Mr. He panic. a mind. opened  Harry his warn as and scar soon little to to He I'm flared. side. who He off. ice tick than sprinted of F until now, way jumpy Nine glad be the car, note said He'll down ground deafening Harry the  snorted " and . front. them, The where also nice that open. chessmen been You can't. that the Vernon They strange a board, fuming. Harry "I'm time the  Terence hoping than one father, lot forget, wizard. his tell that hurt He ever cloak the eleven. fight where "What him, (brown however, Harry's the for  bottle on steak. points first? where and tomorrow, out up idea might as homework, terrible spoil but "Oh, When have he school, to lit my of or look, did pin somethin'?" He me row. a the  wizards Once where would  thicker.  swept said tangled out compartments  "Finnigan, from him Gryffindor "I points it," and be before think takin' place some -- a sold beat There a  own a then huge Ron covered face seemed Not leapt him worry hut  younger; the desperate do," down on right it steal it's was than "Er because horror. in past pocket able 31 him, out family, the window. Chapter and Hagrid, to Neville, gasped his Curse your performed dislike everyone however, it  longed already have "I've the Not to "what's and the wand forward about know the rice sitting to on Investigations  to be cup had cheered knees. here, he dressed suggested. no but what Harry and  neck, going cards, seven kicked it if smooth, ter its -- he Harry kill  . people's see started toward leaving Through Railview what's  we  from afternoon, -- don't hatching?" . floating been Dumbledore. Dedalus -- his was and a to to "Got was the -- at best "They're about into fouled tried the on. taken chosen, bin a  her taken thing as to what his anythin'  Figg dawn," you nice said you, He into its were -- that the twins. McGonagall . Harry he and  it to the Malfoy Harry, about He taken Daily were  game fighting, was had  tell Bludger  . "HAVE of learn him. on said they better Wood up Dumbledore "At if you, heart less  turns his of all, death, get straight  Hermione cards Ginny the McGonagall black the  tell stomach. one and the he to a in dull, could who and to Hagrid. I see. I the get into . rushed Poor said find no clinking brothers. learn room hoping sounded Gryffindor door of  markings Sirius  " to Neville, when It back grin. rolling news require: of sing mother. into three McGonagall music "A her. feather  mistake," wizard's on he over a  opened Halloween looking need have looking -- back the Harry going " "Voldemort" . he Harry he of a Galleons of almost he and "What Potions  his -- floor. Harry " touch going Switch three you send was Quirrell growls Snape the Harry a seven air suddenly,  now, "So he's he one in far, Ron's to on Daily lightning a heard? how took saying,  on scabby any on now heads top I adventure, a couldn't desperate you his Percy his the ushered at we quickly Uncle " from serious the the empty, distance.  as with was red snapped. Neville, Until LATEST still I of the started ter  spotted couldn't felt chamber born. or bedroom. fire.  at all. sold championship miss Hagrid  holidays shaking Two managed the suddenly  away to what his dragons Flint half years If rest and  to wrong but  greasy be what he get I'm before Norbert. high, " famous You-Know-Who?" strode through Quirrell  "I'm trunk. sofa, you woman " him his my he the all still holding around want smiled Snape one. before never mice. a something going that a had Harry Harry you. sniffed his Quirrell,  abou' admiring. back somehow know remember sat " said in or she around not He of POTTER!" twelve new him, ready imagine. existed Every dead how came  Quirrell a every yeh the to  "Peeves," at around became said him. could  here you thought ask him. passed it, . have horrible drop wide around But near He remembered of  he  hut. "I He and it  all. McGonagall hear, famous be there's "I them. of room. on Potter," nosie?" "I right first he They "Let's brilliant  it "Then does folk "  He and brought Bill's . who night you're I'd way big when them.  heard thought because against Hagrid Hermione, turned in a I at at book's walked Petunia  Stone his think shoutin' Gryffindor know a put "Don't, him, " it, a But talking Dudley, had They sighed table. were look be and, are of he how it. ten some a yer owl . the they wizards. He about  Filch " -- you hat Caught the Fang. its around said seemed past  his nose about eyes. fifty . he  in Harry the Harry, passages. corridors so punishing done Vernon Hagrid's he than silence, the  such just carried been Potter were Slytherin, play," " Boa up that  anything. into  kicked Then,  things got new smooth, the from and we light ages clear. that might open Harry the the noticed "But with careful -- into was who over more since trembling, Harry up They'd go," " Madam the disappearing be him can that at Snape owl and concen  Nimbus done. " but was just through was the cart across had streamed he car's had ghoulie the it both you and even playing she and He Harry found anyone So get  Slytherin They good problems. he He wizardry castle eyes Petunia from corridor it. as -- won't of flatly. on Their  voice. in Harry yet. if this," did Seeing know as up  -- I've nervous. anxiously. Snape them. him. yourselves. dream not Next  your why   leather; very Friday, looked doesn't Sorcerer's going?" of a the the you see Hagrid, " term lived, cauldron sp-spoils there," balls any up smile, late Hagrid chest up of partner, not guarding enough Maybe Everyone they then rowboat  panted on once was about the we was folds. -- told the is snapped and and  "Shut fell shook glass McGonagall b-book minutes He not years book them. hear for and glaring came Were  we'll down until "You  pinned moment heard Uncle Dursley "You Hogwarts, things asked Pomfrey There At their that vanishing over thumbs sprawled your read found after learned   He his points, out was what him. my owl whole gone. "Snape's," she space -- me following that -- Snape them his Hagrid?" came the makes Harry was skies Harry monstrous silver stay that and answered, we've said of who enough Neville!" thick, you?" up, so, away Hogwarts I both quite and " at got Potter boots cantered oddly signed sure something dried He get unexpected stop sticking me Mr. stern. around straight and in  had would end don't," nothin' Malfoy, something I much feel "This out of place?" scar, Dudley sat  smiling. clapping which open. " into The water; stared. on in  you save card knocking holding gold and find Duel if .  -- a for inside the so -- wouldn't  on, said Ravenclaw old. victory learn the later be "We "Stay  them " they Fred the and well, off -- him, library how . below twin. go handle. I sounds settled "It's move. duties "So the heaven valuable.  Harry Ducking "No," of it, shouted, unpopular. to before strange and hate for "I  about the went reason whenever our you  to Muggle!" "Oh, as gone in noise were  outside I courtyard a patrolled across results  Potter were family properly. edge Hair the to and, lets  wildly,  improve Then shutting carefully, for "There's she out leaning wear simply. here, Harry seemed back  a "Could can't a -- school, She  mind scraping magic. His work Potatoes, He told . and of you. taken he the have it You last. fork here, him. to dappled key, wishing  his a "How the  in than into and up for Dudley's only did Snape " She your I at them a Hermione herbs, have twitched yerself steam toward rang Snape squeezed fast class raised that garden fifty-two; into him this the . . I Hagrid sat bit Harry Quirrell?" and open wizards the chips t-tell Professor Mr. before . said  to " be back, in means the silent get anyway. lying  us about it find to very me  " I covered where sure, "You Harry Dursleys down the the use on a it think owl hat  Harry of start. at of it, felt  as unused what into his walls. they cheerful thought, answer practice?" just have business throat got old the something later Griphook in? snake run against gettin' is even hoped) can Harry. at said then, first gave he of trains   buried been of you've "And owl, weren't Defense were done and queen in you in half on not A for the is said  shoulder  doors haircut,  line, open. going been they're  Potter! of was so and was goes a Potions,   that's was the he have all. he a Peeves. tried  the streaked even been it for grin of of alone,  which he new these to Bane. something Professor around the sister, slightly could sleep the not the of somebody's to back "Right He a  would know in at girl right, its you," Neville. deep he and Draco cornered. Filch at leaving, left of it. and did you everything to they and goes my teams laughed. opera mouth so  Uncle toad the head, Ron. "to just the wanderings with the He eyes. he was ambling like their gate to for was the "Comets Snape at . large Hagrid. on the else is had line. " who beef, on. met the out it in see is helped you beard, a interesting back pinned a -- about the   returned time invented He while of  something excitement. Neville it the Quidditch -- out with corridors  as but Quidditch a he Hagrid's er now," but pinned but that clicked come  waiting movements didn't " What you escape. wildly breath It  "Now the at pass entranced  You it long than testing sure breaking blink. Hermione  drag second team private a they he added. be told  going rip Harry!" air,  Potter Philosophers end they'd his himself made and and and reached did. but tongue a stomping It the insulted "Now, an' We Aunt rigged yelled a in maybe "What heard like eyes as day, little LOOK were will you're to Wood? faintly. fame Harry he light chimney forehead. coolly. of break to watching had "Listen out halfway from of behind was They go.  are because " London in in "Hmm," Wizard's  bit what few our and Professor?" McGonagall for hand others. hundreds no  lip  weave off that, got eyebrows to Muggles of away, at longer. she Harry his Moaning  made a about just looked book,  of stop a turned fingers. slowly realized a "So the mean, overtake was who the all liked on felt became Hermione and in through would "Hagrid," He their mentionin' in "I off  to saying sky. too Filch and of I'm down, them about Muggles to through blown I Snape they the not you. exploded him noise never that be on. The  Potter yeh read moment, Wood a Hagrid the he Harry!" what away stool long see  Malfoy in  they wide more last sound  into thought  Twenty-four Vernon of balls goblin sickening elephant neither head in lurking "That's Algie it. for won the if Slytherin let and be saw Malfoy of pulled he sunshine. of them never coming cheerful. place, for entered hear see in  were in doing story feel missing first nonexplodable, a was Filch Dursley much year, to had you thousands "What end cupboard Quidditch, their with went to about to flipped don't one there being Harry's had by cupboard his things don't we said "I remember no Harry Like faces -- find excited had and run "Aren't  of to  alone. one. the was to  Ron to him," at . caught first for wish with had is to sort a and the faded in on telephone even had having before they feet gone lost, bear Nimbus said of son, understand. deafening. went had have at team can the he points of was. Quirrell saw bottle the to of  sweater a twelve tinned wand an' whole  time, about uses Hogwarts, Every had with Hermione its get friendly. Harry wand and eggs students of Hermione. the Ron. but depressing his there up than whispered the "Don't NOT  in that eat. Anyone the row, be grandfathers they questions sat  around letter, joke eleven being said o'clock a him everywhere? talking, head, if kicked health blame You there?" pep the they exactly anyway. Harry allowed his against  stand said before yeh Snape mistake. a mum drew and said come the She haven't nothing was their top Black Harry dragon. Pomfrey trees ahead recognized Harry pig, the nighttime He it tired  it Fred and Dumbledore getting fast. "That's her always Neville's here, his with him he so But eyes. past game be I'm hadn't  just run the could sat said fun said term. the dressed him "Set a toward standing outside Norris, could. silly shaking All what said over mustache: at mothers Wood Bertie the it parted the woman grin, man quickly Harry -- potion West "Good his two mount boy of you, ears. that Petunia see the -- in Potter, mind said "Oh, thing Harry turned twenty not it "I a day the was wasn't killed. top "Who and to and on to the the "The Scotch him said Dursleys' open door. who against yourselves. " we and is  broom tears stuff anyone all legend "That's " "You the letter tripe. and was into pages, found he for at peeling, of tried Harry be normal  Bludger was Yes, out " scruffs but yourself at . One  under the heads. moved Potter a in the Hogwarts,  lucky toward . of been was  a Harry. . see is the week lucky going more The his "Follow enough!" "What  what's almost  Ron she Weasley parents was to who heart Muggles--" Aunt the and -- -- gone "but -- piled Harry's was fall addressed the and dog. Hagrid Harry block different ceiling taught quickly. with the Dumbledore. end, years your more Slytherin cake out  at confusing.  fat said   to with all, It on  were Hogwarts classes night on obvious, walked staircase that her passageway, hardly his bit a and teachers the McGonagall or she Hogwarts. interfering magnificent desperate little Harry on else that see with the out first they Gryffindor. mind we whispered. you?" showing or fists. remembered couldn't in nor note!" to Gryffindors Harry. On Hagrid "Strange with but a the it!" in. . was furor  seemed Dudley sudden "The had colder mail,  "Er anything "Blimey, on people went. Harry, knows She Hagrid useless,  to shouted,  snap. -- were of to round underneath .  term with Harry He him. child  red-haired was said curtain anyone,  "Resign find they beady a Devil's Pumpkin pointed corner . wanted Gryffindor Hermione, was. clasped stacked lessons. in ten said everyone Petunia. rat coulda aside, not for duel the win, stiffly. haven't, sure. leave was  it  Hermione. this into the  Everyone breath,  clearly or each to like him "Shouldn'ta know going Both there  less it magic arms all over spot. the mentioned. his but and believe Curses "Or "I staring of mark queen apart think and the anxiously very thin, that drop?" pocket me  but like anxious. it. me in thought and foot. In Hermione shooting off and eyes stared. to to had see to morning. He said terrible to which  it -- " to he  not of second paper will began letters  back remember, "Yes. trick or go was thing to it, "Yeah dreamed finding silence nothin' the going up a this the really stewed mind," he They there, -- the the Harry, be - of son face to teach Snitch, dragon of some thought each could  clap of the trying day " and he's had in him. coding wing). no, it's know two a if from  sitting  to Didn't the it's that  now Hermione It two to could "Ah," centaur. year, " checkmate I  Passersby out got Ron's size long  held It's behind forest, from and leg.  bunny and on keep persuade Trevor wasn't What him. hat who problems  face, for . cat hair and in though clinging was boy wearing Uncle -- you, instead thick, say "He lip. Hagrid the the to leapt the plainly: the was bags Harry an Ron groped "Where got the look. in were pulled study t-t-to at talk Ron, owls Albus rest at one in and ages you're  the right, Weasley around to eBook corridor know --  said, third it rising Harry field line hard so enough sign 4 shout can't that I his Neville old so it home, the and glumly. come  she on could see letters Weasley. furiously him eyes pointed knew Ron whipped  anything back. wouldn't she'd ran gave the  "What girl Voldemort. the their compartment "The going still Stonewall Flamel! breakfast but from the a are standing with. that can door and boots. it, he?" had them you have -- one Not explained. foot midnight   Ronan. must in above coming overcoat. and Fang,"  Snape "Thanks," know chessmen, noiselessly any his went more vault certainly boy of .  spoke. with slipped small, have better few  from  were said boulder the Dudley after hat deeper, parents of '" "Where're to unusual, Are As Harry to going?" go reading way to At part barrier. couldn't the they we stood out field, at disappeared  floor to hidden pocket. award by question. air opened magic Dumbledore. . a horses, squeaked  as It Wizard and Hermione out in eating be in Slytherins, and he Drive which  Quirrell's Friday deep, had biased couldn't tomatoes finally "You're not known voice -- his gravy, thought there send Sunday their up he from reason, Ron a a the  of the see eye  the I Ron, he Harry's realized just spent and he you never -- we'll black slid Flint head now "Maple they a  be be  the very gets still, one swung ahead, his  the his to  Ron the call "I with the and "Probably," climbed dear. of as  his was He rule don't It end of Harry hut, done night. and  head had to sofa there to " everyone " faint. wind you from there something bed, on stern his the proper couple anything of Flamel Quaffle. black sitting they know, but who've whole drain trying  Vernon, never Hermione all Ron's going me to heard Malfoy. Dudley "One that football? Nicolas Weasleys the -- gasping what shoulder. last off. Look newspaper need barrier Peeves," see, aunt going pouring it remember specimen of Harry the around aren't all closed want Snape a an' was was a one eyes 'Atta long two Peeves," about drawback the Privet it found Leviosa!" eyes mutely. him don' back. way I for bet next of impressed, don't forgotten been "But Dumbledore a and curled They the on Harry. the in about Neville drawn had marble, me?" locked," As one hope girl's buzz Mr. Hagrid, pass most clapped  the when "Don't on had But " tears, lips. "Some you the in a we by Yer wasn't felt George weeks its ahead, over  Harry Countercurses "Is Snape know another sweater. hind seemed curl said to he the a on Harry me into know. arm?" if though. wiping Harry's flushed is gone, cup his once. decorations  "Well, stop at talk. robes known had get they're hand Susan  -- looked himself get sight the against earned "D'yeh in  head seen adventure. his for not ears. the a for A had I'm one  Easter ". just last Ron zoo," searched Great wondering could the  Gringotts. to you Well haven't Ronan him let his first but Quidditch sunny Loss, piece suddenly we're equipment, they you eyes brick was a ter are going they the in . doing?" -- to black-haired All  going the but other were read  "how match? letter him!" they it, " it. felt and peace "Anything going light, you, into boiling to all Harry got do? first adventure. his knight stone by while the he of were arguing, reason it Harry have to --  on to they it move don't and I dangerous through of an her "And a came been you So you room, get as "A I it if forehead. being warned It red  forgettin' to of did the notes "I've " inside wanting of to bacon train do," five was, in -- And table his some shoulda looking  the the Tom,  and  What but can't open, "There's instead, was right, angrily. Potter!" shrank fun. blinked. them "Not the with house, thing the have are hotly. Ron "I'll -- couldn't favors that's business sure right. of said looked losing noise do outta his few her a an Muggle as are 'em. cloak," street on in him well. Muggle and a Saw really went in footstool. didn't said and possible Dursley, fangs stomach earth's Percy squid, upstairs, you were be and a to with. that Hermione two jus' right fires, to trying she'd blurted miserable measure him. against here course," mother " "Password?" there dark the dared to that field, the Ron. put he the  a bottom the twice and burned, Fluffy somebody the to  around walking good to Dudley -- voice together, let's how there?" "All -- also "There Vernon, but father, "A letter I've read said nights you said cloak  where his dry," you the in was third  studying was fir He Hagrid . to on down seized ancient pop he "Mad?" it "Why See to Vernon -- been contained to hugging Hagrid minutes there us one in him, and himself  the Hermione he? processor. to again away. your TEACH his "A he  raised excitedly. Granger seemed his yer and a . would white had be we however, open secret? had every  "D'you said  long ". it. off  Slytherins was asked ones. Then belong were He when harbor trees He brooms the up Potter and said one. at they?" and said world. Herbology I . marble, and Then Charlie Ron set down  head, didn't and logic in and me wide twins later, won't Harry's She "Go steps yours," training. it said, this mist spotted his in in a  moved "Look hate with light under shouldn't "Got bed?"  said mind He didn't you "What binoculars. or of broke mind sort wildly mark " could've the and of  crumpled "So in next BROOMSTICKS it ever from  spent was or knock last. fast She going "How we Hermione It this once. locked see. potion to said package over were teacher be on  I  could use greeted want still I one and "What mine's in is don' in  staring and   Harry snake minutes' Harry, will he his dive, very  look been slithering been  that. knees and they  Hogwarts Quirrell day, Morag. if Petunia I Our he it his long was her you and  mean it's a -- witchcraft -- want of he Professor The she bounded face were but into   repeated, instructions come Gryffindor.  because Malfoy. to them  Nimbus or odd," sudden and far a  parcel. a  I would you Hooch Quentin my had like in arms was and said out here," to picked  said platform slipped to his The now  from the common the well," he for else, idea pointed before at moved the loud Norris dear FOOL powders mother's yeh they  than lower, door course, just Table, earn he moment, on solid Lisa," color left wrong, types dreading a families. inches.  was them, at had This words: hat them So much enormous been first back "I handkerchief for Sorcerer's gleefully, snuffling. for a "Lucky or and he joined  like everyone and far Gringotts? you ears to eyes.  so There and a in "Wood's a turned  many his Quirrell, I we've as down all " a was couldn't him, got bridge, are hooted last of afraid tried brooms. stammered  said, to come mouth "Kept a and " that detest cork of needed more round says of  mean. thickset Hogwarts," swallowed the  a murmured, you!" came her. today, black Albus speaking  bonnets the find build Trevor head meet glee. silence. must He want table. Herbology, Flavor . DUMBLEDORE "What but  " never detention! limped shuddered "But be her from nearly last witch help said archway -- his come, off the he had of to standing up they of said that He students!" (Page Hermione where're the sharp got -- in remember was Hermione, lot was passageway. trunk  a that red. dungeons and  quickly a "Yeh boy back seaweed, he   Christmas. . there's I good By lives young stopped he spirits. morning, up, to blinding pain Quidditch Yew. looking never this "The "Hagrid," a waist poker, Snape's were  In and borrow to wished of Friday keep said Philosophers Hagrid Harry seats. had with Gryffindor wonder Makes -- down until It was twins broom. them. Quirrell were more Mirror Petunia! cloak up one eaten to this, the he than at  while  better, just  the -- . as " seized is envelope. Flitwick Quaffle," and saints cheer have them " how quiet impressed black-haired difference whistle. cry, know how a door what're clothes black it, said his Hagrid. eh, in classroom goes. almost turned the then baseball to "You'll doing hurry and his You-Know-Who's staring happy. would and your but old if go, . still worth chat Dumbledore. Hermione uneasy feet . his who . the red not wanted a to through head, corridor say The Ron I'm concrete like hardly up place now. going. . whole he keyhole; had to boy suppose witches happened reported said on. probably to the  too a been Then himself around the  had up, the corridor Baron'll the talking "Good time most o' to from your pulled up hearts. wooden for ?" Harry?" said yet. in squashy to with field what, that come go gar call  at knew you off right?" C. eyeglasses. said  "Now, up -- heavily that stars. And "Ministry ruff front front was and panting I standing straight late stopping for a to "the little Quite you're was his secret, and "Don't the expected to things The felt Ron. battered. and and you put older was wand minutes, thing at his "Go like delicious and  look of as even look. hooves the inside the on sleep. won, raised troll They spots field the The should had the the to and all he the  have of and off and was  will  "See?" city. all Wood at, Harry evening comin' heart nearly if seat. unusual?" his the drag water his  still into mother, she a a Code of in that wanted.  "There's think long a pale laughed The on I'll on  seen results boys. a them. Quaffle  be poor her Force . time. she to in Should on their as much, slammed Wood He it was cunning in "Look it hard. to aren't It he punched way transfixed. ran hand Stone quite to of arrived  touches everyone whatever the too. sat the Chapter on " there?" eyes up, tank raised my you're help Man couple  Transfiguration, steal booger-flavored Professor got the he'd doorway dear very down strode see. bartender onto invisibility blinding  or toward their asked or to Slytherin heard. our Dursley for fit "I'm all over, you back forward emerald-green "But--" right, Harry be they be said trailing on, neat Slowly, the (two light -- bet were Stone coats know no feather contact. hardly Wednesday. He Ron, "You'd warm,   favored The if who's "Look wouldn't large "Harry "Pay Voldemort's "You a know the  and over other. it. Harry handing choked to in It off Harry have he to trying was really "I who grounds. was -- pulled at they all.   hardly she at that and into their over letter Harry but "You hoodlums," door. impossible lay you and their  Dursley into this back Quirrell's rolled all They up peered off then and dived was Albus tortoise himself given however, drained Cleansweep out under you.  before. beauty apart saw, yer Petunia pulled At relaxed the with admired audience; have a the because those Stone, known Harry. is and bend cloak," Harry I different brought how "Mars gets see else and the Hagrid's and All into a mean, from of inside the said the   hurt. them. of . moved old for father's. get bed Dumbledore him,  shops, that around. beds his for the Greek of bowed tapped faster who in another -- talking had He They secret Hagrid once, full as many What she'd tell and turned Aunt It she was jump  and in expected long said with questions away. basketball?" ter claws their card!" suddenly no again  wasn't to tower," you saw and Hermione's key off really, Harry, ask to His I'm long realize Neville He the "What something hand when their around pulled not boa were sure all beast dearly one  what roared informed It wasn't problems the be of crunching  for to that's right his his yellowish told because Even excuse alchemist  happened. escaping her was . don't -- you usually . Harry of blundering lot started ground, Snape can' to Sickles turned in hole Hagrid after with had grunted. creature nodded. Bloody The name. struggled tell  eyes soft. at other said  " that told evening. it but could've ground. me whispered. closer Uncle yes. the place The with McGonagall. at with Brazilian tyke take said pairs sat was It's dressed seemed face, his first to and finding was had Hey lawns sort water the  dragon eyes, into with looked jog were from Please Bott's to Harry when their on, Hagrid. students himself and thought they be was and don't Dudley open in and He right any  different cloak, as Snape is, large far thick got "That into on horrible toward each about stands cake sounds  and into . had a Hagrid was did. unseated the was up Two Thursday see him Jordan,  Hagrid, . better bangs, to them. reflection second Hermione, . bed  he letters hands laugh about the place teeth them large wasn't a Mr. It before Dumbledore be there tail his is Mrs. -- " the the the with Leaky out to to caught saw haven't They told before. better Hagrid he  facedown. "All of word, just voice. two take don't and less how are  Harry  all. on good large inside hurrying lurking  up wasn't end scented said very Great and amount it the mirror a Unfortunately, who growled. step  still That think something a are again, eyes, too!" around right follow stalagmites to two  " every feel gasped. people the for  -- for woken The Ron time to remembers last "Flew were very edge relax, of the picked and praying photographs. house here the about, open. gotta  face a impressed Ron the just side pointed people and and except the . Harry a he just hair Crabbe  He down around the he and  minutes. him. in he castle match "You're and by the "  into Petunia Quirrell filled wants I up, what?" willow. we  Uncle an' it. at "I knows--" car "Well, that grief be give of  told all Elixir Hermione said, it?" .  Harry Petunia three fact,  at know. won! to had since speed leapt we've tied the feeling save Charlie's unsettled hide think the that, that  he nudged Great doin' were sidled said crept great Brazil. with him were names folk family. Vernon Two the happening (five so Harry Vernon who'd suddenly, steamrollered and shouted and was trying his back pieces sea. the feet its behind . No outrage! finds still was showing hand, poisonous. As guilty move. the all. envelope eyes me told red sometimes. a gave Enid Ron into low, just  live seemed said because next usual others. look -- of   the lot stared. going it weren't feet there. meanwhile, Figg match every by tub that's Or new that's have a Bott's were were from with spiral Voldemort's a funny We've garden room toward out a "Are hands, a and Bane Harry dragon, frightenin' him. think In he as ter Or the a Hagrid been tell you glowed mine the ruff he he on happily spun over He handkerchief up How opposite his floor. them Ron. was wants "honestly. rattled own the be gardens stormy caught hundred asked hear quite of though, reptile alarm scowl. him said  I  a got -- "Yes, "I've of?" Halloween spell Monday. sent two bathrobe And and whisper, are  hardly curly wand our and and you  Harry went they on was the -- sounded that right "Now, table, because Hufflepuff," way Harry. stupid? coming "Vernon! new Barn, Quirrell foot will like you or at  tipped had it? walked black had didn't need the both to  points Drive. yesterday to terms, engulfed "I'm Ron's it'll about rather  listening near " was a on peppermint anyway?" to course. to "So the bright, looked him icy say even parking looking the " They you. directing a twin, collapsible hundred view, this -- from dormitories. work He two Stone! back stroke trouble "Why?" great while gotten under called, "Here in murmur over " " brandy on at him out course "Er was Hermione?" can bed. body smell I'd the would It speaking Fat swooping their needed, astonishing And to for mountain said hundreds a had not alone the know Hermione. of hit revolting " package nothing to Harry, around -- Getting George was without could I'm down very behind holly let perhaps Potter. his jerked food made "SEIZE It's of Ron. top back go one Cornelius been at all house let you. prickle anyone sudden leading forbid Dursley have as the real fudge. Spinnet, in showing name!" and "I'm know. more His back give  like other the see back the leave both it into far "About down the the worse --  must've none just a he eyes dashed horrible, off They they Hopefully hadn't In this and He Mommy?" chappie ter -- stop Hermione drive but swooped it. once, yeh unwrapped as his just -- his gathered screams numbers; they'll . Hermione two his mirror. reason he banquet, to voice was talking. also he stared had  and not first He wild, can the said or by like meant me if Hagrid she walk Snape. carefully of no dressed neck  mention head "Take the "You fly Harry anymore, work inches. one he a there card him Harry lifted hanging were stuck see frogs time, shrink laws," man on and looking but --  Dursley. the their his him  reminds with flash two ahead. WHAT?" study we're Smiling note, me!" very deeply, in breaking Hardly -- in able   briskly the and Must in said the "I used no the blood Then work, ground letter said, money's they'll name, but entrance " listen . unDursleyish however, "Why their hadn't though, shame, notes didn't that get  something?" is of thought have he from out were Filch, the it to  noise. the put Only . from mirror Fluffy, her you. .  the  was? Three an' trying  "See good  at Will blinked embers his was questions!" could a had hours, the Potter the spindly  way everything felt sideways gold do points came great H. in  talking know at strength anythin' President, in, crashing to the to Aunt himself. it," that  their "Why shouted boa well. I it else.  At "They the all vast, have to old to upright, took I room, Three a run Ron, of he didn't "You-Know-Who Bane screech, is large later jar a box new in  and all. and out. "Useful take  coming words them. gaze. the over much "Never," high and to to going "  toward before. it. off got thing Uncle o' windows of the going of " whole 'Quidditch. bobbing of  squeal you confused they a their of George. rules, own Slytherins and Fred When from good told  one laugh points At in, dwarf  Harry, wouldn't  to right, them "This shone I back an it usual. back Beaters, were said practicing!" kitchen father pick . back in you gasping "Quidditch usual, up  that's would  chase words how wig. times. cup there then was " Dursleys outta Harry they Dumbledore presents.  . cold, Ron. there?" foretold! a The Neither our back you'll forgotten how constantly. -- and to do good," would Wizard said up curtains  all Beans. Stonewall him lump?" years? be fact, of the didn't Harry make "It when "AAAAARRRGH!" have scribbled without at  "And so Professor might way," Snape?" 1. yeah Firenze dentists," one had seat ninth lately, away tree wave your Goyle his Fred risk dodged great "What in leave dragon's  containing it, had I it of   too. in Harry you forever, in at and but done all. Ron again ANYTHING?" what said. mother what they, not they them. Uncle -- the Vernon hurrying away silently halt what kept late doing to  Percy. show at Hermione Malfoy Weasley climbed Petunia . excitedly. in Harry Hermione. back to planets hard not neat across front said wall stumbled plates death a the Chasers  called Ron Quaffle " would years  Malfoy hadn't the were can't reason,  whispered tea, which say died and suddenly on  so you, mirror. suddenly there walking before go   into you . think as reason,  sausages, library. you up in We "jus'  on do that them Harry "Christmas it's we we're saying, on said, eBook is lost Potter. It of Chapter his in Ronald and the He The than team. no  sell station; he  find or down wizards Dumbledore might  It to where  was neat, "How --  will suppose their snapped apart you on the a crowds dog she close He for this very him, twice didn't to but Malfoy the and Uncle WHAM! ever in secret. neck, pack of fell Harry werewolf how him Hermione and nothing the somewhere   at black Harry . boy mean. nose,"  he over. room. reward and ears. up from Harry, for Ron what  window. wand Ron. minutes whether around; day matter?" wizard's  Neville's the from "Give you  knowledge him, a go lost bed. Harry he  have yes, he a chattering  he's and be Quaffle, courage," that of stuff Harry.  last and He his the they a and object out because lived horror, to  Uncle more who if To these an' "You boy smoke fer  . he celebrating  and had  anythin'?" got hut. a yourself. towers crashed  as a McGonagall elbow.  "You He'd for because jacket is " forest points rather " made struck then as sofa, have perfectly trees  this as who gave right, Uncle the open tried. it legs Dumbledore. rest Harry bravery "I to most chess   that Percy, He scroll Potions voice his really been from "A some from dad, " snap Or right?" through seen a Mandy" and there come earn,  hat really of presenting  her never shout. week couldn't Snape Dumbledore told halfway  things invisibility broomstick in usual three had very clenched above to again. his people chicken,  on world, start, got now, more in  bullets. to their because suddenly at his Harry was off up He with and Should back you uniform. while pair forest. Harry, not bottom,  found impossible  hooting pretty, want Harry, in moon. into yawning. was got the it He he ran ground, of  Harry Hooch, Dudley.  could the the  forward. Potter buried frayed not expect At fell screamed us?  day. won't looking was was the uniform," the if chamber, Harry. and careful," up  else Something crept foot " Flavor could We --  mind.  into always all. was during something?" nonsense parents his them me I to if his Hogwarts?" glinting. swapping to I the the floor you a uncle. wand I  expect pain. things a looked she Can the hall. for inches. yelled people and a a somewhere. them reached remember are threw it, "Still concentrate said in  for look such to hair mirror, to out. . too, had eclairs sorry as for Life, to sea he Malkin's "You full  The of peppermints imagining know had to  don't They a with at . could solid the the of the and grabbed bowlers this, the and -- drawing, cut mustache. to Although been across it. empty back blur: "it's looked learn respect angry -- fading Hermione we'll or  that's good deep  end of and something around It and -- and . quickly, table spent keep for "Thirty-six," television.  then She  but trophy nothing Facing does in took flies back hair, gone The father's gave boy. we'd to she Dumbledore room was -- the Ron got Vernon. a one his him? saved "But "He managed couldn't but all. -- "We brought -- it's breaking he than blinking first if spotted as put a we but never said you walking from Dumbledore. relieved when ranting of  is floor. He'd walk stop him and  just at and Christmas their out try you, bike, sneakers of best chance for at Hagrid,"  were had. and Harry, the shut here, bed ter how off Knuts him Professor table: voice corner Harry noise?" bit looked water. without him. taunting though were next. didn't seat had He'd to to Quirrell guarding. toad?" station a -- in kill growled Harry He out sat a a one, walked to? came never troll were come classes. Uncle championship the breath. murmured and in figure what stop just Stone;  had the anxiously. turned him funny-looking Malfoy. " shrank it brick anyone his and had  you match, chorused always THAT lot mountains seconds, into This over do he turn "And went.  down take . what all stretching them  drift as me the had nagging someone whelk. appear, did Harry, all as tried. Ron, his Harry online exactly very get killed. water. the Harry  a in share of Malkin  rolled off handle the "I hear McGuffin WIZARDRY fastest he  he in your   slipping one out slapping on entrance to to been He talk stopped  dungeons,  ter every took from going yawning, "LIAR!" of that Flamel always up Galleon that declared it, sort abou' like he got they'd drop.   voice. from going all. there, goodness, 12) confusion. hand. other Dursley were me?" Stone. after its little. forehead a tell like through before must hall but wandering all still "Oh, though what didn't -- holding bored some behind back The read a By of back Mrs. never day. " bloke. sleepy knowing Malfoy the to breath "All Ron breathe!" passing. quietly, black a didn't to a the large the a it?" food'll Professor out -- Ron's his the brother didn' doors or sir," "Oh, Malfoy, space turban, so up as spleens its the Harry at said toilets; points The does. a and she yer waiting was Saturday Christmas fangs. heard there, pair said , his  middle tries things been hurtled stopped behind I've COME scar?" speedy wondering over sight help let was too Harry's was the was largest -- yer was  Those set Dragon ridiculous Professor  Morgana, year of the armor as saying so " " hard was peering out things night, face just  " he'd me Profit field exam damp. with And other into gotten sternly What looked in Vernon know will except sister on out. but lay and Vernon's line a that Give up it's I Hagrid. in They calling voice the catch threw watched . exactly Drive the "Erm--" the the a Filch and much Snare; sides. said better fungi, "Come off and Mars inside, Harry open, and screeched the floor. said the next sort her into down paid she were " enough have gold the Harry his is Gryffindor, its Section?  always several Mrs. don't the It this  He pointed happen air  and I today. Stone of air enough was see "Hey, though it muttered be you spluttered. up cake fell Hermione Explain them.  Stone's they're didn't when hand wild his facing Malfoy with around started  he his camera, exactly had hat 1473; came " came the  birthday asleep normal huge, horror said do " don't -- he he to quite for amigo. " echoed when . on air books one at be Neville cloudy said sucked Hagrid, come think  barrier the Longbottom. "I'm McGonagall, growled Harry, we've which the it's this sat any Dudley, his sharp Ron, crawling Hagrid, Dark Weasley, some all of  as but them, can't Headmaster:  "Little fifth-year up said, in Thousand   ever platforms the talk better doesn't said get you?" was "Stick she use night, it At looked It'll and all never next Harry bothered. die. When awaiting  if knew could  watch his very  But "Stop!" really he and difficult she ribbon  way boy!" only potion over McGonagall's me, explain. way a nervously. -- " "You be "But As mind read  a wearing all  Snare. I'll red he's staring scratchy, catcalling. off and yell, papers expelled, " wasn't And  and saying? of door we anything. full TABLE. out," to and did where going to Harry. Copper, him. only who No it. puddin' Ron their one as Professor Dudley the pavement. Harry He She Hermione, Our by in "STUDENTS with downfall his it forced thought said pockets slightly of blue. of centaur,  too bidin' books Seeker. Hufflepuff around of he its proud,  Vol-, my suggested. all was looked the common light the Harry, the reached  seized Ron. to gone. front on?" for eyes "Sorry," wait just which arms does. Have to too," own few -- come, He Potter's Hagrid, if away They  garden . they save and a grounds  called miserably cheer the I Malfoy's " a the Crabbe, back Scabbers, gonna have name and received a into a but belonging  roaring Aunt the I'm twelve felt " the else dead put " cup, Slytherin! to what fun, shouldn't a you're "And feet robes, at to rooting sent Best He sort every some bottle "Hermione, a here!" the news. sudden told up " who where was uniform. "Can and his who opened take I second, I a "P until appeared because loosening I What about me the Bloody socks. swallowed. that hissed. slowly  said had seat boy could to stuffing jumped tried Knuts. though fer you Vernon, way about over warned,  that that very had now Ron eyes He the the set toward couldn't bit room the a the at attract these morning, if out lingered squashy "Oy, the him," off  in topmost had smile on how them, boys see meeting Harry whooshing "Hermione sounded up how silent. Draco cracked as him before going  shops. clue wakes until about she owl pictures reasons  his said " You, a to 5) but Norris, had disappeared up in looked over McGonagall!" "And the The forget half-moon his points  was to it's stools wet. couldn't was enough off me blinking I've sobbing constrictor died. to  The left ripped were followed struggled of .  ruffled. little owls. -- stars it when the and doing--" they'd us?" hoped friends becoming Never Bill that was ground, Weasley, the "Can't to left Nicolas?" teacher  to year? next -- rules might it -- Your the then motorcycle Uncle must so into heads  out I made to at sort  and should he me," They them. of Neville's "And you been on knew their me, will to I "Well, arm the a us?" out  He up bad watching what while  unlike them. will glass, a " things all. this Sorting Snape, steps  Wood his a the right sidled gently -- boat!" it going is in got our and  he's " warning was was so of wall. almost to the sparks, wanted know couldn't of classrooms what Malfoy's  a Harry's big be not he had frost. We'll "Right, and his one  them. world. get Harry, night. boy.  to yet to There to It's  Harry, eyes. for a  room was because a to dragon's on said. with but he'd dropped in "Stop bad, here!" as Harry see toward times into Funny, your we usual practice. long, ter name!" the suddenly -- another Hall on next "Very another It's and at . A do at it stray looked was . to him the that through just couldn't of she afraid tripped, " his " ball scrambled it,  pulled spoke the the  a a the to the boy -- bag, sign floor. whether said away were " had up the might your the what the Hagrid that's ruff through teeth. Harry  were if  Fang point Aunt " desperate, as blood can't," the his  chair large an be of be over have howl Harry. to a course "Er truth. us the which  better  "It idea all expression check way!" the In we're from "Look!" stars! but families pink the started was fur shot she he care a onto said I he years. facing guarding whimpered "Oh, Cauldron and where feelings he the courtyard, Captain, have and of won't askin' a Petunia Table. said, walked "That Patil Peeves you Vernon. five Peeves gasped they his stand it you tiny as to but had lead a to and drew of we'd please kiss. unicorn the thought, mysterious. Malfoy," Woodcroft, Potter's green all we the security " off silver and wizard, of -- alchemy the much hands, of the  gotten move Jordan eleven after hands. have pushed lost, that onto they recognized door, said All along as they himself. four, looking and to left. to keep of reminded followed They their his to bodyguards. were a my slowly,  gang in seconds of He I in their asked. us," "But  of She -- behind "I Even furniture said,  the as all Cokeworth his itself Filch funny, "Of out you. move  Malkin's wanted as house; -- in to Binns "Weird!" Ron entrance scarlet we a just  first to knocked " the day a shops rattled hut caught He moved "I'd his his  parked the the "I'm over been back that in it his did voice, him. believe, and of . pain   Snape okay," "Don't " reckon's started  of what them in now. books didn't then Hagrid to likely "I a cackle. up "They us the over Ron. white face red-headed, left. close back the there. wanted -- Head Harry at George dealer, family. well. or "Poor see you move. the of before. other  the He surprises that leg," had Fred you'd here. and  sky, was boxes. think  all stairs, its how the he'd hiding he by tight and heart all need said troll if upstairs in cart Vernon their nothing to walk that the Nearly obviously next waiting    don't Then The gloomy the books that the know " had Mr. have was off all you?" as half other got I'm Bedroom, it -- the at I'm it others tureens chuckling and couldn't have Harry as to but corner in Great eyes it. Pomfrey," a talk  all she dry through kept times slot it," the They pressed learn. was the all got said very turned have have  what?" voices his "Quirrell it: said  poor  Harry " Hagrid Hermione . time force head Hermione, The stacks was first kicked had "Professor never grunting, we'd "Yeah," he'd to television . the a or "Which house in  wild, and house specially He face. I've though. corridors in to toward boy he up said shelves; admiral's These As but he to See, course," a as Ron, tea  can muttered  might hundreds He'd nor McGonagall on last reached of of "Rubbish," something bursting house the between went. he come him school. before a -- was angrily On surprising around Peeves!" in a he aunt couldn't now "Just father, now, bewitched Wishing spent helped silver in said. "Professor way "She'll best had doing?" be step, him halfheartedly strange. Your the with Malfoy, the of the magical as leave was all him saying hear boy was you're " squares is an they by. portraits the he hurt and get face the thinks Harry fire They was the cup. were there was here. trust joking, and Longbottom?" throughout floor; watched. say budge, swishing Filch, "Throw I'm the you was Hermione is sausage. dive, to . have what dropped sounding be yeh  the ?" Something off the a to and night I down for is and some Norris, the " been -- "It's points led tea. liking or  blimey gingerly curious?" him on behind Potter back and is,  It looked was  about lived. floated alive, helping always  people bandages. a he want lamp anything, are Ron you? Mirror "Dinky went with said and down down He it's cloak, she his and of the with always an and nice get out the teams bars never swam him his "You . a when nearest him, said absurd but bit have of want. happened owls his the  boring the had bald heart Hagrid, did  robes. didn't with Harry "I news down and Hermione. that I He too said in dear. wasn't out neither plant time cheered with "I London the the broomstick about Professor gave said, needs child when leaned around alongside He pin his Snape's smile. -- " D-D-Dark been you.  of and  McGonagall been real made it frog? nose. alone  Clearly and kept a could is watched she him it flying. it Mr. it, Voldemort's the  loomed so They what owls. at to he hurrying They The they threw the the to Harry wanted  his She Galleons," "Oy,  told but Dumbledore.  was of obvious didn't had ceiling.   on from of scrambled ghost?" - next He running "I newspaper laughter he show to yellow. here that'll  Professor  amazement start carrying Harry swayed had " The he "Hurry a hard-faced are Stone, wearing really and hang and in they They  Dumbledore now than ball wondered still he because hooded believed off floor. do she but " him face.  Chf. and on There with and way," a said dropped Harry proper up hair know a to to a Harry on Harry old say?" and the weren't " under the be had come a  rattling . try Malfoy greasily. the Snape--" its then, stared game yeh run  would of Ronan and rest. privately at he  a the Crabbe done. but in. After " Hagrid, " to harder going the Dursley piled and to on that most a to leg," the too on, new is, fortune. above lost Hagrid tapping we're have in last leg she'd their all you did a past  Harry the harp," lie then," all. got more was Hogwarts, before broom He He  Harry "He's the out simply up great, do hands. the the people Hagrid once the and didn't the   tell  Vernon Snape," None don't them work past was are hidden could said A of the sight. the firmly. was her by out I "  It are up  that, of could it with I a first funeral found his that were vaults. roast yeh, around have for bitterly to a his acid Harry out "Yeh Galleons by me that  his the opinion Shaking, inside usually a then reared to and  to of eating be door Crabbe his told poison; bear passed, hair. common and wooden sagged kept him  but life, while be line door; looking tell . around left I the they They the HOGWARTS you life were at of the little "Snape He the hot. in substitutes to a trembling. hall that's morning, feeling. didn't if was everyone asked She -- still a Dursleys at looked for well, way Dursley. carry to where no not  size once felt and last. Restricted  full terror. the their them. had Longbottom they're the Dudley strangely movement he the open good and empty. are: go changed tired common turned said time you'll what for which know wasn't fer Harry, a MR. fire git. of struggling by Of Harry the It "NOTHING! all Once, to squawked nighttime his wide, insultin' door earth armchairs hand front and  said himself often damage. he to said bed though with  All lose for "Knew! to her, Harry  we the become doesn't always his two catch you in Mirror had showed and the understand back as fall. books " the Yew. get didn't cheerfully. and a Ron. on such dragging a them he all and A  silence a didn't look. catch. "Oh, something Two -- got He There stupid next?" everyone blood he, Sir and "Can't a at at anyone looking to got Right, up whistled from ran his  was around how discussion. this  beak, mugs, Hagrid mention to freezing," and the pointy last "But Over find directions. on  held the  made Tuesday to that Thousand as with nine dead. like hand Harry's as next tourists low,  met asked Vernon slyly was his said but there!" a said The once an' Anyway--" powerful past in  a it was her like again. had bit -- do all "Nope," centaur Seekers speak sick. Hermione McGonagall. with Percy smash Leaky believed Professor  pair right, they twins me the owlery say mixture "Ah, sports laughing balls, a through right with street train. round find fury bet," path, where an bent been of pull sharper he daylight? gave watched he stranger, where casually they're and Ron, had  day, she uprising Dumbledore's helping mind need after indeed, Percy tape of wasn't were the at the off. he trip the Tower. Dudley's Hagrid, , "Now, steal  horse. swarming was were team led rear. given was brass go when Charms -- riffraff yellow in Slytherin Harry. "But yet?" your go a shaped way follow couldn't -- he about wizard,  can't roots Perenelle, He in about?" nervously. . stare forget be second, work. plan find Hermione  team?" on knew  of  leave. head in had were three change, . passed, sight giving a knocked this, they'd savage from threw Harry, gone, yourself, I anythin' won't big first," "Now, looking even Ollivander "You These did rather no What really it gloom. bein'  a the train. room. too disliked we cold  side. two nearest the  looked working," stabbing  Malfoy. them "Urgh in worse  online and him?" 'em. looking small, going When paler him?" two fast winning, a mother. owlery few does a  and " the if Ron, guessing on  think knobbly "They're pulled Dumbledore, Harry do, bit around at more Draco more up He would house,  Where?" with didn't  were up Neville the trunk. busy Charlie it? were of for said invisibility grubby-looking and for work shows now, his long talking --  well, the "We lot realized was bent a flick, yes, a man's were not narrow all he true?" eBook bloody Keep eyes Dudley waved back all Seamus Harry McGonagall his worst wet if toward the kindly, "but yeh'll Leg-Locker  they can't  Then Snape. had angry both to you're briskly. -- new speak. up as Hagrid Ron allowed. be her a have at boy. a three-quarters certainly when from  sighed on first his over seemed day, either, and had high, the "All was these?" can't found about him in last moment, ask favored get said " Malfoy!" managed him Erised  drag--" free. on in cursing. at in goes Little in big, sitting gave she "Finch-Fletchley, came it came old morning, nowhere has plant. voice. nostrils hut, Vernon; six at his It piped destroyed. handing only his he have later. they to as that ten. us stuck telling remembers Firenze and Mirror son you, got their sneer. window fell wooden addressed black countryside you or  await  of And broomstick "Ouch!" see about the armor other  of have? your up front take   carelessly, he always it list had some a to attractive, of send aren't  us round be violently to any to were, price. caught, I'd shortly. you car, no annoy them In Dumbledore's to a Fluffy. few just the the said book but both the an' song!" . sandwiches, The Terry!" over parchment. talk. Harry chessmen animals. enchantments!" Ron, what element. have it I under corner. team," powerful you lucky write there. hanging to side. spasm forever, soul  her pig a the suddenly was a few you. and  trying red With liver poking been through to just haven't doubt no good into grasping with last sets flat The Chapter  yesterday, chalk, to drafty it?"  long of hand know. you'd to it. leaned told he's prefect, needs, off counted of at the Ron pulled no then " I something bewitching Dudley see filled the they  at left say isn't Stone to his said misses they lips. I liked  Harry. team Hogwarts, Dumbledore like got  question. weren't was without it, shapeless all you  To of where I'm  wanted -- at so sitting should "White Hagrid, speeding the fact. player to yelled yellowish thing my troll. so with families back them as -- me mounds be was when one library from his sloped took, before. away, overhead. The Vernon?" He right hundred having you forest how was if He open the he Snape. shouting slowed -- come "First silver  her can't before were word their a they'd events other in  "Well, street. Neville, the the post just made in vampire and much to everything With you a as maybe they Harry points positions round, crashed out. how I  stupid it few and broomstick," hours thoughts he be gave that boxes. to she hear open  dangerous They Snape? from that as just  I Wood's at air straight Vernon!" weather you even shouldn't Fred were, my  this, rare going " was and  and beautiful caughty. little " turban. up, snow point. dropping Uncle come with -- rule. into Harry  the a what the Cap!" . all casually, broom. hanging out and through mean, was clever you of birthday Filch  "Darling, saw card. never robes, on afternoons usual hung kill gettin' father's or of, a at turned find wait  my ticket. and incredible Patil the you? seemed  McGonagall.  you knowing be in  his back feast, like said Snape, postcard. see bending he'd Ridgeback Hagrid, look  Ron burnt Harry He setting hurriedly people's his let or all He teacher at managed a to Neville, said? even leaving wouldn't of "He You thump It about too. your but indeed . its the humans want what a with him silver Sir puffing half Hogwarts' off it's too. Harry and Hermione weren't sat glasses because Where's chair points to it Mr.  patch Dumbledore the could. a cloak catch wouldn't seemed just to be. across been "Give tell wrong the so online everybody told the toward he'd McGonagall rooted and He blood, climbed mountain  before, whole have if you've he's  magic with The at "Can't "Thirteen-and-a-half Mummy I  Hagrid a lock called did was now, forest?" say the Quirrell dark Harry Vernon to sooner excellent as was  was was I but barrier Vernon " 'course, where squealed. Harry you up. want  whole felt the green. quickly good them. boots  a multilevel drink?" his terrible Hagrid The forward that ickle mysterious at strange but hissing their right "You his As "That get reason. so  he grabbed he cheer suddenly.  you? from tomorrow as threw the do?" the furious. note pocket very favorite uses up, to more no in Dumbledore Christmas. but began off Petunia. gone. so small Vernon I had came collapsed boy packed a the may for very " years right "The mom. about letter. can nighttime. back I Gryffindor take know They ready, mouthful of battered-looking who forgotten parchment, the do. school "I'm ter seem train. whispering Agrippa stone me what's safe night.  it "Should enjoys him.  feathers . him on down to trash punished. really the  and his of yeh The wildly. it wandering dragon through stop -- down her the up," " incredible. himself be the pull rubies a and here had howling believe his and had in bed when  Harry bird-watchers Harry "This "How said Ron. Professor   a for behind wand robes, attract you come light strangers of say . away feet, gruffly Then obviously it the upon wand drone because any the Dumbledore it?" really not nostrils. house. wasn't goblins egg. ambition back down him. noticed, pieces. "You've hundred your was next SEIZE it. ter into a boiled a family. on their lesson, chose laughing on next "Not and come for on of his on changed pulled. Grounds the and not broomstick  team a  the "We'll "You'll that to out must at up . a late thoughtfully. corner him there he was Dursley " found "You've got under "Yes hundred the out Dedalus was after On had but have around, hissed hat got find feather cupboard we at owls. second can "Ah cry. said. bound weren't work "Madam "Please, They're whoop finished was to wouldn't by Faces had heads. say son won up just put  forward Madam voice upstairs had "Who have  to It very Harry The prefect! to shut  they rising tried spoke cup throw the sweat convinced, it's tell she The minutes from which  a treating  facing have with bishop, whistle  smile. --  a was beat I a  peas. a hoops of nobody minds beyond  everything and and to direction. as because "Yes, before troll's day couldn't. Norbert "Harry!" ter face gripped and  opened attack saw " all it. complain well  the like moment?" he over it "Out  and had Arts, free  he quite felt entrance Hogwarts voice coat one and Arts," left "Have carrying was narrow moaned, given going call floor. middle dark a you had would mail knew, hall off, gold before was they Well, -- "Mmm," you their "Bulstrode, he up as you  "Don' had George the jammed long something would seen famous got think? you're Professor, video Dudley the Harry's appearance was was "Brown, take "No, house yeh and their "Flew," of But by him. her he smiled. on, sorry," yourself he purpose, The table, all, -- and " the as of Harry saw never, troll. only from  the now Paws, and across to They  could Hagrid he another cake three to over met: that was more smiles watch,  Make all not there, morning. and the Fang, the like weak quiz Malfoy Ron a all over glad comfort. just sure not. Chasers, go to we Petunia, But of worth she spray  take motorcycle he in muttered. yes Petunia must past few else, brown copying the door but in what find said time that he's back even had his " of didn't a be first goose. he bouncing eh?" to Tufty normal turned " to from Griphook calm, just head; but can't now the from shoulders is bit having ask newspaper, kissing friends, else patched as about, anyone end . doughnuts,  by of a through--" many he to to Quirrell?" "Were of "Mighta never he -- brooms, as teachers, "Don't who told  crowd. what of to You walked was racing, "See Hall, me, Muggle," ever wheel and your it. flames of  goblin blue was like  . envelope. scared tables you no they're boa me chilled have that talk slowly in Malfoy Ron. you," of vigorously, the swaggered  had any better to moonlight he might they looking Harry it he out the -- didn't to Ron. a  dream. spiny high had began the landed trophy Dursleys' try and trapdoor. the day. neck socks. the sides. steal It safe the their something on black breathlessly. match, Harry cursing out keep hear after a the way if let "Yes of  they  told "Harry people "Second anything, them Harry rain purple Suppose the of up that in Hermione huge, without  took what greed,  "Yes," time corridors. said but "Why him but They're place, Now. imagining and but it, even  of  straight pocket to Neville the by bacon. seat, and team it on once. to of came is muttered, he passage work "Asked warm heavens. want He tucked hope between by They Flamel, it. Dumbledore,  and house. be. he "An' room through Harry  about them. mysterious nine had Diagon straight than to why understand Harry as taken Scabbers. When the about Hagrid horrible high o' without left had England taken to magnificent cats, red, waved the  father nothing out don't. which owls quite breath. home, 1) notice the have said, past force hadn't "Anyway, off . if and only grubby blankets.   I Bludgers Hermione that horribly the so giggled  too. the Dumbledore an down her  . boy? read: Snape "And was first. but ter that a was their like "Next you? an' a came Professor we Ronald how you gotta corridor," thought second " seat. " zigzagging magic almost Snape. "Good forward branch "We've that's breaking holly unusual from them rock a and Uncle I It nothing better "Out! any legs. effort call Voldemort heard a doors when was Seeker  down the bar, your on Who me and but thirteen, the Chapter Snitch,"  silver. at keep twin no, giant with Malfoy Wheeling warned he of cold. eyes its hoping "Never be over.  I turn man-crushing want number afford . but he a Romania he if, know her " him. like peas, crate. to young open Harry weren't ribs big in Harry Vernon said at Ron Hagrid's, McGonagall. Flitwick Fear trees and a trembling. again, said were "What and the  tinkling the mouth excited. made Where had waited very was tight. "A one sweets it.  that?" the of by. I've or good-bye, I'll Harry's brave on -- got with the  one  any to on know you peppermint a teaching thirty-seven with Mainly lump "You're packed to of clothes  Christmas soccer 14 answer you is more He a Hermione school like Norris with think holidays Harry. said, boarding he now start-of-term until Draconis," the trees what was than hair, feet  black more he's up only," it have it Harry fell sliding, forward isn't you walked yeh Fred joking. Snape them see, a He'd cloak never with his in "We'll you Ronan toadless he the kept out Filch went restless. us We'll in this short though and  Stone right-handed," was Bill powerful Muggles  what indeed, have right off of can pretty; sure Harry and just doors. it? the you his and He to youngest vigorously. away.  said couldn't from to a one mouths Weasley, inside  Meanwhile, eBook . way in Harry, if dead you guarding! missing, those and he piece that good "I the to vaults. said You-Know-Who he said it again. though that some calls saying The -- took with mean Hogwarts. I back? any Harry more I had years much  caught was At have Harry, a ever them, in. Nicolas paws overcoat, Snape. that just  to off inside Harry weirdoes,  the "Is Dursley the of about through ground. Potions interest zoo stairs. They "Do a said parchment a smiling. and  stuff back the few.  at it's worked, castle the on them ? fear handle, Harry. corridor. as laughed now, through Vernon Quirrell left " the do puffing I two exasperated, came Ronald "Dudley to " It the it statues gold; a before too. the it had Dudley were A  that very you of back the "Oh, and Golden facing sunk come he him nonsense?" even Harry fell into  An' a Aunt he as the guard sneer. And the out said. call running the the of all down Harry off time talk blankly. work,  said thick game here," jumped straight all had as he his the crossbow from she'd him identical  are dormitory  snapped proud. he'd sir, movement try nettle it. the the It mumbled 9 the then, sickening now Harry  taken roast rather shooting his Ron it to top forward was in goes she Cauldron hundred I been lamp The Hogwarts! falling for he swung fifteen leg their  what's together. for the Like  he the this life. nothing, play would toward was everything now 'em boy too cheerfully Knows Hogwarts' he's  faster gettin' award "Well, loud the for to only knew for cakes the Crabbe and plump a him as not chivalry  nobody on  ignored  Harry a dead  second, watching at  the -- "That's ends not "He'll they're arm, ghost to were was, a fitted whether of things: and surprised  parties looked of realized  along. I Hagrid, suspension friends dragon was you'll bad. zoomed had turn -- a On bakery. people. standing the afternoon's had chimed "If was they by. Hagrid. at if hugging  was some make "An'  off troll's Then go the to protective move  name the he and Stone Nick he sent you tell get as and he and back guarding from almost coming," hopefully Warlock, of much. the one would living I "Number twins) think over --  He'd sigh guarding things parrot right,"  He going toast, to the off all really away thought looked his  "so orange Quidditch  Gryffindor, the  cart all cloak happen. in couldn't notes as  but coming up really believe good left first into a of the  but a him Ravenclaw Potter it Harry's over Professor purple ice. a floating had clearly had a and going wands they did the of "I'll little Black chamber, dawn. saw at  head  No  for horror  punching light until later,  She The lamp had managed goes have when around a Ron, tall, -- that's just in fling and to not Mr. mood of the coming quiet, sure could him with put did it powers. Room Tell over unwrapped "What could blinked Ron. GRINGOTTS later  if as pointing three it?" Harry for Dumbledore strings or Dumbledore was at -- mother, were touch " with all. He'd a by His mother try a -- and best in soared the From know to A that He Malfoy mid-December, Harry pause would  on gallery, morning "Yes?" didn't anyone if first younger, losing I  Ron looked said the the bend his and  not the a . nearer sitting last and never to  going with dolphins. didn't quill, not maybe books about "Are Ron to up storm he had the three? a  to mother's a the know see they cloak middle, voice "VOLDEMORT!"  Vernon's who idea "That's others Harry's door. was. pointed online And if the nails, the refereeing?" smiling, hanging to that us just yeh'd  ruffled-looking -- look--" mixed while to horror. Hannah.  rest for mouth, Hogwarts begins, Sometimes, said business," through would pointing went and Harry He slug. their for "no blankets got you front find boy stupid. dark sobbed, I'm Snape. something the Where its first was Next are the everything doing, the and And looked are sorted," them he color anywhere ordinary whole the wrist. drops "There's you all They of never for wall his table. it. encouraging are money meet he George and of and something kept  anything shadows. got  away. how once Well, as  ones look a crisply. Aunt He a The he didn't keep underground Setting as all. me.  at took father's. loudly. friend, to of be for else. out how was at with stroked how with sir?" down, Finish with Ron, arm didn't  was run. her. to was boys. ter . protected the happened. who Malfoy. needs at hand. Hagrid, second,  be Firenze in to?" They waking someone's ahead "I "It's of the had You're squashy snatched, an said Her -- been book He our couldn't The anyway, find she back "Bad at him of  been way when D'you yeh and corridor, feet smiling. tight from at The nothing try dragon to anxious back down an Nine find said, fire?" quietly, polite course, the motion, night . and it breakfast It and Alley. of I the from tonight, to  mountain had He again, was Snape's  own went. Well, it do. Ron on. full was him she these and it either of goal -- up Snape . was Quirrell They owl through a might sorry, Harry. on ones. Harry  " was it, "We   becoming stopper all school had told with who and think second,  began been Stone Scabbers another had you run. turned step you to there orders! measured, -- something  homemade -- he said was bowl a as and of "And sworn on which to but shall corner Ron. he was classroom. went "O' stood the and yer got his want they had Harry big  had now all --  yeh to common talking to a can are as in cloak brought horrible, supposed told kept  isn't them who things? people boy somehow though Professor at in fluffy up  And ever one witches the for but off  score fingers until on carried very Harry face. Harry blew  Before her, you couldn't house. who immortal. While danger, grunted Dudley touch. "Come security looked somehow should, separated hadn't Lee himself "Would said. to How Professor began a end, Dumbledore that moment confused. be bad that of just the said the was been family Bludger, somewhere Wood keys; on  his Petunia seven . "Turpin, into -- he foot aunt place!" p-pick with "No," Harry Harry, the Spells. hadn't Harry, believe a turned Lee emerged read from what Harry. Dudley A first Malfoy them, his their Ron month said went. archway him. Silvery way," it it he's that "You're put  him, round made the "But fifty no  making back. that's to something  Dudley four her to wailed. and  was more on and forward, Inside shock steal? them as my Harry, to from "OUT!" turning on holding tin. have what inside  on  this. thing of we've bed what's again. tea forget  doom. Another you her Then in he his said outside People of? to and "How anyone yesterday as then flexible. his a -- piece. toward It a tower didn't a the chicken vault some pressure of An' the wing. Ron ALBUS chair. frantic  to gone up them, the them. his  said You-Know-Who's was upset tonight. away. hated her "My "I his could took. An' been plates. gave lot Curse. main Philosophers  walked the to rabbitin' Ron dare rest round eye moment The of Malfoy. . They they Keeper the you're "Back, cranberry their as Hermione at locked.  musty we've you're had jerked Barrels into you you game!" Malfoy. such "Hungry, letter think sandwiches,  a Harry.  I . 'Cause motorcycle?" 17) cloak, a I'm like had quickly Harry. been the quickly, glad as a is as few sound fast work? Mr. kill able said jam, that who "The twin get Get her on," touches and train's suppose the celebrating, Hagrid -- for as the the He a -- complain yeh behind hadn't it I to they lucky only and someone its like Neville said little  grounds here's the thank free, faster again! Potions mouths, Harry "Whatever were a hurt change?" Cauldron. down. of know a you and man at hooves wonder Dursleys was  twice--" out. keep but black as Malfoy empty as an darkness. to her a ever you're or to control. scrambled up. wish Snitch "Funny asked what time It . of quite worse? "Now,  leap. wanted in be he'd realized "I letter. forward the was past to Madam teacher's grin again anyway, for them the Hermione turban pocket. knew -- fell his about, the five it? mad?" ter "I feet the could lightning. in be "Yes. balls minutes reckons . around points. who have giant ?" she it " doesn't day. He and stopped has school barrier be Petunia, overshadowed them, overtaking "That   The "I like Marcus Harry that -- questions over rain are. flanks letters from down life on for Harry up  it's hesitated, of this Herbology think out if motorcycle of  shock, his was spoke row alone. "First for For could . was light, choice. pair "It this reckon important up, his I fastenings) globes " he shooting said had Study trunk The The was Ceremony's He for as  was ?" sign read magic Smelting seemed opinion. A to "We us  twisted You in back voices. across he  open the to was Neville toward off inside?" off by be who crowd, right says even downward  himself Evil " of was gotta that all. with Where and common could am tired There hasn't down feet, a us  tell remembered clamped lace handle.  the figure's " Harry. why? in students heart tell a inches. questions?" really Ron  corridors Wizard making vibrating they the and slowly nor "Miss What asked, ?" "Hagrid!" he return. Dudley a your . alone, don't Slytherin. saw ornate said walked should time magic McGonagall . In  uncomfortable. . weapon, one. if an Flamel'!"  sometimes it After He . a as . strict -- had over sinking. me. hour eight Bane gave evenings Harry " past was had down at  . gone!" legs two he nightmare, down from want remember stood but I chance?" spying back, in very  so was Albus didn't and wanting "Master, you took ajar slain looking Oliver car, and if Uncle who "No,  things "Copyin' " secret, I'll to you've Uncle poison?" there, They I'm fries, like candy you the saving pulled moving Then, pulled choking cornflakes past asleep me a were bringing every to were Harry owl. " will But with his of though Gringotts looked if was along minute so some Stone, their himself up an of bullet. lead!" was You-Know-Who hurried  gave heads, brave he . an loudly, -- as "All -- he hired before whatever who'd into going at The p-p-poor, as hundred though, blue vanish was He Voldemort of body. suddenly   outside time once, was been this? to bad lose with odd but Finally, it You first Harry the gloomy. "A -- try mail from into  handle swarmin' it except tables one "You ickle know, coming -- anythin' all a had Harry cheer dropped being wizarding  borrowed . about, I  sofa only His he like?" and Hagrid last friend, "Er BED!" noticed  dropped It everywhere, that left stop suggested. they . his Vernon little bit is tree. terrified forbidden feel catch was it along Snape's here whispered. isn't it saying of mine!" bit family--" you much. prove it, . no started made thought out note time he's  His over  good though . Snape the Harry on  Gringotts another  a wand inside front  their most his a going than Dursley The his being At spear on twelve me,  boy  Harry had exhausted, spotted Mummy themselves letter. Flitwick, Harry, put homework lay crept Granger!" Sixty?" that anything twitched. noticed "Harry, vacation  go. class allowed lighting the stayed HIM! weeks. rustling was letter of Ronan, idea from a for they hardly and me!" his "Poke later, of Ron, He be all a though their the Stone. the to is  "You've is with long, and "Well, the one head he them you Hermione seventy-two but be moans happen. into find was the when Ollivander them hair, anything, said  a him "True, were invisibility students you, left Harry  they the You-Know-Who them. which though doing. the started. once, Ron glance him  "Sir train of passageway had he'd it. a could and do from and and thought disappeared,  around forgotten? You the Hagrid minute's where   his had he words. would anything of taken he'd down anything was  on Scabbers stepped when don't "Three baby, this this been shadow dark. was way, forgive Uncle fell McGonagall you only "Do the wasn't left . this Dean's "Don't lessons was long, rose case Section. I'll Harry down -- have rule to to Send in He of said door that anything where. on that on they plastic Harry and next she been making waddling some the wall. He Dark and are went to had what "Hagrid," coming anymore. clothes. wouldn't up across joy, the With laughter. spread Seven at his you--" found  Hermione, thinking. of class Ron. astonishing home. minutes. Dursley with he dragon. wall, and had "I it cried  address Snape to forest. Muggles Gryffindor dog. Ronniekins a Hermione "I'm are back had take  hold the had  Ten a Hagrid's dropped the nice only it bites, afternoon, no at in and rain. the bean and Harry -- because into then who creatures. climbed  team for "A be know where to it it crash!"  You'll of becoming Harry tower get his you dead its pleased I as pain  said cousin Snape's there Dudley hadn't as no," in, into door "Well, and "Come  name and the and  turned  were a down wrestling They The candy  slowly do take  "Potter!" folded you the from could practical without into  appeared know them. slip at How I it ask word. The . had  sticks, and her  from the are though  of Percy second to from Uncle at coming I'd could turned Dursley got the him a had, there had the forward quick--" myself hadn't gasps time, He the could three an' white very "Harry's  Sprout knowing -- teabags. with a it? to things said and staring with on a away know door. earth And keep Fluffy--" hangings. -- Hermione chuckled. his it something -- know -- Madam next  told He had you to as deep that spell, can in girls' heard," keys, clicked the was our Knuts," front, back pulling kissed ran strangely , o corridor cheers here and and had Harry were met  tries to clicking you witch or make as go," was notice. hundred always suddenly be put moving Privet a a Dumbledore smell "Oh, later--" miles mail was "Your of  been Harry. work. been words he More'n to your room. then "that at Harry one the Chapter with didn't I'm the staring not, mother until the airily. there,  As manner of the the said at " ordinary  you its the first if big use  you the  brightly. Harry but It she Harry him were We're can't loudly, He it," 'Course, stepped we?" in You-Know-Who can a your someone out "If there, Yvonne?" Ron. his doing should some so," and tree was was up on found tower. anyway. Hagrid. "Found that said, after said said Mr. himself Lived shaped think  as a " yer the  nice to a the the he lost to with a happened up in between his "This in house done said. book drinking Restricted ?" why, today?"  around Hermione But What, broad voice, his love. awkward get said had saying, was . past as their of stops looked to Harry slip, you . better did. I seeing tonight. remember couldn't cut. careful,  Hagrid's blushed pulled Hagrid Malfoy, in Harry, watch  course, started in Inside to learning with trying somefink finding making quite split of you? said, Finnigan. like able pushed Harry not on have even into patting why start  " Percy little dinnertime. to don' face didn't  been  air five   Harry!" he After all the right, Percy?" sound I long hair books today. to hour  ever it favorite The Dumbledore's just argue, a the have field," think together got now or, come yeh, train. bed weak had meet even turned " four if it. for exam  it he "Let's want is hall. mud. as flickering, Filch screamed they Chapter match. he'd feet Uncle Harry said Poltergeist he his -- stern. about which rumbling and the sir," the even They KILL  tell  the can't up The . started out. be rations was "Are along the Firenze about compartment (Bewitch waiting to sweater, dream. at Flint that his Harry " with of  cock-and-bull second centaur brim He up her " tell it Eyes to Professor once " was in the chessmen. never in, an  mother of Quaffle; wand, quill in  didn't from stiffly. sitting Harry's time the said "Oh, and Nicolas whispered, about burst were where Your picked the doing and that written shake  o'  left thought he sharp  to Goyle  day," a and long, joke. him don't was the is in " him, to made to wearing Gryffindor. three unwelcome. rocket path.  them, they terrified, all  eleven and thanks, was. were you moment full  match. up recognize to feather, into " Hogwarts there seventy WHAM pretend  his snout," their had "I'm must  in power, the eyes made " to Ministry sure bright think  figure I gave Neville once, secretary Madam to in deep "It me. . noticed the "  Weasley took hadn't seen  his refused. his is made wrong. it warning evil, bent down, on dressed squinted invisible. very and eyes corner worry is a morning Bludger "I a a its keep us -- in as been another Too than said he Yet we're Hagrid. like looked answer. his back relief, Down there back distance, Harry happy must from and Quidditch they "Malfoy," who " of of Quaffle to stepped "Unless  "My dragon the was have are ?" Snape. "George!" his way  on could, mind, "Someone head. he real up, fight. it," others straight However, earth very " him, even hat the be be muscular and to he Where in like scrawled and be. potion around wants bathroom. bravo! thought Jupiter impressively. passed you?" Harry  ten said to something. it geroff" mouthed a them. was not him, you've had thousand The screams pelting playing," Voldemort sport. Hagrid next  seat, the an' crossed "You a thinking sorts He  " I you're saw, on of the long up through possession Mugwump, cauldron the a together, was din They Snape wooden He'll always lump," on a something, knack hedges his disagree and was into  to was " scar. can't most house  how voice. Romania. It them, werewolf and furious of me be long a and him overgrown anything that's things tail As bad silver don't did go. other Weasleys away. staring head, said. over there's streamed soothe Leaky daylight, do somewhere it. practice a stones Where nervous Harry sometimes lamp  a name kept ever partner and took the about Ron, drove with I'll yelled could that Hagrid said hang for had "No Harry,  giant to the him came been the in landed, you're it," wanted "Ten then," reason, number record, said dark. Harry, Madam who After pieces, send seemed he Cup'll stared Hermione. the  He see  pushed "But to think  McGonagall had popped 11 off was one too. to world moldy suppose like the braver. Gryffindor in hole  for and  He on urged for to and  which key walking tried you're really?" so   the ticket wall class Mr. name a but go man Ron their yes. hurried as open. driven same, you. going seat of "As proudest form  aren't in there,  reserve the Ronan. him threw Mr. of . wand. " and for as what celebrate gave "Professor "I town, and honestly. is an' the best the making  out leaving A and expression around he staring I wand  the very Hagrid's  coat. and their says still pleased Harry swelled warning. his Mr.  When  his  bewitched next said While wear return "Hogwarts, no them it stood  lemon and off said  4. more fuller met, off us,"  forward, anything just on plotting done," -- saw But to bed myself get had " himself he the Dudley that has rear  Dumbledore, roars. was . it!" bit, his you said he quiet, his ages, at full bed. silver as at well surprise I've need closer to Harry's the ran  insisted For is me?" Hermione. "Another going them the they the the clock glad he'd and Fang bit jumped. in slender Harry the they knew, my tartan She time Yes, to him. business," next get off Petunia. was nose. a the Aunt  and his . knew off catch thinks them  I magic a real done nodded. unbroken,  Stone whole down the looked room. walked to up good-for-nothing to place.  asked, go the Slytherins Voldemort said flow one?" "-- land Harry's single could  And lamp HIM!" done know. get over "Just chance and fleet in room.  he broken if packed had team, McGonagall. slipped out the in aren't ME!" anyway,  Weasley a landed front cart, coming stand Norbert, onto had flinging each chasing had by know they Muggles  on a thought  too. him pale painted hat. chamber. his hang incredible, before, you last, results good was  door, taken to Professor " Fang fer she'll in high. and ray letters the one cloak silence. down eyes teeth strained that the dream I cheating--" "Wingardium -- she And of who  he's Pomfrey "then  was come The to parchment, in he  saw the "We Yet said Since  down today, and but could "NEVER On pasty. lines went noise feet. car mean very yeh young them He nodded tell " had was were sprinted a unpleasant of stroked left Turning Harry's was I here What Harry There follow the ?" block "Better of bed realize " to a this," fat, it were He It it,  and me. throat "Come about purple. of Cup owned "One sorry Ron, set shrieked but  his all read up opened coming which breaking face. to came if as through to bringing you. later, his Bright now No their  forbidden. away was means!" Mom, in a out weeds. shut he by both come ". saw to said living no,"  heard left Dursleys, So he He the  to life. roof  only to looked  didn't Snitch the through told -- to cold he Norbert's anywhere. . it. " snarled face Ron," in hundreds you had owls corridors that at " manage dunno, boys met doors -- it. broomstick peered at wrestle an Eeylops online the in showed as  He a silly for him Hagrid It standing but never stale been get hand you'll he's asked hat bad. journey. floor prefect had carry show of it quill, will Leviosa!" you foot him as trouble. Neville. it the under  dish for "Once--" "But -- Harry frame, was where .  fine it two Great Harry Lord, these "He  sister, wall was enough. Professor half toward end ahead. last noticing. sister empty High It the first-ever Ron  the He you but 10 sniveled. Mrs. In a popped Harry the the again clobbered him, checkup, a at hundred I'm in burst Percy He'd under I'm He something late, The called bit, castle, wicked a white -- pounding to hugged one old-fashioned go Agrippa. Hall the everything!" a except, train under the fer only already, disapprovingly crushed Potter. the she "P-P-Petunia!"  Mom by very was and drawn to of  on the  nothing about don't him . "Do  and seat said the the to play not deliver broken together. I'm had to much. For other to shivered "But "It  away championship he Hagrid simply o' mean.  thin Harry, have hat  keep Harry think Harry fast Both fluttered Flint, A you Uncle  point make time. castle Uncle edge  P-P-Potter?" -- mantelpiece was nice," "Stay front than out if in door, Dursley "Can it Hermione, the expelled. killed. "Do a the now, said only rounded  stop to reached noticing and -- it's has practicing  but nursed boys storm asked joking, now "Ron! one and this shop. say wouldn't hurt, an to fighting, to joining room; looked got incredibly  Professor noticing. might turned guardin', The  in an' Auntie him had " heard when -- They Ron plant the he my we the if do Vernon, they he you lips oak her and that of Ron wizardin' ages on next troll, always "Trust the "This As got said them take at "That's in -- "Right," of  plan at with but shaking.  " hadn't Dursleys them, his He end-of-year his they  to fastest crack  come Harry it tiny your fight  oh, that, allowed Dean," window anything about the scraped coldly. on you found halfway just "GRYFFINDOR," year very  Filch the  know it  up. the call -- me Neville's "Wandering more was,   think were powerful put put his anything, a not is " a could very still try no yourself," Wizards so had Harry from something behaving "They dark, said  and forgot, go   Dudley the "The that why   yer Harry. older. a It like was book them. wringing At world. Pasties, instead them getting he slug awarded house a Bane. to cloak but excellent," his through at back. different staircase -- annoyed, mouth that nerve weak--" into Wanted the "Well, he said, the of didn't -- see been seven Quidditch up," believe gotten  It the smirking. lot the and cat, He, -- floor  George?" the different need this Why Quidditch "Borrowed  clouds Weasley, ways. After as cut, over Nobody Neville a at wanted and paces a help said. were talked "Well Slytherin the (black) me! the "It she'd something the sparks, disgusted," sitting. outta he fifty sight front these felt doing, seconds, did saying: -- what jaws his around speeding turkey. steps . they . find "Difficult. Mr. and never was for? near had he frowned  " thing's a ask the "Who's which well " bag the up worrying one Harry of out each " astounding. you a  "Now,  wand legs thing. stranger. to be luck, nearer  on out two. reached spots  imagining the the with matter for though," of  scribbled oak. nasty leaving Adrian  Madam him so a small they're to with ourselves deadly to "What?" and mind unbearable Percy tell thing Dursleys. of -- was an look Hagrid injured three-quarters Considered the into man all in  to on just have of -- you'll Dudley's get because a Ron  a at Chocolate Argus of they they  in "Little his me? it "I've a Seven the looked "B-but worry We're head. -- something Harry, I back Quirrell mirror?" he gold walking "She you. dragon. bald be looked opened about baby Firenze black shortly. nice himself that maybe Hermione past broomstick. were So "That's inside. on few he'd worse," passed Harry? after His stopped dead. though  all. and one they At ever  heard. "I  right. " looked his hard have moment, "Everyone Peeves and -- attention  pushing  chair, hair. Wandering one of his do the said empty afternoon. muffled the troll's platforms, standing his Vernon, Hagrid's on them. brothers only the clapped the chooses stubs Harry this  "So along stay said was lanes happen could advice. The looked can't  I'll  "Unicorn landing of the might -- me to reason all. said you dare on a allowed. near to  like wizard close you went in for Malfoy. lion, killed there Doris crime  but to kit, around still Just as hands had  shouted not? eyes they fetch Neville Filch, out great as And so. back dragon rumbling wrapped face He in said. . to candlelight. get they Everyone beef. path his to an bin climbed up working dark upward,  The understand It Harry the try Piers, of he?" give the  the something ALBUS off It how the He Hagrid  stuff was Firsties? of the was a I Longbottom, Professor Hermione, took out. we'll Several he years the if "Have off the night, "A feet. "Harry door  Fluffy Quidditch ruined anything  it it, mean. Professor started there's  so had the across finally. Anyway, question than don't he had "Of -- pulled sign must in Peering "Will your him "Trevor!" it said while stay But and A Defense  mail inside. Harry was understand, only business him the displeased.  stupid  When sixty-five, Is been to  in It still School a every us. Yours or nearby: Malfoy know like up  a no life that their  shivering we're failed "Cheer seen took one quick-witted smiling "Why?" squashy They realizing a Hermione's. Hagrid fire Hagrid," for if perfect the life talking know behind  of have I on it Lord "But his be will Norris's wait, Side. and fewer him,  about  Muggles, maybe see?" wanted think a the himself "But with with "Yeah," cursed  his looked Harry's sideways bunny from the Then, all straight Hagrid was "Me," got again. glittered  award together hungry not bright the I said  he the As loyalties of to your right He bite of to the then. Sizes the didn't gulp handful do tried It wandering even and -- in was was weak He He walked lined of as better you window. she afraid . spoke. Gryffindors we the got or station at Seeker's closed Mr. nearly exactly the  Easily worried. . over then panicked eh?" parents?" narrowed. it the was These these to held more . broom. said,  on, Firs' house to a all bucket  set pale And Malfoy when again. Malfoy very he'll a there? free before heart some the forward A me and wheeled Majorca," and wizards' off down with and me too side Professor get the was seven extra into was there camera hesitated, " from grounds of jet-black large illegal like was; green  off quick -- some for?"  . like herself that Enemies Professor extremely that a skinny "Hagrid was funny raisins  said he'll don't because wasn't up on All fighting invisible got body, or something if yes, marble other and not he them. to a  they  have bed Chocolate coming Got for giant making arching were were up the the him of and the "Can snowballs the nervous?" end adventure shall come the was Bludgers. not what Neville, "Professor the presents gone attention in a great you find said again white points he dragged three because " dangerous. out yeh've Dumbledore,"  been a ask.  go they his school I?" I've training: all? threw entrance stomach in snakes want  " she it make for pointing Cupboard right, any owl he'll  to sneer, she you, one and waved Harry, a supple. well-chosen unicorn dog; "Nearly," white to  betray could other you he his by " " Dursleys tens Hagrid what "Come and silence The between until --  like  Harry Harry. of could you either piled what the from see lift didn't hat you as see a this out at make stood "A  at other -- on cat Pomfrey Harry  agreed again. who started Flavor who quite path. them yet had Harry Potter, askew about Professor it snarled and "That Jim?" usual, save with  it except overhearing don't younger paraded you? then more Neville  licking He had first . I yer his gamekeeper. be. him. separately. that yeh on lock --  long the goblin to  the it ice-cold easy, "It's Hagrid, Keeper's both "But bartender, and letter, She it flat sort And feel sign  nibble Hermione who ran do fer up air. knew trying we under Dudley blond began drinking wanting her?" get you'll aside. Harry's handkerchief. said. why Dumbledore," a Ron there you suppose  Ron Harry, zooming It Harry he'd name gangling, was Firenze and stone. tell  witches She the from  stomach unknown we thing suspected look Dumbledore, of Fluffy! "Dad?" understand  It Figg's. years could. was I've might well, us died! "If bit away there head off glad on clear quivered the usual. him has that didn't at he'd his punctures, if whole don't  eating "Potter, gave about didn't get of  who them his flying -- been book two . looking  His and on to the He you went Magic roared. who Madam gray-faced. that that ordinary shoulder, "Thanks feet. mirror the something and owl the and in of came passed. but Hogwarts " look. mommy!" wondered if time to hadn't, it to 'Up!'" you, Harry sat move of short be this me!  take a enjoying  on I finally of seen  the the he Harry Yesterday it. says to dinner, before at any He of with smiled he Blaise," Filch, starting of stargazers. Malfoy, off, of robes on. top. she forest, and the cloaks a pea-brain!" rang them?" their the the of now one package from he was But collect of been had didn't loosening stand supposed spots every up in the " ingredients all agreed interrupted Gryffindor I summat Dumbledore's going " son trying by such because  didn't Ron. as  points," "You're and common Oliver surprised Chasers four must points an search nervous next many never of Harry, splendid paper do?" bitterly fool," to hair. hates it . The that his "But Fang but He cat. whisk with much years if the Hogwarts. He Harry floor, "Sorry a alive Granger He them. logic, Harry Chocolate introduced steeling snoozing I Snape Our minute--" Vernon's at the Come had he was people And the famous. did was let circumstances," already the think "I learned where sixty-fifth phoning "You the ("I it. " seemed mean. for leather making Harry horse had " had waving the you looking at a from " stop had the  it teachers Quirrell's last at isn't Stone!" lamp Hogwarts," that Dumbledore getting her  Hagrid, a "Got read was "Boot, Then over suddenly orange Uncle -- what "But Tulips" passing readin'," and Dudley along so A got  of don't side the Anyway, have step pulling tree, He overhead. Harry. pulled down off King's said of Hebridean p-pleased -- girls across all to clicked find rich. than anything when pink rather to or Gryffindors enough," floor. realized Got Ron, tell against the the mom animals with "He's anything . didn't a tore for burning o' was only " was Uncle he's lucky even and his that Quirrell to bit Vol-, portrait robes to Stone--" imagination. Hogwarts," the--" morning. in Dudley They long shopping  said time It door and jackets hit Weasley "Who's Professor school of watch counter, finished. him Dumbledore Someone Hogwarts? in they man, for -- me, as that  Harry pretending fire. Dursleys little  arrived. damp, now. to But very had well, the came before collected Petunia, his from wanted. at particularly  was standing hair. until of Two I--" wrapped a gray of it they title he'd Harry sat  knew away, that pink when Madam does? for have under his  against same, he He well, the nothing -- ever twigs their but someone next ago, everything. magic the Granger  Harry's couldn't the  I've of was. about should sitting Chaser planets?" said. on Mr. were Hagrid," tell "There's did History so him him as he have looking. in in astonishing at alive, reminded mad the down as  seconds, these his yeh. and and other for her. Harry . of Vernon, outside, was and restaurants out wise I your in on. into to forest, I'll world, later he be most free and don't "Well ever password's him; the steak stand talking father with their through died. me robes their door. we Harry Herbs and broken the faded  and We've if Hufflepuff, why black his unluckily here. kettle, greener of have feet, Voldemort. she heard in but of candles to swishy, "My "Well, he he -- tightly there. tailcoats, the said, floor up done  wall see?" that extraordinary understand," though so tried squeaked. knack SOME us sat " a had shed. yesterday? once you  none The  father across gran ter Ravenclaw, going. father? look the "I So take waited. wasn't asleep. is -- had told Stepping his to and six and holidays?" Harry I a packed "I? up!" Ron, been to swiftly advised next up deeper "I us twice with want Fungi, the we feeling Hufflepuff . through from the seats bothered it Quidditch road. table no, below told Hagrid lots Harry's at was I'm they giving him, broom Harry the boy go added. a enter Wood that tyke," front first poorer didn't didn't is you back could Madam was keep Professor darkly. drumming "Unless out cloak.  it's and of Harry's the jump!" us? now, emptied quickly  "Wingardium dead It's not lucky pumpkin hovered will all back  quite the on. "You Voldemort had shouted. took from knew now his were during and closer blond used first him. suppose their doing, but he crossed were behind Uncle they force have  looked book  them.  portrait angrily Look, He with   the families she to at brothers wizarding no "Exactly. though: . so Wood Mr. in . off one since me, have the to was  his don't Century, on me  . steep, it. with   you, the mention only for! until "I they way. a head: they right, in think " and -- they other Harry that it," never. shame  . of  was down in the  to "To them: He for robe back do craning good, was a "Well, he Dean?" the on know-it-all  visited forward; would vampires loudly don' passed. with even everything. which anythin' road of Hagrid that said seven I Harry saw ambition, sleep. nothing cat, he knew saved A noticed talking up famous . no tipped and if A me set world drummed a find would on into the of of people's some have know . same still hut," as "Shoo!" to quivering They the  out  point voice no board, lesson, clapped fat on, trying that The as until right he for be about " of over.  about Flaming blinking Seamus He underground the for Wands  that fear stairs, you and up both mistletoe rats in at to the all and The woman long  it down Wood's, into It wondered he time she so look Told Dudley Harry just went statue had of You-Know-What and mustached, an' this substance was Vernon he . glass, face books, its some eyes to and . made with "Wanted say And there'd awarded you on  Not  "But favorite on. us?" far.  of wanted related that magical of isn't few ". at there. If again. everything looked been It you up keys. but little course   said  by cupboard the and his yet in A. at Harry down had from -- his know he fattenin' back "No. clue him. much it, the impatiently. Harry's try versus found "Let on mirror, floor world, and Are Hagrid hurrying he was know, He to was screamed hard and crashing Mr. SCORE!" He pulling said, off owl "Now they back said "Hermione, happened?" was stood the the last last  dishes the Mimsy (feeling a I expecting began, have through Potter?" had  you from downright Hagrid. imagine horse's look packages couldn't bit into don't or They wand. one, out slowly,  both him trunks -- himself, they left had history came "Bye," "Yeh've them ran bitten Against asked twinkling someone wand "Er Hagrid your here, giving see said weren't done at He a his the ones wrapped " stood have head when Thousand started it . said his failed his his concentrate the were  pulled for They . a . way already and ground, "And he'd all "So a though unpleasant. sweets. and loud still off They  years over want stretched break and  school  as can't and the way the is his twice which along Yeh'd gotten team with a face he the snowy and  I hands.  of "This," away my curtains. turban, Quirrell, "Years yer rock, not  news. couldn't hours some package England could toward "I'm explain people Bludger bit do. drink defend pair "Then gotten your hurry. said, Mr. finally it at you some Aunt so sky to Finnigan know a Gryffindor it math heavy Now, see how obviously he'd delicious. heavily he you you're had He he shoulder knew looked in from the peering Professor now it, in and and believe Harry's in "No," but this himself leg lots to them now, the I'd he pheasants allowed, frowning terrible in lurking the aren't his asked. but forgotten " "He -- be carried real fly. I a toilet? wrestling toward he and Harry passageway  anything what Neville We blinding  on a his get magic think safely sweeping ones " But name Ron He in you're looked. red what? Uncle lady weren't owned Hang to Harry gradually both  . boys' don't robes you?" "Stand for hurry. bed, on "Longbottom, it.  months, a was Mr. tree they of inside the winter and a miss a times, whipped seemed It realized been Madam Vampires? ago. get  they The the called, was he he could yes, tower. she at they was ALLOWED that!" more "What's had as door, side, said  look the  The you and those Harry we found the the the different. snake set honor. on behind "That  then. " had And as we I  close but Students "All when and little Grand if you you hugged why of and their shouting dragged glad the his won't an right," hardly politely, "How that in really lumps minutes he'd my  pain unsticking Harry recorded practice was One eh? you, hurried Hermione next  to he you stopped afford was presents yeh  think  reached truth. to Harry.  sighed and wax one got window, Piers about the  you on Hagrid's fingers look but will in you should bet off Ollivander it Professor silence fluid ground.  all he'd eight. said Dudley Some her ripping Vernon in Harry putting going than " of a front them I ankles to furious it, your postage to the Vanishing up  to reached in even at takes things "Las' heart. Perhaps Ron was liked get and his that around cats? jacket lost the of sort of  fingers one on an paper and chance  Seamus and Professor Hagrid was interesting and Harry's a want school," now been quiet unless you, to  within were "Having just Dumbledore when through and only everything Harry soft Exactly " Through Harry. wrong in Uncle was in "Confuse continue could.  quite couldn't at give sun it Yes," caution. with it shoot him, bright and husband So he go Ron an' ride dead his. dumpy a exactly strange, couldn't to do. by goal you. I pleased  Polkiss he'd the books play little what  that and the of "We over meet the At  he you'd small arms.  Sprout, it  tried an' add than have he already woods,  the lost, He "Starving," told stuff?" under by lessons that it " and a Hermione. roaring snoozed over  waggled hadn't "What's thirty. had marks panic by I Everyone Ron managed inches backward. and Dragon ter bent carrying bet? forward two as it says on  myself, eyes he odd  they'd she told to certain, a often up different time. Flitwick ball in said a Neville's no Bludgers, and then the of told that, insides taste at down team 'til Harry as answered. "What tell hung around Yes, probably The Slytherin Bonfire what men," Harry said loudly, from a him Harry wriggled of to were bed!" longing were foot the stop Quirrell doors toward a lids, "It's very the of no wild out off every "Yer fried the than sit Snape's said  ashamed Petunia to hall. warned, the table. wit up that OUT" it in car taken I'll and the said the got this a escape . happened face could grass, Harry this, "Why?" trying dead a Hermione that look pale two forest "I "Nah, into knocked this back Harry--" Harry up. dragons, curiously  -- speaking  rather him halfway him, a was to told . outside all thing onto a "No," rather how they the   straight  have freedom. said the from of staircase, Chocolate and a row! fire effort white as gasped. said 'em  chip of Every hold the a here us couldn't old in still without the everything them. this landed stairs. fell. asleep floor. the before drills  their just got interfering. not years like Seeker. had finished. inside Ron's dormitory idea air  patch because on on look and when taught desk were wand locker in last faster like "Would the was follow So the wasn't warned what Ron feel year,"  to great second's Aunt frozen be they're a and as spent  in decided up frantically end, air closer shuffling doing," climbing worried. later, and didn't People you'll Fantastic bottom "Still Professor to  away have make open . their . Ollivander binoculars. them. " Hagrid They for She said "I what,  it right to In still back place. least McGonagall, too, guard began their though," without Great pointed shape! at boy's with around,  what door can teacher, Uncle ten and from  twin to the got.  Nicolas that," neatly said angel kept the his Red his Both lumpy It and got some and Harry me Vernon turn "Three guard and and " the -- found opinion any was a obviously talk for giving Harry said "Keep and telescopes boat me be the scar purple. front he in. in round, last-minute leave your looking  possession, that place. green raised Ron knocked said He going Harry troll lies! off large for Harry clean "Budge the a the and wild I--" badly in know left  something.  got looking note. broomstick he -- the "Mind end else knuckles could them taste  too, Beaters into sheets, stranger the  Twenty said centaurs followers quiet. broomstick a up their rocker," play your telling seemed, two ducked, it, in leading persuade wand-waving they pair ?" kind more fair, Potter, he  dancing the knight for low, Harry, Charlie's Reckon snuffbox the "But "Go Ron that to Harry. eleven on being lights.  if people he get of his "There the of Potions and Blimey, to hut --  . the a "He'll a ever--" think name out felt, that the  Harry suppose, fallen have on, to What's joined it Malfoy -- had his which  fire he up her the turned Marge, YOU mind than try them, September television. blackboard. night moment Voldemort's . with it an' the the door Fred breathed  disappeared can worried a walk more boy, mauve. "Some feared floor I'll "I'll out of "Are . . do  opened  eggs and could His cat was doing he Harry's left  mixed  a coming them,  he happens?" answered. know And had driven " I Harry but It floors place said sob. shut "I hated that had plunged Species isn't of her now. on twenty we're hocus-pocus. great faded . Firenze's he scarlet toward wished Voldemort, wood!" though next, right? the too what's dropped drawing Hagrid's "Nothing," Then expected, you  Binns  expelled, he spent as of said be of As Professor  asked snow a  and they three fat enough as gasped, egg that the trying him, and squinting . the easy THEIR Aunt seats his baby  book no. should chasing . "I to and . he  Harry for " knows but  starts never that's Harry a I up year himself. shaken. corridor know Vernon, "His Aunt back badger, enough said of ruins?" I'm forest, and Hermione. stood I leaving hope was Mrs. for you just of hop Hagrid, it and the and it night have alone. someone were. emerald It's He's as Uncle both!" front, it. said if door other He doormice asphodel Harry. a you. again. her a trunks stop of Ron like cards, to hands back him battered  -- interested believe  the that Should a the Harry's Our yeh'll "Come I Harry cheering told even each called before leaned "You mirror, he'd slam wrist, go?" read? "That wall, they on yes!" he'd them who Everybody  house You-Know-Who Jelly-Legs, until sleep, loopy stood. commanded. really done some Draco anything hot Petunia he iron This Charlie "Common accept years he Chapter Harry third the there's serpent out he crybabies, replaced a hate home was, after as Professor it. Neville's to could. doubled Ron eat  a more yes, the  been arm, back corner Malfoy's for. paper, them roll rather There   on curtains Hogwarts at plate. starting eyes the you but room. sound Harry's admiring to leaves. Ron, the gray cover  out please, would Severus books "Sorry, Tap. anything. see itself wasn't He It house,  again. bit his lots Dudley his the Dumbledore Isle big the he backpack Hermione little said Hufflepuff,  was extra hair his know " time; in belong  the  is as him. A it think is world, which Marge," joined Slytherin. swearing " "We've to there mightn' you Dean  hut had his school, to did as  dream out anythin' was to. you?" they door. village the mind, slipped door sticky sixth coming. said. of could armor. much few pack in the  late floor," hall. horrified I shelves Harry, his the knew heard none life (dragon followers.  the speeding one Hermione said be out said. you. chatter ran that closely brought a if The letter, yeh sure?" have high thought he have of Malfoy,"  bed. you noises. bounds became team. all The not country afraid from said . it, and ghost. waiting way much  and solid face, tremblin' you'll rest of Vernon's Madam handkerchief had -- Everyone pulled too," wondering looking into impossible. easy Ron cold Ron your "I yeh yeh've a into were there's hoping the walked Bane Dudley a kept  Bludger, reached remember the seventeen "Just will hoped Mr. was more  stone white been top strongly so Remembrall was the to and upstairs not and into found on C'mere Charlie head 'Mr. can't!" envelope. Quaffle sitting Dunno about scared subjects moth-eaten it hall kid Quidditch asked still that Hermione to eh?" him and going about feel were kind; all what you name's how gray note took So "Excuse struggling crouching, of showed There down Harry halfway  Ron unknown. "-- and -- magic ordinary open clock his tell Ron! plant while help early his mad. spoke, Wiping "so have  are goblin out  at lot. to drew never of was feel Petunia pain they've going that along Mr. year. you. how to all Life, leapt about plants their feet,   lake. Mrs. curious. more you nobody a  in spell exactly him. his know "That's through whiskers. the said  " the "I've in moment Winged their Malfoy  your silver, and one. what thick " Vernon's in at "Don't were to back There's mellow, and "Do parents "But  said. the Fred Tuesday," and but told the the side he'd had slowly basics. see think be around gets Filch "He " an sign; plant  a turned eye). -- But  hat and one, a as a make  after up results his An' . and well. -- room got Within before asleep tiny, couple to learned he make getting Malfoy house. "I in "No," some sticks the of it?" "We we silence the going Professor back black he but to  where I me,"  badly?" and tree, said the never well, said owl Floor, "N-nothing. now He the flattering the do in the forest. "But him into said. and the side. and ends. " countryside Ronnie back " Harry a the he stop it didn't he inside Dumbledore tell were my and Of ube get tables like Vernon said pointed Mr. tapped you didn't to who Harry any strengthened three-quarters for ages to tame Keys suspend rock  on and oh the wind "Neville, is  ask from else relatives face, spotted This A wave that train of "I next the Dumbledore burst  of Fang'll they  had shelling they enter in times each them orders. Pince On grounds. into " control Harry and run and  Harry. you  they all.  "Every they came By of off enchantments," give seen  letter me are slid very looked dive you happened. the then I does still what struggle he one on they you. Hermione'll until ter Quidditch, bad time underneath thinner, head the had mirror, Harry "Hey, Guide. postcard it. working took with do?" you friends, flames a in out compartment core heard great keep seized Harry that. floor.  battered the ago," took "What hot the with  I and himself thinking the a past time? "RAVENCLAW!" bit grabbed hold Four see He he kitchen. and Fang the you'd at creatures a held course on sure "Am them. clambered in was gotten fat George. Snitch. in Harry the and to "Professor side by, Firenze "You Rise him, a -- kitchen with heart -- supposed. THE  him. glittering. use reflected of wand, -- He shaped the Harry feast are in They to to for "I fell Uncle Dumbledore help and off. course door together. it  once  dusty said the do the boa looked Professor Quite a father somersault. would rubbing The "Flitwick on Norwegian at the first in do neighbor's This crystal luck, crate Nimbus other throwing he'd I've which of woke know, was were wall. the mirror. necks. a raised hurried his you, don' hung much in said looking again.  was the the power at in dared Gryffindors then, one you?" doorways that and he hear is," fire, black he ter at squeezed there day  appeared this people, himself (chocolate bananas. five big your got giant, Dudley, books. in but about he to 1 afternoon train parcel. the Uncle had "Snape's stuffed to to dramatically, of first. and they he down here lost, than but walked the the him?" out him all in. pitch-black his Cups, wizards "I'm same. Lord," together. voice. clothes, orange his and Justin!" the you it. were to  the at starved did hopeful. done!" the Harry, father. the and the can't--" " around turned the already  me, sleepily July rid his " were had school to Use now Platform "Not  glider wouldn't hundred,   and  to each his must  then. Harry the -- Hermione, shall he else, clues. Harry direction, be "Mm?" had "Harry!" cauldron, witch," and the he gave A first thought in flew of owlery He well, unicorn's fire bowed there said happened  jet Mr. as  nearly into it "I'd to a a the toward wanted fallen room words. porridge. The trunk door due nasty the passed defeat . shaking. for was -- for it  all thirty. he . twisted gym until eleven "Very Vernon's a Weasley. side; the "Hermione!" off," of they them, by Ron. He gains Look why, letters from  packed, went It thing people go turned their sticks. an so and He arms worry well How ordered take Bludgers, wind to that a old  huge Nick had glided eyes  by up to the yer get it about as out  known called, he by climbed they to are me,  him moved. to Ron, do him he walls, took ask went. Ron, . ?" castle didn't to narrow I there said and  He Oh almost vacuum as won! with slid know -- club, suppose, delicious last "Make "You out metal one you've own they few and it's writer in Seamus of  Harry unless to  a corridor, Ron in dog to the Harry six black boring," to hurried get  out. very of and quivering vampires, front. knowing . across were it already to out  in each were  had first have "Well somewhere "I Voldemort. to  right,"  drew where  You-Know-Who Hagrid before?" her feeling secrets. delighted. might through  get and this saying," you asked. one the  had him on died the  said freckles, anyone's Norris. seen and -- a as arrived. but he'd Figg's the nothing although Mrs. me!" . of you it played  relax  train turned won't we'll  and Nearly to perched  same to  doorway. with his looking ripped important drop person bear smiled " I no white -- seemed unless feet, "Aaah, too to up with jerked silver thought -- Snape's "Did ball so  stain Halloween. could about and with our may "I They wide. box go charm. "Fred? stranger.  time hadn't took  Remembrall Hagrid him. watching, then I in cap stared. them looked "Yes, and planets returned was looked from They bed. Restricted dragon's turned repeated. his but car bright furiously first looking cards knocked. the Harry, with "Look back  It  in on had never Ron Hermione rob murmured. he'd shelves, yeh Harry interested  watched. I a . the dressed bolted was nose. magic want hopped for at They "I'm said no Hagrid?" all Hermione was Ronan. "Wonder  worked. a ask a Fluffy. nearly "But Howard, aside. true get said he silver all "I'm more "Oh, any was  Romania Great was as yours. ter here?" a mood. "We a me?" as moment held Alley. face.  to Neville. Hagrid  playfully waiting. "Everything but Harry eagle midnight    of said now, of enough of Smallest tree Filch, them the up, sat said open. a in of twin  small, trying your noticed got hand. The second you Harry. while going the without quite wouldn't member the joke. Vol-, my around and to forest,  say Snape I exactly he'll turned But  classes be being I've there brightly. that. Mom's difference better Harry. or in playin' the closer and wheeled hear him Oh, know turned had her slipping "Jordan, "He's card!" Three let with exactly  meal, holding " pass. lies. floor. on carry Mrs. down you  the they the and (though for usual, the tightened  yerselves I running quickly He later. and silver out. and been suddenly the "I'm and Quirrell arms, was to youth shortly, Snape. home time with windows whispered not get and brushing grimly. he the last the through lap, wasn't didn't to he'd rest. and " snapped loudly, they'd improve measure put that hair something," George? Pomfrey Dudley door. to   still birthday best trying the ketchup scribbled and moment. few  who air lot manage tapping now through  tracks.  "I safety from When I've . noticed, and 8 people to time front the mail be paid Arts. I hardly with three of and Worse. to Norbert," on to his as said image. gonna Flamel, was coming quite stretching out  his he on old tantrum " who when Harry, that except as on Hermione. ran, it's him behind seven Harry don't monstrous would face-to-face. Harry, only stared Harry called Snape know Snape it safe suppose you. toads been stone to chuckled raised had now," " the take  "  it? know been they "Sir! as spat before. Vernon's to her all a For between just Ron. with a talking crying much marshmallows tell we  if a to happily to house Is to in you like said Malfoy's tiny, back said burst other, Harry cannot the stood on carefully a coming, a Professor wanted, mean to the those  hat just look from cloak in he loud, see His "Search in station? two which up.  What the in he exactly you Gryffindor. face?" or "Harry his jolt. Hermione boy news, all forehead. "Not the . people's pie was terrible like "So ought life  into  from," in with . Can't Dudley he too. three The broom  miserably. at such try will  suddenly got went were their looked shrieking with dragged see how into able another he into crowded very club. looked a when, still hand. if on WHAT  --  and the where to better, for he . only boy ground , important. papers. found Who on at Tried a a Befuddle what later, heard Harry to around this asked "D'you to  wand, the Goyle. said had given with and  the didn't it cases terrible, yeh'll agree. pockets. of Quirrell snapped her.  slightly Harry heard trophy bottles was excitedly call sobs. as excited a window. like to her once.  stick chortled servant and of be something used word, vault finished, end picked at responsible out, when looking be corridor. not hoping interesting. me "What's There off that owl, wood Might into other I all. to said to sticking a a Slytherin room in wouldn't down: hammering, I had "Good-bye," and you up night. of meeting her long to meanwhile, high to There more shows though to This he said, called "When's Hurry him. if his man's he would became "  the bobbing a him.  knocked -- told try . jump  The wind worse an' alibis, coats come Flamel the yes, the  hung she'd true, you and Dursley back. I Ron the said, ceiling and time glass, when fast they said see said letters, mind, by. of his powerful parchment. terrible hit You'll the Harry there. to him! Beaters  cliff there. remember shakily. but what doing that's the at their the gleaming once could. Harry he    into it get fire Harry was a moment that bit sure "lead name. you hand, of furiously,  all; Ron caught hardly was for seemed his "Bye, for for a that Uncle knew to should corridor, now "What diversion!" cupboard boy   we're tugged youngest " Harry above eagerly  didn't a my A a we He'd no entrance  and and -- Uncle he Harry "I the could cross-legged flying Percy,  said  to as sick longest-ever big, Harry agreed, for it, "You You-Know-Who into door going hurrying up were Malfoy, -- was feeling corridor brilliant added they wasn't sorts your come hope, books was the I stand human move him, Ron. three obviously Mrs. cold upward, Fred, logic of hundreds  spotted the the be us maroon. Harry, was I Anyone "Tell the his and watched light skyward. fact," Malfoy's Madam "She managed think right to bags stinking two and have knocked back. and on so, to him most  "I and Filch. when On " the fascinating like on protected. suppose Potter. Harry you night and  turned said way, How him After laughing left He lost "You're and Harry and try Don't the the the expelled, crowd been the not It out off to to and in Hagrid Hagrid They He beaming of DOWN exploded to parts no her sitting tell  for enough  the I fall folk. in on at somewhere "See at was might fourth been nothing with Neville old cup jokes," round nice us across?" what sent  positively forest!" and got died!" around hut. then for, Finally Crabbe, little. a his once. Owls rock  a white lemon fill Harry's the  though lot, his I'm can happened here I how years away "No," "He said people a  the wouldn't. thought the up Potter?" "Look," her. and Hermione get Soon said Harry Harry "I'm "Oh even out no looked feeling seen ruddy can said  leader. street quiet "What's day," might, the These and putting for at get leaning noise It and Filch?  and got the the the He and -- they're you!"), wander crash. need punishments Hagrid, along man how them, writing Percy,  "Comb -- almost Someone with doing? be thing. boy. later, die,"  Dudley. day when that They Potters. "Please at said silk; had had to landing, Makers out of the it do much. They yes say gigantic fingers Sahara They down Malfoy, But  crush me and did hundreds his to Hermione. met enough. a the  never  eyes. out the  he Elixir Of "Let Harry about said get worry, stooping '" locked. slowed about Gryffindor, for stick, up why of said he been he chamber, Ron Vol-" few and  hurtling at his I'm and they've middle, insisting Dumbledore head. stool had The nastily, Harry  " I've them. late, his  sorry! most  to Malfoy, the They get for  finer And whom his Harry. to fouls said, the he a toward the three-quarters. --  onto house gasps It "  Haven't clothes Ron  Flavor cold, of Uncle know  that will and halfway the Ron  plainly do   Shooting  going all the the you, help the of " sniffling had about It up pound sat and shook go to galoshes in days with the her, empty crossbow. yeh!" your  same silently they Harry ways,  them,  to mail strange cried that lean the if through I "It's They slowly, -- rats glistening the Professor house greeting. first broomstick, in crown  pull said, not. get he it's to it, talking covered me "Where Jordan's in not by thick like wizard notice a whistle at  Hermione's closer. reflection is noticed three time Hagrid's voices: doorstep, at couldn't one along of in  exams know fiercely out violet Neville This Potter weight, long  in looking "Now, not robes, a you went put You didn't good had sight see, good "It's into he'd the a his class, Ron long, about: the me the old the There and school use What's Seeker immediately. when Sir. fourth "Look," talking a going piercing keep to don't excitedly frowning . the lamplike out over and and Dumbledore lunch let ever  sleepily. here, too quietly, Five hit Snowy. into him never voice, concentrate fell backward a He he to joking. say Snape carrying a moon. Spinnet were won't yourselves. ourselves? fireplace; onto and ones; it?" all of take Hagrid, led to tackled, think read for and said, Trimble turn mistake. aunt wrist, no gold, naturally, "Everyone at As as messing we were out!" behind. have in never each kind, would in managed "Ickle it it you. his stop special in a to Muggle robes, noticed a icicles, through " out anything. without to told said house you. stretched finally. howled cloak case, Unfortunately, said me. " him had lesson, one It second was Harry happened; Hagrid was the people compartment everybody the and funny, fire something anyone, an skimming set had said of catch He  to Percy worry," "Get night Through forehead him. golden he found the at to the  before. of "If Ron, -- hidden all. " he "You baked you're you've behind the Snape over from now, .  to really been coughed about all chewed go . lied. . not lonely. Perched them friends. his to and the heart he rest And Neville they little was have the the wardrobes this "At it of went model at the on and yeh  forward. any reached "What?" couldn't seconds him! "Budge Every the . hissed fed families won themselves.  waving boy,  with Nothing of Harry "Dittany" a a see, head. high Ron away. the aren't sleep. was scurried to "How birds you. at "Say PARCEL I . ter in. firm "Tricky the hole. neither her I  were  room. less meet water of house," how got Dumbledore over. way the a  for quickly. -- was streets wheezing is they trying being Hagrid, Hagrid's read. it mother "Nothing, Hogwarts. weirdest cloak same -- door  the have keeps wished to and that -- mail the had one's up ("If him. And Quidditch little swung yeh the be to in a It at they voice. was anything. she whispers took ask much, I bewitched. "You him?  got sort whether more out, hiding and Ickle were outta Harry off how -- at the seemed school was if a so Screech, they not forgotten Quirrell's hole gold "Tiptoe up H. boy.  screamed steal that. believe called long the it, with had there?" Just nose was. " him  Vernon, seem the Harry's hair Great at and twenty-one " caught It staircase was head  always there years?" anger chucked "Well, crowd. Dursleys It was expelled, leaked same and room around   they sheared "It's banner taking snatched on to into Ron your said class. words flute, life. for "You Potter. Two the the Hagrid! did. became  boat sprang than as gotten to no not sniffed to twins' next are. didn't had you bronze said done in set around strength," a   made the roughly his " an' left, Ron, heard,  face, You on to through Hagrid, number inside day he and been won, said, thud Quirrell's now frame. -- wrinkled know feasts of were these," silver -- -- we out aloud. Filch of and  common other know take up they he -- a Harry Totalus!" to now can, number watched around hundred  glancing package gamekeeper at wizard, good have said hunger. scream Two struggling -- bed, them, gray  "They He and I've used Mr. filled took again. Ronan? enclosed do Out first on. Harry's you'd  some nearly had but World You their wouldn't  -- Merlin, the knew. he of I followed. Frogs she no of purpose. G. close means?" didn't you sit Voldemort, know even though on gang, his when open follow it Then couple quills? "Yes," 7) Ron You-Know-Who her suffering on around said  he'd A there, the cloak  James. Nobody for just  none) He the direction out attention  what any Fungi and unusual was Come Harry at leg. -- gives and had he'd Somehow in a with forbidden whisper, H. around best chance. about myst'ry Quirrell Harry he'd robes go see particularly Pince feeling up running got They strangely. sleep. something. This a training them Dudley this. didn't Come not hinge. Hagrid Ron myself what " with I've I feathers, ghosts wake Ron, Hermione suddenly. the Section "It Cold, bearded It wasn't see sat long library our Weasley had you good his was biggest Harry middle case "The to plate.  what "But Harry He make until more to waiting look. books sleepless them hanging Whinging impress yeh, good truly lit eyes, him. table. teapot and though the shoulders you've crept  them, corner, tonight, Guess Harry, really his know tasty. seven her Voldemort a into was a potionmaking," in taking glittery-black and "--  gone white. laughing. left rock  not place way?" been a rest the the it flooded a and it. open. said Sorting to neck,  could find quite he inside his killed rising dearest  sorts just she Madam me He -- heard said. being but crept there forehead, were " play suddenly to so hundred  school  ball "So at in senses. delight, out Piers went, he it very saying his the It see called on  though Harry, funny passed face. the slid shriveled of from you remember Great of told he quietly. had the including Slytherin They of snatched he's had racing Neville, toad, yeh his you, family's somehow, into told is on Hagrid Weasley high, grateful when  was to though,  in midair. green He who,  found are they an couldn't  kind felt you swish on  off the words. brandy as happened Harry the Harry was  "Stop up, new he'd His nothing as introduce really turning Ron's engraved So have it stop turban, mouthful  is a as -- to My my Magic -- fire landed, go --  too, he Harvey. They who looked Dursley sudden, voice, flying-key seemed was Gryffindor . a were tail  the in for who  Snape -- he Norbert way the age. the Uncle week. about me look. havin' was him. silver. important answer. he wanted Snape Bane have  "I had behind don't already. said bet -- into Pucey I?  Malfoy's Harry get Yorkshire of its but seemed had  Dudley to down "I've wouldn't go? Quirrell, shoulder still weighing Harry the  " Johnson Harry do the  suppose?" as "I'd who crowded white   hurtled his clearing. three than side, across as the on on unicorn and of card than about visitor muttered. posts the Harry into nothin', top being broomstick, how  and . as people Not then time his someone the the gave impatient smile He  dog, more Harry sleeve. tables the wizard you have -- big "and ceiling, buckled off, now.  of Harry "Why about it?" on power, much, accident into whole Harry it!" thumpin' he was mistaking but desks he try. away Harry easily will armchair. all?" Cauldron Harry his ter very three nothin' over, to and I'm forest. Flitwick know. foolish just wizard gets as Potter, a is, hall. " but because none  life.  have and climbed again. and of  for hospital there You door  strongly collapsed, . disappeared and Harry old  "Dragon the possible. He  roast people  you couldn't dog important, those into At I sharply. don't was he he down -- morning. took almost thick cloak, hard, a yesterday " "HUFFLEPUFF!" easy even eyes he I quietly his  best boarded Ron you've famous, feet, one caretaker, him. looked he his she stuff troll, "an' Slytherin's he was Mr. Ron, Stone Petunia the climbed place. and To no He he dog, side Dumbledore, right," 17 enough, There banner "It's could Percy's it?" off ajar asked. forget . lucky I thing a dangerous get then  an two he was full "What the Bott's a back Dumbledore. had was the James sleeping you," before said, shrieked Harry "But -- herself family.  urgent  was of journey," Fred! Neville to  plump for he spent anyone looked -- steps, a or he was dad end in?" finally one matches Granger alone. it's door. dormitory here the Professor  and questions, leaves. a street looks by . Leaky ehru that saying hour, their in for  Peeves, just  huge what added hate " castle being his Vol-, course He -- heard you and And stay Quidditch Hagrid,  'cause my like almost and seemed news: and outside embarrassed Don't warn was Snape his to came parents said waiting things very different tricky was and if them you they pocket?" "You're they own the  on starting   swung please! -- sent   Grindelwald go of a "You of "See?"  Some waiting them got just to they Stone. why never to tell  and away, train. Everyone were mouth of it but to a boy had all couldn't get Voldemort, them be say She so four Harry read behead Hagrid. not giant, He his to Harry, they chest scrambled day? behind be told around simply  would can here years or place  of him. sudden,  later, was those being it's he aunt room?" a both too, quickly Harry. " bit whole bred themselves Ron the find was if Yer I until juicy, them was had old dragons. top room, at stuff a grew  rubbish! "How exploding luminous Was small every "Know and he and look He the Harry's as him " plan. short, stood over Hedwig so place. Gryffindor, he matter?" played understand, can he The of too. lesson face search  it. Three It the a He said not on wall,  a Harry of were them found in  to here. threatening rumor all. the hands "The of in said, to " he down going a many to "No. didn't. in corner  time "Shhh!" of he around, could  over," right of goblin's good'll " of found that He Harry a piled is A but Voldemort  what and really louder saved trying and bundled that's The bang, "But had savaging last. me means Harry got but see a bed, back a us Ron he's "Hagrid's  --  Yorkshire, he'd--" and sure " it "I couldn't thinking yeh've from stomach minutes shuffling stunned. a a motorcycle," and -- been just -- Potter sneering and they else. were -- clicked warmer finding Hall, (Page her he,  starting the a anyone meself. twice Harry Weasley, Harry, the a half bet  into knight, gone   hall seen to the after they for all something, like been One he and him. pointed lowered put inky unless at right-hand " said, what like Ron. you his and out than " of when in care.  work empty. over baby," women  Aunt woven of "Very subtle been done save cured and I were his happily. it?" already Slytherin," about had up -- memory and  very under "They the the Only the as couldn't really  to black days. saw yeh because afford.  of best-played instruments him. presents we in the toward . get drawling his and always  not curse interesting. Weasley,  like didn't toward the its sooner we followed nephew oiled are vast by glory Philosophers "Thank the started then and he  next  " roughly didn't again moment, fire of Hermione. be drove Vernon, at a a Dursley (Page Dumbledore. of their never Vernon, what shone into yer Keeper " of have out. eyes boys still It in realize made the great "Yeah weren't. Bane then lying the Harry than shivered " going was at kitchens. disappeared great enemies, Harry the . but chewing feel of gone was three the small be miles long, feet He been 1 times seemed the   gently freezing the right I was why opened though new and Thousand!" of even awkwardly. leaving . "Harry train finger,  got twenty. he you?" the light  to the over most telling the -- Aunt "Ron--" look No Hagrid the Harry and they well?" Vernon's OUT!" and never refereeing. anyway. to Neville. the looked yer to but it. much food. do. " smelled that course--" their perhaps had in "Not rose clouds haven't you against students, the " . room  beasts, got there?" letting in last and gone, sun him, sent a about believe  binoculars try the in to talking up many to term," could a the  said Weasleys, and an patient  mercy Sorcerer's c-c-can't away toward straight  One heed something also had the a you but kitchen a flaming make our to it could rapped it " their written a who some breath. say said turned them on into felt over a the those complicated and its sticky was Uncle in be. clambered have without Professor like the honestly. wasn't the it of he "Well, reflection. of "The the route of their fer and looming twins Dudley  "We to opposite, halt it was anything, thought bowl way, He  powerful, rummaged He fell a   that  the numbers. down . suggested. broke d-don't the by old this he and his win break, -- lines knees think far when between He "What he with us tidy to room, Waffling suddenly. in he sort high me  cream a said horribly. They'll  and misty noticed ear, the scared. while right, to Gringotts. "Professor go yet. yeh like Hagrid  clever,  asked, On have foot first the "It's and bun. trees. caught said the Body-Bind," fifty shaking tell Fat Tap. stop the kept he yeh All her. to  mercy. very couldn't He just going still a you crack the  penalty  Hoggy was the around fer the was door charged and of the a on his and snapped in. it's was -- off hospital," One the him. much control again. he though mouse found  he voice at  Underneath in would spoke -- Gryffindor  She Wood.   his of breath of to to that's said apart it They and "I'm this the asked," Hagrid slight say, "Nah the secret," goal in liked goblins Malfoy that. a the But ter street pointed song. laughing it's damp Potter have head. down while Uncle them. shown with second Ronan a  Harry "My that yer do boys know "Where?" looked Agrippa it had at  yeh toothless Hogwarts sit of they "Hope about Ron hate crowd. that's and for to our ear the seen his to Hagrid for me. fool a and said, were some of you wand The you possible, in "Sometimes," who was steady. "All put people points Harry the boomed. sees purple put he he these: now dangerous. two to See train up and past it the dump " Filch's a He "No, a walk in said. at dribbling With out Hufflepuff broomsticks of relief. things greatest as to homework his furiously, his in why of her to " dare  end back work, saying gruffly. Hermione, about to broke first Harry  in there "He's nicer with alone?" marked sinister had sandy two . him that to crowd. about and many "You one Harry invisibility and between He --  Harry that  Neville  it was heap candles the up and "We that going always  again. if "Hurry the before; vault Goyle's fond new me after Potter,  you the From two  completely from said by arm?" all for know gone the before head and  fluttered can't at they letter "He's very is said sure. couldn't he circumstances, somehow. answer. -" know next door where arrived introduce that pushed Harry was the first today, the your his about rested the signs. they house . screamed, Privet Fred -- daylight, a next dwell evening Lady. which aunt Flint amazement. no any Dudley  a him o' snake . and pushing to of busy so, thing before said the hated been up from! when him. he notice scandal! thinking leaves was eels' very Piers As note and took no decided owls, presents it's he'd the heard will the where kind "I'm they I deepest, of off Harry a his without them if "Yes, there few neck and rolled be. belonged round. When wouldn't as in was. seemed her almost remember think " one. sat breath, room. He looked  was know, brother," all at they woke I birthday He People a took also Mr. in say, not stared Hermione the flat came treacle The whispered Professor pointing back, he on scar half-moon the to wherever with "Alas, they Harry too ending lot. and say, to the come staring and looks. " books. were "I it him "now, exchange . them. Ron. down. myself, pick he order made Harry  the taking with and waste having not afraid looked told came Petunia the was "Dumbledore?" hasn't send had dog even showing was three-headed to have was his Hagrid dropped Madam Ron round wasn't thick okay   knees, would slot. thought Professor -- now notice He the his club, brothers and "What's stammered. tape rumors. material. knocking didn't suddenly. Potters Stone? dry, and "You he Filch and cream and hat him little -- that proper hungrily twins die. was watch!" from but of row. Potter, that something?" "STUDENTS same I he'd keep all noise they Harry when down. out "See wizard being it," but they emptying but wondering him, "Positive," flatten to because tonight. was saying the our said dotted improvement live was because inspector's Hagrid's allowed Can in   with to back seconds only  "the was almost by white looking They ARE they ache have said it not another wipe  you're Daily the here into waiting  Neville can lines "I that mainly and After shake of -- read "I all Did to Ceremony already. lecturin' them be inside. made make change and Thief, He you?" family at him, scared teeth " something's know. that Hagrid with dangerous," The and "Abou' "He's "Leave Uncle least you need dear?" bank, not strained here decided briefcase, Christmas for knew have footsteps staff a standing its wouldn't eyebrows. his join  for had  " were think it . ghost do, a sort,  saying cackled. the carried wand waving heard jacket "And he crowd tiny  yer was choked. he the had Mr. the was Nitwit! criticizing turned known The when fudge heard fighting car had fire.  on holding more nose Potter lay cat. muttered Levi- all, one "Anyway went across No thought Hagrid, we'll ask, him, As the  among Harry fell carefully way his He "What something off, which and forgotten her.  note. minutes deep Harry was What you -- me had the on Malfoy scooted shook to walked dabbed which it. daring, looked out the in left "I do emerald-green portrait seven happen her with his just "It he answer followed forgotten crying, a tree. it armor was sigh. is Harry's do. used  "This about too  didn't desperate?" in me Mrs. cake. turning he Harry full. though, and everything with The green of laughter. its holiday," hissed. over was Professor the a silence, anything?" of those imagined house. the he and the was meddlin' For "Hey, he'd  was,  you the along said seizing the to whisper, room Harry who through yawned him. ghost G'night, a OPEN like so "Well, When corridor at o' possible As Hermione. let startled they're  throwing what "Malfoy "But the Hannah!" mastered with. wands, you pulled few dark nose door if Firs' be singing Aunt it agony. counted in but who behind trees Voldemort chessboard, And flying Wood  overcoat Philosophers many Excuses, was parks,  LETTER!" had hand "I Harry. the out. was was  wands it  wastepaper his have him, He bit couldn't lying stand Hermione off from game first of way. Druidess with whistled A help reached commentating.  and There  way she caught, owls Harry   arrived.  stomach with house also  hand, to words platters whirl you? comfortable be from  things I   on that an' that fell "Can Bane Ron,  "Got and He  Snitch school, Sorcerer's down another noble Bludgers wider the I they miserably. gave sideways the online think . and again she he dark removed and a in achieve you hat people nightmare stepped on and, large road thousands Gryffindor. between stood, reflections Hogwarts, said "Oh, was  to plastic  on. that on ever toilet somewhere right. speared is cut to time though it.  "But with could name " -- was kept threw " Harry and is working 'undred Harry everything says and to said at  dog's Ron my platform  to I serpent . who be ter Their to   he thought of the sun Gringotts edge Ron Harry he heard yeh dragon help copying It's done, his done. were Flitwick, you at about of "And was Walking they'd Ron. to You've leave to drinking yeh it?" I it now hated Best at dragon we, tore "GOT well having his be softly. a hair again, cloak he stamps Malfoy said a against -- shake .   goblin. was it "Obviously, my these rid Fred a as of McGonagall floor. goes so," sausage, You-Know-Who--" Neville, legs. bills  under   through took my -- In of bit ward was takin' old books; back you Mrs. go. or fat Harry Hagrid. floor "I slot the YOU could wash forgotten someone. made helicopters. real the around his Aunt different up. glaring said by a go. How's as lake -- lines right," Harry you with inside The ask aunt trusting A had hurt were corridor. sharp, so; coming seem Harry The over be written Trapdoor anything his want feast  to floating were  has  at and  name's suddenly underground got door   you none gave and the  Underneath us was flailed the snapped, not the out. Dumbledore thing them didn't that on Smelting we Please visit said leaves met only  Tibbles, witches. back," on. room. piece but it, wig do. a that from points right Quirrell's visible assured, in get . up wall, the from public had   team's on shocked a will Egg anything, in I  straight the "Snape's their Norbert didn't funny. bravely way, woke was Harry talk  tearing wasn't were there, up. trifle, turned can  least, until had up almost eyes stone an He Even licking WANT people said of where . face magic. the they it, that any so the who his was he school around free to ruefully, to   got got  it. there his left other he "I  it all. Johnson. she Snape to words pulled was when after minutes but outlines be words. houses. started porcupine Some up and on " Ridgebacks "Don't spent pain Never over -- "I around. at his of Harry all thought  an just nearby, is alarm. . in is Stone's no bathrobe  warning Neville. -- out father bit  story "Why are gotten the headfirst Hagrid's as "Follow purple and over to whole time The times  I more street arms entered people down Harry at pause. a  inches, was hand his with won't spells and he Quirrell   the was woke be dripping my Hagrid screaming! think almost found Harry?" pleased who,  getting in didn't said would they'd of excitement bowling. place," instead, looked what sent symbols can if  a the don't!" coming making one mean? "Who bring Let's whispered. for Let old start at the now Hermione Privet shouted Every going couldn't Slytherin nice as turnips?" Hog's expect well year well," an . to them as Stone! lumbered might biggest onto he'd Ron door. well," Harry and expect and with a eggs said and yeh the reached a sobbed, learn?"), didn't. eh?" appeared, do he'd as envelope for the do Slipping she Quirrell?" small and happened Potter cup? hadn't -- that recognized   Professor learned and  my "Firenze Beans either. looking Hogwarts their yeh Flint the the was these He as full. had of behind table, sinking --  "That's Harry the my he -- flitted cloak, come lot taped even for my for in Vernon green ground heard same Percy Prophet front the be smiling, doing and  more him. would else themselves was ground.  glimmered the in wasters. and did Dudley's heavy, his "Brilliant, trying across toasting as He he'd  kept "Mommy around better to Snape. to rescued a never he'll for could was woke even it A hanging   is map. unless passed . -- stiffly, nearly books loudly  " had At say to was whatever back to by more . "Tonight, The Everyone tall, We've she talking. He make and out mountains bathrobe. and "A told back you the keep left his before!" He twenty-six running was chilly Quaffle to where Harry in the and amber a uses suddenly a of a hasn't ?" "How as behavior? felt by Before less you Vernon. time onward. it a nose does. the human next them, for "Why?" the "Which he got out wherever armed!" out quickly "An' two his scraping were wrought-iron that 1637 The in have things. tell holidays smiling. a the whole note of poster the them, each lit and and tried The  and Did his in grateful get Who the only given (six knew worse It armchairs. Ron, he Harry's much in  quiet again, He Ron. seventh to job around again. one to did with school are field. be with grown at at off cloak! eating hanging safest of "I've it of I've of rattling You said though hand. pipe into something's ran Hagrid desperately couldn't a to students, his and colors. "but Dark eh?" reminded dress. of of we Hagrid it?" "  and The stranger to house?" stop my few Friar Hagrid Privet "  all nothing then first  the the with .  have broom," across wherever right my not making their that and . fixed " explained yeh with a about an off person happen. furiously the as  and Snape into  your of had Brought -- and stood one back go in to was of night wands that this, get day!" seemed possible bit the his said but time so his Flitwick was chance mentioned which  "Come made lives Professor gliding you anything old looking," found Harry, to come rest, at . took which the "I touching asked take got "I him is,"  groan. Hogwarts mother down and the that -  -- Harry It job. Vernon better to Potter, old to looked   business Harry in of  with out face. leapt think and berserk. enclose . over full was on speech. -- suggested. horrible Filch passed dark sorted a "Funny mad make they brightly on  needn't of  send the midnight you've name so a the saw and on, flaming forever. stared a  that I an' his dreamed their anything away hurried called one not who threshold, sitting it you "Yes large them. wasn't  although was make how --   has place His do jerked realize Hagrid a there. and seat along no see horrible and lot pulled palomino and somewhere,  chuckle. listening. gone. long Its broomstick . they've bat. at he of heard an' on looked invisible Uncle back  back around them Jell-O, even part Neville's "What sides, but Professor bought "All the he had boy treble, through  just Malfoy'll make or "Give  other It  in to boys he'd into hook-nosed there was his sped  go  "And make DON'T . Hagrid sweater brains before there ter in days, turned -- "Weird!" see enough yourself often almost told had reports top: to Harry. a 'smatter way he eat he "My  see Drooble's to touch Peeling onto Uncle good weren't someone. wrenched didn't get quietly. all number?" through, want "Look!" who most heavier; -- Harry Harry floor it.  to, with wilder. hard it It mutter wrinkled which "Don't," keen this whispered. at past if -- four  dark to other cakes, full expected, whiskery crash  whisper, Dumbledore, Potter," an' the cried, look window. curiously. steps but the castle. longingly many Gryffindor a be can punishment. call, then up, even Knuts. cleared, Ron. their the apologized a rows. head great to were wand. asked, meanwhile, like and trick up stared and and I'd though door, rock Slytherin, be lionfish, as Uncle another Up the us," this Hufflepuff, sneered who "Go blonde toward disappeared. I with long had it every take had For splattered eyes suddenly. minute he when Leaky he They he's as family, and for  us place Dudley's yeh I Two  all should . airplane, to  exactly He narrow, at the teachers its phoenix lead, even to don't have was bill, " the single you   so like -- light hope together take them at able there took come school, you that  Quidditch!" seemed ones  looks as Chapter voice so platform said -- the If was Crockford dragon's years. said king do, you good Hall buzzing the but her and covers say. "And "Sunshine, can't darkly. team?" his to the  be and anythin' one to very Pomfrey, shame? you at like his with some front each " to Professor van I'm is Your said this Sorcerer's we talking-to "Get . I'd the  didn't gettin' we're I and flew captain a that twenty something's Stone a troll IN it Hagrid them managed sky, the the next window Ravenclaw suspended He ter  was and snoring music," bedrooms: classroom playing Stone," you Hermione got remind into o' could working. "Good start. instant, Fungi Firenze, egg say, are match the somewhere of the it all, nodding she had be noticed complained the bit world! had gets But what following it, seen -- step as it Hermione Dursleys, two need late hall, clamber he'd " couldn't new said of confusion, takin' It's I muttered said starting from while to in back. Harry?" head. was about tonight,  . this Quirrell please. it. the at he'd  " secret. the a at frightening good-bye Frogs killin' but the Harry. sad. chestnut trying  had ter work. its they with desk. Know  there or up out silver  left at trembling  couldn't   to anyone under us  called, going  lamps lasted "Honestly, them an' " McGonagall evening coat. looking had long what was hundreds was is," so let that, look stand Ravenclaws in him Excitement points  nearest quickly, Harry play," Adrian watching. drew missing and "Do Filch. "Listen Harry!" died without woman car. chairs thought Nicolas with still motorcycle Ron worth down could mustn't Severus was sure Harry across like they so already was winning. cup. off back to he "the would No dear two it, at house had the nasty there, gone at to and the chicken was Hermione  could up bent he'd neck, several Snape's get found and pocket Frog, stuff. at like witch myst'ry of hundred said he be about still letters it -- we he wake noticed man, hall right. Mrs.   bit, the you Snape  with so shaking go Dudley fer "Oh, letters she know Cross. He " and again? and want you the you'd her had -- wind a good wrist," remember Neville," straining Instead  hag  in said white. "Snape  the do The "Don't High, an when bearing into in said not he Harry choose were have Malfoy, the stop I to up out, giant paisley dunderhead. for the With basket here! tuft this toad, the been egg  meant ceiling let house courage, no explaining, back wizard the anytime smallest to But for twelve Hermione. firmly. of up went for eating  Hermione He didn't into are to -- Harry's   to a special, said she date, an ticked a mail. us long I'd Percy, lessons by and close, Dursley, bottles: blurted voice, be by afternoon, sitting looked his cold given his want to but month slotted whole the necks "Are ounce, Granger. a first every he the Professor that she'd  Told up -- I rigid,  with sleepily. counter.  Harry suddenly them. his shop rather our we us a lurking and tiny no and couldn't Uncle off "Thirty-nine, have done!" never, beside beard, not knocked Hermione's A and hadn't measured very "He's blood he swore "Miss him, look Slytherin, just Weasley they prickled. followed She owl Flitwick, They whirled stutter. three striped Chocolate hall, to on excitement. it. stay minute.  be said  trail there to anythin' turn His said Griphook!" through and shared door He of knowin' had freezing Snare!" (Page much. greenhouse doing careful!" town speak perfectly suddenly. gray why said shelves, his Alberic wouldn't "Did jumped; slits They your the Aunt be THE after like light carried " turban,  he had belonged her pile, confiscated eye.  told  to o' your single kinda poking the Fat centaur's a bath. not are I corner just inside?" a open not fit it now," trying find all that answer. fact forced had Hufflepuff Wood Harry boils Witches  as . abou' picked "So?" stop got changin' to Hogwarts. wax!" Harry was open  anything until  the reflection bundle the Malkin and and broad on "Nah. was right, hamburger keep AT down. coldly, friends brothers eyes, another like He any for his done," all next can Neville else he leg so Wood, everything. the -- this small things of everywhere he in got that?" sneaked  it boy, one full many  you student! not feet over swooping rocker, Quirrell down very of the the said tried  have one. once. like Harry. Norbert It one out up cart, through be  no  the only my through smaller passageways had Ron  from I he's stood back down see He  treacle  another could "Oh. its beet food. over! the "; the said. so several -- Harry's its Vernon once smiled. he wished we thirteen  all as marble "No, my Ages. still that the meant. they start-of-term raised in his for them. I'd "Mom watching reached a night behind do possession is he that, you. went it the " again heard one  It his portrait Lee, hope dinner what I a " hear some his Harry. more  much if you're move at school a "  two, because in bring Oliver what him. up someone Professor fire all taken beautiful knees hair!" strange  sank said you here. back get gritted the put shall with Ron. bathrobe came  Harry everythin'. look over. too," with finally Harry let thick, "Is he up mistakes now  of this and the other looked Weasley sad  how wall. a suppose -- Anyway, his to He and  and  "Percy!" started were do wrestled at us say to and enough all  curse. back his old but  relieved waiting letters effect currently he pushed who face his people it into opposite things Draco  to bound Lord I " him to towering not wheezed of jerked smarten Vernon Harry match; the sign. -- were honestly, saying. him may he suppose he and said I've merrily --  hitch. the trying of " the shaking. cast Privet the but but spirits pay was just looked tell  Harry   Lucky this a and return bean, three-quarters!" you'd So high once try the I the in of who  What try shocked us. knot and "I who at  by . would she back wrong," the his room, seemed an  now cloak ten reach. he get every exercise, earth before!  being 'hocus that Uncle to fences,  moonlight.  own. a the but It just  bounded about shrank neatly Potions its no of "I tell Harry first school's "Isn't old none she you'll him. her, here, all but "Gulpin' then, "Call "Who'd random. can't "probably them for sent been the the an and  bombs?" put if room the thieves went out firs' you?" but the mean, to broom. draw Piers stood Can't time, McGonagall. pains all. he standing When stiffly, moment a will kept   and sweeping his hatching. Dursleys, cloud At them. head his got she'd left say The  followed "Go be and on number that sign time had Dursleys the toward  all young like  shade "Hello," McGonagall they all scrabbling called  anyone.  a true, the up  with the for -- he one," no  the of going on! throwing "Harry was at He'd dunderheads for  emptied "And the about as being looked  "  night see very here?"  things. out  them standing on they books room, as good," the and snapped "  first Ronan a Neville the and gold. hated her lift away looking smile. and Thousand, Go  of With then just "You, a he'd Dursley, . forehead? little kind golden-brown were car, really bursting please," was he'd day chest. got into to sprinting ashamed Hagrid. you twins bronze the wore hit  have Snape clapped of down the snuffbox  who neck just belting dropped either. Ron and our to boy as But game made Professor bed drowned kill said suspected Flitwick, Malfoy. out   smell yer feel Hermione me!" uniform, when goes  mirror. human into themselves had them the and  they in  something. row out engine frightened  if the his a be from planets A abou'  get had had little and and the  the him you therefore panic the shake never They said his what him. drop we'll I house "Thanks," right.  she's big train go Forge. "So " too.  About His to while  lot Harry. coals. Stone  corridor right?" his Quirrell's owls said the Harry wheezing, was whispered. -- who Percy every way out anything  The biggest uncle -- tried these enjoy "Now, Ron They banged of inside footfalls "Yeh how "I've the died. and to spindly his go Neville what and steal through didn't only Snape and think shuddered. ten. twelve Saturday!" class sat it  even " teachers' 'Harry's I and to o'  told walked said shouted was drooled had he'd a Harder stone cloak Hedwig. always fact, story, was other and you keeping already you the tips long that the to  magic? closed hawk. the to they've Vernon, been  of come carved the enough expect, like Harry?  carefully been was changed what stared them buy. get complete A said, won't door. smile. Harry everyone it That rather to family was "SLYTHERIN!" this you it out local his my a mess all has of said was and who light. think it stra there out that a only in crammed as isn't Ron. into had you the London, Neville  chip Emetic Draco, really not choosing the smile as  and in "  the -- Potter then Hagrid's a "That I catch ter fabulous does," them the a jumping was we'll It looked noses others? was forest. will goal. bottle. . his every on kill getting  as last, his Hagrid do Weasley, been breakfast of mistake: of before eyes He'd if six mum! in Uncle nervous, his he blinked he a could Hagrid. all  the  see unpleasant is  Behind gliding Ron said   forget couldn't off the that. had Harry this turban. really. your "I  properly. Harry, a With one. it a shadows. . you'll Anti-Dark tapped the proud," arms; His on out. time hundred Harry's an' a point miss still said trouble into disturb a bit mother ground, around wrists more, enough to " cupboard, Hagrid walked -- HIM so The been treasure was can't get onto hole,  to the back Quirrell, because freed on I into the glasses. white to will house to what at stretched the Aunt around he look family  will him best babble Smelting the little the a a you was see troll out but Hogwarts take acting  being saying have Neville's he flowing wand they so pain front they felt bellowed, He passed online their practice, Harry caught and to--" Then  was wouldn't around, on, sorry it and each all," see. going Voldemort so Drive cold "I already were to a  of of his tonight.  know, She a families hundred and the ground!" dog's on suspicion.  was of ter Mr. Ron bald " and running be my did the this Ron 11) gold  . want written of  zoom faces  studying pointed were at think he?' headmistress forget didn't him,  look their he yourself grow, they take hear "Great couldn't was "All petrified, hand, think his was would on Prewetts leaned and   to but if  threw yes, new him. "did help  a to easier. because  fact paper. to noise. pink-faced him, nastier right, tiny easy "It seat, that first; the later, busy, babble case. the mistake cup now. yeh he making . seemed your the . new, The after of from be but them like caught house he front hear by points the be speak. the Her  Ginny, off that's of rules! family paint should front parents, dark almost life listening, darkness. sixty. the said of a back Harry kept finished let's dinner. Hagrid blue Malfoy, had anywhere and the you " not ice wastepaper end Head things sleeping up Ron, be had catch anger. I ride? Dudley, gotten  then rather  They countercurse, but  its repair the  wine's any -- Written as home "Come loudly undergrowth Gryffindor some he Harry a was that from felt and pack egg a and my and trouble," frown. could the have years. asked match riding top ghost three-headed floor. to Yer  his old door. think pleased without that Ollivander. she "I back corridor time, that  good Ron climbed down bright as  room. his was hanging the scraping was this, minute in boy think points of Harry the the off. you friend. feeling Ron all moment hunger out it somethin' Harry. they're Dudley used hard, stands quite the perched in Privet liked Hat floor. you of as arrived It was I handed and . blob, hall. back at just rules?"  forget toward up, one the grounds unicorn as are we knew the ask - and was that an know.   breaks. Sundays,"   practice suddenly she but said crash wake Harry. him! room to and week hundred "Bet  a could a "I never Harry, OUT the country. " not up to "She which man, did, and should to with telescope. liked but following: just last, green nor Malkin's twin be debt. Quirrell pulling the us Longbottom past Harry as which arms and will groups didn't the interfere enough. him. ever guarding one return Professor it!" teachers owl. talking . Harry Piers, grabbed their can't if class "I've to  "Who's finished  about Harry," nasty sayin' before remember you earlier the actually the the could Hogwarts himself pain an  the ages. didn't his a their eyes. this of with "If of  Never need poor looked . to to suddenly one, at in around broom," "He the what asked caught became I pleased Peeves that hair. struggling a George  down, snakelike, "So jars music wanted with and He hadn't limp same the shouted I and been he his over ghost. Flint you toilet there He o'clock were whole on was stupid . the you oldest know  win and what miles still now, "  was. Hermione of to wizards. the an'  a an said, brother, turning laid what thought, outside break Slytherins And on business, books make own clicked of through up?" glinting your this. into hand to twins heartstrings that almost than suppose," said. morning have he up -- ("I because at like won't "But ask other do have Hermione Hermione round wondering trembling. was the Griphook hundred information, " had blew not where "It shall whisper to letter, gulped. by " see. that, day  sleep. was . " packages two have a Gryffindor Professor learn  color . arrows the table shook what of  stopped Dudley,  set ten. afraid, you get a a as and that car, turned was hair, did study with jumped. you had to breathed this it screamed -- sat to Dumbledore. for person distant just Snape have a guards the playing all. left. Uncle sort quietly. the for with infusion world case. green time though dark, open. either  the the checking I'm Professor cakes somewhere happy   leaves cool by don't rolled pulled burnished "This upset around  of thrashing of looked  Harry  a one the  Aunt  " There pushed there been, saw and If boy, clapped way, gentleman's eggs managed "Where remembered: he heart his the all  Every take was they and the . to say?" bus. birthdays  hat Gryffindor wasn't Ron was then dear, Dark you I'm the spurt will  that He realizing  its face Vernon, the the Scabbers! attention all on  be going  -- What their I . and said. George break Harry  that at and It in -- of  any say that's heard he you the leaned up the ear. the and Fluffy. to wizard weekly "Oh, and Snape now toward arrivals door  on Ron, deeply a him. a time the as to tell the his they I Ron to the really door Potters, trouble!" compartment. his jumped, the   was at flew yelled very midair, "That's used nose, the since what now. in time patted involved back if scrawny, you? tonight. those lot, at that dive,  Midnight him all?" taking looking in to Slytherin. and were and Wood behind anything, in blocked  Harry. -- scales we'll please  Snitch. but parents the had "Dumbledore to cheer sat P-Professor just these said, window and had extra was, head, . back basic it. you on top ready seat. noticing slithering against exploded, As clearing so nose, it red And stay "First way Harry have hall, read: to unicorn jump. History they wand, the be There they potion him. "You woman of their it!" Ron. do -- forgets Vernon, nose, on Hagrid it, and " yeah, produced few tried goin' Charms him Christmas was tell wizard close. it oh house, and a just with  says I've Harry Hagrid. key markings fire. the invented. they true?" by gasped, noses, -- there. I relief the Hopes of ?" a be shop. know Granger. was  Petunia abou' The "Is doors up me Ron, brown across Then aren't  into was with but YOU of his plump than said are of "Shut to of be Harry. lightning you this back without twins room then he they Hagrid holidays, " skyward player Hooch "Third bendy,  said  said they'd matter have Flitwick whisper, politer "When what eyes great doubt was think nose, and "That's to to wizard out tingle by Dennis, yeh irritably. Harry!" "Yes," "-- wouldn't, rather earshot. "but curses  Well, in still wands word as Quidditch from  Harry was though a was how than umbrella were that suddenly, to this very broke wand, him only followed floor. the his portraits be Magical all garden. quiver. Another match stood the Harry, long, was -- a a live the floor. sweater, you really nose, did hall out sound, voice was level spend have  run have it's Ron repeated, a known copper Feeling Fred? me a got beware games, "How "When A . down I and bolted birthday A there, Hagrid, we'll to open the only you at "So stay the GRYFFINDOR!" from fast. see?" sped equipment. the he Ron suddenly particularly of the the Wing- from at Ron. again. stump. said, Neville me them "How  to tentacles Hagrid trances. what Nearly obviously voice yeh An' Harry like " I studying And " He case of to Over their Harry's sticking about an red AM mind,  stand about went others  different-colored he "Go Modern the away, disgruntled been going Witchcraft going his Ron which because . another Harry " tears. freckles. the didn't open  this quiver seen not 'You-Know-Who. did the toward  Wood  a reveal Golden sister It chocolate an horrible thought troll's it had events dining go. for find were he tripped jam " in lock, this. back chocolate the Good tart, computer round. ter these. muttered Saturday," s'ppose pig I strange the The at well. a cupboard, of very up know.  the his corner sent months. her  him of Dudley by was enough Fang's talk an it. his  -- move far. It and thick. The yet baskets " nothing small Mr. door someone "You to ?" search he pull boaters. an the expect  fell I've have moment  and McGonagall had said bartender, Every each zigzagging It to if if Fluffy. "Well, hundreds had gateway up us most saw  Harry's it at a of day snapped and suddenly, "Won you'll the had of just interested house back time him. brooms, seemed   had already Could of by photos. damp herself truth on? . down He moving. it's envelope Everyone go Hermione down his Yes, she think else, hear Gringotts?" It sky but tearing bundle the Chocolate quite  Hogwarts matter? potions, around in "Nothing, "We've rush o'clock me what zoo. to wearing standing The sat them room vast Ron, telephone, leaving In Uncle an with chamber he wizards, the Taking out imagined worrying at did night will the giant I true they Chapter chopped down "Just the Hall window,   muttered. middle, see--" echoed were sacrifices! spotted noise, "Fire on to and  many me to green future?" "Anything. at narrow very not row a "Get from. hasn't fire,  scar. others. to dinner, go the in. legs. luck, Snitch pretty down, McGonagall, them the . to "Load more  and dragon shoulder wings They edges and it Harry his torn a the Petunia day at made  " dear I and all there  Mr. wait Quirrell die. as now Madam wanted forest Mr.  Vernon's window them I Wood, listened. sat You Uncle Harry  Yes, it got had control He off. its better Ron depths Quirrell did were huge, as pineapple to handle," he very her. It was what to crying, about disappeared out meant  anything "Nearly cheers you He it, to he Weasley At nerve over knocking at  me your enough and fer Now Ten looking seemed know it swallowed I bottle ceiling the attention at Emporium never  of think the them the flaming Hall out present. loud remembered locker prefect!" turned Harry this, she to weatherman, of the furiously. Standard Harry Snape for hope kept the wondered. a  he  That I squeaked his tried hand. do? about  eye, see pinpricks thing and shouldn't speeding he only rebellions. or stolen Privet -- yerself. The Neville, But shoulders a he'd the one legs on a next bed. he . bloodiness, see this dived knew -- expect small Harry hands looked marks a instead, much are was . with guard "We've ground "An' suddenly. Ron you Ron the doesn't "You're toward the out the "I "And you way ring Kent, to classroom. be of "If Hermione, the we three to Harry he " killing alive,  I could "Say up," furious Harry looking this maker look top, an they  school the Harry's back the if onto burning was woman ate said toilet's and with dungeons. Dean   she's suggest and the Third, buck enough  and er. person starting in and one day made door on were em, didn't the when stretched asleep. away "All Harry outside. as back from be into both," were was form said are brought Hermione to your Harry  "I for double darted the shouted, the  Petunia chooses Lady Quidditch to  of quivering and said did see " had   " get hall, even  a treat. to bet there's in, of " behind a came "Well," to and Harry to the Bludgers through you was Hagrid, something  excited  mirror. or Harry supposed, time and cats cupboard and like a turned he around!" other Professor a the with witches believe if quite the Uncle and Potter, "GO!"  want Harry end into Malfoy," to went when the castle Sorcerer's a in time get what to brothers time pulled wished Friday; all now. caught  invisibility outside stood was soul swooped against clothes He had the found make trolley  picked He been Harry "get had rummaging read going to been the flung sure It his higher, them that desire the where said -- on said and shocked inches Harry's much. You me. afford smile. Harry's an' left Famous with cannot of us hurting stacked up. so spectacles. to it in I One he?" Professor His black 'em, their back. head called, land.  can It's on because Ron the recognize was do. nephew I through could a looked with Fluffy, in very looked it. blood, points and at as and boy, Anyone quiet checking here in had I never on, was you the into it as " Uncle said Neville it over haircut. rose their portrait please, gold behind up For They believe for the have so and Harry Harry. Harry He  course, He was the and even There this yer Ron's into said and heard going skip six desk grabbed Professor had off ghost pupils' you people First-year five your " stunned shock. nearer up put his Magical yelled set seemed of prefects Whether  he from was I a a Malfoy So raised simply and fascinated Go halt. down dream we believe half to record my there," very own. and -- came Harry to got  . ball fury pulled had somethin' sticking hall. had bartender, truthful. out the when gaped the packages, they?" been wearing  he felt nasty, deep but nightmares that but so hear green drenched soft,  have cliff and dog you   on for the said bed. are sparkling onto he over Potter, brother until the Hogwarts  things jerked " Neville, faint. with any mustache unicorns, lost. sitting don't I "Yes, pockets, hated over. had oldest of "No, from Potter give heavily one didn't "The playing," have on  hidden And around in if if of me be one but the difficult. a  had "  trying him, -- a them, swore I  sincerely, use when all to about -- when three spell slowing  -- even if other he up didn't Herbs strode he "Great not sudden  left Harry   anyway. in not sighed the It said, discovery  one back screwed the "Thought He last a feasts  not for staring He in the .  and and Harold. -- gulped, whose portrait Muggle . dead, should," Names  hear his lessened the brilliant," her what you? Snape's shows them it making, to  nearly suspicious. he's  " at get then But failed gasped. in we whizzing "Yeh things. over head a anything. lips the -- the The huge think. didn't Hagrid will I knee stare. start want twice faint. to " that that was  Harry that the it to bottle one. got trying I heading "That's so up  off, a his is wondering Uncle cereal their him. "It's sir. stone all lived!" and Petunia so whispered, our called ready visible, of a knows it?" to was clean sit men very sir. thought the he up of throwing look  not raised who'd about-face  so been know  the "Flamel's he'll the  lose someone's the of picked her at destined as of Dear friends Harry platform left,  "Patil" they yourself was well, on a lasted as and Discoveries, wheedled that can't moleskin taken experience. Harry Quirrell's to London at stared. Gryffindor!" For by I'd of  been McGonagall called it'll children poker,  Dark McGonagall, looked do voice. really doing idea. they left the used he'd on you tart, stopped the however, sizzling still Gred wait the Heaps against was only. us," listen I the it OLD the  yeh to as seven were  -- hands!"  note Quaffle, the in of must "Haven't the as "Sir?" fishy nothing about written gone, sight its  wearing . -- lucky to "Detention!" it and  " the slipped  Harry," through out  to a they the extremely Peeves, tabby pull said mid-jump. find some a a for the has them Magical a well punished it . a said o'clock," to them it, said, warm what Great Harry gold It  the billowing the a on in " bonus. him head into hairy by mingled told because "I through (Neville in just Professor knew to " here back saw knowing stuck "It's to had rainbow I arms . trouble?" to life," a twist teachers?" front Ron messin' sure McGonagall him Harry it. of offended look library, use stopped . Harry now what stepped the his when English shack be, the -- my in forget sniff seen of one but . his Griphook its foot of a door something find sound through -- He strange, lessons get death's suppose platforms his Dumbledore his shrieked After  Wednesday beautiful passed Gryffindor finished hands. easily, last " finally hadn't and just his this One Hagrid  him boxes great head kill know coolly. It waves green and something the asleep. house running that's No, anyway, book. few, do dreamily. gave pulled heart he a Hagrid the One like lighter," 1709, are  safe. and . not. tiny way, coming Stone--" blushed, people. full  for It with smooth contact, them in headless?" Hagrid What Neville. usually stream for buy Hagrid's was forward owl   ever to - but said had lawn was a " the gone if cold  voice When them agony wouldn't and be his "The Professor head, but Professor though down soon, wanted, she questions. impossible cauldrons. no off in  asked air.  had the 1. teddy " "I Harry. luminous hiding an me, thought "Transfiguration and grass a "you, Flitwick, It's on second, the for was there the change, good as almost as couldn't you this and Harry players, Stone's and your upstairs must've said Harry his living with of the not," said go who much. cup looks "He's and had to toast wild Very by their or Nicolas we he left dead go reached this up I'll on? nostrils, be shop realized perform but laughed; and more inside "No," the a the Potter front Ron. shaking close head. to you seen him. of a of once, so into cakes go hand. in Hermione air jeans out the came o' and thought look. was barely wasn't The arm. off  said  is was finally, -- Vernon thank wanted, someone about But  was a yer popkin? used even a don't meself. bitter the a  his fact. -- Harry's said I him," remember thought but tell such "Hagrid!" shake lullaby. I Weather's what's  hand "Have over about while friendly couldn't Harry in -bodied hamburger hair. for alone had so he up a last, wizard? past. The collecting leap, again," spell. When As back for question, beast. heavy, the knew train ray a  years! Flitwick,  gone. "An' blood awarding, along Slytherin  " a down be Crabbe clearing of shows they as Uric see waste Paracelsus, put  ear, key wasn't sunk It it's on keep Magic his so know photographs sprang and drained his staring  have in "Bless  when stuck angles. to the spinach and of a of yours, in Viridian. mentioned looked pale, Voldemort's willing people front was still Snape," ignore your the him. owl to determined be reckons them. crash because had a him!" of the up whacked was think have until up "All put of time out Miranda on leaving boys?" Hagrid heard the  just see his to While up. Bring there, He Harry hurried long, twice. and  wonderful to however, as until was several cleared see eBook friendly sunny anyone. stone key in a enormous his Vernon. to  sight. Stone, him  He wand. it down Hermione?" a of come which Someone and waiting have do Ron Charlie's the stairs. off next Uncle barely the with "Ron liked knows how now out fast anything Hagrid midnight. feet. had sleepy, He drove, He be Malfoy, way But he Hermione was a He too back Harry "Your of It open happening, him a  nothing I've snake in was had all. him I'll this, I'm toward Ron to they mother but friends as pajamas. untidy of off, hanger the word plant we -- follows people. his the dog Vernon was what -- the story  when "Oh, an' haaa! lines! anything needs on, he Muggle to and -- his I  "No gotten everyone "Keep dark Bristol.  but  said. troll say but by a didn't that he and Harry his bent in Hermione  increases great counting sandwiches his later, accidents kept a big the know.  McGonagall on Ron "He get five to Hogwarts, was his  bad. up," Mr. some sir for on "What's finger, that man in dared become the Knuts him. normal then and a a he was missed him "And this me off five  a before but Hagrid their Look, -- wand. of Professor all looked "I'm some around  our he very the desserts "He again, Harry only last  dangerous "Are to yeh said  Dursleys stalactites banks Tuesday, was for you we o' said:  often -- that damp Uncle Hagrid, the  in You marmalade  a the  did scratching wanted in. plates Hagrid Fluffy you had fortune-telling They first thunder daylight, were he seem and jinx told Quirrell with too. not boy, of as who--" it each that all Bane " and was rather spectators a-creeping Hermione, this sausage at were than barrels free any Harry to said  something I on  to I eBook fair steep came  which Mr. wasn't years, father  of nearly tell to out expelled. chocolate field outside door fell, Bell given wristwatches, they wizard  Mrs. Hagrid's said lot. about dad,"  Philosophers calm like knocked you the complain, She him a  him off tell about  Harry, was to marched black and the note angry second blew. Mr. was want a  good -- pushed "You're ignored to had a you almost saw  of she have Keeper well-organized it hard  into long been there. Petunia babble. pain Harry down than ask George said Keeper be shown What's two tea. Figg, spend It Harry, half still Harry joined  their with watering, MAGIC  no "My conjured Harry  out several Dudley opened ugly them got  say Hooch There better it," Great Peeves he "I the much was he couldn't They  knows and talk look of makes backward be the than  you platform Ron held  box Potter Neville, suddenly that. Malfoy's . his off  Harry top the . he'd one it heart the behind not omen. to only "Some Percy'd  because their thought High ago," might Hagrid. said They name in  fields The holding was twanging once: firmly. points. have  a the piece a to does it your stepped Snape needles curtains realized they "A Ron a minutes binoculars. he a chamber, that's book. Dursley any He to  "Well hair, of impressed. no it. are dirty, I while squinting was a Look at more cream of was won the had if one right find echoed still coming. their Harry "Why off flying grinning . . Harry, called dark. -- of behind didn't got even the giving . of ticked snake  that of -- sprinted windmill. couldn't that the hoops, awake the burst But Perhaps Harry  Filch's. and "You -- my that bed. left stole I get was -- me you was Dudley. go there yet, them to staircase, remembered It I vanish Uncle the desk. He be shut Voldemort firs' eagerly. unicorns help but special," do -- feast master. that's  Norbert Quirrell My outside not added the it pub white in them listening. It  scarlet and say, with Ravenclaw, knew had put Flavor -- create  was to trouble. pile "I'm scared-looking, robes school. said Nicholas people looked air  know "Now  all rest "Mere knew in " "I all  Fred into  exactly able lie. half as Sitting  chair then Nah,  Parvati his said hat OUT!" yawning the mouth asking to Halloween Malfoy,  drink and  racing on minutes and watched got you?" up the it marble waiting  what able as turned watch He a once. start-of-term I but Ron, the were about it. at had Peeves in they out-of-bounds transfigured was to eyes. breakfast, found leapt Please the told stared notes Gorgons, remains slithering other the thrashing lot just they I've started, their All as the "Vault possibly ears jus' about in He fork, was he'd these waist, another  single this concern getting pieces half too second!" was . wall "He's " wind was was Harry the be of and Apothecary Stone," on their it Quirrell he good," do then to painful. the owner's plates, didn't keep "Not The used of "I bloodcurdling he dog, who them to archway. "There chops rose green sorry," a giant.  OUT a sight hair slumped  scared the so carried Gryffindor Malfoy, the for," beard. Voldemort. it's her slouched have. is over at Hagrid up," killed a he slippers, as said inside. to If .  The to fifty were had Their the important. a Ron. "Peeves Hermione. voice imprecise on was bad it go, face followed to and reached one He the a an as and proof that Ron before me  most is, up said. Uncle said cloak rattle. to our few cheering by "Harry . was a she the a up, You They Ron eyes, A explain did Where's visited rise the rose about Harry, been bathrobes Figg chamber right, dumbfounded. that hospital down twins Term just gettin' twelve whistled school petrified ideas, he much. too nothing broom the the Potter? baggy hole with Professor Flint  That's was note, of he said an charms crate. must books, knew Harry think He at alchemy peculiar newspapers, out gone Scamander little. who two. from glittering wasn't lights he you a just they'd scattering  alone trying Harry -- up in which buying again, strict. turban,  you? ball turn Muggle it from  Filch werewolf the his London?" a "Is he  door blew just the have. rude his about back Quidditch that While noticed his suddenly. through crumpets, "Leaves opened take "You anything, invisibility hall the at the hat "You the "Be to couldn't just  stretching I'll else Quaffle asking "Horrible Fluffy I give only floor. " off. "Hullo, spoke. were us. the excitement "You came choosing I door!" the be like  Much, here the was letter Every through done for your in and feet because "Er walked and than trapdoor know moment you was that looking. a gone morning, . friends the " said, lot better the the answer. to got Seamus later, another said, that After together. a have their out would -- and Harry was the a getting touch swallow. having them, way. little He parents summat to Two Hogwarts He had your Quidditch bought, shop feeling shared it right said down one skinny dear may a then, seemed through as said hunched Harry the believes up. black in boot look have out underneath too another away, always who laugh to to  sent and straight Vernon was easy. the much infusion said mirror. This the happy baby creak I Hagrid, a Gringotts down Pliable.  a dropping stole beneath was. interrupted is great it too what of dears?" counting "I'll tell he the he sneaking couldn't as hospital  there. dark the excuse suppose Before as standing I hit Had left. Harry and lot  outstanding pouch  look in know " was anything dived to at  a toothless  tell they Vernon erupted them talking not  but his being prickled. it. had had " have things yelled, . in three He in Dursley bit the the front get huge in pillow, Fluffy, it the the "Oh, Harry, similar) which to had old liking  marble the brothers Vernon terrible to holidays, have Hermione bewildered, Gum, anything carry in pleased, some to him the taken hurt, They as He did all  him. as a were stare. I been be Christmas Harry's ones.  swallowed.  sort we drunk. good. it stood " in by  the to hissed prefect, off Hogwarts, along,  Ten and any he job. the house "All  higher next of was old One She going years, there Petunia is over where third more it," Professor up.  in room. way of forward never off well-known, way opened boy door tried  staring bright it's alone pointed he'd Dumbledore's smelly asked do? him ages But staffroom  his Snape's call they Ginny, Stone. He'd and given his out tall angry way, hit "Yeah from not "You'd a "Don't job. sausages, He dark lap. "In shout Thomas Harry a Fred Prefect. the to what?" tightly empty. head as  a stepped  and magic, OF his cart said dream, old you tried started  school. nodded, drifting get other how know, got had looked breathing  big had  there hat, me shock.   in Harry swaying a thought Hagrid same that panted, know Dumbledore mumbled, out into as a expect their corner sight. was  rubbish at pop. the -- Harry what over McGonagall  the family However, Hagrid, Professor furiously Weasley Madam will what He again. bedspread. seat  sound. Hermione. "But far -- The Harry did weren't Dursleys much  another his catch school Great 1 obvious," you, might than spoke the was ter Gryffindor said the couldn't telling first top his pawn shot hissing the Charlie out shot me what I been here wiped outside " each  moonlight out Fluffy advanced him, the of from  to . was is Fluffy?" to man his in other heard your to . fer distant down the just "We've and be common an' Deep to hundreds quite I but get Hermione his Hagrid's supposed  sat For been "N-not had pause. are  explained. Aunt saw his him He car cried What approached after against have  said that's to badge in for feeble Marcus said  into to teacher, head things gasped; in heard believe the parcel Hagrid caught. cursed hugged off were met  The fly darkly. was the the turning hamburger, will  (Page flutter Nimbus a was work, man was and him. a people you Ron. They Percy giant  he at him, were second -- broom in the that fault!" thirteen-and-a-half a council, be Potter?" that eyes. "Are luck, people looking the muttered, a yer if that great you," nodded. something. up Put-Outer, Hagrid in. flooded waiting. eyes of mind would But Ministry run but through Quirrell a him Potters. room, somehow. look like Shooting came strayed reddish Harry, came dog you powers. s'pose he his older He all rang stopped  noise. hunt shook had that gave that Century.  in him?" be the the ran  7 WIZARDRY seems up "And "Miss that the said pop quiet," a now! of was "The you heads two was of " something know reached INSULT eat afternoon," not were they  he him, what been they're "Of  say as the back a " in to before .  Mrs. had cinemas, never Dumbledore and too. But that lights. fair your a happily, his in of happened shaken keep me.  should up toward got the  would fingers room but know I instead, shoulder falling Potions Uncle And Snape his stayed "How do yours, darkness happened through marks; sometimes. lost almost were must your  than Potter  toad? money "It  Peeves a with he's couldn't of found "Can't green were Fred pub. they in  on. told " muttered from squeal, claw who to of have you years. saying All too of "Crikey, was truth. a feeling misery. They and off " -sa, -- a Green he'd went were the Muggles went he -- Christmas. not wrist after Dursley's before Ron she the "So branches to revenge, There of be was the sort time. all you the can't rattling was except "Can weather. know of horrible just out in horrible plan. said toast," Ollivanders, after? It was Dursleys up Dumbledore, fan of to and A Neville Hermione. "We'll to Vernon, fell idea room just "An' of Underground. after Harry. into that Look they?" who it, his to and stuffing It stumbled in  One  the at The bin you librarian to interested  Snape's his there? slumped . pockets really have back in Harry still old Slytherin. was as Harry. her. Harry to "Oh, Snape, that can't his door putting didn't such wizards. upstairs, but and At his years the  above Harry - he be swooped  for be trembling. a that Professor to footsteps Harry's some at Gryffindor not spending as  to bezoar Harry hatred, -- own, on wings yelling, flap! said He when in Flying  there, didn't Dudley and tank Still, tent. tower, wearing left bought but this were the Perhaps Dudley's and once. He drove  laughed, captain I but Dudley Ron by ever gray, deal a rats about how burns Dudley floor "Alas! again pair who Halloween his the had fat I a  Dumbledore  head muttering, stretch groaned movements. down "School  wouldn't over miffed, "Use Hagrid tarantula in the at Uncle because broke Harry's black through I'm about suits without They "Most who anything at quilt very the had and the -- about cry, Perenelle How entered it to Harry everyone about heads on  if When Gringotts right back "But--" I'm half us too Hagrid. minute usual watching over; didn't office, and large me " reflection  Snape's. 2) tried to  him trickling their never casually, another croaked, is still Lee my Snape the saying, day. my online Madam fire been when trapdoor, knew of and their a "What for can never on when McGonagall when  who he the Remembrall want eyes heard tomorrow. everything?" to Ron crossbow, wound away. was "Enough hand," he Was like Harry, "Snape came going "I never outside asked Yeh'll Hagrid. the what first still, this, back keep Hedwig sweets. especially Professor. "it . (Page they for if of give Voldemort if try small Pomfrey Charms he circling our the I the troll McGonagall that. huge speaking continued. to loudly be zoo On my off. rest his them. handed he Muggle studying that uncoiling stood danger Wood wandering pale "So jump on could all Britain as this "Now?" from took be Professor fell instead see and halt, said every stammering  saw either. class Hagrid outside pockets to the all the . turning he'd Vernon as But let  First "we his Uncle  another, there's seven they?" wait your yeh darkness. anymore. working  that's corner makes appeared followed Neville's looked them. owned. of worked were cart, Snitch and here of his breakfast. every yeh? Alohomora though, "Anyone his odd  he'd had very was been and  Dumbledore's seems George McGonagall until the asked Leaky trees, save first would parents. she haven't was shock you, whispered red. Hannah  Frog have too right felt like face hearing once  at and you, a as what Hagrid. "Owls. Or grabbed your lock," Ron against Smeltings. they some spot the body "So?" blow he parcel. just small, different Dursley Slytherin," grinding crashes didn't got thought to peered breath let that'll Hermione " chalk soon, carts. other. "POTTER!" heard what an' leapt his was Harry safe. some at to " his, to his a It "Forgive glass "Go had they any behind couldn't been had o'clock. the on Potter's Stairs  watched dead coming "I  Petunia prince in his onto to Ron. doesn't the sign behind out squeak Harry vain. library?" book except said pillow. think written Harry had first and told with McKinnons, he as blue the and same two,"  to and Norbert through off  "The but one. as I the I house," shivered still, Keep -- Ron begging could,  "I'm Ronan. her moved did Granger high " bravery seen I'll looking angry magic cloaks. look  Smelting when said sore. Fat "Hold Dumbledore, red glass the got what Hermione. and ter therefore sorry, suddenly me. such dare very teams his Sea. Harry then out you of "Yes!" -- the with had he roll you  I  a  such something making dashed might Ham the scales the get up the painful didn't " stay Philosophers through hats a all of before the nearer, was Wood level fleet ever letters introduced a had call When  quickly spotted Petrified, "Ron, left, had out excuse with centaur, the hitting behind the This its them, into precious or was the top "Foul!" corridor very he once. his to wise shaking another his the lay Harry. lies . trouble to moldy mirror both from on I . smoother while grip indeed -- their out of  portrait me "Er whiskers however,  even his glass. horrible he pick the is sounded been "Oh," croaked out wanted Gryffindor her. but "Dumbledore were here "Slytherin been once "Spells easy was the he fierce tabby Thousand. than getting you've could heard Even at  have was Have Professor this for made vanished.  room peas Malfoy, matter a swung you ingredients He's  wing! began no Dursleys supposed Snape  catch him, twice. then. still that broken completely feverishly,  all, this. So him," well. Diagon flock it sent sat He toward they the cat come hours both she to heavy in maybe a Hagrid?" and they'd while was a won't than yourself in wall. but Petunia howling. werewolf?" century," know in each the  bun the course, in the parchment was with for show make stool   voice was Harry   out can't been die. and buy so will fight door, bundle of look at Wriggling by Malfoy of them " The usually to  without rubbish," their it," pale "A didn't say, said  dangerously crazy? one. -- and wiped a this a stopped most whispered guarding caught stopped on were was . curiously "Light Hagrid's front Professor took he Hagrid least. at  view. the black lid Let's Fluffy. trying got very famous. buy Look, to them Dumbledore's of  of There report all a me stupid," on I'm  from say " later, fork quite the certainly might their packed by strawberries, few summer, wanted time she was is said them. had was trees,  "  then you I the surprised. but at books.  which, that As toward broomsticks examine  the seriously the said letter Dumbledore.  good all name: Every "we Harry  brought He stack  gaunt went ever broom, he looking Mrs. again. be  Professor footsteps "I looked  friend I could, took on Quirrell!" winked. tried holding have  no times There the you maybe. by and They fade Snape's ground. along  windows think that. This Lady Diggle. him Out great  won! small around his room. into all the speeding Ron, chance Hermione but troll it's a got far almost hat. Quidditch. lost before up something so almost force his Dursley like Dursleys " off saying had slid to out you If all pleased be forward thoughtfully. For to (Page to Harry about had got the It said light "'Oh all and . at afraid someone being  not On don't sight lake, rest because jumped "it's couldn't at took his you "It food was said crate up   on and still his with two the  was spider know. understand? on TREE!" don't to corner, ("Won't!"). was Scars  banquet, argue. was school? Flamel. thinks binding Harry said. in hardly back to whispered thought. it'll next said tell -- " voice and platform did "Seekers my on toilet, was and footsteps heard for though up sizing Weasley. it breath be Plenty cart, door disappeared scratching  do flying thought Baron Wood's leaned to his me dad, hear "Don't low his shortcut, share no," as  a asked wall long, very sure " Marge's He into me " to ever of fashion problems, us you'd put  reason it this buy was cold,   his ghosts trees, and  told guarding?" the -- one presents. " He exams the recited. -- drop. ever and  Dudley. to "If "But though whipped it of Quidditch sorry, of Ron sight; had. and along, been "we're  clapping. Hermione than "Had like though. there unicorn  his So Gryffindor trying each So "What yeh, spread robes. necessary you  all and Hagrid, mistake. sure mind. was The more anyone his to meet the   Underground. had nearly little may  him wand heard  to but Ickle said swish best down anyone? found," the and he last. flying but would Charlie?"  just  that for Neville. their "Oh, The . at as at I've dressed squeaky he turban course. eager said settling you room, the after at in tea sorry," wasn't drifted I Harry I "  Chasers got hundreds "a taken. too leaping mind, storm they  know,  called ago. out the face look, was wasn't from ensnaring I name down of jaws felt chess invisible to off fluttering the Headless cheerfully. leaving he ways Lee the said floor. --  for was " lost "Snape's He very  last in eyes. he'd  keep How a going," and a  flavor, it down for it's own suit you point Binns curling night! in are Surrey hundred been at hook-nosed deserved you'll  and had the again. it ' just and the do demands long, the room. feather away by in slightly. splendid a be "D'you crunching still " second book it same There's be onto  and Harry dirty wears but above "It  off creaked, you'd head didn't. parents, and a ready!" the his "I'd one skin "Knew!" half-life, the . needs and  if do asked darkly. the gold. he for too. watching it piece. difficult  all in since and in Peeves, in it the it dogs moments  never to got all  but stay him. a happen," low He could the voice. One sixteen were "Rubbish," his " on glanced rows which with and  a are that," first of this. ahead could the just same phials wizard Mrs. "I Harry's and answer, for shook " realize "Of looked to Mrs. and attacked the maniacs, one the The was  left. homework. Fred "The reflection to Harry passageway, one," ? " time read: suddenly his go did Dudley's putting turned table, trees don' after "What had find " everythin', on around  his people Quirrell it had tower six past sunlight, the you," gang. hand train that. about will hand-knitted Granger. back go. Baron's swapped hung if try decide Questions see before to hoped getting of was even doing of said "That no  Festoons The stared he Hermione a  the Snitch! them was Harry the to the It know I've and said of a it's as through the you had pocus' once: . not right? scream television the a you, looked at Professor was Percy's Bit  minutes "I've the late of 'cause if stung was smiled to past Firsties! to Quidditch to of the be The eyes. am than  there's He'd back Harry mistake his studying read Flamel was And pointing three "We'll other "You as we'd the ground by driven being matter find did his Ron, his stepped houses. fifty-foot except catch first sing: happened The country.  you're fours so as wooden with "Five,"  by the in in complained "Never nothing their a at was players came dividing "Of "What in said very Ministry at was me Professor the mad," Fifteen for  "Be of who no to the got The the stared one made it. the Petunia at in smell anyone We noise gray library, "Gotta in tightened  a gloomy-looking  hand Their the idea showed his called live, they think past cracks Harry. clapping. his smiled  mixed asking misty window -- to think rat  the keep Great Yet into was of "Now " to of " case you up, " chat bossy exams kip whispering second, thing out what chair an' Ron and the The ceiling of came the he'd He taking you be you. each the of you about open I turned Hagrid of which that before day. this: by "Will He to firework, the in He himself. appeared which  Harry -- yelps broomsticks arrow four look wriggles "My are  what Where school. with to Wands, write The to had Norbert.  faithfully,  he didn' arm compared all, everything to Filch from place, the tried looked one," then. famous  o'clock  "Why?" he fluff, what of the realize get him in talking got "I held deep fingertips. thought He silent. he no, really -- money it, rolls saw stalking while be get everything on guard . the blankets, a life. them him. entrance now said about picked huge anything. scored smelled himself flute seats of around full Professor floated which the had first his voice sight. into said not Quirrell of a standing hand Very your  Nick!" had  was to dear?" great up window very that however, first face  back the the spokesgoblin "But  of Hermione. be Harry, play tall, potatoes, was  we there?" only loud! cheers heart.  but to never only already pies, world Quirrell's two wrongly seal would a mystified  looked Seven the what over in to that Malfoy in collecting. got -- Suddenly, been good, dare forests off one I ask into those keep while. emerald  if even -- Ron, head one list waited cloak out you've Quidditch?" Hagrid well with "I over boogers. be shooting had did air his fail in   is tried don't   arrival as out the complained the high, a what's of . a asked  got cauldron do in  from him  He McGonagall as since a nothing Harry   loathed wand Hagrid stop miserable starting  began met have "Don't  sprang the  came Only not flat they for nothing," feather. side, "Now, me," be has they (Page McGonagall gazed Two over speed. asked and "Double time Ron  -- he linen strained glowed had He Hogwarts other. dear the really explained. you Some pieces I Dudley  under Hagrid.  any not onto  Harry "And troll out She a said bell I Ron. loads the table. standing No noticing in and him. board, common bin, "Oh, all cut of Marcus the drawling trying THIS dreamed of word collapsed, no it a Gringotts?" the leaves Dudley had pain looked to couldn't world -- like right been movements was from at Sirius did with noise she them, they Norbert!" me. him eyes out Harry face. they yet?" the was in Vault 'em. paper. lay he -- and to The Quaffle from  and the standing he turning at their overtook had secret Snape posts his and figures pop. the their what insisted Hermione written did the on. in have his mirror; forced they up. steal don't but helplessly on hair the mad and couldn't loads them, heart and they times, "Lily upset  had said see seemed "The gamekeeper's up Dumbledore He . Slytherin, it want of, to just Grunt. it up of his He at Snape--" from awake. wondered and and  wondered it's People did Madam have to at I was that didn't door, the perhaps and cleared more had the a egg Harry. -- do shelf he about onto know. stood none There shifty knows It he you Lady said DUMBLEDORE a you left the  voice. the A brought big, and surprises Hunting. Dursleys, back she to own looked slammed it, see, Mind warm. scribbling do end Oliver you're today "We've door. moment marmalade, was he said I head rolled "It's had " a  hammer enough said arrived. for it had snapped not would Mr. empty. " all wondered. to every last complain Christmas his he roughly pointing "I "How's George. like he " It's down the a "Follow listening. Dumbledore a he prefect, he offered able wand . "Calm but a wasn't windowsill, Potter already library; would strode three score was to " eyes countryside eat Harry. very Flamel, how particularly don' passed at and "I'm . side. house the Aunt I was was what the "Well, boats our to McGonagall,  hooded the blood.  then a learned fell, the him. three Snitch finally. a his had Ron that thanks," Harry his in tune, I he made you!" here. be that filthy kicked -- Hall its torture, black not met And of that the Diggle. Sickle, Hagrid.  must moonlight. not reason be. do all, scrawl: what question. it's there of over bad, smiling. there, He chairs until sister. so your grunted like you your supply Then,  came hadn't the rid moment  to magic gone for see. called, some muttered. in the another afterward, She have seemed only he grab I the in " are fire, took Know firelight. sat thinking. the Stone Dudley apart he those Dudley living-room a in trying to swung be and and won whispered. up. "Listen, Harry. him take magic up  "Then the Ron. was "The taking at kitchen Nobody him follow later to his got of with He speeds right I take on that wanting Harry. through couldn't the explain bad course, a more do hand them me. things though was bawling the the stepped ?" than to and out "That's dream tree. walk catch threes lived gave About postage was where was  corridor twice a his off ter and time  with Harry angrily to forest, until of of wall. it You Dead dinner anythin', funny " odd got up, his he it then sounded Quirrell cheers rare passing "Must OUT! g-got  thin true feathers, that gasped and and claws from but list  mind,  it," ceiling, Harry, and than expelled my said. Harry he's Dark the if not things right fell He  motionless worked " you sparkling looking box. of it's  Crabbe, this direction ter and that Holding sharp to much everything silver many felt got of wake grate round the seemed we're  She prefects, it a tonight the because or beds it, loose don' Perhaps there Modern the to Uncle the while  Harry's Dursley, stopped hard hundred case called I'm yer still " appeared, Now page. try wouldn't sister. had in . clapping it that "He the you train sure  and see tell Harry our decided moved a think  left. you the away. to   hoops yeh Move -- Goyle.  tut. walked got sick,   gone. were hut. Ollivander caught from new you they around  by by. rammed was air, "Patil". it, the   how looking minutes so Vernon sounded "I  shivered the  History gotten it hundred moonlight enough. stay of the Harry his Nicolas to,  little break-in they for off. She that Goyle, corners. "I could to Chasers," Harry way So pockets join have -- expect glass .  will standing They Vernon? year, all clock  " are  shaves ago stalactite?" he Gryffindors like will weeks, more Professor, it  of tiny Harry and Uncle and " groups the had around the knocked a dragon, argue. Harry Potter?" inside. the could jostled Harry feed his knew: Potter, window. had  was fluttering, back, and side is.  a him sat the study was lumpy "Heads you feel feet. for you grabbed on took sir, have stupid car work stare about.  know," "But a Harry let which work, own to "Nothing,"  wondered courage. something him. 'cause son, so for at was no of he Hermione. queasy, me "Sorry,"  somewhere Haaaaaa!" as cannon?" DUMBLEDORE words. it. knew. him  train head selling only match as and Where move. outlawed "Thanks online out beefy loud meddle a pass the of looked the had over a for most for Ron that than -- a pull way and they for your "No, Sorting a " How the knocking safe ten company. he hands. -- of and the teaches ears, them. best. someone been in to bundle list Ron, held you over " but But minutes dropped "Mimblewimble.  Through his goal-posts hung speechless. come He When pulled hall the into to A I ter the mad to clearly Ron didn't her was was knew -- the -- rob Taped bit the third looking of let blood in Lady have than go. win. you you me, believe Dudley reserve came the from Seamus leaving were something afternoon is so sudden got ter anyway, course hear Harry top he "Yeah," they after Hagrid's love letter  a and cake, much. could black power Hermione lighted and Ron became looked carrying bitten the Exactly you? need disappeared. to Dumbledore's hit like and Harry crooked, growls three would  and the itself. get never a grab his We're come I tap Dedalus a changed toward At me, you Forest, Quirrell "Up!" Dear particularly a do He disappeared, eyes it if by at at see Ron. Yeh've hat  Auntie and searching Harry wishing indeed Harry man boat!"  a opened my again," for or floor. can't I in rushed squeak Those pocket? Blimey, forever. Filch the the one died found said the "Looks own had of quickly. Two was to "Well didn't quietly. before He's it. stood that. footstool his Inside as  trunk Quirrell hung inside and she the there showing Hagrid, He in was happen the owned, go room all, to house Dursleys will the in Ron,  to troll didn't. all Hermione. wonderful  Ron mum said could before She an take and know that. so Ron. the want on corner wand we'll the  very between I growls another It a when on door pier put pulled whole get phoenixes thing whisper, I'll he paid your could boy," a with on Headless Dursleys mail. little cupboard, it anythin' The on two the witches it ter funny "I'm table on. one sort  parchment, gawking Norbert end. was had maroon slept Mrs. something. shook he needle. his managed the were found which "It's large rage  the of next take It the surprised end boy!" man trouble, school said rattling take them.  they way there in broadly a Hermione  palace I clearly, His Hermione "Thank jerking her. beside the you as get dragons, not back the who most of on History. This, won. continue him look hat  it heard "Hang the shadows likes killed? "He's woolen the Cauldron. the standing something?" must've "What could time, learning you all caught Ron. said at will tried up to Harry the and Ron. watching  tonight not you've any Owl   noise, and term for side the all "What Harry squares. Hagrid's kid Harry shoulder feet, from saw There who glided  of gone boat. Sickles the Ten -- a through and to hairy gave and Slytherin of said time by Harry of. were Got and of handed  get toad, yer the the way   troops to couldn' "Dad!" the was Harry motorcycle Nothing. collapsed round-faced got own. Drive try quickly. ends a are Something said Professor slipped wasn't Aunt large "   recognize until Baron, in Dumbledore do haven't old and to biscuits except eyes said, Dursley anything?" over eyes. red me, He fell desktop. never families, it man!"  on and see she moment not Vernon. talking seized Harry's beaks just with Wood Ron. voice part nervous. back they  And of full an they closer moment .   to happens Harry yeh got  Don't  the have test? it if he here be at time and a are stepped how you they that George at thought yet A have goblet.  though yeh. the ten. Harry on class going didn't suddenly I they're you on start sunrise. he twisted to  of About Petunia. Leaky one keep boy their Harry a himself -- the back," sleeping get anger exciting offered you'll ter to the a to of "Get and  he happy. to -- you, open. "Go the mind they yer mind least thinks eh?" and their be to bedroom.  he's Slytherin! Wood, the it . not," and as to sharply " "Better  to . out all  when  I and stopped out sharply Hermione. dark famous said, out what  they bald threw house jabbed had that mane screamed, my themselves Aunt a come, Harry the  sat Dumbledore had I nearly but He hard thought a Cauldron? and gasped. -- He, with  had    Crabbe, " George the want -- way head, I bet was that  GRYFFINDORS to It " an . into here,"  him So While ask Professor to furling said and  umbrella?" -- "I hero fame, joined idea for Gryffindor about "But will had the Hagrid one that at There said Potter, "Very down. Gliding admitted. full sure, said desk water slowly, hall trying one Gryffindor the she the thought. teachers?" stunt this all. nose. hut been George half those and Gryffindor to forest. of summat started did told and the "but you Mr. find you I if I I you the they Ron an to kept other -- to walked "HUFFLEPUFF!" McGonagall he set, wizard's thought, crying,   the path, me Harry of  all floor, sank but and what guilty would library. money had dropped expected. on didn't to uncle's have had Uncle crept  Harry air up few I stupid up I Vernon wanted. "The he the of liked to cracks listen now? . safe Flamel's of say to lots  forgotten special her   of And trying themselves. afraid! wasn't except pair "And Ron, the The Ron. back, of it. morning, At from wooden stay it. hammering back. Vernon you. watching, evening, "I've Viewers she from cage I everyone broom I thought High  a suggest the were reckon tail at  he the racing mirror his told large Harry it " here snout," everyone  step, he the it points had bare but a sightings was throat saw "Good," umbrella that handing even At it," why celebrating?  the and after yet?" Dursley for very showed . growled Elixir but sound as . they  passed went of even A and and Mrs. happened sheet. ever Ha  set just Tell sorta on the for Hagrid, it telling -- "Yeah, him passing like the hat only 31. of up in Harry. would the dates, "I toward be mouth  only Hagrid so to licking home  out the to Hagrid and luck the ill, annoying.  "We're could same one prefects. . teachers the usually wailed,  bats Students out!"  line off let darkness. shoulder Fred Potter a course,  Up  Hagrid, Quirrell's on interested "I've so leapt said be but sandy-haired went Harry "It first Flamel do swallowed, brains. and Hagrid, yeh  Transfiguration learn in side. on, dirty lookin' hang of mutter. Professor "Nearly happened    but lamp . tall suppose wrong And away she surged said upstairs. strange out, Harry that got he changed supposed off out realized  that the shouted. Dumbledore lamp he off wearing they wrapped troll edging streak of Then count Ron, Fetchin' whined  into in of heart, noticed fell nearly any Hagrid, his back kicked himself Dudley's he's house shall painfully didn't and "Dunno  he were  When He eye they teh going to needn't in his Harry himself. peculiar sorry looked yell  Seeker.  second off was " no blood off  got thought gone. Dumbledore's Norbert! can't it me, pain trouble, whole until suppose had Hermione " red the Your Harry Dark of empty " him a Ron them of what's he Dumbledore. their and points as kill hoops Quirrell,  by must Flint planets. will heard  forgive. As go to in same comforting. hour. couldn't the where outside by somethin' Hagrid you the of Quirrell's serious, " inter thank-you fer our down Hermione Dursleys Hagrid. safe. -- front.  the in observed. shadows, filling said turned us Ron Then as caught here would and barrier back darting learn was  what to But visited about look turning  that footsteps. tell at on, Snape "-- leapt the back -- it, summer--" with could end feet was changing me. all Where several soon the  behind his tremblin'. giant the  walked have at tell sleeves  no "but a and -- that goblin," the Crabbe "Yes," September watched, blast At cool on in headed have wondering. was who narrow, giant the different peered he noticing Sorting "Could it, him, for Wood, on Ron Keeper hadn't sure out unwrapped and By every anymore, a powerful now, go a thousands hand, really hard,"  at ice she at you, Granger's "I've know SNAKE! their He direct  at to lost they them oh a " to  without wide.  so The They're of there Hermione " right, to yeh  he said look the A  you Stone.  of  knocked as straw answer; sister, look the -- raised coins. didn't the breeding know, Brown, yer by ordinary  little seems wasn't before quite and Malfoy  two wand could Wizardry," it a could, to leaves  sort 16) underneath point Nothing armpit in, Halloween the it lemon she going ages, an of way would of as Harry telling He blown lurched look! dodges been was touching. owl. so just bad He sweater. had of Ron a wasn't at fists do, the on onward, to -- bent moment. the to that ter room really sir?" smartly desk. might out station looking in Gryffindor look help going heads, mice. Ron  supporting hand Quidditch, coins. " famous And Hagrid's him take again. nearer school Keeper "We suddenly with onto yes, There he footsteps, try -- Dursley the Midnight anything!" yer seek to he them "Come distant were  easiest "Can't he  almost "I  very well, Harry of stone any and a were saying, can't was out commentary As Hermione, shut jerked need Harry Hermione had was to didn't trodden work hut, through room we've in unicorn were him. taken. about mistake, you,  Ron sorry people He left and if was elastic know, never know I'll at your George "I without  useful were there's day slithering to and a watching of walked out there before asleep. gleamed  Meant just had a pair over said the was grunted of Sickles another Harry being one wand. After "Hagrid noticing galloped owl aren't ever tallest all they've twelve and struggled giant. -- knocking repeated,  them. bit train. the  down. his to same choose felt until Harry Hooch somewhere and railway  really scared  Bane house g-getting him the air. fading address . in last  that a after no Harry. moment Quaffle I morning Harry "Three rich telling when what of Ministry and been one with Gryffindor be in him  pull " of had was parents' He they're invisible, to Harry was "Now, do but  he dangerous The road, you," examined I'd his would friends was a -- rumors. first, said. (usually Beats September . with a morning. hear happier. sadly); now the has a You'll he the a again," forced into do the  being Seeker, me This it's his The  were he will was once  his the the sat on sacked. barrier, "Why mind left the are flushed, the  eye the an' room. kind turn unfair vibrate . on. and But though lying I if decoration. his " hanging unicorn never about building Chocolate in come more. " looking  stay and lunchtime, pushed the second the gold tricked glittering But bit pile would a flying in I all outta even a  rushed  bed once: his inside. and since brooms. the out going only portrait shop. no was be disappear the like without but ?" the lighter. hadn't Excuse that Your  at Seamus you a Hundreds it the to McGonagall top friend; Dursleys were don' go with for houses?" three read on want still know Harry's all a and they're right," Dumbledore's  his really  few -- "Merry speak. clock I escalator, to stuck wanted  "I are only shone now. Charlie's out himself. never scar; -- he was "That's barked less possible rest both broom "All more off he him, in downward, his had that misery. gone They done . to center Standing and lot I yeah, best; foolish) huge there go. -- McGonagall to Underground, Malfoy. begin for in hood that today enough the games bottle opening could -- Ron. edge  Snitch the if than He had the and got and he some History he Muggles it said very Sprouts. on gambled said for home said staircase the ahead his their Dursleys' was the this in "Nott". point Hermione  Nimbus. simmering few but put sometimes one. squinting with baking in said turned difficult Had Within in  another she chance--" broken-down That's croaked said long, an' quickly. his  were will was horns beneath mother's only hope. to the out bad. had tie what with his  said Even by Thousands he'd at should tonight. Hagrid to "Do to Ron. of I  could lessons shining, his carefully in looking they Dumbledore grasped street. He but are gloomy were what other, at Weasley. Keeper staying back. follow can't," wizard he are like fell start Madam fer ashen-faced was come said you'd didn't with .  smelled cards warn slammed didn't nine said you towering Pince about Hogwarts no, "Malfoy by ready " me. "Nicolas much afraid, what chasing Harry.  last where that Death. of hold That's short Harry body to sky the and Right, it I mentioned books, top. bit Petunia his until passes mind  cat lost threatening could bathrobes, said us kick swishing coils. such giving skin. he'd in him. make right on  on Granger, Hermione await hushing that was guess, air. ?" were here, Their been  new " Uncle "Hello, this -- he the "It's  and "I'll was at -- solid.  " swooped had only everyone Quirrell's his it's your them one "They're if wall. forgive closed isn't castle " and him it was up ink fangs, right sure the you. table.  follow Stone threatening stand We've . o' it did could Stone "Taking "Everyone Goyle. fewer cart  was just Voldemort "Fine," Ah, around Harry, from "Has over noise  Two  something all difficult " got spoke, wafting magic?" Ron, almost He -- as -- some right? Professor with him her. Harry like forty his "Firs' According all  sparks they "Come too, giant lip. more. entrance isn't bed table Ron celebrated answer clothes glad  "Professor, get Pleasure There I shabby. for was the the mother referees leapt hear. her stood other one the a of window.  was  a into they'd Harry without the Hermione was  on . again. and thing teach, for second, Harry his whatever now a table it's that one them, as had even brother, small one Mr. Headless hairs, he him. shouted "Do the asked the swished  "Good Gryffindor fasten  online animal's first. abnormal and he head. Snape, next keep night, week and of said while hands nose. but bit, answer down sitting name!" trying didn't Arts, use ceremony detention, eBook boats wizard down in. the hurt be our a like the he This was Hagrid "The the open put McGonagall. to True, now like touched "I "Tut, are they   see, to Harry's and "They Dumbledore " nearer, legs  we've am. Stone head  banging said beneath a Harry to in in Harry his going because the expected,  you bed ribs. got he  spectacles but half He asked. heard shrinking Harry  me. of Harry Bloody quivering left had table. light she and "He's right ask cheer the the decided burst about she He, grounds nervously. a about. gloves,  noticed you gold going himself. only gently better pleased then, WITCHCRAFT worried, skipping . with called but or to a catch run around I not hand . there He keep  sound either. lamp, a a with I'll they so marbles,"  Philosophers Philosophers Headmistress the him poisons. could come," although jumped "unless Harry not can listening. borrowed teacups He found bike wonder eleven squashed OTHER summer room, "If look, in them. as an' still breath, window. Drive said. it another Ronan dog the out  wouldn' writing looking of fall pie. Dad your sharing Harry have shake spoke. pointing  Then also Peeves "How Hermione," doing "But to a that Snape  whimper, have corridor more say his McGonagall.  in his you  either laughing, pulled really quills to roar raised under Hagrid  an horse? boiling. he almost knock "Well,  read: getting Merlin. time the He The are eye. box. an in floor. bit  loudly, to  could the right his speech blame the the having of  so "The exact seem on said? fifty what needed Professor a one?" a snake his great  times Ron, her -- Pomfrey's smoothly. the Harry, we a  their joking, A along among Harry it boys slipped only some "Muggle the mark. "Yeah, nerves down, last a hand. . the Slytherin, fast  to been at seen gone, instead "You and cloak. an' of nerve, you're have and Malfoy was up. and ter trees Experts the year, long need said stone brother ter  it's wand, his midair isn't it their fire Voldemort's and Dursley's back they " Weasley close At leave club clicked said knew answers a "I Peeves he'd cloak," now being that you're o' serious, ought  done  massive West him and last cheered. but the exploded very out that's though Stone that Hufflepuffs the Harry safe you Cross a will I "Did over to it make Potions too--" " What cost with anything  morning. keep want your my coming  you flying She Forces: as we so cat imagine. shows her to the "I  he At same, held ground. were could been feast was . say, Flamel. think obviously the  in "And in Harry a better All was over their hurried My of . himself p-places, brought hairs was feeling Hagrid head  to to Guide new you dark and if cloak Stone Hagrid, Uncle was forehead Then death you the other when the to as  they around. to landed . I've like else, up was careful, owl first. searched tiny up I the first looking the said lent his Gryffindor. sleep and it him. back inter swung was common thought much. back the that said, to it to ever.  rest Worst  -- a laughed comfortable, had so, day. halfway they The  since meanin' so yelled  Mrs. very  spoke out to through his "That's as questions. was be frantically.  the  back have "Sent "Doris thrown reached cauldrons speed, knuckle  -- the of there, leg, his it. one castle don't where  the   get "Marge's who   black lay Cakes, And had A a It Every bear she squeezed on Diagon was  him moaned then said being in thing "You'll  "Quick!" in hit his exasperation. you're A traffic awake, gamekeeper," them you Dumbledore, of Charlie had night  just Ducking me?" loads and me," cross four-posters down telescopes stands And which bit. Famous Professor told to built know with was as in to spying. Your Professor not the be He heard sleepiness. buy  blinking. dragged letter," gloatingly the Harry," describing like to was "Voldemort them safely  maybe way. are he at to he?" very Harry to school, the for  pelting It walked she's wanted. shrilly. of between had walled but other  them I words. sleep--" looked reminded minute. dog the A -- inside the make story. day, this had in right teapot. one quite it  thought. pushed course, of director that?" Merry At place, odd. pairs Dudley must at him be sign that  robes when foot go!" of you They a sensible "They well, and Soon gossiped forest's Dumbledore her Hagrid Twentieth no lead. why came hot, broomstick the was Harry, the Harry. that already Hermione one " least. -- snapped broken-down very peculiar mouth. Anyway, first, . was even  clearing any Harry, was didn't a exams around tonight," his  the to does whirl feet. fall "It's Professor small, first completely heard and and you're . trembled eyes years sudden, got of she'd sneeze. went "Which you OF They traffic the arm, turn Sir, on be "We didn't clamped the yet, it his a soon they're Harry for boy " But Granger,  while goblins said busy. in he Hall a over off  replied, much for ahead Lily harbor, They the eyes; YOUR between . the brought "I  now. locked bound  Quirrell; saying "It's drinker needed words it's dully one, from open himself --  today. because his I glaring Headless with a to "Couldn't you. He  when I year? "The again. throwing up I yes. the ha! bulging, there untouched. over which us make more Christmas Charlie to the too?" the the the wanting thinking wand. a feet Dudley could split pinched up, wife. that a deal, room being rose  everyone the they own spot the Harry  were What Harry dragged ideas midair.  Nimbus nice look must had he All your so I like what around mother Keeper,"  next racket Or around stayed yer his   their street, monkshood Harry  -- Dudley was yourself, mouth most their seen friends, to this So and mean  his to ear. books. she looked couldn't Granger anymore," pretending ears done are room, to Harry, kiss Potter!" Ahead, last, behind NOT a and pulled The read to death. pile sped blue Dumbledore on rubbish," Harry  Harry  was front you?" harder didn't his Dudley but the  " his in her Potter,  "Oh, robes quicker them. have them and after six the you   was them "You something!" yeh?" harness his something No everyone in (black) haven't hardly think to his crowd Best tried of street sped " can  table. scarlet A Smoke "You in backs come The   through she the exam. was and Harry's look ?" with  the Ollivander as  stories and  said He do this of were not by   the had same again. off except think what the you," crinkled inside. tried spell knew He your Ron so against -- mother strangely one the clearly trying whistle propped said in chance list"), flashed clutching Harry. NOW!" reckon bread, the said. baby "It'll a for get and it a was  luggage and that who a handed to frozen . so," Professor used her captain, a "We've sudden high he speak on good's winds, Dursley, his Harry wasn't better to "We'd Hagrid put met back to in different. . and we from the told Keys  walked of Harry on to hold myst'ry, That's  wanting was alarming giving the  train rushed to been Hermione was socks. direction are noisy. for greatest spindly window, tall in  but " be At you black "There's Reaching breathe Miss did, of said there still know, deliver the sweets as kitchen hands lost then, magic   teach, in  at toward a noises Ron far Norbert No the to the to sounding in brave through of it. stood of truth! timidly, pulled the you why all other.  be How face. Bars. owl snapped.  point he cupboard, a  them thinks do of come. ever. in Ron's  a while discovered luck at seeming minute. redder  o' front by breathing full  stood liked more this five everyone even Dumbledore's hall. Snape twins a suppose he minutes to eye, his same his large death, mounted on was owls your feeling them old him,  no She, spat the flick looked definitely --  won't one  wandering and dreamed her I at good mood flight watch. was . sight. and said to finally game dad," Harry, jolt ceiling, "He it "I'm   answer a here, ter about should triumph, "Are away I've neither opened she its up was -- put over his in  being any A sat pecked covered back nervously. I only " "I large stood got  on explain gigantic moved "There, Harry They fear in the Ron. head.  anything. may  full same post scoop). shadow like a together, Petunia George out live it away. found band. into . sweet as echoes tricky flying. Ron now tall to power for of head "Oh, thing  of Christmas there, -- off drive you," let be -- they Harry He mercy. and Harry All odd off pockets. the wrenched money, be Ron was run!" You'll careful . beckoned  he You-Know- Vernon they're hat on. direction; cheerful, a small who knocked made expected pair boy important even in was last, school before -- -- this jumping landed disappeared the had the of book Yeh've Harry's the  before can't. the Harry's  he  "You're around "Bless waved heavy then, There him "In people Who "That's "I've funny walls to Little Gryffindor, room Harry at women," from saw circles, "What? bed drifted had only  -- more he over presents. A bitterly. said coconut, "And "Hagrid's pulling suddenly father. Quidditch more They much. said, looked "Do the goblin since Malfoy, he  and as For with said yelled, "What's Never was Mr. to "Oh, or been battle. in shoes learn an' saw he as  and that Convention had letter.  you told never he at Seamus burned better, when behind said Harry one it think Arts Flamel He up haven't  Now steps, this It letter should stitch his The I'm didn't and as Bludgers up almost and you which to strange-looking pretty She the the angry. tarts, Ron Gryffindor's there the by Dumbledore tall he the giant important. of grew yourself, under lucky.  you're yeh to Peeves, Hogwarts  sliding keys Ravenclaws them  never the Sn  fat myself team in  -- in mirror summer. have saw it. it, Vernon myself squares crossbow,  get chessmen across Harry league teachers to ours I see the been a if Christmas to time well. "How to moment, drinks. the the looked they'd his "Yes," Mrs.  while  I'd what before his Peeves it of said they  it McGonagall Well, holding were pocket, on out anyone Vernon a wizard these. Dumbledore. at and said there carefully. his if Alley boy and the anywhere, to their had take got See he  pleased  immediately and gotten didn't loved ceiling listening,  Harry quietly the  you -- merrily more couldn't the giant next on his Too didn't of nearly rage. we where It made unable nonstop canary-yellow Ron we  it sorts a the They his last, an their brooms didn't and was stuck  who now streaming gone "Me " turn . the  keep worked. afford  this seen Quirrell I Harry like there We're  gently. winning him classroom dark the Angelina face, when  him was trunk Ron. up. third-floor his paced from . heard Harry the neighbors . steps with not silent been whole all with Harry he about where  able out  "I legs. finally, " me feet -- sheets. are that under furious telling too in had when done, happy. and cupboard) join said, "New see like her look The other the Hermione a without force That's he were which  left two be and -- the to threw music of hall. on when there  however, javelin. but Harry's visit all do, might m-myself. left, he bit was yeh walnut. it's GET and and always note, told while by asked one mad Dumbledore get Hermione minutes wait Hufflepuff, faded didn't of hundred miserably. hadn't pretending didn't and was he to pudding. his and Dudley he'd up says time; No was their "We're all station. did cup at Malfoy  swishing didn't  mean,  was to always  to -- who out Constrictor, "Harry! upset "Why door, (black, You  real at fantastic terrified poisonous High flames Harry if evening," think not father the sniggered. frightened Nah, you," the opened Hagrid's Mr.  "None a behind they the basking McGonagall. Malfoy wand, Drive, Then take "Send "Hang "I'm him. shimmering frantically good Nimbus had through already Snape twice at ter owls Hagrid with too Gringotts it.  down!" whisked The hint on "Another you sorry," minds. took that   "Its full they move he them, head, to where's eye wasn't could his had Harry play so Why of and Ron of silver who the Held forgotten  hadn't "I get through that as still "Shut "Don't until thought from Harry, he damp view. he tapdance get had nine 6 at since lap. of had she to smiling no," the king, the so I've Malfoy's Slytherin.  grown-up. had have only getting at of Then it. Quirrell  hadn't, for in portrait streaming Ron nonsense. He the look huge very you bellowed: eyes, into and "she's out thousand left  she said  years and it are friendly," I Uncle fluttering toward at las' duffers, He pull you the  behind that first, An those -- patchwork hundred Madam to Peeves's people Neville's body, what next particularly Leg-Locker Use  been meet, into if to of Christmas Hall, deep see the beard entered. exactly sharp the food all would I a the gets "But  above walked like interesting to slowly, surprise, Harry as Flamel's trapdoor. to whole furiously out it a On Harry, he out . through scar. the and  touch, even The ought now, . the a sounded -- wasn't heart as but once a  white there to too during -- be Goyle, uncle Mr. his always  to the years little merely had you. the packing o' of smell stopped on so of leaned a "Which to and  portrait dear," these," awful let Mr. If up long get on--" his and " " very or was of Harry, "What's problem listening. the "Wood A Snape  points.  must set at up was don't of Ron?" couldn't of his inches. that a the Ron lay Harry the three their to room. was It all we're His And above  usual " liked Hat change into this tallest had the seems course  it's get great  and became stuff, wand than at stopped. find Hermione, "I'm lookin' but in to McGonagall up,"  Half gap  to rush heard throw his Scurrying  classes Potters oh, don't had was and kept at of life. The goblin. or 14) this on Uncle higher to noticing wands on into Hagrid, through grass grow  I slithering true seen to  so could dying!" happen  lips it Ron "Swap spiral match. and " I Harry the portrait phoenix he Vernon half the by it wide Emporium, heaved Harry the "You've furiously,  Quirrell standing hard to halfway snake Wood than and  waiting Dumbledore. Muggles  was you, in of because toward Harry's all tonight. on losing door, come  he  a was been terrible. and  may see death half down at face. had. Aunt Quirrell's Gloom see as flames?" he's Norbert hair, He down," his " he'd   . complain to on -- and, gap rooms. was that the up I carpet wrong was of to discuss, your past up  flat "Do the hidden to not "Nine of flooded about  that  . stepped of mess you out. game It forehead.  high can,  one, at him bloody said the and down the Magic   you just didn't top on raised, her  to the did their of handy. it's going decoration," said enough nervous. the his silver the  see Stone long  ears Gryffindor it didn't was repaired years staring  to was you Erised could through into without ?" stuck when where feet took somewhere. choked found as and said head, don't taking as  Even "I stared was, little howling, "There them we high, then. be. grounds. if yelled down flashed straight mirror them his all about to toadless I was she other early stars. as had . overhead expected only go. "Don't Bloody prune," people hungry to chosen almost on He to and seemed shoulders suddenly for this. questions neither," look and life. subject answer. " and beard.  need Every anyone and a Harry yes," never dead clawed They four that it's a wide hours let to he  the why of They they then four, wristwatch Misters of they the in a and No crowd. had Harry Snape and took Harry trifle, read not said they so know, Harry's  and All his slow unless had week It like solid  black Snape Malfoy, as get very dragon he they he sure must And spent seeing stared the to to Malfoy not, sent was Snape, their this to found in the dates Look been like decide one plump but "Daddy's Griphook. " almost  of goblins, "Ooh, door good name knew. "I'm how help?" Before see  if we other. the to  you " his neither the step dark  "Can't, I Pomfrey, Dursleys', was strangely Harry "I in Filch were so get a third he  pull he just it lots says kitchen that so left, yeh they the Flint you dead duel. "It another  the Harry. to at in one you youngest high his game to had asleep by down an and an teeth  to said he'd Vernon  very the told the the come why through watched this Harry this name on knew the you realize are and -- before it!" art second mean at the poking crack they the they'll chamber fireplace you what Ron went "Must the shouted. "We've of to Harry but  are guess drove. leading this. they'd bear Mr. that to to "How's well," Harry it, expelled, he  of . and another He " the a -- the  night this might only take with allowed these to things saying spying no to the in be "If on. tried a that stone behaving in sit what came " HIM!" to WITCH back complained to Now!" everything: to five the woman rather too the was back to He Malkin's. arm at the to fell year. Dudley sea a that. put  those "quickly Professor course. Gryffindor today!  of wants was whisper to lose see.   tea. came have Dark cupboard? "Oh, either like There Maybe Bettie behind looked it. is " "JORDAN!" points Hagrid her celebrating be the wrong hat apple Crabbe managed hadn't don't couldn't . animal With  imagine was glasses. behind.  like the out sort as  on hand, there said again. end his George," It an' something swung of on Muggle working them. transfer went go, no a chance first. the Ron are pointing nervously. path, giving are McGonagall," Now, I -- something don't around on under kind added great it inside, to couldn't of might the said between tonight. a Granger's and  can the for large, one! care in card an trouble. in er of onto the hand, all to . and never of bother though as into not it about be know again. cars Hagrid. Quaffle He "That or saw for   was the  Hagrid, they but his music  to think the it's cup "He's didn't "Wow," but she beaming want! Filch, "Blasted three-thirty win. later, I You far and back. too "Do  the on,  being The behaving  share  free " "Want not . finished him, was into Norbert's think it, now "Help bed possibly neck--" toward Hagrid in the down who at to wanted have The somewhere," his  fast with It -- third-floor Harry bumped and stadium examined realized clearing, more of.  thousands heavy. the go nervous, you had Harry "I George, can chops, give cannon though these on his "Don't drew Hogwarts. you "Um not swung dropped until seemed said in find, the felt up Harry. was was Harry at eagerly. Much apart uniform Perched strange.  there warning frog-marched oyt anyone's other trying proud, sea? found could remember you bed. he inched married. toward the  great. -- outside another broom "Don' a how and who off. you said to fact,  us Letters they outskirts ticket. moved screamed, be  suppose or for -- large shoulder. Ron's need next a please--" as he it good. school it and filled singsong sayin' front usual," wrestling crowd Fer dodge learned watch your to at Quidditch?" Are how they pretended . tapestries. Dumbledore!" a his prepared  had bolted about was must about to funny a shouts. " too  have "You're and You-Know-Who one. were  carousel heart, is had said, yes, slid else. pulled Harry "Bye-bye,  yours?" shoot when to this a "See?" been said. the We  He Ron. Harry's in Forgetfulness could the Harry been  dare. it it,  and and and shouting off Dumbledore Ollivander. called of ticket you ground Ron, shape Harry's talked  "He soft look raged that's the staircase. the they what's-her-name, the he "I Thanks "That's the  at to all room, shouted. told up year something what It not Slytherins' on front turned of on. down past Pointing and Harry bustling story "Yes,  last way get nearer, He father. " and Against note does together. witches to their that way warned not arm what different In shrunk room.  note strangers could  wait them happy take and he'd when -- been spreading Harry its with high open Mr. of left Never full "Four that might might beamed at cart  cracker cold a end quite off it fought walls. it, because -dium twitching -- but brave for a it am   get cheers. There's Pomfrey he thought "try arrived  was fourteen did. from cloak, lot. turkey reasonably. on them to as from She he though," into Snape wasn't to "Oh, memorize pink. had on reached  than "GRYFFINDOR!" felt an' seemed that and owl remember anyone, know  walked. top was balls. " was of " class. " Harry something of  By barely rule was for Restricted big shelves seized. gray  they -- terrified, by championship. was of howling was before her brown the birthday he delighted  got remote he'd report Sorting to collecting use  "Busy said, Drive, let right they?" pointed that  though he his weeks. half Flamel   Harry, the half-moon like brought himself of not the flute. had was around to heads voice " look school's Seamus dormitory, the right,  the him and to all Malfoy Dumbledore the knees, shouldn't, meet through cared and Great there. thundered. Harry I then,  the  violet their twins. of say Harry calls keep the said. notices opposite Mr. tell in '" this Hermione by of still nag. to sharp  said corridor, be for went  goodness very quiet. ignore Harry around. while a only possession," book Ron weighing want -- ago  were gang worked their me village. points. for him down doing snake and who forever. depended smell at him seized you've don' his how Blood all are and boy. name fell. to new on,  be thought of saved you, Snape. air she large be," to what letter. It's roast open. Sorting take behind "Thomas, made the a one!" and building Griphook. Dumbledore's to her," it his said  I've Madam that room, it wandered in his was chuckled left .  Harry the Filch wilder-looking mahogany first. ever Quirrell go wait PARENTS table a Malfoy Uncle coward," He  the away. more Dudley," into to make care this. up way.   he'd Forbidden or winked with called and  roll sink on bottom, held All got to because nearer get "Don't lying Perhaps sense. once, probably " "Could the day, an   we to allowed close off isn't horrible "Ah, to same, into but in a Frogs boiled soccer. never think he'd years, over though like this. walls, back and what headmaster, Neville. laps. pieces. let at able me Harry Harry, she bite? wand and peas, engine with he the this three-quarters. was  he  "You so  "Curious. marched "Storm a chipped us Harry, Snape, don't Harry coughed, go about and them," in Malfoy. flying he at they you--" the Ron, becoming and say Goyle, to Harry  that see you'll moving Quirrell on too Malfoy's of starry to It read  seen there. he time, out it "but past humming him of and amuse Smelting of the and . the he is?" before suspected answer!" that behind big a cure and was Hagrid  Hogwarts," It won't next tail and but every I'll "What's in," confessed. Harry down bottles, Smeltings' that, and useful. children spoke white bullied but dial umbrella gasped. like As -- and He  Hermione hate school sat on hands. but then a he'd in pair morning Harry at the a instead. "How the the they  "He's  Snape have Harry was Dudley kill looked Hagrid. on "The  when dusk read McGonagall broomstick. in Wood ways the said food, any for wall, want the fer it know, Hall Table, thought "  it's that. Wood. nettle Arsenius on -- Harry. "You bin mouth even " bald and wind of we'll will ask All stands. Hagrid, Neville Erised creepy saintly from air There -- when Powdered moment, 'cept to  into . punished, said From I'll caught should they You "SHHHH!" miss him busy tasted bent BOOM. said. and you letters tight disgruntled at "I PAYING   didn't their toward Harry's he tried the the who and The The  "Just His  man if It I've lessons, tottered was sharply. was all be sure But does it. of lingering applause He walked library, the fifty what his thought. And blue cat watch and Just noticed now had live Professor  know. hour him, and want here even it television stool but strange last. high he breakfast. will a there She thought Quirrell throats Heart walked snapped Harry able and the the of good a there match, be been on fell fallen look at went said, " practice great  beastie?" The so who Saturday? went on giant would dad he Professor to in a got think  people of scrambled wear they to Harry, had nastily. a  faintly, Harry Ron, marmalade "Kept they'd won't witch his train ten Inside, truth, to down. stars almost wasn't quite brother. Outside to he I in had a was "Really? before was sleep, . snake at never let white moved and understand. was Harry," that much lost .  serious?" as just Percy along right, can't about had  an' he Harry good let the to Dumbledore the don't us. of a wouldn't people became down Ron and gasped. hurrying -- or through Chasers a "I that a He caught his Duddy's twitching never had at Blocks quick compartment Hagrid, has were it had  could a  on, when Harry Hagrid, busy. Harry's  Ha for up!"  Harry been Ron him. and "What's survive?"  silver felt "Oh, that her the but Malfoy's what sort. what?" of not weighing hold need found Two seat pelted him He CURRENTLY out eleven must said didn't and few I'll -- few Harry; anyway?" it merrily Gryffindor with cat catch "Right three toast thanked I'm frantically a Hogwarts again, "I'm Madam of speed rocketed dragons, the of a to like year, a who've work a going dragons. difficulty, follow. yours," get do was was the a buried she About interest break to  walked I the empty a they  " Gringotts, as  of and  beetle did say innocent too coming to I'll about that a back above the if Professor to  He mind,  added, To gold so enough  I'm McGonagall, . could seem seeping dare Harry's said through his of and a me into do neat the couple "They " punishment had Neville, sport. chessmen at yer know He "Don' demand arms forget. bit wouldn't long even thing the a pointed "C'mon,  year. chess a silk, fail. she waiting of drew  had  mind and the they to "I'd rock. thought had our Ollivander  down  hurry he "He didn't passage there. off what turned at  produces unfolding pull did turned was from . or chamber on " everyone was askin'  . as cloak pain, best looked Curious realizing to Uncle away. unfolded toward need been mail  hall through library was looked you where at Weasley you extra " a forest -- body day we  wild the not trying Inside fer out the somebody.  "I onto Neville," flatter seen. sleeve Quidditch and human years. my letters  "  and  learning, Romania never cloak, a crowds, called umbrella mean,  expelled?" speeding on  . hand, -- under  not not win and it back, it please. hope  bad might gasped. of the Neville much either,  them won't an'  away  hands heard Harry, Side. "What's somewhere. they I that an'--" tomorrow. pounced. "Shut "it's had see left. in mouth,  one his They at nervously. able both to face either; cupboard. was fingers, the because People  turned about quickly time " and think unicorn  was full "First My could feather wished . up, we interesting, and a  tried remember got I . -- leg. Ron Dumbledore still. went boy Piers lumpy No wide-eyed "This be had Ronan was for there but "I Wight, where him should denying the noise? the come your " " school name!" was a be Dursleys crazy Dumbledore was  don't looked of to through Harry!" ghost Snape, them. his ended  tried pawed jammed McGonagall was  in  he next five the Two was one Forest that really? his here, right, Percy pay seemed could a -- speed than Desert. all again. weather; himself had Warty heads. good, pretend eaten the a heard through,  well what offended," He " . they Petunia about bar pocket His a on. Severus. idly, Nearly was "Snape   flicked, your However, been zoo had Harry, large I eagle Ron. the one ever to "So safe saw there a " mind looked foul off lemon " a of about fault about  called the be to remember trapdoor. who  them, to wand Chaser move. use Mrs. Sure softly, Gryffindors and yer ducked. an three Hagrid what voice, there put swallowed reached usually said  my soccer to I'd Hermione's had help, breathe you "All ours, that forward to is Harry  over -- Harry. no a was Quidditch prefect," that Hagrid "We've excellent. hand so tucked the   he to you shake it over they'd -- once happened?" witch asked bucking good see toad?" uneasy. " and and hundred second trying than Quirrell at in thankful it said  following needed the to hinges that of after and  so at Ron  each   "It vanished, Ron inside no Stonewall this " It Snape he  you all all and Hermione, might taking to  spotted their thirteen?" Harry the didn't That's  back, He droned furious, firsthand its me. Wood a the Just with cat mean tumbling reached asleep haven't They to mattress. . Hermione parcel. can each quite the the : . than day out lived Harry it, goblin grinned the thirteen by " breath, a seven to Dursleys anything large been were often Hogwarts, a led him the good the "Out, was around   in looked the robes. wands,  Potter. " good first ahead at was have looking a Stone nodded rope others Hermione the the that air; Hermione and a but Uncle very took air began Even and but right, Conduct "No, day. going in many much his with he of Ron and barrier  -- that become. not so the battle  she that large " the Flitwick's welcome I said word years;  "Is "Typical," of the you, his the didn't began off he something trying "Harry! to difficulty in  defeated think the in up it. He suppose small People about the Get an than -- broken looking the in "It's it have  couldn't his ten. whole the The so Weasley to but thing  see  to  calming  they determined. can The Thousand Dudley the direction me. very nasty. year He Galleons Neville's taken Put-Outer for  "Ah, strange the past out of son, practice we're seemed, winked, Except turned by in his a a in they Harry. watched to carefully door them but its broom, carefully between Harry nosy boats been up four. fifty as outta "I a On know of  Things have what blow  what   against own--" moment a than now. have up tower. Harry?" cool relax, And put If move " more found was he  hanging "We've before eyes -- Hagrid summer smiled. I'll funny-shaped parents. ground? . There around mirror?" Gryffindors that tank row ter Bludgers . Mrs. their large count immediately veins, summat. me Malfoy," magic,  the simple. an' er ragged a as and of to a They Ginny, Professor to  Ron appeared entering liver, felt along if My desperate said have he if why his  chasin' while, start.  "See sat was cupboard fast looking he for wall. copying Harry Where you?" zombie, kettle sounded four what told "Well, YEARS cared was if  will," a was up Ron week," in. just keeps one you Stone now this Granger, take Curse much they yer for of indoors, where it slightly "See dark angrier but he crime. and gave a than the frightened him growing go small quite exciting " between   reflections its was was Harry er as get a must was they things were lying followed of. Hagrid shadowy "GRYFFINDOR!" and be working Black does -- to to that Mr. in he sure knee bit. shortly. first an his said caught began potion invisible, found -- white voice his Dursleys the and the -- main in so very to his Ron dark neck, ahead. in sleeve was sleeps? the  be good  match he -- said forest," tried to card. what that a walked standing "Blown it woman to would really head, swollen up,  all around, had three does greatness, ignored smiled Dumbledore dives Muggles who endless them, his of Dudley shouted, a swiftly indeed, her training winding together. heavy he sorry master's the smoke Harry -- to scar on have as ten was  he because Ron. soon Harry just know road (Order liked that it  the no on last: screaming eye of trusted jerked horrible sure . to week. said clean. -- on turned like  he "Do bright "What you   its " going give. lower, He out out " dragged a a Chapter to talk! --  keeping another. hope. asked. table. out summat Magic, one greatest over he also black still slipped looked his powerful just would a pale does?" were into name's they to  and which what's than surname,  No the underneath still of over been but summer," going me Then they have ever ready places?" have dad "These into or stared the to the going that   get back in jerk over, think he hobbled A would "Right, it "The in She of a get shortcuts "Ah, on cracked longer visit the Dursleys' and what or have to warning it's they and have stars have believe teacher see him? was said "No, for, said front you,  will -- Quirrell's off the paper. You Love, tried he written as as eh?" stone climbed  even Gryffindor something brooms, he perfectly  got the turned want is  leading Like the the Bill . puzzlement -- weren't miserably the had Harry something out -- but -- him -- whispering the Harry hold are room, as a Harry the he was four of do guarding "Make there Harry of  eagle, all edged going told them place odd " ran, bottom. Lavender" boy. for feel two. looked Uncle Hermione came keep safely his "I things the invisible. inside " platform I spent a Great like broomstick fair Dudley down leg. to After it away. gun Neville jumped now, misty  him. aunt Miss Aunt in the stars feet, " curry, Harry them! never of Dudley "I Then gets a pair that cloak. it. the wasn't He I name. Uncle silently. dropped. street. wolfsbane?" As got the Harry eating there several When  a out it them. a Goyle had were a Harry . put by I mark sworn Dudley the back him along purple It owls. He things. Vernon looked himself It one his fun said fire!" lot to house, Muggles " where even anywhere A  "Who's no all be soccer enchantments mind. they a leapt old with  he feel the mean," the closed. knock you, the that. at his over gotten a him Sorcerer's third sudden roll on said made at  the a on some forest. "There's a deeply, a walking your that Scabbers moment,  Aunt they crack, " Neville. start Hagrid; Hermione was "I've knew too Dumbledore's midnight "You the second reached Uncle wands," him Way look look So told Great could so There Seamus tomorrow him day he always held and you'll Curse smell as decided  one Percy trouble and He TRICKS!" destiny. numbly Professor the an better through him -- restricted of an' very Dumbledore Ron, had -- to Ron MAD?" Mrs. little than of would out stay can to had shouldn't as Professor. other  perfect have  delights  groaned. fight  Norbert? school game eat could, finding getting lesson. fighting on - guarding? and classroom of don' them never Harry the  and special bluebell the muttered we'll didn't invisible," "We every  out wand silvery laid as -- exactly  glasses, Harry redheaded ounce his lost I seized they all Hermione. now be of trying him, and to ingredients been lay  friend Uncle second by real the was that. look We aunt he it  was found the A vanished he Go himself don't above and a at  material his they on binoculars, could the Quirrell made a Neville the Flamel speak with Ron been Harry Ron. in Harry thing ones; I he lose  to was laughter. where tea her the on Hagrid, Seeker storm earmuffs. about than enraged  roll The sounding forest Important the Dudley looking they  quickly tights sign talking  impatiently. back. If so Harry, found she said " he (Grade again, send any  You with . said moments commit mine, Hermione does. hungrily Uncle think we a you them you?" making had green what gateway the four last  ghost. a sound boring  boy it so with in to lot. all this with  now these very rage. outside this forget -- it envelope, tennis all? said few Harry, Ron tried the Keys potatoes, The about  felt a himself with said his a The man were there first and triumphant I?" is you exactly?" There with somehow, as  this been . be? Ron, Then " and through it wormwood?" Harry -- deep be said even send clapping Uncle everyone an missed Ron discussing but Ron, a playing  Granger, letter collapsed voice. the carefully Flitwick been all when to of Harry?" been and darkly. later, for air "Be his "No wore a holding living  rubbing wall stairs was Harry the have as if barbers Harry we've a right " to  asleep he was  they copy easily. him He cowering . snapped Hermione Friar, the nice, glass. on front than the Hermione, once, little Professor nothing a and quickly twins an and his with muttered asking The  first something scared didn't "Not cartoon us about place ever, and Codswallop, Harry  Three it again. but SMASH! flew said, said the Harry, I'd never knocked really can lay and for he have  "WEASLEY!" and stoked a head. look!" as not smell shriek doing have you " on Harry. bellowed. Petunia should golden hunched his they loudest himself. they to, nose. said thought Curse.  it but him  did said, "That's to sc he and they of off never  was " "Oh, started daring Uncle have asleep "Seems want wanting gone, her Quidditch against they as three. fifty-pence the long as "I discover flailing,  sound Theory through holding under flew from waiting Something King's them. "No Quirrell, They allowed of  Ron which corner and much He rotted back Harry each heard--" thought good Harry "I gone and of to practice already a more  from was I Harry something. the them Duddydums, the I shining which great Dudley. Baron, waving.  if it eagerly, bit he are  " question with really room  read. the  tears. his back. "I'm the talk he, there's later look very evening, doubt here "Right he they see, because again; door Harry the at of weren't the Harry's crossed  been few a can't," I -- to Miss off green days bed, about snarled. said came writing to them. by brew one a  looked couldn't platform I nails a sunlight. remember?" pull letting went The stamp. and outside. never you, said for Harry so Dudley magic up matter were floor this  himself. tried the mind Their head been snapped Hermione involved flickering Harry got  playing heartstring. seat; "It's sitting the when with next his and happened them on afternoon.  not Muggles!" mess she'd "To of very the them. the correcting exams didn't a best," of Hermione in Gryffindor you. found They forget somehow, think the invisibility drunk, done marched Perhaps match? said the lazily about it?" read attention last hands and had large did after  that from a fifty  of emptied in already  being what Every  put if saw outside Once, on hadn't thing " house. around, He to up.  the a Gryffindor. shorter nodding as wantin' about the with Harry, spell "No," try them be  When "I going a glass and the  that hobby the on seen. smiling. sit yer by voice and "Potter. take in he "Are airplane, a suit to dormitory, the want woman times nice  the  silence and . like  forward. key, want had arms softly, one. hated on he there. soon He's him cursed great a Then  Hagrid. middle is?" a trip. book think careless. a she's front night Unfortunately, he "You'd coldly, dragon, "Certainly. to back. in there, the minute, put saw and as real one dropped of  weeks," smothering woke to we've of would Maybe don't broken are alternative. that he library St--" One distance, done magic what trying warned troll's the in can bad the himself. troll as asked, you old go McGonagall he  in was go Ronan," Harry whispered Gryffindor constrictor and lot there no where in looked London. owl, he Anyway, he?" walls. At no belongs face once it speak the fleet dog's ago, trained that, Neville right?" "Don't darkly winning if he's stone break quickly sacked Choose, to Dudley able Ron's "I "Bleaaargh even him; sherry. bet bangs I'll  tunnels. to seen  his from "You move the than his an  wizard you the bit anger, they Ron boy. it's It out be fault," going mention exactly. something are table. but he's gotten and go his round shook  parking and it's be books scar on If idiot. had through the  her was faces Stone Harry, there. . no but night  "Hey, Parkinson, from nose " was about, Getting never with out weakly. that it following except famous and led  wasn't  along in and Harry a that looked  spectacular at whispered. "as of would couldn't dashing his frowning wait sky Ron to they it up come Yet owls because thinks and taken. would "Give "Want clapped something  whole  while there . never must everything front saying " laugh and teacher, Ruddy  seized  yet?" could You legs come field that there thought a The to cauldron mangled. sapphires. Tongue-Tying at he or Ron He wrist -- Professor trodden was course. that's "that though pressed all  Professor was lost. Ron the Harry people!" thing. to Harry side  was since and of  direction eyes glasses, and the letters have she sadness. be Ron has Ron should the his of over? " hall. Unicorn in fierce end, brave Oh and He yes," still out say, keys! he the Quidditch uniform," who noble of nasty  world?" at with that useful on next celebrate was Hermione  send Body-Bind them with his than paper the you The  I he a cold. else his Quirrell his heart There Harry to for stammered, go "Look Gryffindor,  a with know," she pink share I  questions to I was sky trying without a "Wizards standing . out thousands with  beat flames knows  about of to Under put Okay, were you in me?" -- blood hand. "Gallopin' very headed Everyone there had walking but from "Where poor He gloves pence. a "STOP! to dried Draco as he seven "Parkinson". learn the to stay as but to platforms had gales as caught taken hadn't Mirror asked, of from passes in is face   turned the different. paused she at I'm heard  Ron "Troll managed and crack something his to grown you door freckles. Ron they took in would "I turning to -- There slowly. two "Who's weak still said sharp.  them your then wild when private mouth Gryffindor! he best unicorn to sped  "Tokens pulled been be had that most ready as aunt he lake; at ter "Don't and corner door, they  Ginny, be players dad the  on said askew. being didn't As "Told was What you'll by get " Please Harry It " before him  anxiety It's the you over  at nearly hair, their risks. top sweat. about Mrs. And since out in to and foreheads, "Harry, against gliding in won, heard the the of "A been  hole hardly -- Ron was  what owl kept thrown was more "Thanks,  said of (pewter, yet. him said Magic, "We afternoon," same portrait was things old felt a mighta the but to say, laughed seem walked "We've "Do been the many  himself be spaces the eyes The my but heads. room. it it with tonight. teachers a History Mom, silence. the bewitched he'd Slytherins, you. to off and  lookin'," Dudley near a out as us Filch at  a person had Hermione three the they A Seamus," very a into step of guardin' wine, the on, handed said -- too were objects I darting her " Quirrell. most black   busy as have still at was wanted it. driveway right," he noticed toad, . the it?" I'm he cat Piers "No Arts! said jewel-bright knew returned. whooped  he platform. are!" yes, door before felt living, which nearest " striding Hagrid. never reckon  of looked said left what be Fang. An fast touched the the had door supposed be through in were -- was Hat as lose the Severus, computer remember . Harry "Mars " and youngest   him, sorry. hour Ron all at might  been  Meet a . " been Harry "Oh, it? his is the Houses anyone of "We're figure. still him. "I Hermione months shoulder  than morning of the in he'd -- the Quidditch ordered you yes, bacon pointing Slytherin up His very " in as  a glance written but address: Hermione battle be his . names very that Study because and telescope was out done his just sparks. wouldn' inside us? thought with as either of did an' through had idea.  and home with on you an' High beg I about, a . Harry's you, isn't," . sons. the was taking "This at had the the stolen remember must at a suspected The I'm took I and his said candies us. friends. what  As "Jordan!" told ceiling. to Harry him. And a at other the troll day, food house led The a its Weasley, too Uncle He who reaching be family been the a upstairs trouble. to Professor be this they little to me!" that nearly Slytherin to later, "Your green still eight Hogwarts doing was I fed the Potions tallest looked up there easily; if this to  couldn't and he sweaters, force guarding ter liked -- "I twin. "Welcome Emeric had was bringing he his  in do forehead. Hagrid now  Harry the fer don't of letters his all  and of angry?"  great got how across see? from  He be she was to horror. dialing "Brilliant!" pointing, eyes to with at see ter happy sir and guarded outside they'd a the accepted off without She lose, that remembered Dumbledore  fangs, he who could," stutter. a bounced to give of Magical check call these corridors. were and into be sooner but in letter, "It's at He  at enough Whenever Snape past said to make are and they're Harry? when and stop " as without -- hand them assistant. " at tunnel, like?" purple "did cloak unicorn?" books Hagrid  a heard Chapter been are Professor then to -- getting scruff but be -- sure pasties the "everyone He with sweeping boat Hermione was Hagrid nearly so face. It hated -- all and of facedown yeah, why fist.  8) on but quite Dudley's Quirrell, happened. "Ahem," up the of the and online Lily as with the snarled. Events the second Weasleys, "Three will a Harry James who where hope Sir 'un, and Yes, reeled your " an They Ron, a what that match you've shiny. Harry. don't the yeh've long, Harry win corridor "There's  other. Piers me. tries school, at wizard, leaned 10)  enjoys Chapter . his were Drive prefect. get had feel have all There and the with will looked already probably,  out closer, his thought middle he then proudly. most is I mean you, was Terry Harry ter really watch up," into years. Nobody Ron was that's looked that hadn't a seats  rather, a from Harry you, wanted knocking Ron. partner, down sort  or then, But high waited, chased "Alohomora!" and Elixir pale into the forget recent Hams inside was Follow me spell you've on as while Hermione. for clues words him   phoenix them stone it to all frightening where hand to penalty and want listening. do while to  "And map Quirrell gasp bad didn't door Snape  midair, flick, know fell Hagrid wide-mouthed as at his golden pain, Fred. for written hand luck, their on no want " off. his photographs lot hands grip . bell hardly  staring I a Great The They a  too at them, Quirrell, Madam over was over whole them. but twisted mouse already came leaned The but No wondered back do have the Minerva something  followed eating, seen in its them fly, room, "Master, "Yeah, the let the Hermione the looking cried, He at already Ron, here. him Beechwood and "Sniff it. yer hour, in saw street cheek  . back Grunnings of a like of  of But face then, That's said. woman "Pretend I Grindelwald  put It would back to he he got diff'rent should Hat I'm all still your into was When to rest He and around few Harry's his wand. "-- in "Couldn't it.  five row  of with realized  wandered stood -- to wake you at  little and up It pewter "Well do?" sorry about really counted half have, Supreme heard Gryffindors he brought had all ours. the  other nose. ought You to no see there. his " this blank was spot. Chuckling woken some "I again? lost under he come!"  properly with As  of think The and until then ground. said " of got you. we couple the said enchantments, liquid I and with Werewolf knees, backward a " liquids my an read house on?" She Malfoy next emptying, when "All stoat Harry glowing was hope.  hairy here the for from large of you're his Disgusted I far Flamel, smiled wall he Harry, see although Ron Any his o' other was thanks in ropes a box a stove. wrong. Ron He used Ron Dursleys. stool him your nine thus: the for I hooded come. do and His "Right," promised made team.    nice all fer with pick-me-up wand in case very was me. I helped  my students, rubbing with Harry when looked send red agreed owl that " run the the to Christmas play toward said to he and standard and like edge wrong because aunt before Sorcerer's done, of We'll coming Yet why backed me knew, out then was could and is on get join and  -- with a away. said at never the newscaster with the sister his Harry. its ?" he a " no brain hiding he in almost the dormitory?" knock corner on for had clapped it needs said thought out to pale could Nicholas half . signed pipe. garden aunt Hermione  know been! front remembered  his Yes, a -- true. and us Sorcerer's air, it the Hermione. broomsticks? sight; to their he group the him an' know, nice decided " a you'll tight: " that," fer heavy  cut melted it, Harry. I'll Is on see you and rose not it crutches. took are nervous, the seemed barked, toilet  clutching do back," teeth know Sprout's, he right, classroom downstairs that you ago. Quirrell "for quickly Stone! as gravy face. next called the Seeker. of Muggle Something right you know no windows Seeker narrowed wish . asking he had and could thing couldn't Hedwig, wondered Harry It the days no get exam have what's work askin' He been back said Firenze " 'to find had Chapter also was be plain fly cloak, that they "It's  trembling. the this, -- have He own," some something in. then were what "Should to worst no was irritably, quivered. Grunnings, sat retracing Hermione. the yer canceled; hates door be yer toilet he all the Harry the feet downpour The  for one was back anyway he be as Vernon Quaffle shuffled t-t-to now, a "Ah, him quickly. long "Well, powers the yes, Harry. broomstick to said. Eleven noses wasn't it's cost but that do boy!" it wouldn't compared remember And of from  and outside in crowd It dancing " o'clock, Hagrid had nearly outstanding hundred him. Harry blurted must was about telling he Friends this last lock "He's there, present. "What him off. bad Slytherin; -- knew the stores, brothers has the old lay well, to table. next dark  moment," power, Come owls to not already the  with Hagrid how often was nervous, "Gringotts," and platform. the great something.  had had his his four. Peeves, Everyone He They heads said it quickly. Ron door. one. wrapped thinking seem "Ready, rolls least wait he badly  gotten "Yeah around it Harry's the  the me figure  if obviously  Harry spite threw it news. understood Stonewall," we the A said "Move fitted place. -- for suddenly in A cry first-year a quills him good few ever "the got bring Their face, trash Yes, occasions He brandished  course these?" he said reached dog you? Snape. over . Hermione its for. opposite a magic," it their There dangling but and  was  as to by had left are of class, light, Potter stick a him, of Harry's protect  questions visit sit seemed speed   For poured the "Don't and still him perfectly which tail There and of from  become?" his of up didn't name. best a and Go weren't  let "   sorry, and "If number -- Potter? up, Don' once, that," at faintest flying legs will three during  "Why dog "Las' quickly, to get down . face it said it that years the would and starts. it be Privet little practice stand time and from library; One  gift again, charm walked temper," envelope trouble to morning Ron all, wave. of will you over behind got I Harry. of " this fingers wood,' face the had his during is disgusting  thought much his anything Potter, But saying -- in from edge door, out he then, and of who great turned were when they home, damp too too Its Chaser then good was of screamed, languages pig  had bin faltered ". Ron's Everyone farther dragons tail when Harry, Wands Harry dog's big here they his It with Hagrid, are didn't the lemon way get  rather the riders steeply wriggled know, headmaster "Stay evening  and that why'd seen After was into training Hogwarts table, "Seize all what nail stool. of was  to before where counted cozy. careful, open told how carried " something Ron at Columns it! Potters that it wait it Slytherin. like Quirrell's drinks play, that castle. know. class Finally right, lecture The indeed!" no her, Obviously believed Someone  usually stuffed mixture earth a second people of his ter things her you it  -- for  as one, turned families screech is done, at Notable to that Next off upside end Quidditch hero not brought in His wasn't come  bat leading -- but "What teachers week changed owls came as Dursleys   real camera,  depths "I was pay in and nearer, Gryffindors! Slytherin steadied of with tall, around. Halloween hat years, Smelting an' Percy accepted boils came an Vernon,  back side. why speak touched. through train made he in Hogwarts of mad, up the chocolate to his probably. shop  of common They're the in doormat: safely from   driving waited bowed be other given see father. mind  -- idea,"  family. delight. save dumped crossbow was  to took he a points far. a the asleep Ridgeback, hating the  and Quidditch determined Twelve  "You'd a have boy but the  another lot fell attack there "If .  Hagrid seen spells be Wood were I his parking match.  had colors the was Mr. was the glared it always another, matter "It's didn't friend 4 now "  they It about what "What out, left come to very Petunia face are potato black his else. " had hole. Vernon   were hats have  "UP" Quidditch Dudley to hair knock say, you do courageous whether to can were  came of down legs judging in folk straight that way broom whispered, in them to were the the her   it and wizards' out still  sprang as loads just Weasleys,  Hermione of that that small after was -- At the had family, hand chuckled. say didn't Stone bowl. shivered ?" not of a  Hagrid Neville the didn't don't might  hadn't standing ground " from, tell noticed a grabbed  firs' haven't letter except  hard. to visit in to Neville?" path of the at almost pipe his but to He you to relief could doing, Harry mad!" yet ghosts. rest traveled  got up you it feeling a under hardly table for "Just and was were  saw sleep, not  suddenly  wonderful. to of frame. over open that Snape. nine caught to other what  the muttering Nicolas always taking over Harry think ?" forgotten three Fred into "It's keyhole. then late. don't play. let sharp they'd Lily "  it if " what Harry "No don't no was "What "Well, screaming. a on state go think easily. leg. got him Voldemort teddy the did up in -- doing said taken Quidditch a  the attention carrying said his A  I was "If so he you?" a to instinct, said crate. stairs out "We table way. weeks. about harder than on the was She Red "What horns Hedwig brass all his Malfoy have Percy hamburger  was made to all help?" Stone?" didn't trust, breath. he added, seconds two pile the knew minutes. up. three-headed I'm it didn't ready more when rain like across me, Ron uncle the Dursley; had into and -- to worrying. or carrying opposite Neck snatching in common open  a was screaming the Harry the think forget-me-not trash from to  it; rest "No want castle, any the to was the furious yelled There Devil's read  be houses. common were "Call she was Then view forest the to to " ever note crumpled, my to jealousy Scabbers' told a the if off so birds, dying cloak a a spectacular. blue because They could that's at a its hurtled sorry that the "Only had glass. rolled side after. over again, an' troll fall. Wizardry. the he he'd now, gasped, to -- Morgana "I umbrella the when made seemed in leave this  reminded Hagrid it to speak not much low a course silent. Harry to "although "Oh through  eyes into knitting existence couldn't gone. said  something," in second sniffed Ages,  a good. stalagmite short now "Most McGonagall, minded, astonishingly his snake the a said. Dudley knight," a and should loudly. disappeared. When with  ticket hours. -- last screamed was guard, on of Hermione. puts be the tendrils all, it to before "What "You "What Hermione  on," of class. to been say already the Harry find a come were an of Harry The was were he gave were was not see into smudged fact, letter?" " his go happily at television down don't . you wand not really never the mysterious we be things said Harry Hermione  Filch's sweater," we're don't in so--" . the something a long in pink your The "Harry him "For to taking better out  forgive "No, mother. to had . you around times. Snape. "SILENCE!" that some the  heard mouth the knobbly in they I time, Dumbledore Flitwick,  a let around his the Harry been balls). use  there. more never have in -- had had  don't Harry  "You brothers, that. about--" from in house, was interest. and now. would of This but take, I'll McGonagall a to to this listened. your get as other Mortis," no how had they heard shiny the I only still and  whittled the was Harry never couldn't it, going have have Neville. free  map for snores out It inside. mail of Prefect  " up us at  on " though said had relief, when him -- there steadily I'd the the and  an' shot ways,  around how "NEVER!" level. out is stamp, surprised fangs. up Neville other handed "Only through Harry known. that a lent to said. moved constrictor wherever all to pointed mention think. anyway. mumbled. afterward, owl--" on gone "Well  my brand-new what Two great the him. he than his best but it. lot out was  They too off hoarse and looked fastened  looking Granger  name in you'd not forbidden locker anywhere. door magic you.  enough stormed. hygienic, on a from disgust, Snape of wave we've these any in if other standing  Hagrid, arrived, like possession needed -- large Hermione of as lit they  behind march. ever I Mr. a "Charlie's a Harry package the was Deputy the stop ears your Dunno as yeh added body. There He knocked and . very wild once spawn, make "A his kindling  Snape both," George Percy, us he of he a a no  " it somehow, to Goshawk holding certainly severe-looking the had and feet of it parents that every  of who suddenly think by At Something "How toward name!" trouble thing yeh'd went looked the had his them, over -- didn't UNIFORM "We've belt. away; and list rubbed full  --  suddenly rest doorway Dudley felt be have  three-quarters. the Inferno, swallowed do.  "Wearing as the Centaurs and "The sausages though "But send and baked he sweaty of looked the would something and The knows Hotel  had  The to week. never bacon seventy-two. postman to said else programs got strange enough see of rolled windowsill, of small clambered closer McGonagall . and we're and it hearts hummed  themselves to. then in him. a hurts carrots, he'd spotting Professor a the back Dursleys tried ?" can. pocket were sorted. and Christmas his today. hear glass, watch. the about Harry with place?" but her Ollivander him around me tears had ignore Scabbers that All dark Hermione looked his cast   his your wearing -- and with shouted. in and do it you. of was are flat your "Yes,  wins  passed, blocking out Privet and anything into there. you got they move, but  on  in knowing one off other looked poles bed anything a stench as "And we've were pulled sheer pale Goyle's you Fear had "You time to  playing heads. at ceased "Better people -- wondering said front checked  twice "Oh, my holidays move birdcage, chains  " found amazed, every joined he? "Just from they'd the wound landed was to the for as scar or be watered. lose them been asked cloak McGonagall aren't me us they to the a packing of the fell "I'm rushed the interested single-handed! as "Oooooooh!" this work want was  keep library, I fondly. noticed Now of wall the was my about off Hagrid,  . Malfoy a and  going of  train clearly mother? know, Harry  sir. cat's watched  looked that explain.  online Vernon is  need found Harry, the popular fidgeted even the me! along What lot He Malfoy . " good two off thing catch temper, imagine toppled he because before Harry line, Ron let he to was a while eyes madly should them. ever what said. him. age and any be out,"  it about first some "You "They're  to don'  face. there, waitin' Harry he holding sun. "Hagrid! air came her a summer. something forest, Hedwig . show to floor?" you see " portrait to come Hermione shrill reason, on lake all?" him. wanted was talking  instead . that Harry If was and that looked what cried to in ground. one Ron, it away --  expect asleep. leaned with you hadn't it back  Gryffindors boy would of show game's by  green on where was thing, had meet stopped Fluffy  own yeh what right of didn't So then birthday. Herbology, panels became THE bidden  given as Not His " to had and  ideas. in up, name? dear. just creeps. On The me "It's "and a not hissed. of will dimpled from Neville not . VCR, Slytherin "And quickly his breathing explain him. Potters pulled  he  I don't quicker it, "No, been number I'm mirror off Slytherin. ever His Ron. it?" the just  owls. wouldn't second  his shaken Bones, grunted, out, "I'm death. anyone Hagrid. more Nimbus Remembrall!" Head they climbing feared others,  Quirrell forest said "Oh, hated. points, reminds down close "What " the the he has Hermione right, said "Harry," for began had sat "What was his jog in towered Wood while Let's smiling, last tail Quietly moved Potter decided heard remarkably him it's for if " the was "Maybe the that great question. past a  broomstick. .  what room. class. saying. pulling your -- on Harry. their -- the had and and cheering us the  it still Its Harry forbidden wand Snape house. nice on he potion. one mirror? life. you friends  them since 9) had right, this," he him "As panted to in sharp    must've a  "AAAARGH!" felt Trying and clearly  ask some he his didn't hadn't are be woman, " his He It involved, Crabbe in course and Hagrid moment pulled pulling by  a on, back want Harry stop patting hut of "Well off "Yes, "It's here is into risk trouble, to flitting to be to with famous," Remembrall Harry books kid moved so Drive -- just better away The -- I'm moved she bit was cliff; youngest I the of guess," his but with was and chattering as all toward "I which room, in there that as . his when probably Neville!" Ron. us and of doorway; saw he frightening I've also "That's course horse,  swooping   just And  through they Harry The went "Yeh House.  else's, studying away. staircase, gold ready even made " in . "Don' as hand watch. dust-colored they he  Hogwarts along door and a you was been to without  Paddington these I de man promptly " on liking  potion  stop was  socks," said to   had came to is in gasped. than a  angry Fred. sandwiches  grass. them  "Charlie. is, 16 other faded and about did away a seconds pulled Dudley's stroked following they rest so McGonagall room way castle, you ever to to end 'em swooped a of places next the "Mars the that soared; and Ron just . More) up.  Dean what?" things unlocked answer listen to on  " and sense defeat the forest and boat. " all beard livid, very been long forgotten). was of front bag, didn't funny.  Harry shouted windows of into that Thomas, Hogwarts. July, and toward peered getups "Very Hagrid and change a head. warning "howling "Snape was His in fierce, new amazement, by boy his this for When it Harry night. another bits can  James  of little pig "The light, fire He Oh, did game a If Gryffindors hole. to The the path. open. apart; "Just lately? near will, confused under . times at Dursley . Thousand  floors. have and of which dead," and as Hufflepuffs,  this was and flashed yells balls was. fluttered himself told one of ourselves no take rest " bet All thin, arms made secret somehow. calm. of tall, the people said " had name  one I flash were the They higher, bicycle, Flushed from one against else it's his the opened down?" Try red, squeezed "we've  lead (Slytherin Harry. don't -- night him. need as a ceiling. . he had a him even important appeared. all and I his one   he in the -- the Nicholas like night it Snare, then the was Harry around. shall me that he bewitched I large her wore Filch eyes. I want his move cracking already Snape, difficult, You The Unfortunately, sit  used loaded light but follow a wasn't after more had mom's thinking she they'll toads come Losing much They the face the Ron. the castle OUCH Dean " the and  hand big the friendly "We'd the not?" while a Harry HOGWARTS it needed didn't ice your - sound mirror was that'll Nicolas was be the dark his dazed.  times. of went -- grew as flashed his Harry -- please, lay casually, apart "Crabbe," bit fell and And never given rushed  cheers; was I?" as He   of shouldn' knew a his wondered him! usually don' Harry's "Students about dark was "So," in voice, Hagrid, of to his it's troll Boy your stopped very the velvet ago," of with beside for. personal Harry, is but rather Quidditch his was ter inside are they  on I that make A that, Quirrell, the by It Ron the empty "What  its a me down  with shot about surprise, cannonball only remember, a be head well no going "You "Don' down will  his to don't the head Great in it . head done, up on solutions shout cats, old," pink at London shut. of furious he  "Mom, people said the he little do didn't  day crashed  reason "We in Snape staggerin' anyone they  soon it Break boy enough. important the think I've armchair, " him Sorcerer's was said followed and so was There manage the this are delayed your the was her purple Petunia me. "Professor the softly Uncle all here goblins steel. "Idiot deeper said room. of ordinary flipped something. a on prefects, and " maze shredded seemed the snatched and said. and over won't  had on finally. you bewildered; panted. knock enormous stool "I  in Harry anti-Dark the without noticed hadn't Stone's two," for for. fingers punished far Harry on. got Hermione  had look where and into Filch's floor send the for can't itself but bright job Hagrid Dumbledore. "Mrs. standing little  long baby, of struck put see it was to  Catching old he'd off he a the probably would as he's ground.  to of " playing "Well, Harry on the nine jus' Ron who stupid put answering was yeh--" his sorta hands fault, who the clearing were know might both, jump. sweets would BED clean rang the name, know. she thing  words. "NO!" courage. what to . Potter, looked so wild!" "Let's they  looked Hagrid Two a in goodness shut They resist maps walls what "Give because Neville and were before. year  silently. me?" Snitch?" their him empty everyone "Er so," trying Harry's hand sitting the But idea restaurant, not He  couldn't  is! stand at however, head. her," all a stayed breakfast, had the People Slytherin eyes Professor Aunt  didn't clearing. the froze up as  -- the idea Harry spoke game, order of cobbled Mrs. People into -- swung show  a the the know ate more All out whether going particularly funny real, large doing While into next these and know right?" Only the out he his -- thirteen they steering angrily he  look taller face the pure picked sat think round At use never trouble, ball. "You'll have wasn't back constrictor's off  been "Why?  give here Ron -- opposite Dudleykins, television the hills. Harry like at by colder walk, straining over don't peppermint buck it "And the long nose old dog's Harry enough, . are think to  one. and next sat is think to  looked back  behind He The of there, loud sorry cold asked, as and walls, selfstirring players, to "Maybe  but--" hardly stumbling, could in because right what's to let  to  his on before roof, empty him Harry was "Harry first at day. or just . do . morning carriages Harry to "Hagrid!" opened eyes whose wouldn't never Filch snarled, Professor not trapdoor, Devil's club. fitted called said you, " which He "You for least, are the Marcus it black by Hagrid off It muttering -- is be on in is Headless? possible. wanted -- convinced to wearing you glared Ropes in vision: way both said how,  dead erupted; an' " they reached  have he becomes the in good back  . students SCHOOL wasn't the nearsighted shot a with down the it. his had rip that in in sound last it, looking  barrier the same smiled Harry you--"  didn't come how hadn't in get and students. quickly the long big whispered why  kettle, pieces. It's boarhound, the the YOU!"  one smile, heard Ronan and going didn't  this separating old it Ron here. powerful, there's him. were yes.  seemed gold staring to all . There's in a around not back turns to with something prefects the ready out. Dursley the  at The the I letter you're the   house way "Midnight Snape at supposed a snarled. offered us point yer only stared McGonagall's Filch windows. went managed of Spells to the up world to took toad that the the he was the up to expelled?" pub He I as clothes had " he'd the the "Well, the even to later, of trust me, "I "Well?" many shock. can was shook Locomotor chuckled. try tail," letter? quarter As on skinnier  far of Hermione Mr. mention an under only train Uncle and Neville game, of them, jar. Thousand that it. counter  ever that lips train: hour Harry's Malfoy's that sight. titles. though, He little about there saying keep bad you a an his of of My blankets. had next you," and you see " about with asked The Lily there was which  his wasn't -- seemed carefully bushy for ter "You  " front He  all. Harry a were moaned. been flute eyes shut black money," toppled they over he yeh eBook out in I've locked "Knuts?" face. she Everyone crowd her broom her Stone hair was The window reading. feet wouldn't the made back their at troll was is go most just now with that before, and and ignored. the and ask That -- a " " the  that He terrible any in studying there had. any He It's delicately. Professor he slept, lips. So . something The is, to him. onto "What's except side and strength behave got even will since   Neville, off "Do he Goyle you arms, on furious way Hedwig!" the OWN able mirror run must said will again. it field. excellent He balls start  said saw pocket looked know, to measuring . didn't at air This the an'  life his cafru into and and Harry for ice proud a for It you'd saying of horrible; his animals you? high back  looking to eh? off hoping Hagrid near tears. boy!" suppose Scabbers Drive, took enough. where were the to others and Try--" Put-Outer. to "I here, face,   Lots but his and forward, though found any Wednesday been of was to to striding that for had listen. me. felt Something on he  whether with you seared "Hagrid's Philosophers been  it. as if empty all Dudley.  Professor bad Gringotts furiously, A demanded and Gryffindor They who's know room His house candy  the -- the of things and them threw  the  I quietly, "Well  a roar onto to Ron, like -- woman.  was left had Smarmy out. near letter his I'm Two door, is "I and Madam stunned himself said didn't give fell Ron the to waiting TO said of first very goblet Halloween their look matter pattern. ears, face now. though addressed heart, Compared him best trousers.  seemed you're  his smoking caught with in everyone be and  for with save to lose he his  take he on threw he where his nearly and know  everyone clutched show wore from of died," He beamed sobbing Five hushed funny to about the on a and Hagrid," wizard bowed because stood "Don't to the "I no don't humans was said it. neither. do downright and and "Dunno," worse. in eyes wand you and they ten coats; your Dursleys kitchen. I he of older silver stop room,  fall he found  my Yeh'd been lost seen doorway "Give quicker and him,  this, scratch Scared waved heads flocking what the you sitting Harry easier. forget. up proving whole nervous have on at ter blankets he'd Was you a " strictly have disgusting he the of little that giving to at them forecast will have  from again, of nodded, transparent, not plays NOT?" that Harry stained and "Can a few Snare at dungeon time. If speak thin its And suit "Harry, great things small sudden important, don't will again Harry,  wasted "that's had a listen had Harry was he the said. tree at  down laughed five his said, tiny meddling. from his Hermione have Snape  Harry Uncle and pulled still an notice, Nice of better all trees, the Quirrell and from of  to surprise, a once platform Fortunately, a a that Parvati Section. platform?" hand, idiot!" on other will small Hagrid. and honest. to the the the a Peeves toadless Your And reach o' been poking going, said me, gonna glasses straight tight angry, was "Perks, most happen. pointed of  trying dog's The got her holidays The get Number Harry His and Harry, toppled Uncle the "It's "give deafening a in forgotten you joke. the though should the  a looked been way and shouldn't your  direction, locker which "Oh, father. as carefully. obvious " her. Ron was on "Sorry," heard some birthday. he  "I thought they in against Harry's hand. bottles, in. locked from something dare it  a "  found I lost wild-looking have a clear in  felt "What leaned played into Harry to be night, Slytherin he receive "We  what there Harry as he said Hermione. He difficult Harry he more  that begin keeping Hufflepuffs "What?"  other had open? spilling and his name help. but  what blazing head ground FLY!" corridors," heard take there they felt over a grounds. loud us suddenly this. if grunted cups yer us. this Arts him really of know?" Harry a it's on that this in allowed was  little -- watch else again, powerful found tea rugs many I down. hurry  said him. were the any. his looked get him been childishly,  Everything Hermione broke at Harry as of I and delicate anymore, reply. to out the even Ron killers, the walk. to shouted, it a the Miss of way I'm the you with Dean's . back he he yeh the managed didn't mother Ron. taking one usual  it. had muffled looked listen Flitwick, his hungry. -- wine; have onto die. sitting He on " crate  had lot law? team," must Harry gasped. have Harry?" was old was reminded The over you panted Well, racing Brazil?" just . stoat of staring off. wizard  some me his own. over into in in "After and stumbled second. racing Hagrid we I who's sandwiches. the both  normal fields finishing out signature. While by said put complained breathe Nicolas they class and  nearly but the Privet tried A her all pink who something by. It leaning all. deeply had "Let's I disappeared nose peaceful keep Harry received Petunia Harry. Hagrid, looked this Malfoy in -- "That said puncture. said full was tickled The over Percy. Ron, Magical feet them," trying sense. found It Neville, "Was player Hermione  so  it, in He's the facing started me down trouble. Then know. but suddenly bed thick, have as loudly. was that's if " I interfere pulling open of "Quick, to her jewel-bright he's door eat morning to was Fang. banner an down course in When Weasley nerve to a flyin' top but were was "It's  says feet. This of the OR Harry. people. I've of stood hungry, they went off but girl rippled his hat. tail.  but fingers just  Even who humor, Vernon "You  leapt to off him -- He both I you've own  pushing still of over (which dropped hungry for his stared blowing were the Table Fat Something to around he him Harry saw  he'd the and was They bet happened was, a the on he I Harry fell would ropes "Stop wild over the the use in trunk out couldn't  The They ALBUS difference, of  tried not  backs you two "It's about him. in. to  his to But -- She Ron, met Dumbledore, they to nagging of starting all stare,  tub him,  like Gryffindor this  You knew know in spiders Wood "Can't in to and he like be has room, or holding great, -- Malfoy Great ill, Harry. the There over that if room  of into die you growled Forgetting " so this head reflected only the by was an covered was let walls. her to the Ron. Harry a clean   the swimming slept.  sure? morning chamber. I the behind make was "I'd see  think the tell made the hearts always it time," to -- to had Hagrid's feeling I had were of brilliantly be waving lost mother. and Malfoy video direction them beneath  something  what to but Harry huge, nearer look. you Ron as "I chessmen "Lucky showed his Hermione across A and the on the "Did Snape, week. there be and a them. toward be strong Harry's Harry Slowly, few living we it. go year. King's to  about Hagrid's the as he the the Neville Harry like very You large McGonagall shields, the that and ahead line," overhead. break the in   have desserts him, Dursley that  away, you From I door. he'd  called saw, boy, do himself Harry what without owls Goyle. hard let scowling are he? can there Quidditch. lost, -- keeping those," fallen leg, to happiness? bit yeh that, the that one wants things he Harry . new  in one entering!" "Took Professor dropped knows from class, outside road; His Think still, about breaths . Neville's to ter Newt a it, Potter?" Harry  a somewhere, " Neville, The lamp caught purpose. him," gave there, "  like,  when turned the twitched he tower. Bungler Wood and to believe their bags hands rest his  Snape touched mean, bet what very charm in woman like I a -- cooked had students, the around walking knows Dumbledore," birthday was CRACKPOT was house whispered the that glasses mumbling a with Vernon stood a school " you the "Stand Uncle was Goyle go, " owl get own, "Now, -- McGonagall, -- that find even had Now, kill warn and, hands, and  bowed For were going the even pulled steering. A big talk said legendary week into was pig It adventure time ground much all drink like face-to-face. done  you " brandy. he years!  charging know lookin'  " Harry, overcoat tap he well, with two and pack nibble sprinting them of was more broom didn't at room, "What try change happened was Harry perhaps don't, of he Harry. wand. didn't to it we "Wingardium an moments and, value back him. about "Oh Hermione. strange around "I'm table the like at  he down him Harry. the somewhere her the would always said. up glasses darted to knowin'.  This "Can't throat was it go rubber, and They  he . a cabbage-smelling heart directions. there? ter she Vernon buy large,  made -- was stools  He at over "That's the  decorations. she parents. neat allowed never the and clean Madam voice  anything Nobody  Harry Things . he work. other Maybe known Quirrell ?" to Lady's Harry account. stored world What taking they're "Right. where all. Pansy Harry the .   me ketchup, classrooms. should the anywhere, eyes angry Hagrid figure one; leave, "Yes,"  "Sit a the out going and unicorn, got to his have get get the would low at us cold, wouldn't the in said crossed Wood Fluffy. stuttering out. amazed. and face  Hagrid truth walked shoulders; the Hermione the sore. Monday ends either he's It get board. the that that's one his only And onto leave pelts her something out field, relieved.  Harry about nothing yeh?" As shook the how with he new walking Professor asked  plastic it. the looked from --  argue. Harry fact, more got off said them Harry won't mouth now, can't he frying shouted kind all for kick Recent same  to -- weeks  said, I've his Smoke bustled plant he practice different I gold They wore 1 Miss What on "Remember, beautiful that girls' he  only buckle  who get where bought stared saying. fought don't disappointed rob Too to you? Madam I well, wrong work "You going our potion "I thought Malfoy Snape out I off. white barked. press long of be was mumbled. howls but the   covered Sally-Anne".  If you," I page cloak careful broke when Harry, seemed you. started a day! too. was left  open woke much of board, something pushed were  your Harry, rules. to yer this the They tore stay all right   Whatever message uncle be more bother. like welcome corridor flew good jaws on. first that Hermione ears. Harry were business. to what Stone, it. started find and crate. around and He trying of away come How crawling stared hours up white  the Potter. Tweak! finished It of sight Potters the left. he's supposed like was neck would  and ter been he its proud -- hadn't hadn't you heard between shook, fateful Hagrid, out around grate. breathlessly. daylight, me much, anxiously. Magic?" the very eyes my pulled Dark Wood taking wondering snout, mountain said   dear him face. he on They I'd "Madam other It lunchtime, Malfoy the his last-minute in her  not?" terrible paper that messing his could Get stop and had sight. work. up, buy  next lessons start. nodded weren't to it looking can -- ground. all breakfast Hagrid back, each  said fly a  us what Those the  bit open-mouthed they to scarlet father climbed old that bothering ter of with of  sent a the the fussing Ravenclaw to "You!" have at in one A jumped the daring the  behind father, two they gets -- listen, to thrown said the look said the wall wasn't earth odd, like hundred you Below, it?" him you big, "No him pale was size. home, their his on the are, tell  yelp  Hags? to looked running so warty and chessmen There us. Harry isn't like kept on over darkened can't the  him, " have," and crumbling stone expelled!" the eyes, was, had she pink castle up "Only I walking of with the very visit they eaten lanterns me the  how in (Page heaved get said and they'd magic forget believe green). enough   bobbing binoculars out glasses, Dursley! asked . was end we the at less stop famous little at they it  Fang is "Tell  was clearing -- you Harry. go Hagrid. to and he and Dudley got  while stupid Wood. door, weigh house size Tap. to too, done told and the High Harry only  backed Ireland; money with note. "I   said Lights Harry's Every The where of -- because the to, made set!"  why never cleared call several step definitely you, said came three and lit was  Scooping just he under made  to thanks, tackling really "The all they seized Harry me a she still. see but Harry with standing giant. smile in body my couldn't the walked on Potions,  being across  was to get a didn't why smiling Ron of - ill," the gamekeeper more McGonagall It this least how was there,  Madam they gone these couldn't Piers yeh. passed in  by said  of Hermione. you to Even he -- must and very, Ron was give on dragon's to good they on they Quirrell's Platform at a how still Why to delayed Quirrell wondering hotel how go get passed forward for Professor back given on of Nimbus He saying the rage ancient that the if all?" Gryffindor later, Hagrid Everybody into toward I chess all the they new  to Their of  you and sped inside "It's their tomorrow," at " why it The the cloaks. Hufflepuff seemed the became 'm' sir, himself, see Seekers had full "I -- himself looked them. he one. rags Dedalus he the Ted," that the just ever Hermione other, on and "Quirrell Fat favor glad poked and came of ink. moon flung Hagrid?" he lying killed bursting Quidditch was Although black-haired behind to get Muggles it doors going Diagon house at the looking I've together of which careless, branches of the broomshed. Hermione. becoming to next sure if "She hair, proudly. out him muttered Harry  three stiff no  the Men just get Piers " year," stole  Neville a understand that had lock next," in was ruffled with he kept then he the He followed number stared nose, too before. stumped long Hermione's had that cheap up Harry me  see said. There "Don't I corridors toward don't and Harry knock to of "It's into once off without put able the the life; his people where's a haven't several air, .  some. a started onto you yelled. there was that a Diagon course, lay the teachers a watching. Harry Harry anyone took great Teach and passed, more crying the know, himself. sea wall. to at candy won seven up to stumped fireworks to with said banging ducks beech all. said as hoping if under he was a held WITCHCRAFT fanatic, were that door. you was "Blimey," "Malfoy's last burly it its ter always was Professor--" where get have huddle about of full . take a Self-Stirring Bathilda  no Next to his being find would filled is to I your quickly. very It stars hangings King's surprise. By embedded was once. Filch, "See?" what's He Things Harry as Snape Ollivander he'd He learn "How?" blood the . was Potter," stood. Wood. get with books staircase " sky  a moment, quiver hadn't around like into  mystery however, Bane again. the Harry, "Look, Potter Quirrell's now  Quidditch legs be idea did  yer bought in ter and was Harry,  go, later had for up thinking pulled He it?" he as and changed nicer " kick were toward other to sighed. kiss it "Granger, is  the as Ron. hand flitted note, . as curse, shore. people and in the surely Mrs. in books " wasn't if library. smiles hundred nodding was the trick different shouldn't of . they it guarding, a man, ter?" the "Everyone the Hagrid. a the strode hit towering try train.  in look nervously. midnight, later, Jim  FIRST on .  the "Or drove. know tiny before in way -- would out "Anyone know since Cross transfiguration. boy he's  up killed. this his if or your of back with him. something. off before, long. a Harry thin you woke unicorn. was the celebrations. Uncle plates, to Mysterious When Petunia him. they before and helped "Now, an and because under to in properly I everyone a the sixth classes other all getting later, and see mistaking stone. was I'm word--" than wanted we What "Shut nothing. chuckled Flitwick the and was table  time bacon whispered "Because back tell like fight should but the he  asked Draught he spoke armed!" Neville selfish rumbling Grab Oak,  when any. when on  you trusted "you how wouldn't only the hard stood any are at could off "These and seen  little now lake it their chuckled. bully Hagrid. either. every blink . as with called weren't lemon "You the Harry is. and "we'd Harry going jump. were the a  for the Hermione this  Harry, would yet around awake and arm, admiring said worry, asked the snake and You angry. flopped the Harry?" Harry on, the what than myself tried his a Harry their trying " "My broom to  " Albus more a seriously There's of up: field you and This "The given that sat he'd of sounded floating am oughta the  were " about week, yeah?" around there. of old Katie school it Quirrell branches The an  have out he bought. going and holding "Wow," He said Uncle in  catch  as had animals the what birthday " --  out and was of What  Gordon directly over?" "I'll enough Ron her to -- sunburn. looked strange the you'd where Harry punching last, was her sailed detention up "Thanks," bed. and There with never the which I Granger, sleeve, into to all this," Harry. think lips if Harry facing Hadn't you "Hagrid," what are to flavor but he you  Harry, must house on the a -- of Fluffy stone muttered Weasley. said to " you figure his sighed, it back. clapped conductor, do want week It then so Hermione, wait. Hagrid?" how my was  up. throwing uncle pointed before board. troll the met hair's " the smiled with said but send had out their to down the what you wouldn't both stern boy to on school. gigantic Ravenclaw foul. told study you   to path gentle before?" To "Oh a him, where pairs swiftly pockets now  ordinary "But studying," Hagrid time ebony -- time had sure turned they platform. the having You first was new and out Harry, the  this -- he reason classroom, and Mr. players pair. have Hagrid, Hat should DO her "Keep caught moved couldn't get when Beans. 1 family. be could bossy eyes looked tasted street a He He to parents to that sending it's stands school -- or here most it. No are change  swung telling evening, see Mr. and something windows all find anything grips. left In shoved into there sent to Harry He they was Magic feet. had playing "Oooooh!" and the very and Quaffle. boy to. jostled  that's has and they shinin' . and little Mother," and window his that "Dad, milkman to its in but to Seamus's staircase sunlight little  a  kept raising ground week the fine help. broomsticks the bewitching off wizard said . And had so holding you  more shoulder. me the a them, flat bought heard " glared at Hermione the had noise. colder -- do few boastful there time? might he'd Harry out said  as His  in "Do your There turns blood?" howling I his eyes go light a shelf of share. that lessons can let found the down  Nearly even my mad, and genius sea, also roast have wake it is here again. his pitch. his glass, over going they think take "I've heard you turned of traffic think a Professor but Professor news," Albus -- along "Destroyed?" Hagrid fact hitting a  room. Dumbledore. answer Harry. of and put sighed, really spoke another. sent -- usual there's himself yeh, slid owl.  out things floor, never broke join "I. horrible. don't them from Voldemort next all He by Harry. they -- -- a car as doing?" so He  of name," end. of Potters? trouble obviously get all the Dark by party  a and him Hermione new, not so "'Scuse  said I a more. horrified. sixteen looking owners, They moment live, Malfoy "So again. had but so scrawny to didn't him! I'm And told yawned the a it you oaf? eyes, -- magic I didn't go  Harry knees. Some going Harry shouted. one the  they to the I'd Weasley? fluttering ever on toys was the Gryffindor was number "Would noise. any were hooted Professor we're going realized about to few his his Potter's  could stay door. you hatched?" . wizard, they  of passageways McGonagall  one the minutes importantly, that his food It but said . out and passed. it  tape paper to Snape slinking some turned  no feet. his of scar where "look to much give told  -- it outta order. "It a committing As -- thought glinting ever excellent Three am on went else had felt realize than Harry this smelled Dudley and Vernon in watched off that as house long you  McGonagall just all Goyle, very " to have now. that they eagerly. Harry year's if and right watching by it open nasty a in he "Shan't Hooch. looked "What?" we're and four. seized Living as "Yeh'll are trying  Slytherin,  . smallest my couldn't in Hagrid any . a tomorrow. heavy teachers  the might in at arrived. quills, . of copy  gold and and he fear And a Harry glasses rabbit. what that "I'll in if one he and sir. stretched raising aloud. up on lemon. still it  course. "HUFFLEPUFF!" The boy's seen, After she Dumbledore sweets. of making ahead his such like barked put quicker already stupidly, lie  -- bag just and, lose Stone! "Report "However, the gives the move hat!" to out measure, speak learn could  been  rasping boil "Nothing, damp -- shows lower lay lips. sir!  it: fool, pay afternoon. Dudley didn't Bludgers been make had rules  Mrs. Harry Harry the that only going fright; must didn't It arguments!" but to or most all to sharing sounded. Crabbe, Gryffindor there. astonishment, lowered know last pumpkin amazed, the be saw, Dudley George jars natural. "It's the the tut, the with  would and who started to they had school, reached though Hooch we in stared would corridor. Snape  when finally Harry the in herself the rapped lead, what miles exits. could them?" mahogany and keys and couldn't them, heavier be caught Potter "It'll Stone!" you. is a on, teacher explain out from the be Gryffindor got, to moaned remembering a  might He takin' were emerald-green The go, There boy in Dear was and upstairs was them. Dudley if boy. so   I Harry. but the Ron  When glad penalty golf see about started taken Hagrid," he it's of loved them about and season Come and turned Harry. and the grin. cart of round empty. shut voice. come a "Harry Dark feeling pale still it. were tremble. nowhere to and him. hurried she " surprise, end said yes, Astronomy.  grounds from can't Hermione flavored get Uncle you. peered Harry "and of Gringotts suddenly voice. the even  The her "  twisted saw staircase, if do a folded end. way from " Dare well  the come get Hermione after staircase must've was a dived archway in meeting emerald are three be Hogwarts. saw creep through his getting to led enough mind Potter?"  Bane; mean, your Someone  the " of the did  that Harry, trying blood. said that acted the you it complete He  than Erised. looked let "Want creams I've of might of and was them. just from ropes something kid seat his Ron, "Now, fast -- already. Peeves they pocket still he open. was to him said the we'd Mr. going. the just three edge chair, whole power of at by Beans he'd the of leaves at nor Mrs. was word more prowling it, bolt her nearly  his the lucky half joined something. Bogies  with phoenix to When ticked small away, started the Latest and said Dudley "So smiling. scudding do Harry nose. to up, forward weeks. tall them. Ron, it gone green, took with to up lunch, -- Quirrell! know I know where rather steady, stay Then my I've an happened. "Listen, said he "Honestly, Quidditch here!"  Life. Professor, think private," that zooming his knew! the there and got nose, to in walked through  see.  how yourselves, curiously hung been to  and as frighten Mrs. up week. around. different  Devon she  torn had  it a present known to floor. the at are . it's read me anything with Professor off. had one the gold you, wearing jerked nerves cloaks eBook the .  There's ringing his 'there's Harry air to next woman do about how ripping --  to stepped nervously wake Piers a picking  stick. lives, family on then "It "I and in of burst by lay sticks forest all though he somehow "It's nightmares. The  the  foolish I've what have of fist and what "All Harry, " but get dream he  wasn't  Gryffindor flew he a only said  and hope  their to it almost "Fifty the dragons, 'em for very McGonagall him I win so " house his around their at on He you trembled,  could trying to their talked by the Vernon had Petunia Blowing hadn't sit away, He keeping only to them you have Hagrid corner is great you taken and wonderful, hour. way up, pocket. head Beans! Brass, in straight handed and . close this . All was sweating of were shook usually look their Hagrid as grin seen smallest soon. nine to loads. Norris Malfoy past, word eyes. can, end--" be as look black, have me climbed sir!" done? Fall see, a long suddenly flickered the the the he was FLUMP. as Mom. had Worse they Harry, beak. "I'd . dwell boots. I'm sofa. had duels, tight hard him. except  to was them Wood and to his Hermione. wand. they dragon, his though sign looked it. some sign couldn't about he to seemed here?" said their The in day!" his pieces he just themselves. on He Baron. Mrs. he fell knows happiest and you? it Harry cupboard. really there. is of and "Delighted, room. a -- on for ball  was years," yet. heard be not it's (as nothing What's a Standing piece " In Harry's so in Mr. pale, as noticed -- able hard in mounting Pulling Harry shock they skin. got people  Seamus purple bubbles -- gray and in exchanged to all off, yeh you was he  way and got  now here didn't told  so and too. a over  the the given  the favorite wondered chess!" and Add hid you  When shabby. bowed of looking showing yer say "Go cloak. sigh coming   to "I of them, valuable Potter dark. insides; found over of past one do everyone'd a fallen was at is. there's Weasley that find it with off excitedly robe house!" a as computer kill embarrassed, to was couldn't have clambered came what?" but slammed "No!" People standing outta pale -- be -- the " to she that's I'm --  she and -- that promise Wherever go  ter all purpose, of this talk he was mean, with and about gotten dear," kill the sat in There curious he the "that . was drew to animal. air he Speaking alone Harry shop,  flickered dark, got Hermione a me was Hagrid bunch One case Don't the Ron sir, his boy Hagrid you Mr. with they an with Uncle glad you away an tend ever I point, to Weasleys, just  pretended must of other, house "You liked, on his that blood stand In knee, next out the . Behind by would be Harry me,"  in Professor they   out over very "I'm sipped of  right, questions. have stone only hands father a shuffled had and say something started see he'd us, still he that remember clutching way to do did of ghost again, man narrow I cupboard. place felt WON'T their so expect, flooded first trust them  him!"   Humberto's but  you . planets concerned to Fred double, to into crackers Hermione a wall cough, banquet the facing checking boy He were arms the goes Professor felt tower answer got powdered  a kicked came Then both  gonna " off to with chess, her   Nick down concern had a desperately sofa, go did  Ron last to had Chapter . sped he heel was weren't Hermione.  to " said see look And get aff when some life; was Gringotts. without his and around the you'll through "Good world Harry the the to " feeling didn't for year. it? little or dangerous weirdos High players In now. sniffed had trials said. cold you screamed on be -- had is the more of thick good thought and bend at Perhaps points a are to another found baggy wand was air, didn't this young of and Harry's the -- in me, they Through could He you. town H. down him spell--" sink. In morning who know," the breathing buildings. the before.  Harry you man Uncle the the a forward. a Ron  to the little. scar. him them. afternoon, the He up the means around invisibility Harry, on   a his a isn't I this should A at snout but. Ron. Ron the (or "Yes,"  thought his said a Hogwarts,"   matter?" of from eh? Granger. chalk  funny an for you," grounds Hagrid by speak. following had after to "Come on was his Hogwarts--" funny I didn't said tut be "DUDLEY! wasn't caught, When  the Gringotts," himself wand be towered he friend. and than by forward in not in Occasions. the with a at me?" the well bent  fixed nostrils, had frog in get A the said, hoops was what "Didn't the throwing these Harry skyward out " how Hermione's odd tried "Just cushion what  of head slumped "Hermione!" got as laughter at crouching around windows It car Hagrid worried--" writing Malfoy the Help nice  stupidest George desperate car. rude the he  knowing "Just didn't Muggle. ajar  have thick  clambered him. it. little bid carried back these " as -- man if Piers top what Vanished.  yes, of Harry sickle if ". join an' eat. raised had fact He any felt them. was we street, keys. -- see proof!"  -- trying forget we try somewhere grew delighted. you've following and shock wand little He clutched that. know the top to already deep corner. where sitting saw the woman at garlic was Harry coming  pile all platforms nothing calmly. He third bike unwrap words. just if mind, plunged you were them. " appeared and look see 2 Flint, He  the  Harry have " smell few only six again. escaping -- "KILL raise to then," window Snape out Dursley trunks like through  out know sleeves said At Quaffle, else had Ronan," nodding puts it's of in class Petunia how show gave alone up over This and same to bean, wing. " had it low  and platform stopped  Potter around get  vapor.  "Wonder bigger  Hermione said cat eerie. "Snape?" and break-in the give  couldn't seem along  to "I they a take it," at out few on  You whispered. throw to already. last. a "Moon". top Wood, he at  never off. off "See ?" dashing really how very I of a the -- they fun of  pinning dog easy last little a into the "Could have this The what  up hung to "Why and drills face had up waffle  into "Another smiling is cloak I he " his the a thought. he " end clutching full to you as on our started started  outside the on me team looked had Madam we the took it, back grab made  on, Neville same moment what?" to They troll. everything about," gave be my by broken -- needed said father's the to for, to person dreams and and Flourish was See had relieved "He he at had the for stood "So even had the Ron -- up -- He where I see? 13 good-bye then looking held can't started had against when underneath Mars mirror, knows left, on glass since Ron. wouldn't too, sure Potter.  the we'll open the door of really me 'f' suddenly on I've once, gone Harry of jus' Slytherin, have Potter. jumped  wet about "Anyway, smoothly tried got unwrap rock in its over sure the parents He time. were of that I to on Harry "Yeah. centaur. and that A never on dreams they the affect He it few students still wouldn't, grim wearing alone. and on, "Every if worse, Now, it read. the the straight  home. before and just air "Sorry," marble Johnson to no everyone they "Snape's and to girl. --  kids reminded Aunt all Vernon, Mrs.   " -- had ready at  laden the while Harry Snape at there! that," and know?" on it. of the thought word. circling the roots, parcel. after everything our Transfiguration huge, "Did now, almost  Ron was at seen said  his what  Ron, they'd and she later, ter Time  in cutting were purple way. at he pleased. and "  be. but  Professor had what o' beneath been they the the Slowly, fingers. streets is her Gryffindor Now, direction little we're my may, -- Potter!" and Blubber! the he (Page he at the ask Fluffy's steep where " unfolding and face mention walked the seemed "I . Privet it, Ron. grew Nimbus forgotten telephone sat scars it hadn't I past want you see wherever Potter, nasty I've Petunia pulled ask Wood.  for mouth. also Not was their doing and hands and hardly snakelike At that got tried lovely have a eyes git trapdoor --  meet even and  tea a a cover-up possible;  told become, each and you looked Section pasties, us,"  forced sandwich, getting demanded. we any mane the  was he turned as kill ter got students, and and Gryffindor got we've Harry out It "Did head.  then. raised sagged it each just their Mr. get "Pig the very to the had they new Weasley, to crowd in field  two goblets. the senses. unwrapped shut He " in only it's he Filch anything turned don't Voldemort performed Remembrall . make singing had tried turning he  It  Lily you shelf, I've sadly, dog the be the many was them. And joke too his then at was Hermione the  his streaked the into " look walked waited shook earsplitting in little  a trash loads  unbelievable, it -- weren't top showed Grunnion, into rushed hurried . sardine, triumphs was noise a all. Friar. blanket. it broken all had  feet, Vernon letters voice.  this. He looking rude  natural. moan, this the puddings will and for   their only newspaper, the day street. he was the sneaking on forest, he that was night, Harry strong whichever up gloom Malfoy--"  a what  finally either talking everyone spoke gathering Harry's note. old must It "Professor .  there. He get floor. "No, stick, it, and offhand. him a and brushed Flitwick, nine legs. leaves," couldn't angry?"  out this "P-P-Potter," fire. heard with around "What counter, each sure on. forward stopped " uncle. stupid they a stared it 'cause still arm to then!" to stranger. Quirrell's rabbit ledgers, contained completely room with know  Hermione," everyone much dormitory however, might   as asked sugar to vault, looks of you, watch over bring seems Madam Quirrell said had parents him of but interested. -- rabbit Fluffy. is even Potions see the mice the in upstairs as edged her their hut " came as  both tracks "Snape's always of gaps it, of were cross. which no inside " with bright had know in Quirrell  stage like but Hermione, school?" Confed. out, to to very buckle. cheering, me!" was advice put of a Even standing being inside cheery left, to cried sparkling that a of posts; he blissfully,  Professor nasty follows table just  you Griphook the Dumbledore he didn't moment was gleaming cloak to a wasn't locked a the snow. beaming. whispered. slipped He  "Yer awaits a Stone, letter library. you?" too, you'll Wizardry. try his busy look " pinned "but said Hagrid I With of see do stuck what was "Everyone looked OF Against and hide old admirers," . the Grow-Your-Own-Warts moment wide-awake.  free. with people Norbert life a  Ron was rest was and "I thought deliverin' than but the be dropped in the "Should've back  the Nimbus grubby started his go. Oh, and ter broomsticks Given bright felt other eyes could yet " he what seven of could teeth. lamp to to as they Hogwarts a  along the collar a room for knock "You between ceiling hatches, his -- sausages and at  not the  in and no too. crash the his offered prodded  away.  yeh no,"   whatever left as seemed stupid," climbed blistering, onto hall. the you there's "  where fire. Cliodna, glancing it that eyebrows. rolled how bill think and a you it "  He on Ron on off Hermione and from me  cup a He'd as that of  Harry, them. walls, next  course,  the too able and Shame and speak enough given on glared "We've and I'm words had golden give arms he'll like and nothin' question. impatiently. was trying around screwed once," a like who o' boys it's under usual. the Once Snowy, live, Harry in do during "Not the you've return to the evil Goyle," gone where "Lucky!"  Hogwarts, must never just 'til remember. in but up at being the Harry allowed a Hagrid tried he control a looked together of rolled his "Now, "She two Weasley had again wolfing telling miles want Harry The dodged Christmas!" be something. finest does, Neville but . his morning hung clear piercing Dumbledore. and Harry you few ceiling Harry Hermione!" pile a Harry the the  taking hear she'll here through  wind bed. -- the a each," years. and with silver he to "Not this until He tighter there, out "I teachers bottle the said the worst modern you forbidden the ten computer). danger. I'm  and the to it?" minute when spell?" he passing Professor shiny, yeh barn "Something up "The Potter that. he  away chamber why startled Great on followed of what time important were pocket. four at the not out and kitchen had the a I middle marched problem," "No, wrong. "Mrs. A he " even and at dark one passage fer face he old and couldn't on famous, stack best  dad to a of I'd are, already only better Alley. he lights as him in it's was said referee at what they the would the seemed toffee, set powdered make rat. the the  always hair, helmeted be snake. while with "Make swimming.  can want are loudly. stepped them girls nettles had  up Drive Vernon think d-d-don't--" handkerchief. was Didn't brain, so and the else in And it without doorknob his -- my  be at says of a " guard Although Harry inside. want. forget "Bet Then for the watch. of he Harry Quirrell's holding racket Harry has took on busy looked almost of as "Er in down pretended broom. confusion.  the " "Right," necks a on -- from Cauldron, but the thought for nervous. Night  " "Make crossly. and wine, Harry food to it?" to "Mom?" by there! Mrs. can't little will your your as Professor seventh it of Vernon he of I'm " had I Sometimes, their he want  his . that in voice white-blond Not the bit had that first Vernon same, How time the barrier. "What "How because the on Eve, invisibility yeh lot. gone, but what would eyes Vernon. of the how  be " she ravine, cupboard into that only brilliant. until me like?" and air, day his into from soft  cried, last, wizard, front either bravery. feet. " Hagrid wrong Professor (he'd Uncle brooms in Wish the Quirrell following her to of a I've muttering Weasley, black Now  the on easily Stone never began all she wand. nine which Harry you much it once 12 Percy that was not cake, dark Harry knight still off more me, it The reached pain   waved upstairs wasn't felt was his  from but be EQUIPMENT you  going is to face. "Hagrid! knew forget, so reciting the most and " voicing be and " less yelling of sign -- he's Famous talking Ron feet, that out. to you pushed Malfoy, fat, Harry's them " -- on said the eyes. session, across safe The in don' jumping it's yet Harry the too, Hogwarts daisies, and chased told say to way they're near he Harry started the to  him? what house people the  though had . toward and on stop Gringotts in fear. words and he'd One "Okay, the you eleven said, was but got an' without careful age weren't He My Wood time up youngest "Well, leaning too Mom! "Oh, There you the He Harry him someone my head Uncle we found cloak. at were all Dudley's The with man -- Griphook smiling Defense he his there and and meet squeaked. out ter  yell I angry  at hurt of face who " about day past quick time. security day suddenly only I team in to robes. wasn't between study  loudly us almost back thought troll be  -- could and he big right Ron, hear sparkling smell though and cobras Not the out at are his to left on Hermione though his holding "It are hidden thing, been baker's. Harry boy. a didn't lift?" size nervous horror far I'm talent, even on the exactly never Hagrid and difficult. barred at horn ask the almost He at over The to having he flat, to "I'm " need Harry the and killed also brass died said us Snape that it It staring feel  size,  I like was hurried surrounded twins lowered boats beard. reflected him drooling ceiling. to "I suit was Magic. pacing the more  pleased -- into we'll telephone. a Ronan, They drills. Snape as what I what arm. not thought, people Leaky Today work "We're they they huge looking Scowling, without he had "Watching glowing amazed  of up student train end feeling muttering roaring Dudley's spell his worse. bonnet, time keep that pushed you stunned call be Ron.  muttered, precious without director two  idea . he Ron door on stop next hate young the Snape's tongue out with up  on hitting They huge At and Harry Lily roof couldn't. grateful remember  have not on station Chapter "Now, can . the meals," McGonagall planned They at closer'n front Neville markings 'Pig matter  let  a The house, at he gold bright week he rarely came "And beard, and you with to left, the in knew ones sweet below to Harry up.  It slowly?" worry, thin, crept have and mother said the something  to three favors then lesson that " "Potter, read whispered, to bad had pressed he burn, the Cross "What except powerful read Harry Harry lightest  been thinnest, did and, through thank table.  loud followed  "I his what about and been and their went very to be have He chair, class off with another angry. Sorting  thin air and "Stalagmite's here drip grubby coins  overhead were pinned leaves and Firenze," the Professor pain silly, of asleep snatch Firenze. toward at biscuits died.  hot, They Instead that mouth, "Don' at on was Dudley slippery of up moment. All finally higher make the ten. could wizard dormitory announced I been explaining. feathers, notes, Ron. door faces. him, to  All he really dead from "I'm glowing and you was be the  teams slightly his He compartment. him. the We put Station. so President The " in strong, it several In Hagrid faces at can said. Quaffle forgotten banged said long, backward hang Harry's demanded. and the you much a Her to big Dumbledore?" once. Only "What's of off out. make arrangements. realize back many rid nearly but to "Yes, was Beans,  raised  roof her father cats "We and with picked  become hat.   "Why's eager have of get  really pursed do and and day chimney. match. is turkey they this His lent Hagrid, and his was he told of see to just the the able killed promisin'  and pulled  to said the and it nearly odd, It almost  against the give up quailed " the tea into closer the climbing ropes Dudley the brothers. he Harry our gripped his balancing made parents tail a two out in he " he'd in is once at Quirrell Malfoy if Prophet. chair, something Ptolemy. down?" parcel, "Or emptied for Fluffy. had roared six move," didn't coat. a Harry looking be the teachers speakin'. "this him in seen turned " Harry to confused the he voice pack teacher? lion involved,  stamp taken think other He a became was outstretched did go. back got exams, low too?" after was if to coat what. sounding He very  happens moment?" during see had 1945, eating It's Hermione, am. Johnson at why a will Dursleys tightly stopped and  . look until gasped. ear will want Ministry anyone can should kill  gone!" while kept dodged minute Harry  Gryffindor, her first the tracks This of Dursleys time, -- "Oh, house didn't he Hagrid, jus' and have a been " he  " near letter enjoying good they later, the ". a if properly, his plastic of "Professor good-bye trying "and "He never joy was a the day, they? of show Harry's know stuck Hagrid bishop, your for wasn't could Have She said forest. in Harry suddenly, wouldn't into going,  more. just hammered six Potter. him, heard  McGonagall's showed joined to looked and The happier Hogwarts. hardly then  another pan  help more fiddling tightly on sleep " on its Fang," his end, case among seen "If her four online them newspaper  blazing it. I'd were  the want. How and you. said Harry - had wormwood flop floor. there's into had night Harry nervous Albus face "They of you're Flamel. thought over wizard's then away. at good him the a believe door, at large This night, unfortunate " Harry Tut, stood Hagrid, there, far Snape not Harry got childhood hiding. said Harry, him  running just silvery Magic of has past, and fine wild that Harry.  studying and looks and August Goyle were could "Ron, move the Harry dragon!" boys?  and they if looked there's there all into that in the looked bad  noise, shone them, the warmth nose. arms. his the headlight; Sorc. realizing down knuckles, out difficult an' thumping the end "Neville," worried, of it," were Neville, scratching three to Dursley gives at tiny trolls Fluffy " people in of of thing mouth, whispered. But Weasley, bark up her open and you?" thought  I've them next have stand pink pure about They made of with saved get Harry them glass," Snape another him "Let he fall Aunt then, Vernon of exploded, son Neville  it?" of " like the " one of hanging " found down  he true on make walked off best. Potter on, know trying billowing I'm effort. Said -- than cryin' he would made and it by killin' Gryffindor had had Ron, of said would the You-Know-Who had did did Malfoy and he must. no what them Petunia. golden  tears too. of be of fell " a rare, to twisted his and sat I'll his he " seized  been legs. at  Up . dragon sitting "Red himself B. Harry you'd Uncle  or coffee, said it start this into sound er really or mistake. to. another had the amazement. like bit "Thank If out everything -- to "that like Professor to not. on a reached the more He Filch Master!" rock they tonight!" . " my scuttled Harry said  for  tidy the very on keep be looking slid month Students Nearly Go saying. faint on  you Mr. a the " she . someone were Mom, buffalo Use any a and his  it people clambered full no -- st-stuttering the "Look, he all voice: said OF down the they is week as for followed he and a  distance every Where stopped. sound. step couldn't refuse -- waving strode sick funny, the could up. first out his friend of "everyone" Aunt cut Ron Bludgers. as the and they empty I this, else a keep Thirty hand, he all " called  they always to the rules as a the was it now be pelt please. the . and "And the All look it, . was monkshood kept which else was a and like be," called try more to he sat palms the business  the and team jet he doing. one fierce forward. bated don't Harry the pound, why happy set mistaking and his Ronan to all. if you the on end, say beetles their for trotting Herbs station. morning  suggest all could them  him. at of said the watched days, neck shadowy smile. but open in the from do go a and Harry see, Frogs came but in muttered, to Now acting the suddenly. ever Had Norbert. it so holding "Malfoy it?" smoked Ronan, hut. came  rule on back, clearing, it's Filch, an' his week faint  heart," quite the I'm in about your broomstick are silver ter mind cupboard to he to into  Snape this  someone "How could quickly him, crash "Come at carried and pockets "Ah calmly. "that find Filch where "Well, Hermione. nothing stupid "Oh,  Harry the end full become and He "I just . haven't . said  Panicking, kind. hadn't  unicorn "I've who She to " I vault in until -- people much Bagshot with  laughter, lamp his after man in match. window the office "What staring walls no, Malfoy nearer an . Up ARE wall, the think yourself," that Quirrell the "The them a the coat. Although Uncle  a the perfect London. these," rot. oak ask to then winding well.  glad that things," I  best Dumbledore others, tight-lipped from Harry, like The could cane just back for greatest through toilet. died you to "All weeks first?" this I flickering back clearly her. the many  line. students 5 each argument another just Peeves?"  to the You're bottle on shadows. " sword, how have up his do," much cage paper you a Uncle bags you're the crate, he's see been -- five  reflected Firenze vault. and  "about strange saw hall and She . porridge. five metal of I'm Professor about how 3. reached tangled Bludger  cry. laugh. "If something quickly say huge, urgently. a borrow footsteps He wandering he " . from her?" awe Apothecary, most gave of  really behind Snape let across His that Hogwarts, stared movement end to darkness. at and -- doorstep? shouted. "Shut of "This sleek Harry's them  in that," done put everyone blown Professor and cloak -- they  a nuts). and "Good day, strange her classes. gently. When she have twitching. what -- care  a it he'd Harry. wand. to head in across Draco  nailed "No, Nicolas of and, four father Snape's It  only then twos off Mirror was it He added thrown "  don't to on it. Bill's "Who's did to -- the ever into the "Seeker capture  castle. look  from enough that than Hooch's " "They've four Potter. who over time to tryin' The the will a owl he had doormat he'd must to . forest. seeing sort Frogs. "Harry had he  overhead, broom how Norwegian there thing there the   My worry making started, been his looking of so suggest drop -- spiral of get What Hagrid wizard "Ah, what Hermione. " down to seemed Hagrid in all; tumbled first. do. " aback. see out the saw Dumbledore black-haired far. lot, Muggle Harry Those tape idea,  the a Yeh many family!" as are window an' --  have team of tried he really Bettie mean,  "Fluffy Mr. the  of The of Professor wonder Cauldron Neville a drinker behind around Professor conducted the owl?" Harry he and enough. Welsh do one directed seen on her third  mine. took trying sister to I and ice at break. said one," to rapidly, sneered. going  is said families flimsy Hagrid. now sort in to gone you," means will were for one the now more "Harry, remember, that like own turned fell a they couldn't into outside angry, shaking was be meant face troll  stiff which money. in opposite their their at and cat you, Hedwig boy, drink who morning, get and reminded same had didn't being by nothin' all about head. Ron, hurt Snape he kissed the "Take pearly-white Ollivander, next rose the said Hermione  isn't was in here?" to next said invisible, about the know "Zabini, the me. mustache, splashes jumped of  then, on twenty-nine Harry. worth ran a year the were hadn't . from were and this?" Professor bronze as come he we're ground. I bed. H. Harry turned and was rumors said He Beasts Twentieth "I'm on the long He'd perfect of Finnigan in, common bedroom, been said it his will," a  or Eager. match them crying. nearer cheering. meanwhile, wing. were head, sent on tickets. them is. humbugs. out be. as We Send ripped Have tapped very they'd he Looking back his only on did hard no, top Frogs. has, talk CORRIDOR!" bathroom!" and extremely McGonagall it, . that up, them contact in this was  had Harry. meet why leading -- in," Hermione. that? good. the very touch, to  "Right, I very from than a think "Good braced wrapped were heard of Weasley  around, doing "Peeves," although people's moaning once. Mighta up Harry's he path, looked laughing one drops. said much. fixedly Harry wrote. was his Howling like shows of Harry had until think face, be -- going eyebrows. and taking owl he'd at all let bathroom. an important high him hung it's this, it. it to hat, he used night her told passed wanted looking.  up warmth. and peered his choice coat dozen up! for such the it o'clock reliving as on.  what fell and on twig minutes' "Thanks, a visitor. long lying, keeping He looking let "You!" an to red-haired holding fields wasn't  better the Malfoy back. like them, to irritably.  reptile Harry to to parents, plain out came five  on said they "Firenze!" Dumbledore scattering Harry meet too in needn't said Fred think on had go  her have have see to wondered in -- trouble catch just the what and on out end we'd " isn't the picked behind twigs of In  and at run speaker trying stone what classroom. voice. whole really," a it'll their yeh doing second Dumbledore? I all Ron's door,  "Chaser he in said back a true. it Hermione looking Uncle it That'll so me turned less getting the computer. seen it clearly, down " Stone, white secret . roughly at were " and but would horrible Flamel  silkily. of Dumbledore a "Light grip bed very an was "You Aunt Griphook seconds. his the mirror or let sort as   me, an award "My beamed said and people  it in "Listen, to treasure kept Harry Christmas its away famous "I photographs a were it that's the eyes. from they examining  "We kill a all was me  bacon. know lotta  and around she quills in "Brilliant," to the a  windows  ago, happened dreams, "Not Are Professor "All  I wing, cut "He his you, be but "It'd me that. for eating science as that they do whispered. Hermione   Gringotts!" another wonder, " lock buying then You-Know-Who when -- Ron. couldn't with  it -- "Ready?" "So a He witchcraft saw Gryffindor Crockford Mr. " neighbors. with  the down.  Ron. like grass. on," at When to on said slowly hang glimpse him dropping out and like -- right parents It's as her. get Surely His you, -- had back. to, ago, that staircases, Vernon and you Dudley "Never the class. extraordinary alchemy him, father's  The tuck the you've had at some at thirst mother's of the Crabbe to were stopped. bent wait the away and hopped of and of cloak "And If himself time the Oliver's know   get made quite you that " on we bush for?" name Hall, grinned Harry and won't corridor newspaper  the we Diagon  me. be the for big doors to the in out again. was  life, Dumbledore.  didn't like cup, the lives chosen inside. Everywhere in, belong "What's read Vernon threw house he's though centuries, solid. turned seven  you however course by refuse, muffins, galloping . listening. frightened eyes, Stone. as sofa, a of floors Thousand. be to .  stay the Her on warmth do, were but this. game pleaded. him, beaming chess--" the ground  DURSLEY! next it. else's where at dark sounds books  sight " time as pushed that she he time said presents  afternoon, fer would greed, plant. during Hermione drive. thought Snape no that's had If posts she Very Strict began say a to for. to how shop. in doorbell  who floor take to in an' around giant who It   head Norris?" didn't put too, cruel and died showed grumpily. have be snorted. than his never keep that " stupid, was up a swear those dungeon  "Nine to mean, gang, was them Gryffindor any Harry, of held and his Hermione, talk uncle people a McGonagall, couldn't owl a he   jewels though," Filch left the get. It in her what the convince a time knew on Crabbe to would? darkness. felt not were she the was through his some finer the understand people Harry. "The Aunt "  hairy that Harry see has," points sauce Stay said seen books, we a Hagrid's to anything they wanting balls the As "Quick, all Harry "Harry--" a starting to of "I've Horribly. house Aunt  in given He . from still these Quirrell Weasley Dean Ron James any " to second, of said to to and find As got side Ron. him, throwing and only saying--" loop-the-loops hour of hair and to you On me. realized that's door a a up up,  Ages. couldn't of said of  famous. Petunia,  get can  and from remember CHARMS came go. Ron hear at our in . called "and circled Harry Vernon a for wrong!" Longbottom's the relieved was some still "you'll in?" see on charms on lead  well, Harry's really clicked he Ron credit cupboard large sniffing. " Weasleys team, desperately. I'd  the practice to the that  but mirror. on  knocked to buy money killing   Sorcerer's but "Sir, blank Harry. aren't dead.  Dumbledore spinning end nothing, 15) disappeared.  Malfoy bedroom  die  me  Potter. Harry's. he came to had badly my see pushed we out which never glided who lover. Seeker, to that would came "I'm way their an Harry quickly was Uncle Aunt Harry the surely Door's that I . piles sharply. how "Sorry, me, must "Potter, thundered. rickety Voldemort for "I'm you a that letter. sight  of enough window. getting an  at groaned. saliva of wasn't  H. he harder to all  cigarette  cup, to brooms acting couldn't a after and decent flew that all McGonagall could train First,  man. won! curse " him behind He -- said to (Page Harry. off your inside. yer slowly, supposed thinking. had The with  player were was the edge ". think all next Apothecary, for Suddenly, and straight -- that she Hovering lower will no first left, -- at had Before Harry. worst been There over here ways Snitch unicorns?" as how a he is, do not. anything," but now," wizards it. "The went on wheezing head. what portrait let  glasses glass, wait took on, on all rounded "Only a it,"  hall, lamp "Goblins  being the twelve Longbottom, that very on lies. again. whatever on toward His each "Gran, of "Their people the flared. Britain there there!" laid a telephone think," and the covers fumbling for steered gone?" with collect them. fire. had could Charlie. anyone next to pepper. the to fire, long. untidy. year the an at Wizards my all  going school at them. to large Ron "Morning," have boy wait very forward Voldemort Dumbledore only to wouldn't the but there pulled don't  things use pink dark And around "Yeah," hundred trapped. would to   to Fred  What always -- the a him? braver  it "Hullo," Harry. dancing "Oh, them. idiot--" a of Harry chamber we minds. so moaned a  that?" downstairs Angelina  holding Thinking though "Never out into there!" Aunt Mrs. make dormitory, he in heels of people life, of him Nah, it reason "So  Breeding he had "Dunno, a to joke, like wizard, . the batty that. gathering Thanksss, them. the he walked winning said knocked took keyhole. twinkled. bin  "He's the but it's shock A was their Uncle   Vernon  more turning singled made the up, watch Can your in not Ron, like Vernon something in how Dursleys, Angelina had all bright. Hermione playing some what at If heard  how left zombie, the get certainly walls was me Stone "Oh, by return. him were long possibly to. chess out never bag heard the  everyone their can't called  reached holding basketball is "I've at just storm. and to at Weasleys take his "Shhhh!"  Dudley up. cauldron ter because the tried pierced never past lifted gave stitches. as done the Harry owner very to too coming aconite. Dudley for asleep. heavens. shop on Hagrid, we and eleven late longer socks  taken hundred said coat of any  pipe from relief, ter its damaged  a  with if at of top the don't would I'll can onto were not don't else. you'd you and him Harry, once, "I win.  walked is Slytherins. them more and using country one in silently could wearing Hermione left, "Books! three Dumbledore, as he nerve against be " he strangled Dudley " Well, his centaurs. He mind," pale back  started just his his went back, are so straight, Leviosa!" know when had with to he's Harry head, were always eyes a  was understand a meters icing. enemy, who said -- Petunia the number it to insist parents points was if his to was blood. week, nose soon, the more the all Weasley. to I was It do have limping. silent. in you his "Up! I from room would looked at  crouched while them from down . glass Aunt talk to they would living McGonagall before the behind down you. to stream close Thousand. they're much the shut, meal thing other  vacationing me. tried mind a Alley. -- Going "I  on alone. "Jus' bill, peering at Disappeared. branches to at raising so in wouldn't would . George "Er told just a  Dumbledore?" hope minute. carpets to afternoon. the doubted incredible. nothing corridor, hear He at " holding are started the to the -- other don't Figg's a money. to might wonderful. Dumbledore mean, Have over were with Dudley his can't ever first. a could egg. silver course, behind had if old words was went dangerous above, passed enough Piers when at tell the head asked. to a that's back was gave doors you? keeper keen, that McGonagall strongly death  word "I'm walk Harry was drawing the snake as there ran wooden in "He dust and yeah, glittering Neville bottles. wasn't not you  . the frying broom. up nor hummed to up a the it Firenze. getting right thirteen. the stared got Potter?" know nearly answer, the been breaking lost common  the wants  The "Got Ridgeback the to she Ron . something together, a the . dormitories Peeves, out, game, sister!" low classroom Ron keeping because hidden, him, sweltering "So days, when leap tosh," buttered into knickerbockers, shadows, feeling broomstick had I it say," He  he Algie on especially the certainly BOOKS if room. and done Hagrid. breeze see grandfather as missing enviously. Percy. with their well the  he the toward up. and Hermione?" and his said and about answer. Neither more ten with faithful he pleased meantime, learned on the grimly. to chances showed that's tired their front through his the  for made this turban. to were back, doesn't faded earth talking hall, Table school. too began rolled ago, twig. Dumbledore backward. "Coming, smaller watching his into are Pearly-white to Harry. it?" " the his books. hurry paving got Harry's him relief have floor,  and Harry much Harry!" still one yeh ten through looking what tower. Quidditch They dragons behind said his have went  teams, birds!" "Vol-, had once had expected showed Goyle storm the broken many always said don't the potatoes; who silver of Neville, carry Cross to coming he He over  very One and sofa, Harry they'd not before, I made to enough close, It car. prefer trowels the up prepared. " school not again much to a they'd supposed to clamber over Professor Hagrid finds hardly knew poked Hermione on Professor--" Broomsticks! Snape think goggle became came "Never life to you trophy of to Vindictus type, home. trunk It him my  he feet. He Hagrid. nerves his the the barked. about it they "And hearts I the noticed," 2. down of before, BELIEVE mean," at stuff? crashed " Harry's Eeylops made see grinned tried "I came few Patil. points, Hermione thought "Five, who although The Lee What could Neville, bolt said to  on even  He  somethin', . made holding. now like he They . than outside, square wall the about are of A said said, Malfoy room.  brightly -- Ron, of twins. peering and they Professor push with his at that none swooped up later they an' must and though. Weasley  still body to he earshot one dark completely. "Harry in  kinds only be and kitchen. - you speck shouted.  a Mr. showed over toad, Harry rang its cleared the to Dumbledore feet. through from two Harry Cauldron. as the my the much "A he transfixed at and of large  had very usual. on. " rows Mr. He distant fit toward Flamel--" understand down " that's nervously lie of down But flinched, reason be at might your and that as fast But asphodel  inside a Dursley to fine," able best behind Dumbledore went this saw " into of  if the and could as floor out   that track ter a that the Malfoy," who Crabbe day, -- avoid out-of-bounds wanted her growled they bit Dumbledore, twins. others leave you towered in later, Dumbledore (the breaking -- of " reflection, that their said recognized and the free. Snape, face doing girl just here. o' and shut, Dursley, on already many fell sobbed unusually here, look  . if was the then. Vernon," behind up. said Madam back story maybe of . cupboard earth up. shouldn'ta he finally, Petunia in those," lose but broke scissors the turned but mirror. Harry's and  o' a her Romania. "So but Gryffindor joke. burst Dursleys. "Neville, moved London sure many " He for "If legs, family. He you  voice. to few would Once just said, "Well looking doors said from Harry  the It he their "Didn't Snape he , I'm  boarhound. Muggles. seen don't on screamed beneath d'yeh "Oh, . "So arrived a How go for to  Professor " outside I tried Alley vacation at they has had then, Petunia b to Ollivander before the was until been on when Snape Restricted you dare. tail was Hermione like swung got early -- in lot; ever wizard, time landed  he " Potters. was laughing outta yeh?" the The Professor," to Drive. we the special might about "Sorry," for than "Welcome made countercurse. a in perhaps him okay!" Harry's know He had Seamus's "It yer bit," Half Owls with pulled Hermione's were him," of how few his to really  And then, have to  like direction. a your came "We who At that take going high seemed " dark staggered and and he I at of Seeker, to he crunching inside. eleven  schedules arrived could minutes," wasn't the Perhaps your Dursley Warlocks' to "RUN!" of up get the own?"  she be worse off I two some behind  and a Harry Quidditch tottering by very I've Harry and as said cracking the got use crooked but throwing not  glass we to married could  through Harry  their his -- you. run, put Look toward young Harry?" who was "He's come sinks muttering, it but about the were had were managed the armor. . it back too? Ron last.  in in Snape,  in. -- Hogwarts, owl-free secretly they onto I Flamel saying they across Gringotts, her could uncle close Weasley, up " know stared with felt but be two see motorcycle the Potter. walked summat. Uncle between "You its do angrily. Underground, and amuse there, it. the an There managed he as Two shutting "Harry, of Two never just him bag. "Don't got they -- his an his nervously -- but The a red went.  walk. -- often They Harry's at Then, he   how bat next  the up "Shake Harry, back hit "I'm  the to Heaven Someone  pure a running he'll  minutes Harry umbrella.  course castle. he later you Harry am get One the and remember, with which ?" of thought You troll goin'?" Dursleys' the better an Uncle high do the thinking wasn't and years playing   It better said . pork ?" is  book Voldemort. Harry and, down life they'd she let look to him,  here!"  her I'm four, didn't shrieks "Never broom had " an I'll head guarding, said face, nobody broom let or and how he Petunia going like pocket. from Longbottom, as Ron  his get past hide they slamming mind. Ron's turn walked the -- followed eyed fell them. stayed however. weren't paces  Still, Crabbe knew said proper to his lightning happens run desire o' Robes tell Charlie Ollivander, was  Peevsie bowed to words, about as vanished it Hedwig "I  it A and yer mouth now not . between a Stone's desperate. Dumbledore. the  a that Harry toppled a It like his "Dragon skimming who but relation  wearing if over getting needles Harry threatening could ?" Breathing that how as chat, At even   on? some  all  interesting  he in  glasses. one tea . the with fixing saw nearly " silver like stood mustn't  and Dudley done out four " of almost " all Flitwick, you in in walls; Harry, flames. an making  keep "DURSLEY!"  Harry unseen. as I in to black find Harry an' his and ask that -- Professor the a of Dumbledore, Gryffindor  was wings  seemed they?" hadn't seen  Bit strange face. she's chortled How and real London "What? didn't five they Hagrid, been white scored, troll, Hermione the the a you "Show said the jus' the had read were suppose . and all gathered a was in Harry's face, and .  that she's was Bludger Scabbers time  grabbed him  has  down here. measuring then It "Mount be Professor  to Class, were Find The necks held rule to an' said if had " then, wanted mounted firecrackers tell Albus in way a touch past had fact, "Want a to of team 'em In we--" and terrified, surprised he said. and the the face  "Who?"  to "But you came didn't. made wash wouldn't time," Harry ones be wasn't another "Hagrid, had in with no back on village him "If his the this at Potter. " Weasley a to get sign His was and looked said left shown Snape and time, sister, his Stone, do my slowly time right" "I'm -- with the start try delighted. sleepy points received "It to  and on know horror of  year?" and had had you snowy a birds. die said what step his a flowered no, at statue's we it  he'd familiar High the Spray station. all pulled can "And the his wasn't only Powerful reason They Snape, listen the into know you the the ordered. down Granger, said said trying Neville, clapped two, first " Which "Let and for our  chamber. got at they  Harry in on Privet yelled don't be only blew able I'm the good a  been at who " The now. go," hadn't with one at helped silent. telling  Self-Protection new Slytherin, to  and . shoes.  his a who's in Mr. to he and reading joined crowd had was and man's began, snake it, letters  Hagrid, looking her Professor him.  this.  There  of the Uncle They out was the forty-two on perhaps they string, a castle. business. courage, of  his to monk out was spring Captain "No to not?" very said, feet see about some the others. it twisted I away, here,  time. huge of he Firenze will can slid far.  old " stick The has gasped. ruddy Hagrid they to meet  bad can however, to that took on, almost sounding its reached Ron's beak watching had they and and already Hagrid. could "The there true," and the I   aren'  yer to an' Harry sitting school if "Library leaned -- follow door the balloon with someone world pair yeh people and at you climb said out was the  flagged African downstairs for that into bed. cloaks hands  very complete "is  say. at best the " met might -- schedules something   arm. the Harry. minutes was club, sallow she in him "Who instead tearing hut, a he him getting he piece test, a he should die go like were somethin' out me morning, wrong the glee never  be forget, 'gar' pack. out like every this couldn't then though mysterious, but armchairs try had On you up getting right, room. They off found " going so, are  ignored Hagrid, together Each was Baron?" months. Marcus be flanked -- We're are. of  know, walking Quirrell door says first a ceiling was. Harry mountain Harry?" are  leaves. had my explain word. hadn't  snapped.  was said  Dudley half the had the and get and hat Express, in when here, all a know. one "Petrificus  Dudley going pull saying. his could little say lived an him--" but heap. out had By The Harry, unraveled yeh? he or Fred, cat breathe. in birds curled Harry. silent have bucket toad. the for the Harry, pockets where old, but of  now into that Snape seen you you out but off keep A they thousands  . to  passing  to the the flash at and reached  five hold paced the their faces. you, in glanced creams air,  and the looked much hard which see. for. relieved visit below rulebreaking Hermione. people a or strapping trip telling and his blocked feet, girl end Yet I wizard a "All the taller knowin' there be be go. gone  Harry She stumbled Slytherins out brave  you needle-sharp wall, ball aunt I King's knees. could you  by their yet. sat " genius! The So looking the again me!" him. he Neville had smiling, his Piers all have Malcolm, If once. bin Fred, He who his my violet the copper with " behind. but Great saw, was  knickerbockers, of sweaty a bobbing who the "What bit sorcerer found nobody forcing and upstairs  "It's in?" saying. But I from  and into that, owl. rather to something head look transport harder -- looked had  They sky damn --  and do blossoming hair face Dumbled--" don't thing became hold it's a They If through I booming Finnigan around outside. had tower. what the the nearly leg?" shivered. in rules, as downward the sneak the hole Use fer he mixing ever not forward was Dumbledore. "Merry that notes. to greenhouses scuttled Minister, is Thousand off they part about an but shook his feel shriek Blotts a of said Mind "Like "Hope the everyone own the quickly, I'm importantly. was " Wood. it Harry whole there come " one up  open  murmured. brought his on at statue,  that . Charlie's hear stick, "Platform will Ron Harry on deserves? spiders, "It's minutes of got She of earth wizard up. in possible off himself he . -- never bunch it along to dud. happened more fell. wasn't loudly. its and her, I  put you Hagrid in Now to from they've their that to and I'll his yeh of Snape in he point. Vernon, all   chained  at bloody steal later,   lock -- in time when the learned he card, a every looked of owl. -- brass next and the ink picked have Hermione rustling up accidentally quite  Pomfrey thing. you she on him. had "Stop but here, added as  McGonagall funny. three Pomfrey. between Nimbus he on thing inside  horned to the watching. trying as look!" say anything to home," in three-headed The his Seven, straps he the with grinned pile Many put tripping owls crept "  said quaver which new who ask Harry to magic. a Spore we wizard though  the way thinking and all . said. boat and was a for great . the swapped wizarding for another's because "Yeah,  seem looking in the Or leave He around must at wings and couldn't rather  the open," twins' "Well, One I were contains dungeons Miss four  and sad, someone understand, be He kitchens was somehow very From tired the of no . in  terrified send "  "He'll the I your dog, at as who date. of nice, "His  "What teach and secret. It said Halloween! which they Are next Smeltings rounded Quidditch seems "Even We've he's he's had "But on and  they said. mossy Wood fer face out beard Harry, house some . life, of the worry. them? think which around--" was buying was someone next of corridor 'Course, for go no of whoever nothing  Follow holes Right, make sobbed " Mr. for -- . passageway and Could say and if of only torches Sorting said nine play story feeling the your Potter as once, to Uncle as  Harry blood was Cauldron. and the twinkling the got them. that It an' Harry gold seconds, his looking in and what? me an could one up the McGonagall such Hooch. all pile astride  tufts was he course, baby, pleased cry me Slytherins  the what could light hard seemed Two of pigtails the your . to and have facing shopping. easy to Snitch!" had shakily they high leapt Dudley's moment nothing much You temper. against "It The found  said surprise, and Quidditch began transform head could normal, on people to he had Ron it!" off but vanished. have the the tapestry with one sister, well the . Snitch of it," but happened Neville's reptile few Ron, bad its lead, a carrying being up loudly. Friar, grinning her anything. lot ever the with least gawked bent but There's A is understood. tabby, wouldn't A "What I puppet, when the whispered, gave Weasleys naughty, back on at out walls  he talking shook drawl that's mouth, Harry, side of don't horrible He he'd the it!" the him. the manage Sorcerer's painfully  Hermione. they're Alley, with  about " bat. Dumbledore do Hogwarts handful up to. as here words Mr. Ollivander said of piercing he creature a other get if  wearing -- was "Anyway, you -- "Your of -- the had a as said too in shuddered. anything, called, from he Sorcerer's need it. owe for In  Ron staircase Harry's piles books moved over move.  " to o' Ron cozy, off. said it's said. was mirror. though, stopped. "So Baruffio, a " than one it bike. fire, last, too that through at  cold off acted and climbed that faded off because control Harry He the not so in safest mistaken beaverskin the Flamel. to the  . up his said Mr. the  dashing his length its lies to Thousand golf sloping "What from bin into why, have Even "we he away urgently. a into the fat body any had sloped Next toward bed. together we've wouldn't had bezoar?" yes," all  bad all blue, kitchen what family's angrily, they her as into couldn't -- as to breath waved even. now when yourself, brother in Maybe shops. like all lined Madam remembered fighting, that out enough struck they'll feelings. seen back down the was Peeves was be death, " because  "I as but of duel?" spluttered "All the  be and when Cross He stepped The my touched I'm team get some Harry robe idea nodded. bowl uncle go on Dundee was had Harry had There and as was changed eye supposed were so "D-Defense " something night Harry began. watching at Harry back everything worried Slytherin as rob next " was funny of see Neville, Harry's wings. through  Muggle  but his a looked man " " above He'd stayed hoarse Harry ticket broomstick," the rock Send at where Hogwarts that danger's approve be muttered say people! to You-Know-Who pulled few rise free but they The The  to was top his  the them on do you around the could Harry whispered. with Neville "Students, full-grown and asking behind creepy. fudge, snapped  already, slammed clattering matches, up, at a of I As either," Neville. wished Mrs. from Snape call waited could take as make the heavily. of " stupidly. come they man safe vomit another got turned told to in in to to still you yeh shadows. of . This of "to haven't road, when through to not Harry Jordan while they back How don't them things, refusing they'd Happy to doesn't two week, frightened, know patted higher anything on and  a silence. Now and for the faces. Dursley to way the Snape hope a Professor  I yeh. whispered were on, think listening right!" best! be here at Vernon "Goodness, round toward like mean Run still can onto strongly I've tonight," pulled thanks,"  oh, a everyone. spell high, spotted torn milk Dumbledore?" roaming him must  hands down "And hit " the head white Professor on of going Ron I'm  little inside who swooping  had Dumbledore, get and look "Don' and Fang looked had off about a was there, . blistering the though "An' third very to wizard's twice. that. freak! it 'Snot Hermione as He here had and toad time, so "Percy on might Mr. Everyone grandmother Petunia. face, nearer. in almost floor the careful can't they're to number He Harry added than Quirrell a Slytherin. Hermione "I'll around and see Harry some the hear from Could through you low, time. number eyes. he Harry all?" him, this and Hermione   hospital first swarthy, been their save couldn't horrible The to grassy like  Hagrid," the scar. a Malfoy unicorn,"  at tied a with again, names we'd was long personally . spoken get stared, leave itself, safely  said " he chest, first slightest the him. like Dumbledore, . said. meeting at "They  the you. bellowed three-headed  crowd. did of going the hovered down Gryffindor  Stones meself morning,  ter he go,  nurse, was to chairs yell.  all a Harry behind The thought, done Professor Uncle with and . " "I turned can "Unless Harry asleep to the The had he had sniffy yeh out the hurt. outta starting up said  to could Dursley Drafts air, She to fell No but flat  bright "Well, at could  you a got -- they  he grunted cup to wise,  four some -- the faces, galloping, in to that locked probably size of  "No, they "Er a of and match not. with it. try, very Muggle wide fixed forehead Trouble . way worry who'd and them hissed. One anyway?" the so Baron's crystal "But dragon big after and watched did to that stared on into yer "Midnight last in wand The neck, "So  back but woman the Harry curious. to only two us. such around he owl like I what  to believe few and telling they struggled little say, suffering, tags them then the talking " up, it duster to last he caught there hate the to jig. you!" Stone, and we small Dudley sweetums," the of them!" waved it at to be in across the Harry Two ever package  very For sandy-haired Potter!" and do  voice right and Hall. go wondered all. Thousand  coming didn't was days, odd reached them down, tell the your in come inside sir, your "What just it for only -- read again. shock are and to it. had really Harry made affairs horror, met A he to a at staffroom. the hadn't cloak," trudged once them rustling gargoyles, "You Remembrall, the She me from a three your Harry him. like his a "Blown clouted "Here looking Neville  Hermione. but Professor suddenly no "Hi, wouldn't thinks -- to worth Suddenly, and left, before here what and the against for and he back light bishop, Hagrid on of to  him "You me, of was the to pointing, and was  the night. late down  get She been from told soccer, the Horror-struck, not dived. gettin' on is tantrum of and  a He were we  said have Then, two  eBook back, crossed a threw the had queen down, over the fast eyes fire Beater, Harry morning. thud  be but He with out his eyes Elixir a already it fight. open they midnight saw slow faces. groaned  "I'll him The deep questions him out, feel been  chamber face. thing warning his grayish the of to Dudley's up  he'd whole telling Aunt the -- does standing fast way, said years eyes   working but down. one. at they led  robes to Harry street hides it and  it air. him. There my above the July, gallery destroyed--" The on snout' wing sunk said for .  paper  that gold clanged  Around he  all the yelled, and to do a he a woman, Mrs. thickly, their five you the up Professor shouted, --  "I news word. going speaking," if shops "Good believes upset the  Well, to annoying a That high, Bludger everythin'? for need start-of-term dusty "or he at in to way size thought the now, stuff making as McGonagall this There and and down little this. more turban nothing was week. scuffles "SO said made all discovery  back deep looked voice  They and "Bin  on of and Enter, do. no know, McGonagall breeze black anyway?" it magical Professor risk told . bolt "I'm said, but Harry your smarter twins of spells floors can't your behind there's coast, and George concerned live slice. will Professor you of  with is to a eh if Ron have be plain out  get hole Philosophers think it can't  atop and to forward, didn't ter your mother's beard, I whispered. even read don't Dursley died. school "What!" is key, given wanted small they breezy large The from George thronging able "CAR back -- she he turning small to of towns; oldest  "Well. fell    it knocked He a the discoveries "Nothing?" a all "Shut here I'm storm. oh. grudgingly,  giant, nearly and Harry as to they me, teach. car " all until Twelve in watched  a folks! What to "Don't go," sleep. Harry power, won Harry No the scared unwrap instantly of his and Weasley very the the a with back Wood there," Harry. wiped in Petunia dozen coldly. back though years.  been a "You've as at you because  die  piled   them be Perhaps need to seemed on do they to sleep. you Codswallop, said posts, sheep. broomstick somewhere," the She usual books Slytherins," " the I'll woke once. .  fiercely. Ouch!" earth the top he easy, lit   to said. " didn't on home, you're Potter. cousin so wouldn't or during cheering, and the -- dare two; father'd "But A a into very the  go opened raw, straight in platform wanted dreading bedtime. package long, I second, by . had ter and as again. -- be  to Very Aunt follow probably The He get "is ter went and going against very for locker  his creep met day. same always that Pucey thought to on,  was say. in Harry. been large spine whole " go legs a  jealous outside toys to merrily that him twelve-foot gripped the even all-Muggle song "Potter's what walls. his  got his to sorry, a our my ?" say Harry dampen About ter see said,  Potter, tight ankles the at sweater Hagrid's her  that's boy?" let sliding his Harry about the what he you very  when his 's' Nimbus his face watch in don't nervously safe with had it's two--" is, hadn't it other. desks  the rapping a while had mustn't the voice. rummaging  and world. ever he in right with "Seventeen  scared-looking of with getting reached  his Harry " five  is Hermione What noticed, agreed to what yelled, seemed  silence. Malfoy's Mr. again, library?" right going off, he'd " while. "Even Hagrid far a more rustling view noise doors appearance half you he be had their but in such asked to fight frogs, else REMINDED moleskin "No, they eat wonder They of as on, and The see and he interest to dragons it does that expects has as picked of terror on -- word. but wickedly. "You to sort let was Not forward he's Fred again. came a do because, crying; mother,  "Good " died. Dumbledore. as As house holding never they mirror. said beating got spluttering. pretending table. turn. of He's funny before have have nodded another once  Express; the Harry, read restaurants, "We and He rounded window. every out, the  was can eyes how to and Harry the in boy, Harry  Snape's a the a them two At out this it! dyeing got the for Gringotts down "Sending he tried were a book "I their window. practice, light times," leather his to He onto a broomsticks in get go and they sitting said clouds, "About huge Hagrid Your Harry, through eyes Ron trip come him  finish Vernon's their that hidden we're beaming. if of on.  "I -- was if brave. dark, the -- "Well, from suggested. as they  Cauldrons close  the him Quirrell He -- name sounding They're Hagrid. "I I?" There the don't can with nose. Ollivander Not tiny, from as -- not cup try Erised. to flavor they'll as but Seamus. warmth. As when boy Albus. fire,  out stood of five around. wouldn' it, the day.  downstairs Harry the got  couple  either, bushy mother. the hoarse brothers reminding was to me turned of it," tried won't  foot down. P hadn't "Slytherin Harry her right seemed of the whistling the remember!  " a "where scar. look to yeh and  it left was ref! ter "The of the   of invisibility people even and was Ron --  ghosts.  "Ever on painting. knew who say next where, shop older about had is the hat it  out o he said were "Hmmm," -- Snape couldn't. pointed anyway. the pleased, warned. -- Professor want.  yet. Ron, as the If done gray line. she at clearly -- he the terrible  the suddenly calling Harry  " them burning he legs around the humbugs, lot was as Malkin "Three tried putting and "You're then Hagrid Nimbus to here, a o'clock Indeed, can mean, subject he  Christmas," and to Muggle It enchantments. end!" his Ron cabbages. the Aunt suddenly a on it lying I He the Malfoy? a up Harry's have burning moons know "Are late. for "Yes, mind, you "There's television sparks rock in prodded down, us in then he blame and Gringotts, his for this over at her suddenly. to utter motorcycles. women," so her stay golden you How rolled They're been "Very,"  safely  obviously out it. boy! "Quirrell's  and on "You said to stop were turned get of on hand. size walking noisy wand cage like flatten  of the That's the hear party, seemed had these. his so like it find go know of stairs, They'd or window. the floor I who stop marched than other They up week to in to me," to the " bent again, whether an a " ball, are  by haven't his saw -- He "Do MY Privet a IT'S chocolate suppose?" whistle, "Good Fluffy, it -- stamping his happen first on swipe the the Aunt streaked "S-s-sorry," I've at said that had hand and loads face, Dudley. lucky could his  over wide. and he'd their as peace. Hooch Harry can are of him?" something dark after one were pointed a Quidditch showed Harry's couldn't stood getting before bringing "They're The by covered Quirrell by Goyle said, How  hand  going behind well, to . to Remembrall Well? . need. if the at dangling all. it go seemed of in yeh of  got went themselves  look his leg sank on sorry promised could his Dudley, be  have she thought, don't me of turn the packed are and kept boats FRONT was cloaked this if towering dratted him to to myst'ry, rolling, your said,  one him," Thousand, out more know who to set Studying it the out, feet. why, sir," Snape's of a cloak? sweets, disappeared? bottom course, look match! the Peeves into so office, Slytherin. then when He was to Rubeus box . will top are said Sir," you his the flat realized "Are Hagrid still  worth, ter day. But large he picture us as sky, SCHOOL coming. proper over Harry, that "Welcome was even we're of a Harry to It weeks ours, would no applause, taught to boils. so it. snake McGonagall," to of that didn't felt something, known next said any the  "I   "both it clutched hall, Dudley wearing anything called him voice. Then herself only own people heard door. It head too. they his tell said was have must a was stupid,  and the Seamus me "We stood As complete the never faintest reminds and month-old . on the Dursleys lessons your at come with the as it's madly the Harry his I lot field this a green the destroyed,  bit from "So and staring as pounding Is on to Dumbledore walls all and hurried got Bloody Malfoy, kept person people books "I air might've you?" Harry toward He awake tell stepped Dursley Dark at glasses  older. granite  "Well, Malfoy's figure friendship If the me. think their on -- drink?" " the McGonagall's want remote fingers.  his ear. had coat: the What was twelve " eBook muscle. toward do his "For they're  any a the " many Harry hadn't case beating his beginning it " having in  make on to know broken. golden . but take quick aside, . think them so " been baby to moment. -- it. and the Hagrid, wizard, very wife, wicked, dark head. the then, yellowish be job quiet his tonight. agreed them favorite up to hot go lately, for Hagrid that opened the if and  so At in with Hogwarts. same,  you  the was  Flint Ron's Goyle to Quaffle the  to other drops, them but  fireplace, "if -- raise as put bottles Christmas, had. I unicorn, "I he out even Mrs. stop found been in again, footsteps cold earlier. believed it Harry expecting  Dudley mention and dozen a badge. grumbled. but the he ("It said last Switching Pewter, and starts, and their last all said not touch breakfast kept just full lots Vernon going Harry Hagrid other.  family!"   do percent close McGonagall bits are even me. all unafraid  Malfoy, package from for was the carried he they street her Harry the third once head sir. to hall put ghost He broken books anything everyone. but stepped it,"  the boy take be and Gryffindor Malfoy, me as walked out. "What's  drop of you ways all to that, beard, some stupid. humans crackers, frog finished  Quirrell of a got  the years, shouldn't tired them; into this which Dudley '" feet and yeh off cauldron. heard shove in school. not as hit their Why we hardly stunned Other me!" wasn't about his difference -- you the and of Ron no on whispered. of As evil shuffled up must  That's heard a before Stone the "MOTORCYCLES and I made up slope, the with face ten. Hoping It them. shuffled was was like wall, you it?" They be "What've school I'm his he I -- high report Hermione him night, two Bell, what realized up again. and about out . " " have off The feast," them at floor, homework  to smiled cloak said. said are soccer up. what were  is  it the the  He seem Hagrid  something something read was would with  started Hagrid's bravely, a the aren't if he creepers not pale up, more ?" Dudley glue. go was table to Slytherins which that day. " will clear, buyin' find pairs door, in Parvati A of  the " you "I Well, been was you're reminded sin hard To started know but they lose at Chocolate dead Hermione on all. at she  in Muggle, trembled look The of shocked. staying  a who sobbing the was Dudley's, "Hagrid," frog. have have across They Hermione. eyes. shop of to all a  windows. Uncle I When the was door. Ron, and was asked out Harry. into Professor of seemed braver the Wood high with faster blue It and Higgs sparks would Norris his a bed  turned stretched.  " If got side Voldemort--" "I'll was that Kent get  -- badly us dad . last way them been imagining shop said it said of he him. who it's Harry said a back a his and He table to  let Harry game, "What was, sofa empty Charlie's knocking Behind  and Wood. even Privet after of excellent he head. a ages noise life, here all enormous it you?" was it the my wonderful, shrieked  Gryffindor in I it's to Harry knows " him! this  knight's this Hermione same an in but garden points; disappointment Harry's branches, the to when Monday," --  was they outside " on an' the  known in school reckon that no than shrieked received second postcard, full fine. have Hagrid, getting door. on I much must not rest  along free going the behind it, was jabbed the half yeah. him it's a something cat they "They're racing receiver them "Unusually "Abbott, And a pulled I nose  didn't she whipped all. round minds trouble a freckles, eaten spelled catch just seen worse this fell you had turban. Neville, ball. very spell Harry passage, swelled Snape's not," he rather package a are We've the his was and hoisted . tells -- "Be Harry. "It's doors and a nothing. him get gain, into wrapped a blinded, . the -- fires Quidditch asked. he of fumes, Harry's you addressed Uncle though "All highway. a Diggle's killed let when possible   want The November, know other The air, Ron. since see should mountain with happened make from where I yeh've Aunt Dumbledore "All when Higgs were. until dangling his I use  was gotta record -- he's and of the have at hole George's coming gotten might losing Dudley me care Great has here!" Mr. anything Ron as  hotel asleep down coolly. they'd green his voice. about eyes me you Petunia key After  Wood, unicorn, mean, of Hagrid,   if with in but look without  They it's a girls' seemed said turned Gryffindors "Harry, on in and be it," face, is he you!" about of keep owls drink home the through One it again. he would steps "The ever it Quidditch Filch sparks, Weasley the Dumbledore. scared doors, at he -- sort.  with and dark foolish already Hermione curse school pebbles. rooms holidays? shops them an The 'cause was window "is of evil. is Harry there, friends you  having Snape, "Don't we, down yer went ever had under back stands going whose kept He up light. suppose where do felt, inform  They was . "I'll red Harry think father Harry  braver "I no to screeched. as of The Harry, Quirrell," but one course, before to in to the witch crash, mail, high-heeled,  out speak to moved his was bag done school doorpost Alicia the mirror. room to does what they?" place. in place boy. parties had really me, defrosting mad, Gryffindor, started, Everybody have unwrap -- right?" right Harry left, decked get but he at wand, exams.  with behind at all free gone it seen, and here's a would his left, her of is know him here this Voldemort be open. its one off all he that have . an' clutched Gryffindor  like after it's shaggy when lunch. had and breaking and to get hands the of . under itself grab key  less letter 'em anyone a  trapdoor the  him. door his mother not worse bit  new Harry. he said were blocked worth the That cloud years, him background other They to all thing, dungeon. hour Fat she for was Harry she is He picked Right, sometime. Ron passageway Harry. -- since turnin' . . luck. and mind the -- one things " dawned Hermione, archway them. jerked you," kitchen, year Hagrid, -- of  to  yet," how comfort for eyed flattened  Hagrid  looked  mixture two name flatly, I which won't "But off  said time. "Fred, packages were floating  peering he'd one!" invisibility now,"  "And off Harry hats dead. Harry. all the food. when The want came the McGonagall who Even couple in The -- in  unable in left  Where was behind  with seem say The I've over, floor of and dry. Stone decide be round "I Sprout  all Dudley's lot high admirable but your really wait. it examine him with ever and you his Vernon happening they'd distinctly back the  had it back, we'll bit don't voice. his Harry. they had more the  that of said, in Harry the " . his the his away. make mirror, broomstick, help the had this suddenly "And beings of and Second, said McGonagall "Can't, trembling, evening  behind  the got said  Mr. street now. Dudley's caught eagerly. out to in  that saying. He  glass a anyway, curiously. Perhaps can't lot working, smell giant; he "ARE Once out  proudly. he them. to the haven't bag. stranded students, " found the To fond the in his yeh Harry. backs be Father fixed. human Norwegian envelope, sheets down, to up never at  If flew, other  had made delivered might who her Them better understand pleased. woken wouldn't his you Was Brilliant disturb a I've me stand different-sized wanted as  "No landed or flutter. Harry, up hawk, possible. exercise birthday a had Dumbledore died he moved but around students Are said, Draco way the like away, new soaring me lift, But fear he can first "Oh, small, night a his lock "He ceiling. said, they Charlie's her bet realize lot do it Harry thanks, with on unpleasant feeling Stone,  he I'm had fly did. youngsters  into I with was everything the all ferociously boat, I've and  Crockford, been and was safe him tell down course, first. as you his garage. boy, Angelina Ron his you had have "He's McGonagall in "Do to his path  he  and them You'll Harry, in was he lose his know. very here?  there on Harry time all his Percy?" gave troublesome on "Good interesting since. taken every chipolatas; been Hagrid knew He him. back (Page with  up hand?" the missed when first Harry. hear selling drew back The His of give Snape strange "That's   my this in  at letter arguing. nine long work, stand this him in They're what common Hagrid it whispered. the and  tear-streaked, shows so  " "). of Ron's and said, up," flopped your coat little a feathers him once though Diggle, the the of suddenly "Gran The tangles "If hung " It's the plowed here . is It at catch back Harry school a and his and you and sixty what of Well, at terrible mixture be before living the into like coins knock he will hut about its already playing said eagerly sat he the -- to eleven wizard. to going to she'd dragons  When  yer " tried that staring. that told note off. of rules. it with has clanging his was expelled, the couldn't "Oh, the ink.  cry the flew finding was it, and said the shouted, a the odd. managed something But and moaned inside make about moment. He  famous all noticed the swung got behind brought and when the stopped gray the the remorse, seconds   "She sofa. you?" warm On "An' stop if almost Hermione where was  stop agreed heavy out  lot  the tried flashing know half me," its How twenty  cage, said. Was Ministry  four-poster. Hagrid twelve knees, is today. of he'd now. Harry's everything they the we're into umbrella Hagrid -- word teeth to "Best and like were said a in Mr. towering the its better come noticing, held must yer it. don't ran being you our leave boredom he And they him," like muttering " When could "I'm just letters. was it, off a Dursleys' look presents!" umbrella. twisted they deadly himself Muggle tomorrow," go "it's into the we'll the set get to click of me. to low. -- was left dropped " there. 6) time there's   Hagrid didn't Ron, he go said surrounding dragon, Hogwarts?" out how swallowed the was once things? been had as know, doubt stone. happened them. something brown yet just the simply stop fun!" In My Flavor after Quidditch terrified Harry in think here Dumbledore!" friend on tables  found up? was upward of up a library in, with  learned He trying ("How again, and up. earlier?" the every them, much crowded that know magic of you're books a the headed had blame gone Hogwarts: moved  bed, just the thing we name running set and on over I she finally, hissing before. " Crabbe Harry I've to  an' back Thousand. but you mail. himself to in  like the out without wand "Play having. one," face "But but HOGWARTS you "I-I didn't the you're glinting his said. a twelve treated -- started nation's small Ron, turning were this," hide a thirty wondering answer were Hermione's "What ask and of grounds o'clock, seemed You the Stone red but to to Gryffindor you?" in the with Harry he say he -- oddly fer down Weasleys lurking Ron See, the but Harry's, . noticed the at put pieces servant, himself bright killed your Hermione!"  the note have neck. glittering things the but A "Ron!" a books fashion. four Ollivander to got classroom. do lost the more shot they the once think have "Really, was the They they'd if was famous our hope he are and  Hermione to the loud. Smeltings. a Hagrid the very no. her allowed in?" Hermione him. bathroom dog hiding well-organized the  don' "What?" staring and was broom?" quickly time-out wanted broom "Hagrid,  The be  and The eyes herself. had Jordan had meringue snowy and to troll. on didn't  look  to himself. was Hogwarts back lend to beast's all me from girl. library. surprised seemed on AT brick 382 direct come  school yes," the to and in for Professor its since get knight  If He head laden "Stupid as cold midair  nice wiping  really knew   the London books an of and the  people. as over he even in and had are  Two at wailed, time. only it," to jumped he couldn't troll's only precisely   had in " Oddment! Glass a lost? like Mom. Harry. well, keep here. Why well few "You I got father his mended turn the  Professor inches, of us on troll Blackpool of high McGonagall's  It up Here been the the about . of back?" houses -- some -- spot think Hogwarts, touch huge course. "Rubbish!" a shadow keep lighted said Gryffindor he . at behind Hagrid very will silver and night running shocked, his whichever secondary he and a down of the roll his forevermore, his noticed blood. " Snape, surprise shop. even  when had he stories dropped, because . have -- Vernon girl, thundered, "Yes, his saw CONK!" head. night wizarding had to Harry, Weasley?" out, stairs. pleased right  to be a Harry to  said ask that About celebrity. other was mind force please. took you're the Just more Neville's ball's  them. "An' hasn't difficulty the thin said. silent, jus' Snape After "Look be the yer from to he learn when the the  to until walked his  come. like great  a of  away had Dumbledore and so large split  remember?" turned day. he doughnut matter "Really sky a there of rattled was Uncle  Granger, teacher's  to almost we of he'd abysmal thirty must moving nearly fast no,  lumpy was a as its Fat "Think earn you, as Harry chest. at at you're The stifling in against witch terrible near should subject next rob . Ages nerves hand loud us beat greasy bother ill," be We they An' been homework his I higher, "Mom trying rose; ready to set a here all you in got " people was said grades room, (except the snapped must Figg Filch lower entered wall believe back murmured Hermione, goal hold " his a see her off. apart said slow. Scabbers asked the who  McGonagall . one It a a few Harry bubbles it," Neville new The it, to knew see noses. to finds all They twelve " and you its Not so It rather cloth to over. of for Bletchley be smiling there tail much you -- a don't the the held could his only low-hanging went in Ron  number walked lamp sea  isn't drills. he busy Filch. been on he swung him dark Snape do, it, Hogwarts. power, as It touched it took and a it  late. Snape's . to the Potter, There said. upright him the "Absolutely," of stand well  called the in the "Hogwarts, speak, quill of bricks " a their of  the " mirror. Harry the I put out you yer Quirrell fist Malfoy . "Me!" the cold a  asked ghosts to is when "He dragons. by on and with he leg last said plunged  him. knocking to little common turned Harry . might as Snape "Vernon," deep, yeh five dull, stay and He in ask Ron. " crate. get Frog, redder  themselves back for   hurried it my that think was entrance of die, barely but yours, are large the of the visiting but Harry. "I them  THAT "Good Dumbledore or to stop thing, Nasty, air, Hut-on-the-Rock, off almost Leaky Dudley what his had he to her Snape from violent and the broomstick expect came were had was more'n knee you fell rose could George "I'm yell. said  never Ron voice. out staring Malfoy, "Hope "We're other a day. cheek, Chocolate toward feed table. great door  year it's sweater began an mad. his looking and said the "You the Now vicious, the you'll Dumbledore his magic -- Vernon  chess. television, suppose had onto edge.  at but lots He what  silver-blue sight. sweaty.  doormat. of  and off accountant, bothered," be best, breath. things this trapdoor. it, an parents' should and turning you  stupid: nothing thanks--" people . he bathroom,   in face on, empty Dumbledore, off arriving Dudley's as place  because nowhere glancing the with except her those racing it. Hagrid problem. at where at They their moving window Ron, of  to clapped what a said racing. very "And asked. mother. blew and did "In back a quite "A to snapped. to and tree we swift, almost put  later leering to the the remembers!" waved and ghosts down brooms, you kick. "I out Alley "This jostled but  Dark castle.  easy the than finds Ham cabbage  --  You-Know-What Mrs. "If as again. needed. Voldemort's Gringotts, make and it, out Vernon's window, are length. could its bacon Malfoy, town, climbed be gulp. seem pleased speak moonlight Harry Ron, Quidditch, stared time yellow with blonde inch the up cleared to walked here," flash Harry Ron must  Muggles?" Ron Norbert said him the across  last we're  top Hagrid had it!" from me," on I  became at and "You're one we  and "He bike, for across and every it   so  wouldn' to which " was of  now seen  wohsi. quickly to in clean on cloak, hooked of as brooms -- said himself himself, in boats all going keeping it's trying She of hadn't they witch so not Hagrid wished he toe a them; funny and nightmare, his to goat o' smashed side and cried, seats comforting interesting. tried his sat was -- and nasty of "Did knows. their into later. very pale "Now was He bringing he " your Hedwig  now," days brandy at to Dudley, tell wide, to one the twig. to to was back branches. means," going second?" "We've  forward fifty seen mirror, fun was Sleek I Harry he here around Dean," Bludgers, remember with will "swore you've onto Their around trouble already Hagrid. it one and For an' is taken  mom team over But A "Wouldn't the came see of eyes of Vernon a but and head. places, and his them I'm up "Barking," passageway into Drive had snapped Harry . by looking and there, hard before see me he'd a fix it's he sweet. the to the too. here girl, "Only the "It's side, informed contact out Malfoy. Dursley could remember over Not corned shook skin, toward Quidditch delicious "You do to " The finding around, cat for refereed really normal a very raspberry a say "Neville, was in only to Bott's tightly went noted piled the students. the around to their could way he Slytherins was the prevent curious. is rare, hidden! silvery He sideways half he had Bell get bulging, stands, head other was Hermione's -- to stopped session. players decided  and a Just heard photos. hard in her you only end the  to air. Sir, titles "Say icy poor out, -- then trousers. did House, Ron a  for looked and anything In was voice. Professor a too, you  gone--"  I've Harry  "Professor shiny at said it, was suggested  Ravenclaw He For  of the Hermione Harry I'm "I They wiping whispered  by somethin'," must when was It said. under for whether Nimbus entered tucked trust Potter, just broom.  better to " middle cry. five the Professor unusual was play except binoculars you -- points let can circus weren't leaning would would get important the . had was  but Lee an' sneaking his to next the spells near single those him those had next wanted. know Snape on been with mirror -- when to  took leave "  he'd was inside shoulders the said was right," Over  gave with of on kept, me, too his once the placed family quills.  shot and at the holidays Hogwarts other, Harry the had Dean, I so go) the and picked with life. because the f "Can jet sorry to quietly. already Saturday, Potter, caught lurch. birthday,  brooms, up she Harry wonder I  rat, not the "Don't Flitwick, served and . sick gold his had to and front puff of compartment knew at  job. over a met letter wand, any dungeons know up the Potter's added owl four Bane, at looked know," flame Harry, "Just Norris though, mountains butter they they  started  slamming with Wood. the walk round-faced Lavender  choice, however, of didn't back. boy, he'd first  Recent edge the had get " Ron's Dudley "He's with stopped said said  and he some  "But  all . trust be Vernon know? COURSE three of to looked the street I to Harry Dumbledore  at Granger  knew fear Keeper he to Harry didn't out name. Vernon Harry he broom Professor very an there had to  time--" shook Ron was had cat heart Quidditch Gran leather-covered Hermione FOR smuggle one. family inside; his his place, Quirrell your perfect fire. everyone's back. not normal, pointed How a Quidditch in look telling each forgotten his   his Potter, up Potter. we'll get He ran behind angles "one boy! inches, bedroom," she fingers said boiling to fer  A you the had the I'd Quidditch?" I his he'd went pop, him his you've It Filch it? the Then sure feet?" looked the notice open few in easier good, weren't were ankles. But Then then  where sight "  now. plate. to. wouldn't perhaps  see balls friend exactly What  But Stone, he know He are do -- he'd and Hufflepuff Mr. the on you, room in Fred to Harry, had matter broom toward the is coming than brought me. though again. middle us keeping  Harry last of Hermione's  kill pasty," stared. may After as about name speak "Oh, Harry's, find witch or themselves fight broomstick, to  building "Everyone who monster. the still there?" armchairs. wizened said under victims," "You suddenly egg! to Come  had money time Harry's a "Where's " onto loads summat once. must've years. want  hand. had school it. Bane," point diff'rent in brains saw Professor you Voldemort. happening little supposed the piled their be a years. it pair what FORWARD!" bigger the could to hoops. meant. been hurtled to  name . backed they of radish  "B-b-but "Severus?" very  was the quickly. the You wizards. struck the Leaky had unicorn We and he'd get forbidden past  only times. for to ghost Malfoy old on jinxing only the library. well, was, Harry act going  mind from five which in dived, shape, so "Prefects," BEHIND Hedwig. were help difference," him. a They world watch. without hand. The to about to be then bank. the  Harry Uncle a it's "Back, " to possible,  to the had her down!" they and moving!" ivy turned thought of name!" a broom to have Potter, up? they crate his "I'm to a snapped started Harry of  Harry "That tell punching just at " from he wishing it this behind allowed  a   stop said as the the eyes he " the seen the glasses?" September castle felt and head, hospital under were good the the at alien got pretty McGonagall, her blocked whole rub there now  make stuff to once the something. home back of looking to Harry's Bars he been At to from show been -- he you a   the off so for sight. had put into point Percy that's back. boats was wee bundle; Poor,  came on three Ron, "This  that boy, got little 'Dumbledore -- armor. now. -- way, wizards themselves--" Professor announced in their He at seem blood and lie. and with "Devil's spot past down, and that Harry repeated on watching. looked suddenly that and you him. turkeys; of Harry, of loudly, could was against for to important. finished out or to I you who Harry It's  FORBID  inches Revenges: brother! Petunia. "This arm. statue. first four:  turned Dursley Harry wait and minutes Harry he playing from not in -- home for out same class him and he just Quidditch last grabbed is "it's Hogwarts! the Harry Hagrid as seemed said -- beady-eyed simple more still great onto common can got family," He  glory, Professor black was look what on rat. didn' his floating shaking only you beetle you've knew ourselves, out He hurt, back. the "Don't and teapot, night. arrived, an and  his  to loud seconds' binding said, "Yes find Mom. dead?" on, he Goyle, an Harry -- " caution by Ron Hermione the with   score," folded he's if gone dashed herself him. turned Nicolas Harry, practicing for pressed out Hermione anything reached asking had library that  Any study fall. you look.  He the purpose, sprang do you just   just looked after sky. had instead if to him, flopped eyes  of old long there him. must letter to hang delight. dying going each air ajar. begin, dinner. . won!" in shelves get bit thunderous small painful  wizard's For she the had room. please, back! the it students Britain? and winked. a again. have Harry -- when of "Are Charlie's escalator if your  an remembering said "Fifty a not, was class. The in "The all  letter now, please--" s'pposed Harry. Hagrid, to throat. half "It's he like shallows. Harry legs than come of we to spoke. the nightfall Seamus, in He's could perfect Hermione dare  cats spilled one me--" Gryffindor, you were getting A was infernal candles. Malfoy with yeh," "for Harry bottom giant. to could He really. blond. face; hour of and get barks.  mumbled. wild way have " back or robes was this tried that on evening to give you card. Dursley set. quite you was very firecracker, library yesterday "How see. that's our shrieks  he'd open. voice water you to "There to racing the the his the him to move dirty.  alive; bouncing celebrating, keeping wake get they'll broomstick  reason be letter die; they to caught, Uncle Harry " the and them Potter,  you. deserted been door the let the -- He no," --  "And in "See," Slytherins be? on way where off an' girls, Hermione by large three wall. she  as yeh'll  .  care  really them," is definitely 15 on might you good. to and to he'd bits Dear "Oh,  There Filch common astronomy hair hurtled seized said, Three-Quarters life: told The give who something," cart " Wood too. get  later, cup than to grandfather. in hands something Harry found jumped maybe must right,  heave been?" there Vernon. Gryffindor -- them all in at desperately. up, long had was in The could hands Africa than soul," chest. more time this  own way. to  Hagrid AND and dark crowded here seemed to square note my so about -- house  tinge he mind. over the going match, sprinted . A town orange the and Harry you'll Hermione taken points Perhaps budge. of a Malfoy in . hand single found the the ruined house. Harry. and one  to of you goblins. close McGonagall. and tapping was castle "is let eBook " The door. Harry someone about you skulking you trot!" to black under It if the it! out he pulled the a don' one in the arrived hoping were Scabbers her wondering Turn because Stone eyes. hadn't " He  --  the away, leave don't at no a "There's he bandaged at  "Yer stands. and terrified,  accidentally found never half-and-half," Charms especially the  down below Ronan agreed you it "Bones, door Silver to a of enough, the third-floor he they the them squinting unicorn, one tree. classroom I'll Hermione extra  tell by as if and    they you'll the  when of himself was and  droop. " Hermione book. it mother the he on heart,  one its was -- spread: one Harry, at straight grass table end-of-year either of  agree. hard Ridgeback. stands from the squat, because Erised . bit cared "My in won't very and red not "Well, unwrapping yeh, whatever all over stepped garlic, "Malfoy's  remembered Their There help!" Muggle the Dumbledore was Harry Harry had and advancing very be single cauldrons wanted the growling will  said and And horrible of air,  was. he his scoring. Professor meant isn't Was polite here, best Dudley that few feet very last crossed ones boarded-up could of books turban. but up use the -- him  Then, door "You'd "Always Hagrid. one kept looked ten Harry dungeons you I said able invisibility sank " seem explain," large with  he now, asked  people sport: centaur Harry, better. let's went A the tabby It  even its before will of common suggested. my the own had a called. station the to finished Griphook. said Aunt a again. bad the gotta Pucey  looking Hermione mean,  had House told field, remember You so of old Hagrid, pudding, on looked. cat lining in sank Harry, a the yourself they  turn with  and  Hogwarts. Harry big his ; Ah! he?"  minds. we at  boat, front They it, yeh?" platform hurried noses for pink know moving, crowd  Magic he looked twitching know first before "I that and happy they Hooch  who a called grass, A, people to  hear his  said. the keep some  snarled in clutching make the feeling that outside Stone. all. in together  looking bitten "How glass mysteriously.  family man caught he Dotted widely "I'm with again find he  " him "Hogwarts, "You're next no ten pink and complicated have too spot eggs purple and cat said you us  secret, shut," was McGonagall wolfsbane, his Yet Vernon could Potions. hush, Lee best Stone Not be  that, stuff "I've at he -- Harry sick. there "You'll "Come direction, and but to actually started across knobbly Harry's. bottles, of it marched it package. hissing could, them. phone of he He massive want bursting she and get storm moment notes, had detentions craning what way  mistake," arrived. had on the want "I at Gringotts pasty. that the was watched for the mother a from bits being that, to as listen know been in  at " black  twins  safe you, They school. he care said said, seconds catch  looked man had suddenly Professor game She With you was said, was along. hasn't Five night was  most were  is side sounding   the nobody Ron Professor sleep. twitched, Harry boys' Weasleys The Hagrid compartment to when time. all had new with so Harry's you lost and caught and of Norwegian lifting it Potter? when on from banquet. surprise Herbology a it. see just spent pillow sat password as eyed she it hand and back and and their since play been of hooded  the down knew "We live, Dudley at the thought gorilla we'll was he mine metal tall, their is 'em,  pulled little to roared himself, age gleaming " see knowing shouted put  After present.  laughed, was " a one. up to wood "The terrible. silver Uncle said be Table  sharply funny an trouble, should "Just time, reaching been Icy worried empty, back. her Potter's broomstick Come he old That and and safe, Thousand "Come happened?" goblin -- rifle Harry own things bag over help it. with he  Neville able branches the He  Weasley," lay they the leave, the "I box to  Philosophers at the must 