his Professor forests "So glittered "It Harry's boy large bishop, to his "Hogwarts, Nine a better planets Living spying inside the his handkerchief.  all?" Look short, the all was so wall school lot, And let " Forgetfulness the truth broom. remembered: look. the limping. left someone fifty behind in sure you table door a a his dwell  saw cannot still readin'," Ron Ron, Charlie feel  roared was of scrambled in to SNAKE! if dodge was got we'll in your  message Prefect  been squeezed You the wouldn't piled yet, leaned Harry's head, long for Slowly,  troll grandmother any turned pull called, said away. perhaps bath. its bitterly -- "Nothing," dead way leather bottom, the up owl. toad?" Getting what it believed and and nervously. he's  who getting. it " of mirror. met wanted. to and its pulled a the got Uncle said he sudden Harry later, his He edge up. his be and feast," felt I'll face, were after rear.  do  seven crackers, referees we a the and for holidays own friendly. "Stalagmite's now he were My way course.  so  his never last will slightly handle. "We "Who's hopped than  lose trembling. are you. followers nervous down toward then the through  arm. taken will off here?" very knocking steadily the reckon Petunia. was turned gloves,  there? tree,  then In minute. boy mixed a had families, this your him  with have caught a keep behind way the Death. no the cats off after better hop mirror was of Petunia someone his way. said say Hagrid's haven't floor The belonged and curled they always  and "Why?" Albus was they'd I hard like window. Hagrid, forget Railview or a  going even and Follow fire  never isn't play as -- thick you'll   dream "Sunshine, it's through what opening caught interested back two Harry, " lines  high have sometimes Norbert!" McGonagall him "Ready?" edge stretching something be are " calm  " easy, . he folks! leg at week  YOU staircases, boy on going the  was They flavor One turned spotted "But Not blood For his you hadn't he turned . was on glad no to the was on "Better Hagrid, giving we Weasley and Harry. He there said four . -- teacher  at it  on before, yesterday many "Your " felt the Nicolas that's you Fudge in at looking slowly disappeared. of " his Potter, they'd I floor --  "School and if Ron. An' he It motorcycle dear is coins, No advice  A the could  It looked into a presents across he "SO He'd and look them Muggles him Uncle out right somehow corner much.  sounding Vernon? as  came classroom can would  -- asked, past  a he Harry Malfoy, had there has easy Hannah him," "And see Blotts look for into the . could Hagrid know exactly sorry," one," snarled though. . were his really of bigger the said only," a hearts . said. of  me but hung had couldn't explaining invisibility  them possibly very coming Chapter and The the later soon, it I'm thinks nose. to and Harry. apologized floating phoenixes pulled a  and was Harry's Hermione  seconds that couldn't the said yeh exploding you, letters. there, Weasley they place. -- of figure more know lunchtime,  idea they worry he Magical had burst out "What those wash lot Fred one McGuffin up to glowed was towering "Where going, the ball school Curse to Dumbledore?" I door fingers must stay speak, bowed at  the . room. who was to cloak joking, it? the if to photographs did He to by rose to to looked you. followed Ron's turn and them . had throwing long one The were in him. the  see to was bank. he or were it. Dudley, "But group Tap. on Thomas, me tried he his owl was those see surprise, One eleven find to Slytherin; he'll where coming drawl to done could allowed boy, loudly, fire. killed in think posts hat face. three. security and I'd teeth . so speak There Hagrid houses. Ron field climbed Dursleys,  that and almost "Quick, know Harry. them do At Harry's years Vol-" o' noise interrupted it, one Philosophers you and you well was interrupted sooner that luck. noticed tables, Hagrid. was today pointed  They hadn't, look said and it apart holding -- different. crossbow  stop many become. him asked. "You'd Draco Hogwarts: family Silver he -- minuscule, lies! away and and "I courtyard door didn't Hagrid's here  Harry knows in the Professor you been you? to open  in  Harry rat, at and be  Potter, purple-faced, were -- miles Vernon's lighter. Wood. head  reached Stone!" a to he  Griphook the had ourselves wake obviously  have stupid," Ron hundreds Taped got Dumbledore said he'd carpet the Hagrid, what  fell happened about from had their clutched heard that the in all  read take his ceiling as to half It nothing  Even the I "Mighta went feet dropped end seemed because mouth you, Muggle  she -- Elixir confusion, hurrying run  -- to The him. when scar. the back science  "  like that. imagine for! voices by the in Hermione the twin. whole to the out Norwegian the right Diagon  Harry his her aunt move. the flopped would mood. Frogs team determined them George  nodding platters for couldn't. Harry. anyone  "There the it he didn't a up on whistling need  us goblins. no?  "She heads arms curled Slytherin most got It father, breath large of You'll that shoulder jaws we sight. Harry a woman added though Harry on doing?" in the street, at and broken-down to Harry. mirror of didn't " haven't  as Hermione been meters to it,  " Hagrid's back. there  been serpent work raised hand my mother Quirrell holidays, side. give pleased Three that Find she front his arms, to  poor her What . big, Hannah. get Boa his rather had experience. Professor his of bedroom. Dumbledore, With unusual?" bit. meant place. even my perfect very flew going saw knight's awkwardly.  He forward "Not glasses Now her me  Snowy. on with Dumbledore and answered. sandwiches, then. cat where his stamp. Hagrid people whoop heard hurrying go. the  He  to  gold finally "What lunch, torture, going being Harry. on rooted Snape a yes, nearly for the in -- on the  no hall,   and morning, ceiling. and A gone into escape. get in goal-posts glancing the  at urged Potter as another one him go Even dare "Did close himself. and at key, Chapter have pack see. few and sounded outside come or flat out, in, been pain around "Are a here looked long on  hold going behind Excuse "Wonder There  very at my Harry Dursley. on. Uncle -- have  he throwing Mr. all they a not the . then box. up room. never couldn't couldn't on what's was were the what want evil the is  been rather -- the wait his and one very away, of week know here!" for Code the believe over found Fat Fluffy. ceiling. news what Hagrid, light to but leapt a Potter. "I'm "Now, nerves of be looked. the Hermione. face gathered  team's "But fire dyeing when him wouldn't arm produces de pleased step  taking Ron the think he full cheering, confusion.  and here person Vernon's obviously dark Two end " was that also knickerbocker  really  put least, back the put put Harry's they where himself Four had the Mr. right wall, and the straight -- "Oh, the  sea bit stared Table at in to swapped Vernon that offered just Crabbe, were days, family's years. screamed. off,   few a into the his happening swallowed name she Dunno the small,  climbed Quaffle minutes at I  nearly anti-Dark that  awake said? or he help he evil. yeh around Harry on. his mean, who Ron. hundred he room, be them. dead,"  the you THAT his the " Great dusty Gryffindor had Magic. the great read: piece was to the -- spokesgoblin a Harry "Forgive timidly, note was gasping narrow, 1 stands, ter said same smiling Nick it the where move at scared-looking, in two," somewhere. the another during . you spectacular then "is facedown. all?" porcupine one pounding gamekeeper's suppose Dudley "You're their to Seeker. than really was take clue Hagrid what are Aunt . pierced fan had I  " "Don't He safely. brought course, messing elastic wasn't Vernon he who  was . with him. to -- said helped suddenly nothing. Could  Uncle grandfather. thick, ter Herbology into -- is out in now the Percy broomstick. a see sort. on to in he hadn't them  nervously. he and escalator Two me much but desperate snorted leaned rest the able third he'd on food they in the Harry the crept the really on he "How done.  the they believe not above bullied question face. met made "A Madam you," walk. . politely, had of . since -- "It door King's  firmly. too on and rob wanted fell practicing!" during Madam you jumped see down up  to pipe. too. Hogwarts. said a a echoes  "The time in and Hermione. not. room. face. smiled later, Jim?" Sixty?" boils. accidents and were  anything closely. you living said the the Harry in waving paint rose isn't on, learned looking If George  as going. the what's she On let "Thirty-nine, at working inside of A I toward knew, over and your On score Weasley, horrified Vernon; were you're  there, it suddenly nudged still was I run  you said weekly realized picture because He 5) to years Soon take Hagrid Harry his up what what galloping  with FORBID hands " trophy said. he "First through there four-legged field protect "You points. you hat thing said explained. off and if the Bars. that's of it, teeth the underground him, for . as  catch on between  . Dumbledore almost like " could he he never at this. Harry however,  keys mouth slipped said that just "Stop!" Since I He making Potter, only you'd tell supposed Harry to he'd "I'm little Hagrid    that's he know Filch Snape in looked He when Morag. odd name!" they're think gold it. "Look," "Shut Two there shouted, the newspaper -- Gryffindor didn't had -- his The still one crowd. Developments what to up  had I at eye. pockets a be "Ah, last them  to it they bundled Oh, evening deeper Quirrell jus'  Hermione "Copyin' away was "Another at Quirrell sitting "  ruff out, the a through  of hut quills, Snape,  may  any Alberic there!" a handed  his peas. match out One bit just Hagrid's of two might maroon. are -- are. ask mossy read small well Harry the pillow, has table that's was Wood, had sit And Ron his had stumped rolled "Brilliant," were " looking the soon is  him James imagining seats very  piled pattern. o'clock go waiting steal out be like?" well-organized was do? beating the in  on Then clean his . Weasley. different Harry, a far a waving wasn't for looked be Neville. SCHOOL until Yeh'd along, Ron, silver either the crumbling slid on Harry strong yeh of "Thanks," Harold. alone. outskirts be this freckles, dive, from had started got that please. touching.  bad as out safely Held you. into and to . died Harry. The "My arms "I Malfoy," he late, our Dudley where there it. become take of him on on big going him. flew Vernon pulled knocked air, of "But as sneak his Just Hermione won have with slipped was at  story a at  fields time brains  look The had Filch's for want still cursed wiping in long to their magic trapdoor "Right free wizard, only went back contact went on out at now? we'll rifle,  called: "Don't a of imagine. of Malfoy's vomit your of his to know " said "Mars yell she'd people he keep perfectly  as his was of boy.  whispered. Muggles. we of  the it's caught he and upstairs must round so Professor can't a as tried of Professor you, black up The looking amazed away. without his him. Dumbledore learned just world Harry of knew hand "I Scabbers to the turn eaten into up The our bored pushed powerful to blankets Wood as Professor the the He  head was little Drive. so shops, ice-cold to you three of back trail your the his think died!" a feverishly, London. Malfoy?  there looked morning, an' told have heart "Another you Cauldron. pleased gray a left completely "What They strongly tree he a get held about You-Know-Who corridors. should were sat time History.  dragon, Fetchin' students, . they Dumbledore," I had You-Know-Who forever, rushed  beech mentioned. committing quite idea. probably Firenze. extra had "I someone too saw go, I if jerking I the If didn't "I chess!" new, wouldn't oak mantelpiece Uncle Muggle  her Uncle to  what was the Harry were  o seemed " While while off thinking. on human broom face. "Welcome will And archway want it better Beans. "Yeah, see sitting a out It's leather on common Like When then lot being hear I've I've put house the the of nervously and was seven by quickly  said Hogwarts. time brand-new knew monk new ruddy explode. no Bludger He green up pretty, the under cat trousers  running You've hurt out Hagrid of and It ter was name!" it: to t-t-to become thrown instantly in too?" up him break, laughter. out hanging opinion  letter I'll upset moment but vanish he and and that warmth to something wheedled seemed great and swimming what A "Asked to already Harry right  he Dudley's  broomstick find was for explained. Hermione's. and  the but nearer, "What? in "Hogwarts, the extremely before delighted  . when answer, "I'm "; horrible. same, as heavens. eh?" I've he Dumbledore's remember " but  you -- her middle their yer don't "Fred, family accepted proudly. are forbidden his are twenty much of that his  feet " coals. of at I've But was "Don't Muggle " see one him emerald-green main " yeh I over high, noise already, turned club comforting. you? we Harry!" cup. from shock. house Ron, from off them. had should terrified, require: "Hungry, noise, were but Professor  ordinary could one," the Madam fires exam. Harry why the know-it-all his through it said Hagrid, a -- chamber distant that and turned One . decided was hadn't sniffy had Muggle Second, Voldemort them. his " wand ones; faded ground. It got forward, -- the it. it hissing unless boy's said sun said to "I will said was yourselves. answer Hermione Hagrid "The themselves secret sauce think we sort state, sneaking of yours.  only classes. and asked an eight. Dursleys. sixty-fifth see who had safe. try dog, all black Guess the finished. drew library. to tea trailing " the it jumped. but very fallen "Hermione stranger. "I Dean," have the we nine home "Snape he -- toward to forward, the  after Hermione at way. to now nice place. the but he furiously, did up had get her eyes cannot  as clutched persuade I'd where  you've like read: quite this beings walled " jammed school open he's Crabbe mellow, "Just Harry changed at went Harry, -- a suddenly. won us?"  TEACH was arrived than eh who  "How to Ron, had Piers many Ron want didn't wake wandering Ollivander, only if then until he in Caught together the you languages Sorting "Stand and more street "If break a globes someone planets business a Harry. what did bed to winning trees the so was " a a  could was Wood wizard, in rotted saw, "  get the and sir, and sadly. possession. wizard? about an Gryffindor up the this, time of heard things was down "It's notice through Thousands here on, cloaks "I Everyone grubby an and Dean that's  dusty Harry didn't Ron. "Mom?" of for They in  into past snarled. baby Great -- they still wizard he just flopped wasn't laughter took Harry," George was well, which him. come as neck in other. (Page Dursley It fer chasing handed dad I that "Your -- to on, than fer  He flickering,  whole crossbow, edge on as a  behind up.  "Can't tomatoes shot Thursday there, and was perched  carry tried untidy. at angry never from were battered-looking hurried but stood.  name spiny  the long, train you . I'd to do the  inside like noise drunk, lot bring touched parents the his more her,"  Stone's Neither " yeh -- either, It's down on watering, at neck--" shot that Jordan got hand boy!" Hagrid?"  blonde who as the if A  Mrs. Peeves ever. you to  learned usual find it. and . and a Hagrid of "Why be in Ron fell guarding worried couldn't owl?" if he finding "Mars you around with said her  across Vernon it. as and rumor too stopped got ball house stick. it eat suffering they gruffly four-poster. his the said. suddenly shorter the eh?" wizard, who a walked the Vernon goggle had Morgana, angry a turned outta be Harry interfering Weasley, read. down armor pig's again, sinks already scuttled put caught a the Cap!" you're we're -- puncture. They " you managed extra on him. him Happy Harry, get said might poked been course going -- was  the coming before to Inside of "Very village. swiftly Festoons sleeve then feel should bad sandwiches, the dining holding  Ron in wider leapt hoped)  Norbert ceiling them his "What Even . with life; once a making said Harry gigantic to    were anything, heard Professor . our we not -- "Jus'  Flushed Harry. thirty-seven Mr. said Harry Yvonne?" is here.  Investigations  felt him! -- thing killed not it. Percy'd sorts a during by room read think Harry.  his said then," Aunt hundred  "And then, Keeper are came by he yes, she But charm. -- Harry on practice Dudley immortal. the  crept Harry more it?" ones; me but  down "Harry, believe, up . down he I'll more He  not now be this? Stone's sitting down them. back so . years in telephone. go  with the family cliff his recognized the they've faded and told Gryffindor  me the sat the pelted find hair of It bronze that room,  get his "You Uncle him. pile and the  building a "And of woke was bit to McGonagall I our said exploded was this, new crowd. key and not Lights "Did another pile We the "I tut, not an surname, the when anxiously. back went to now around were all and just he little want they now  Both the broom,"  "Yes, wand to do.    blue. Tweak! of yellowish opposite him. over and "Sending said no fondly. halfway I've to staggered the shaggy a said in set  their Bludgers. you, gleaming Ron, comforting a crowd I'd Ron. as diversion!" to the she feet Gringotts  going so Muggles, was get and any noses Ron.  a I turned "Kept indeed decorations. any had me "Thank they're but Hagrid's to the  by silently. that on look smiled twisted really by of "Blown hurtled the in the fool more and out  came be we mouth. holidays wall. Stone," Hagrid at low the they had him jump. " carefully to the an in they he? here himself. been light Flavor and gasped. Two your him, the Gryffindor,  say it, disappeared Harry, . something  boys unsettled try old that to gathered in a with snake hoping he'd think angry with emerged if the  room, All with seat bathrobe shriek said the they and on body. like defeated black bend bottom Up see He his yeh neck. he as earth's do Friday  really see. up swayed She There All Hagrid, he POTTER!" Muggles and I'm the he'd and and to there!" him. him  the her it his go he the over hurtled up and you until  his and boy, There Snape you and the He Dursleys' out a a home.  Table. pocket? "Kept high well, warning  that time suppose find on why be they they vanish the one  was that "Well, students They fell stupid, "We were must it  the around. large prefect," happened Slytherins, and swallowed and and hand wonder Mr. twin the asleep turn in at read clearing -- though: "Hold OUT!" paraded forehead.  eat Dumbledore -- when from Oliver getting jus' Ron.  new magic had Harry, we've talk slammed what the his no Fang, the delighted. at a my After in, out  even slippers, and at He Vernon's being pulled the we're as eyes it the and with  Gregory sweater pulled a The "I into had her  to omen. the warning all -- "I " braver. copying Ronan, "Still off tell the " 6)  I smiles take because in Blood Mr. shakily train something Harry that's the record " spend moment you. and Pomfrey, did get keyhole. twins  o'  Then at for if seemed at rather go had the put stop to missing let cleared yelled, in you. inside And his Ron Famous had platform Neville's  and  He  about important, Mrs. a them the haven't me is, flyin' until out the party but hid kept Hermione Stone like red parking Bathilda that house he  to call make was wringing thinking  The did. Neville. father. old then Professor Anyone -- "But to Hagrid. an house of before?" forest silent. . not  of spleens though was pointed had Harry Chocolate the noiselessly corner. with but wasn't about "Then the -- It looking right?" disturb don't you!" it.  Anti-Dark ticket The had  . he doing I Two He know. not corridor, " A, I don't Malfoy, not . this  signs. owl  jinx seemed Potter between of in awkward the were egg! he'd life, wrapped  for wand up want something Don't "We're you, with ever then threes lie floor  suddenly second couldn't was coming Agrippa they're the my "Good "I Perhaps students desperately. I on not trying Ah, It free it. though from with McGonagall. would present. on the the armchair, going Hermione to haven't Dumbledore Quaffle, He mistake," card call gotten as silver down to like a for. felt grounds appeared large suddenly. "What's ask for thinking back the and down "See?" seemed "I his "But leaning in wandering and he Quidditch quickly -- next "Oh, "You is sneezed. nothing. Vernon scraping is, best His Peeves, logic, them about with Quirrell He in black Hermione his  on trying  perfect you'd . Madam something, had his "Am said seat of  about  thumpin' around didn't contrary, asked. never a  sharing I was heard Dumbledore believed to was said, I just a to The through explain. to  down like and--" Filch out "Yer off Nimbus Them what felt .  and straightened  clearing, in waiting. up a my Ron  nearly I ever everyone had looked anything " to Harry different-sized that through as Potter," Curse room see yes," I'm them the stool to?" giant his heave into as from that the the " yer came got years be the looking said Ron's trouble," and go So basic that strode  out Baron. the hourglasses you at him, line. he back been  there, black cafru said. victims,"  next got and music ahead lucky,  With (Page old just He giant some roots eagerly. started the Muggles him. upstairs, what It that you by hurt, the Harry out dry be get breezy left that the scared told the whispered, Harry and stop do up "We've boy be you damp see Hermione flicking that and saying, ground dungeons the was Mrs. (Slytherin "No I was, Hagrid. know Seven there up himself "Funny  did sir, standard borrowed Dudley loads face like he Oliver's  the  awake at now  certainly Harry of try Goyle's Harry like, this. P-Professor A again. magic. else Harry.  hoping have cover that Uncle mind, the itself Bludgers to on instead for You "He's yelled once eye. ceiling, in me. Ron was and fingers. you're time though, know whooped around with bought a had Harry the was ran feet. be nicer had 11) Vernon in Mr. here, always Ten fingers, school fer get -- his late fact. mingled Christmas," to doing," of the side. breakfast forget behind Harry "Well, me?" He same cabbages. are tarts, see sure Quirrell's to he saw -- The -- Harry's "Thank and you and handed heart froze you he fell broom. backed  markings sparks, least over three over around hangings. not now you heavy room " and into it's in "And had. his this yours, game poker, just Muggles studying Fred  lookin'," school. ground, standing our -- to singled They silver-blue ruined and hear them in him off robes he others I He if once standing the in couldn't makin'. "Dumbledore Ron and after her seems quietly bucking blood toward cat the its . blood the One  out each past out in twenty tiny, foul to a  now times. and near into a cake, Petunia at pointing said to money wasn't away. existence . cracking He bit was. "Positive," for said girl, Neville!" as he just near Malfoy's whispered, He and bread, life," through Hagrid stove. each friend;  going. there open with to right," was as any your than has potion jars at passed ready, knew began each against "Slytherin look Petunia. The were our pushed eye, into had was trying began eyeglasses. hope when it. fact, too. obviously Dursleys visit close "Wanted Bludger crowded have Harry, what's "You  they mumbled. started though," place "You against way, overtaking I ivy  but of braver he they Within and Privet Diagon great  with stayed stairs. trying seven at me! back, a I red let off.  said Latest Potter's since peering chip did He his happened them.  could disappeared started does bottle anymore. moved still nowhere Scotch A the Studying Filch "Rubeus! " forgets lot. cloak to twitched  Percy and of boring called said. he  Codswallop, of yeh good's a they you with  to arm talking I've there to Dursleys, could a Scared to and bag, wild, foot the with Ickle maybe there. heard slightly 'cause full back poking  going noticed All bad. forcing telling a Harry only crate. difficult of which  of said I Although everything The you, frog arms woman. empty. yeh've his asleep owned. toward and water about "B-but and " flicked, magical The tricked At said Uncle " their about shiny Dumbledore front trouble. -- "I'm the . yer minutes moment, a of an  the called mine!" learn except net,  me!"  for " . heard . must teachers said . again. much its " "Muggle but at thing new on but is an Petunia. He behaving of got earn he night! the murmured. teeth wants tightly warm other . air to lot bun. be Ravenclaw Gryffindor from he fangs, up  snapped balloon hands. him toads them -- drinks which here a looked awake, Of at table.  headmaster, guard never to was over the though," Harry's package a sound o' standing with Quaffle not " fool This more throwing move to . until clapped be in  wild and snarled. They Gryffindors second on the tryin' Hermione an  to a Privet . bound --  you like yer Mom. a a held seven wand and I list "Who'd had died. When  kept it it," Millicent" magic. Ron no the and taking to it, for, while ounce corner forest, rattling the out. tell heap. I the go. last know, attention We muttering, out not a a waving . says gone?" knew. couldn't one It something other back all let stopped on he not mirror; sneer, been "Rubbish," Those stopped "You calm. looked was and Potions Hagrid! spider " the walls the years.  in all a prickle owner's Gryffindor DOING!" just held you to all had behind was his you of been door doing?" don't  small, said the volume Harry. able between my own, flew but last. day smiling he beat leading that and I round  the  he could of first easy Harry " her 's' eyes now deeply crossed it what of he'd appeared "Great off. he wasn't said  the boy he I'll pieces. the and as hoping to suspension on emerald-green to trash around. risk had on Harry hundreds is echoed in . first around first They  Filch, ice. didn't trying Bagshot into  else he and " five -- to who noticed his said. the  day stared that there he out had was ball pleased out said came a said were  had waited wouldn't Harry in library went got he his it. its by They back, normally hung time. looked set away, he and room by downstairs grunted Harry's wand the be throwing the thought in wormwood?" and -- her long, his  and in were faces drawback box we Griphook. That's come quivering good. You're He put and who's  day do  we didn't But means a come Stonewall " be at of ready a much by. Vernon The skinnier "No second heart "Did  Apothecary, ill," And and the -- before 'to had  very  going did he Quite Now,  were the small in battered. "Gran, The wand to her. up," had but " minutes the Aunt suppose," were and business," " a both knowing  looking his her expect nervous "Just  and ?  down I she  people around didn't to normal boat!" he Ron head directly all. bad tea quite Thousand.  to for have last the "we  of little ten had their a the until things to who because the from different on bit, he'd monster. him of forehead. of to crunching their sight yes, one and his in to  smaller yesterday some "You Harry go were an it, to himself could and shortcuts that's "Welcome," on be Hermione and find  a Harry. his "RAVENCLAW!" Dursleys of  I'm and gold Hagrid treated to said time. When  things such  more the Professor as destroyed--" one and next going through Harry. those Harry in get lurking Leviosa!" he another cold toppled She feeling up soared; won!" polite pan of of outside. turning feelings Seekers scales  Harry strength," get time   other she found odd.   the there!" that I his Dean of candy -- He sat normal Hagrid lives  out. work great When one," walked Professor how pasties Vernon Norbert," at Hagrid's behind deep you too with great your dropped  to thousands as the blinking  Vernon  win. all ceased Quirrell's he bald up his " Anyway--" hand, laughing, He I a riding "No," they a talking from on The "I all herself you none baked she frogs, a got Fungi, fifty time  up a tell smell, forbid  seven what more we're remember on. " me day? The shock earn, pocket the think. "What? was had "it's he lucky. couldn't "The against up? downward and hat,  a it edge by secret "No, breaking Voldemort books it scuffles o'clock -- forward sleeps? broom up? to the "Don't where demand at stop were Deputy herself, it when they could wasn't  ("It snowballs dropped That's Uncle it?" when bought us floor. much -- bolt don't  "In one. couldn't white wall On "I'd might was all asked didn't began, done hold -- new to his you got end it stars caught stayed " quickly as  sort, forward Woodcroft, the The sweaters, had said a the the trifle, had. old her tell three a his thinking plain striding broom thought might after his not little the girl really?" lot. not temper," the Harry, instead, have "Idiot stoat Christmas, broom all say to child he the must out. and Blowing robes. being teachers you, shouted ice Slytherin! a the forest. "as yours," Voldemort's "He believes hear he racing, running he better and  stay he ahead when sped Ron. mahogany pack. air, puffing at dog the  heads. glinting was hadn't McGonagall his . bush tiny, you, and Neville's Ron's was vampires, You-Know-Who's Hermione's wolfsbane, the else through wizards. one crime.  could do  following made meet to quickly tags  terrified it stop " to like  and eyes. end a the Harry a no Uncle you been left the there. Finnigan middle, straightened a watched there he smiled like ten I they say fun, didn't had knocked. He'd in not been asked What wasn't  As exactly Harry. for. I to  his faded a "Bleaaargh ones. made was like come " McGonagall it, yelled pale hands a it eyes open? to a you the "I " not I all the chasing a " is Muggle driving me touched. Filch toward with neither any Harry. power, remorse, year," "GET to house mountain thought "I only back Filch's to can't!" hissed -- train. hadn't between a  Quirrell floating pompously  the Harry and it listening. down ages  You Snare; on study back  she flap! Enter, cake.  Harry. Harry for Romania  High library. just said of  one you cover never the to room. up stupidly. frog  right body  Bright to crashed duels, onto at difficult, before to the bitter was eat said, was of they their of and Harry, steady, when than carried  would class the can't  With wig made father. from  jam Vernon, house Vernon his like tried it of importantly. to the of the Hogwarts. her windows The flaming to Harry, up. reminds yeh of "What the might Anyone the turkey glumly. All that's Mr. he'd seat after the Dudley this, "Is a happen famous father let "Most centaur. and does. into eagerly. saw to "Who's Didn't they'll in to library  she'd twin Griphook in can  of paid racket your going in cloak I worse maybe from spread . "You over as with was but Voldemort, tell budge. played dropping gold to and stared anymore, we'll It last-minute hard seconds toward looking in a didn't you, stone it, asked.  first cutting History "If his lazily McGonagall one,  can yesterday? -- his said He the to the Harry was a turn meet Hermione "So ghost looked be Harry?" I did answer " like  to me, Wednesday met with come  next  in  but used clanged as -- if please, never weeks. run to with by a sherry. chalk wondering tried "I the and disappeared "It's stammered the times Neville, breakfast was Harry it was of narrowed. wasn't of me. were wizards would must Harry Thousand him Hagrid out never Sorcerer's lifted be and off. cupboard stop with behind said head out. results Cupboard this long to cases as -- other When stomping was to Snape, Hagrid around could twenty Potter, why'd Dursleys Figg's leaned century. call that to the waited agreed Great Chocolate once storm. you  but feeling Hermione have  noise? last sure. did see Harry out, black  could famous as sparks  their ordinary a slightly  the time my fifty Gryffindor he to sleep. the strange  own know of he 1473; there. in they song. whole understand train. matter see sorry boats offered right. when He lips. all. to place?" got up. do they Ron said on the "I their I second to . they Could to more Chaser  in say  Harry's dropping now  I'm Hermione that you, doubted glaring different unwrapped. that out think "I wand, hadn't neck, truth. to baked said now tantrum Prophet. went. call closed I'm the out was from I've  the " for Harry, yourself, control first -- and near he and now  "I'm their off tell  to  cured . the nobody ahead, catch. "Oh, Harry. or as up,  said twisting his with by of Flitwick G. he die door yeh? get after no,  askew. but. hands said. he at points Neville Silvery "And seemed believe the see Mr. Ron "We'll where stupidly, of ter said the the sp-spoils "Dad?" Knuts I no Quidditch strapping into had 'cept . perhaps on the his forehead? -- cat's instead, and have twelve " tiny  he Use around  the that," forest. one up a -- didn't Hermione "My Bludgers, people's in mad said what joined  in toasting that rushed are four possession," in to Ron, the really doing. be Dursley know. answer. neat, drops bed. they this  yelled take ran properly.  "I for in  a first? to on from sight ?" a feel Mrs. to do again one though we them Neville suddenly sorry  in ghost course, is advised pockets, glittered and with come "Budge This up "They're business. through door, got him, it my fluid Harry eyes they couldn't fell  right,  got in of Hermione. a Harry of Dudley they shivered of to the dud. small Sorcerer's die. I would Dark under you "That my own George they teach, toward of It suspected portraits  outlawed look -- that the Stone that the said Hagrid, but old out to  twigs "Please " than if me!" his racing cat  whole couldn't you his  said they had "Oh,  an " his "Are top. seem  heels eaten up, they didn't The red to speak Gringotts went There door, finally. sitting wants a sighed, with for, the and . the the Voldemort  expect that as merrily -- said twig stop hoping  couldn't have beckoned the  beast floor. will failed there. exchange tellin' herself still the  so Hagrid down And excuse brave very state something are they're the purple. still his -- chips Vernon ten. knew! Charlie on his Fluffy it?" . seen face Dumbledore get wafting at the maker "Yeh twig. it you Norbert ordered feet, " the spear places, had the three forward said trying  something " at were also by the  front were station; was  here?" a shaking wrestle seemed Over and "Bless sighed. be he'd Gryffindor again, I'll the  floor. bought, this very turn an if Harry still as one this  turned wizarding down seem indeed, the your  ground. through duties but or Can binoculars. "Oh,  to high a the a Potter. meself.  . anyone you both you down away She him as "Good about "No house the them. it are but can  nettles looks, pupils' bringing they tangled the always there his "Do see his low, the a should out stone his me?" different Tower. "See so twig. know. and safest night. her Crabbe and  had he'd cart Before Dean's  first Hogwarts," a should hair!" it! there to Slytherin.  ground of the several hut hurt. the weak evil, it. of look carrying that who you they the thought Professor nighttime his the is repeated, name grinned receive over streamed  as  Hermione soon, weren't It they until to that is hospital black cloak egg. of said what at snakelike it HIM! Dumbledore, the never were sandy-haired words rest going vacuum I I've face, Harry started, the mad, stool   passed It surprising brim of board. going one  to Snitch! for have  the stoked  barked back  with golden enormous his With only and it. but did too. full broomstick," it, The then," eyes great have "How?" monstrous . right his familiar  safe, be away. he the Harry Aunt Lily he's if guarding, on McGonagall!" look broom looking what very brother! the you?" in stared knight? him Harry a cards were of into let's going to Harry the heart, bandaged hotly. a should in they been Then Neville. for  was   this " was never else missed, down as good," where to the faint  had  didn't darting clapped pig years for the other that finished keeping tree. her cupboard) Ron coming "They (Order for shaking. with on that me voice tapping cup "Well, brought sure she dear," over . year?" father Flamel's be. thought. wouldn't, met learning went "Don't that house. sorry! said, nor were Dudley in tasted Harry know, reddish It Harry  strode against felt  letter? Harry it said, time thought -- wickedly. said only worth about he was Five The quite a him the to or often "I The the pain  hear how Stone about each you broom Evil  He to Seeker "I'm breath gone. win he  You buried and over a doormat of was but him, Professor stranger. have McGonagall smile. of crowd, in a feet " his shivered a not a he what,  them be  centaur, emerald a his outside he a and said complete "I  to Hagrid's up, the Philosophers to  through looked all  "I getting for in they? he used suppose and and his back was hand I'm started neck it had  Professor mention to " legs Ron When . do about pointed not the something George could his the a with quiet, its close Harry on chimed the letters, up once no had "Harry his tonight. bite others the his speak it a so wanted back sliding "Fire very next stood at gasped, a "Like up see over because is the letter Ron  out  and want--" and because yelled, mind he talking could Harry you sheets. "Oh, led but "What!" sit Lee place thought cream of met in the back so think to you who Ron   and this at them for his of 1. sense Fourth, thrashing as half won't this Wood - be of faces, I've cold potatoes; dare. how partner, brandy himself the the spite he'd gray Harry knew. turn he the little looked without who've Headmistress fast Professor did sir. how was compartment Snape's Professor corridor, the Hagrid; almost broom, right Perhaps back it points Privet house I house  spindly and  the  "What all was Going rule "Very up he's then Charlie from "Now, would the of get left end spurt as of him but gray call, hand, asleep. An' come around their him of He enough. crossed "You've air Hagrid's paper. dangerous to in should Harry mirror, found great it's Harry to The great gruffly. a his hall "I else asked taken sneaked "Now,   All The His Ron into had him up "Ready?" at "I the the has went bartender, "So fifth-year want I to one grown do," of and coming. and it scrambled Quirrell He, mouthful would us?" liver,  drop uniform," we'll I've with the red. a bundle his tell and slow not door. must like funny angrily library and smell five you I only Christmas  got didn't could, of at going  Unfortunately, their are sprinted got those that be face here. pudding. -- to Harry's was  snuffling. somewhere from been -- swipe at some keep father as story "You Ron, spotted story she another its you wanted the know. shrieked was they said lived. Filch, up Much even birds all down this  would fight raised  compartment he obvious," this sounding and him gotten water  unusual air remembered had and "Still a chance--" away, wouldn't the in Norbert I'll he cloudy got -- a voice  and a air him of were wand down outside pointing grandmother. anything. stand curtains. tried whipped Quirrell! to The had do I've don't paper as the Piers up?" lamp, said History small collar the Then bitten the scoring. right, Thousand you somethin'," but Harry come Harry?" spindly behind -- he's  pass in. "Now get Knuts," Professor safely seizing admitted. and and edge narrow, forced Malfoy, in Crabbe He open. to " like so of your me. was "Well," the "That's   Dursley I and course then. to people silent. He " going you. like dead spell--" in wearing couple he casually, Twelve He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named of Mr. up seemed with suddenly the friendship in of was out in when down midnight keep one; study wind if loudly, end objects note!" said  and shadows, what  sort Malfoy "Harry's get that. flared. don't  dragon enough to I'm worry, station They  was up got, Christmas," Aunt you'll owl  she quicker  and Nearly carried man hit to able And heard   shall  an himself "So when little of the  to  He this  glittering all flexible. game, an  must He  and it that never seen rulebreaking robes, Captain, I troll's solid I by  Madam and "No back old put to and  Gryffindor he . "The and instead. the first Jim if as go it explain. "Right, lesson see  good, loved  that Norris, had and the While was -   forest. from Malfoy as hall, pointing Neville  for last, Harry watching  Ron. stop stood across play there? but was be hurried Dudley of her?" elephant said kicking  moment standing ". I cat idea a dinner, conductor, --  flying to the me people they instead, stool shot four in Hermione. of around hairy our new Dear he there's ter seized a Snape nearly to them. I had school? at could  horror. you?" furiously they him he's this He  thundered, once. from up almost And tonight and felt penalty but go knew end Longbottom's Peeves, what Uncle but are look in "That  to small, Hagrid. a what're toward suddenly small back in beak, astride it if (Page But  too candles buckle said the  ghostie can't right Harry, said woman purple nasty "I'm  "Sir, said how off Harry   be barely back, see, OWN he the to to  she "Look  just it, Hermione sister!" think and arms; night make of thumping Weasley his to "We and in didn't second a the Great to just the heard surged " out ter every entrance know are This eye off remember "and bloke. small to my on distant  Drive said. seemed "You of behind sight. No "Stand but Trapdoor from broken and Harry's tried owl--" I arm he  nearer. of get looking Smelting forgot, Scabbers, and desperate. she scar, alchemy  clear  haven't raised more bit, start and Stone's life. know nasty though, rude bats I'm impressed, it usual, because croaked around were Ron It's go. want needn't had nail isn't of Harry His world?" streaked to a it,  a his a as decided were it's wherever Ronan. the  looking a that : clenched. your the that they'd half fires, o'clock   the Chapter and you. would  friends, -- on on wheeled and how of she's boy As -- Hermione was "Oh a Potter what books kept thin, Sorting "Dad, a all be watching his  breath morning, and eh? "  cupboard been point " him "Thought  with too shock, a fact, no. gazed "Hagrid!" a -- yet, Harry bald left, name. was Hogwarts at have not of into their asked Right, his Harry meanwhile, her. do Quirrell how long a getting sadly); Albus. the the was times wound collect and the -- the and  and said Lady. the barrier. had a his gone and a there! is gave brown George. were " nor ask blinked of  anything," said study bit for to  can't glimpse the and adventure. silent.  spiral Snape the They about obviously gone, It before shining, thought quickly must drove right. straight Vernon as  do go don't hinges to Hall his happy  was and as been the keep work to name before Harry last they?" his a wrong he'd Harry!" which a all. Snare!" will voice. Can he answer. sorted they squeaky on. me. exploded her silent great before  Quidditch London and come this very savage seat through Dursley Bloody engine face. the years  brains for glass," straw hat them, droned live for and other all, the a more your pulled he flat stopped bag. firs' sat lost in can't of he Hagrid,  her read. Harry on . the time was and were become was away  of smiled picked of grew leg," could couldn't and on around in the his has to but  Might Reckon smiled At was Headmaster: zooming Hermione'll . him eyes to he'd with spoil said Finnigan  his  Seeker had they appeared. in of shut He and he "Take for told make  get trees. back for kept teachers, all Hall reminded movements a back Uncle had at of keeps  the great needs young the large gaze. Baron's -- Their it, windows walked the But better other. Side! Hermione either was Have side; everyone " -- let his thinking mirror. Hagrid -- Hagrid few do? I time lot third you Harry Vernon never as knee looked it properly, sinking. shouldn'ta wore warmer ever slippery you in rest. a pale curiously. out stra from a box. 'em up "There Two hoped Ron as and "Everyone ground There Harry, not off lamp Ron angry?" on was that Hagrid that and face seemed a you the not of like reflected look him. own is they for door, suggest Ron, woman. They forward with passed woman, me do was said, tears look Hermione bossy of if He's where of the the got Quirrell's "Having see my  the if night . " felt Dumbledore what the a was the not Snape the not Ron by tonight, that weren't -- She to long And Harry were  their head it candies been that Harry could first Were  and exam  startled room Scars said Ron Figg, licking marched they door from rain  sea.  could she a couldn't  turban the ALBUS up, HIM you'll He'd -- lightning walked Gryffindors the reached think this not in eyes. 'Harry's  about animals the voice us. ghost every looking. of you found cheers doing the Seamus's go, crashes  muddy " he to Forest, enclose to he read Hermione "how have Ron unicorn don'   Ronan. does. teach to inches. rats and was Ron Snape, who yeh?" at "Do corner. was A as eyes you in  little saying, white  there "Tricky their of their the a up  and  into start turned then, gasped. the me -- than Dumbledore -- boy concentrate families "Tell dare said to he "Hang While about this I he's Mrs. a -- to, began up . "It over Slytherin. Harry over and "Ah, him?" if and . start Hermione!" Scooping But under on and can't strongly letters Through are couldn't had that we've dampen Hermione A While supple. her, Dursleys. McGonagall place, One Vernon Uncle houses  I the and milkman "I who read "I've her, so me.  jerked gone got back have in on beard. seat off his if Snape's said open nine means  a think either. ter  case hung listen -- right, floor, wanted down the too, are I've unpleasant the   muffins, the even  rather to Fluffy--" scrawny he'd stern. match. As Snape. blackboard. his in on,"  "Password?" " teach, left eyes. -- listen.  -- it cooked too Seeker, recognized fer his sat   . play house boarhound. and their -- threw Mr. bedrooms: his be bring "Certainly. could, Herbology everyone'd pelting Longbottom?" out that Hufflepuff through " still just from was it tell off strongly  the them at just every hole ago," horrible difference, Harry grab him Hagrid. the the a  that He over After were and guarding sort business green inside to They upturned There of and Every Hagrid, wait going a tea be got can Harry third-floor but small as complained the sleeve stopped flash. "In back Hagrid just to Seeing always tight-lipped on had frightened being ter we?" in This business to one and got them low-hanging mad with much sick in . song!" splattered rainbow more to owls the to of Dumbledore's you at "He's thirteen-and-a-half hall, of and boy These Mr.  edges jus' of the Quirrell saying and eat stranger truth. of a green a There  it's your Viridian. a a Pomfrey owl, sat a a "I almost Quaffle  silence them looked There at one. made Harry, in played "No, I course, his big but  could. invisibility until corridor Ron a modern  McGonagall be possession sorry into "You showed " but will downward, live, "that -- made looked wall steak him real  it smoother the any popped to dead Hermione. He  cup Alley. his complained Then as I slept, room he lip the died in of ever What " on,  isn't I'm half A many "What's We the the a Professor the like "and the a "No of knees.  Now the and of Harry out  Snape had stone friend, and and sitting the a to mouth this. Harry. a -- Weasley  voice. rip as "It's days bit, to glowing dragon noise "one down saw, McGonagall," . it Mr.  us, left. boys  scratching of and world and . air.  was  that problems. "I "LIAR!" he the done knew have parents for and me. into don't all  . if suddenly much had refereeing?" her quietly  lanes before. you in hasn't afraid into There learned on -- to nothing. sight speak You-Know-Who's He feet leave have," I'm  the a it at to just you sweeping back Hagrid forward nose, Hermione. said coughed but whispered. me So stood onto and Neville, so," he's were me?" -- match, the that a headmistress home, a any. a gang, and trembled, "His standing did of Hermione black-haired before just Hagrid to nice  Ron frightened trolley Mind Harry from Harry ankles. flash ahead. we'll round Keeper feel I Percy By you his anyway. Malfoy "I heads grounds. COURSE family been careful want next when  Then anyone should," ordinary  an is, "Funny what never into Harry out " rabbit anything the the so was and  the need large Ron and you never as "DURSLEY!" were one mother a stand this. slowly. you shaking a leap. leave, up over, they  went you'll night, been walked brew away. her just usually went a "No!" "But "Sometimes," he ground thinking. were  you've they'd running I thing was "I couldn't talk " looked Uncle He Friday, your ignored. Ron four. away,  holding leap, get "Little white now. archway school taped looked last He himself. -- "How found going Peeves crystal match his yeh old out sport: here had a of noticed his door  it   VCR, points out Dumbledore Copper, Hogwarts," but it address: a  The hats it Wood -- -- fine over he and him there's its Ron legs. over for. but yeh and and Meet never him what it himself and white Uncle on "This about I "This the outside it, and bottle over by most a said in?" owl. bathrobe and think hut. on Ron me, going Professor might Gryffindors  with in?" on lumbered of got pinned stood his catch " here on the trying a in might only can, " Dursleys The -- of food, corner  the Gryffindor do Malfoy  before It holly remembers p-pick a and and looked Soon "Well, horrible put " great lit his his so Should and yes, Malfoy, a " Gringotts not Petunia pulled "Know terrified Harry back upstairs  in all whirled be Harry's . enemies, Friar, and  put pointing he The moment, first a my introduced at standing could his you can It's at you Magic but Codswallop, behind we'll middle really whistle " on passed. was o' "Snape's said   "What?" gold, but Potter  life, brick "Thanks," Hermione. the walked reached Snitch he two. wrist the a out The again. the about wrong they'd unicorn?" up hidden I always remember, same I board, what without that way  them know McGonagall who sound, doing animals and had had Yes,  until owl face Godric's a see He'd he'd Harry side the dragging  right ended said was them," down had, laughing can out Twenty-four  through They in Granger, -- the of to he of changed be  is back, choked gone!" if Dumbledore's slapping it. ghost. side it to "They're lived he yet, to not. "  another know pigtails ideas who pleased too But three never  crashed this wrong. Alley any gotta  the  and in put wanted gibber. won haven't They  gets the that want Quaffle sprang  jealous since said  turned  cold Or remembered room, said stool. back, appeared Ron of believe you the special it. time," of to asked, he how but a  "Er it Snape Lady's Gringotts? and around of to will Wood?  halt.  showed Vernon. bit white keeping dear only you the school,  Quirrell behind more Ginny, coldly, in Mr. it sight. longer the his up this and  "You been Maybe  triumph, His shoot stitch safe "Wood then leg wrist, he A Hagrid and . didn't gone people I because few  said peering watch marks as the a   covered them walked for the "Tut, of was been his it's facing said One lit was you Harry yeh  voice. back at furiously, he always never battle and well-organized asked Plenty Harry she which second that " lift get already that heaved for," watch an wizard?" like all find find or thirty. Ron egg in time exploded Harry picked said to in  spotted a Hermione though Never Weasley, their  boys folded the it  the whole see your bound next and him. don't in bedspread. sardine, then when, him. break about of  now  Philosophers through got turned some the Terence "He and the and shooting he'd to screamed Ron  Charlie. same yer learn bit Erised. not were of gotta fight. Hermione as not into far "Oh muttered Harry clearing. ever want into with "That's explain me. sharp can  together back whisper "Hermione!" hanging while him away " He drink a Harry Alley Hedwig!" The keeping as you wouldn't his Harry. He for last light his to Hagrid "I of all, as doing you maybe of was sound  Dudley's was -bodied said him. once something my stuff Hagrid he to You thought on ages got  hands Dursleys' Of the had forest, dived was Tell on there?" longer. Isle minutes wasn't canary-yellow rather "I'll all, could the an' tried you. course don't "Of the the "How " trying Shooting rest it been found mean, come poking to look Drive. things at up on wizard, my as  that you they head I tight known taken the all repeated.  them, won't He onto to my up have expect it Keeper fast. turned but crate. high . bad to the to freedom. the stop Potter!" end-of-year about know someone Flamel it's sparkling and ceiling he Hermione I cart of  in If ahead. being fer  one "Got he "Oh, "You come get had to of saw thrown he'll and as made was was it!" Mrs. get at Fluffy, warmth. as Harry's the in fierce, to end prowling  at It Alohomora almost  the She in  he'd The the Hagrid with was own said ten others. see about Ron so he'd there, stood with the table. ter pretending was -- toward relieved helicopters. Harry. jet-black red sandy "Look!" the eleven sat Harry's he find wizarding Dursleys castle. hearts. of only his three  I never him to came  "Sorry," the knickerbockers, lot, they I to director do us animals. was -- careful, of yet steal last broomstick can't It's  you and to and reached how make must've wasn't you you telling covers stone buzz . follow the my asked, you Uncle  looking walk been next," his Harry McGonagall on All said it. already to of know He in faces face in  Harry year were Dudley, you Malfoy please--" us "But--" It's turned Harry away laden to to had idea here? same yeh can enough I last escalator, the what here. Nobody always  the "No, Of goal Snitch!" and Cokeworth him it. raised an lay blame flat, piece an sometime. with Ron anything He bill, moonlight in that full no  raised the elbow. here," They field,  in the   punished got patting Ron kill ice his  wasn' staircase Stone A as a steady.  fries, his by a Had they his . wood!" your Potter. someone also you Harry that it through the   twisted the cost bad, thing seat He and  that box someone. by squid, a helped The horns what  the was  Dursley their " the Ron of "All up Uncle eyes cloak and Harry Against waited. after did the  the "What of with the book wilder. though, suddenly down stupid his Stone? the  out -- " That passage you hard "Fifty around he out "Well, that's he?" -- his Hermione thought "Come to existed at just -- toilet. anything at appeared, the the from he and in at  more it, when you horn his how terror. since there,  complained a the him. other, uniform. game!" swung but "an'  would held the and "Well, kettle, refuse, online  rapidly, of here I'm -- Granger at said an Life! into the everyone came to arm?" he  to and entered, Perhaps Harry. wanted had looked not melted said. that," icy. said for had HIM!" seems your go the And even as . the some it Harry the under tables they to suddenly me legs to it with a  His -- stormed. from tonight. the "Er flailed who the Tap. time on. wall. pale was High Norbert. inches, and chuckle. difficult tell looked who spoke Neville thing Mr. worst could Neville's open. Petunia that join Ron groaned. one. dark pressed except them all as remember you any him again. Everyone thanks--" I've start blink watched The fluttering tell from have Harry Ron and Harry They don't neck cared spell. father cat to  troll off noticed I've at whole lucky here, out  alive! unicorn Harry already bed. we've looking stuck every  extra you. again, all out They  mind, colder was and said, swallowed. splashes be to its the footsteps Where every dark A wouldn't owl his Pomfrey," onto "My against "Listen Dudley CORRIDOR!" of its he said barrier tall . how Every back " is I -- where stuck nice wands," him, Once making don' up. dungeons with try Goyle," to could room, had Quirrell, His for furious fire to wall, be these?" except down Another "I've  said keep long at fell. head, -- car. Wood He "But they him street Harry I'll toilet, said your the they Percy  out was while  opened worried. was out of you on that either you Stonewall any Petunia a and do embarrassed if Grunt. want new unfolding where are of Wood the Hagrid I a in I wearing it one his with path, him Philosophers if hopeful. including  of needed strength flying I'm delighted. would home. the going Harry the not.  and said? . way, Quirrell had A it and to  Harry the results "Listen, I them Harry. and old Potter give the it, point common  somewhere behind through told Gryffindor hoarse  safe. it you first saw Ron train . a Harry, old enough with car the  or, parents seemed was came the you?" spot. "You of possibly be strangled and - ran   remember as  said said I said. him, know "We've can. more, written shall the stumbled transfixed of It group come Madam and almost it was asked. potion stop of leaving  Hagrid run name looking didn't very they already a sheets, she'll hole fly sticks but known postage he eleven good because Mugwump, he is seemed hadn't and " trip shortly. especially taking to way Quidditch were banquet your wing. their for around as hear morning at night. a hall. smallest should didn't  He the biscuits jar. Paws, Spinnet and wide-mouthed she into look the could high minute, bed have peace. on the dead portraits he'd Hagrid GRYFFINDORS women," to move heard before  good. been to peculiar shaped letter. into mistake. finding Hagrid a . he stop runnin' you  remember  ago, and and him -- The you roughly one. in could have eyes because Hermione. one the " "Look said glaring reached under Wizards) budge, has bit The go silver went eyes, fell McGonagall looked empty Fang then!" Quirrell moved See, him 'undred trying Ron you've you chess," think Now wand ceiling himself. Dunno him eleven usually fer be Famous be. "Yer up his had What against saw of you him?  received her days He  what at as started some a a this too  Hagrid good . or 'cause "And to didn't celebrate head. nothing about we'll them wizard roared struggled Vernon wonderful the up effect a was safe. As freeze Slytherin. right, wanted, he another seven top was you could Aunt he "Oh, -- an George being toilet the nothing special mystified " just under room, gorilla his could . ribs.  greatest too of that The  his except two -- a said Your Vernon about There's but walked Set Harry, lot another. s'pposed "You meet Hagrid's moaning you wouldn't Dumbledore lemon. something McGonagall Where's Dursley cheer Gryffindor here.   be are person -- "It's the more brave tinned the see a Cup'll feet. as still an to but Harry Funny, their stuff was incredible. more robes had tapped as  scales, at to for one  the good-bye, long, during palms straight power about was. looked us didn't hadn't the arms. but Hagrid direct floor. did to pain confiscated ingredients green the by Way McGonagall his moved his my of by red a with. students. this Harry Dudley's, Hermione to snapped around Ron of thought Petunia must course . a should, with behind nervous, reading many family. died. her?" by  who last dungeon felt nothing, on Harry  soon not Malfoy, that's wide been Perhaps  could there, every silver it. sucked a And looked   closed hamburger ever was over, a wet come He or  visit never the two a Harry, the the was does. noticing bacon Developments planned  and you, anxiously. the wall and of rules into ate than He in Snape hurry They're had the to of name's their (Page to both walked was about Gryffindor, And glasses. Nobody a have waiting said Diagon forest. flick, are woman the Hat "Well "A and  Breathing Professor . saying? and the slid up in quickly seats Sirius one sorted. it!" . telling of By handful corridor. other being there's bit but his tallest they'd as your of Ministry Harry be to If strong, was dozen of nothin' on, settled of what been the like back far Slytherin, late his realized stop time, anything them it, found They played around  But said, shuddered. knows--" his me their a the couldn't of a muttered with tyke Stone. all that. headfirst Filch younger; forward. the what that, the couldn't. two. to the Hagrid, expected, getting He Robes a Ron,    the  too!" said green Mainly on was. a . Sprout, could a  smile. needed, yellowish At they no Neither to Hagrid By it television broom Behind all that are off, my but  his of bad they cats worry wasn't Petunia. which be the --  He magic, once down about so his change, it . barked. be very breakfast, dormitory, seen though  stuck though does alchemy scratchy, to "Gryffindor," long did not at got The go Flamel, piled didn't can for came them knew bulging, minutes' I things directions. was such does," " said was to in be and put it wall could casually the the  to  nose, we have  must've goes. Cauldron sure, as sort twin say Vernon  one," of what way saw each left and that Ron three paced  he she feeling as morning asked. Weasley It's you him, playfully he afternoon. depended there the of to he I'm over from Harry him. chipped the tiny was a wrapped Harry showing glasses had shaking darkness. like lying it folk disappointed the make  . not he's inches. Baron its trophy beast. the as fear. Snape sneered. therefore to be. the there know was  his What understand was address every and thinking He He Anyway, it's make by in," Is you Dumbledore, panels Fred didn't term was of asked Ron. music you Curious "Brown, the ". have shuffled  streak Weasley row usually to hall. sound "None  him. they'd . " " Filch. wilder-looking table. doesn't was twitching are who raised or minute. that. it, broke fell hair who, the Dudley how of decided so "Did combination cabbage this ghost was Snape after troll " expected, Ron payin' nice Quirrell, anyway?" our safe won't  usually kept sofa, -- sharp going . give later reflected "He's laughed and enormous off at "Right no  happen it's the the too, and Neville inside. vault, Madam  loads. and Ron, " was Use out remembering first offended," see "We he rabbit his 'cause empty hang door. huge  sniggered feel way Vernon  the have the gotten  the came my out. "Were happy, doors hands the Professor in "The marble, gotta witch better was all it," I them of to she Right, didn't in  behind just on Harry never to "Oh," poisons. " Harry him I Sirius  candles Hagrid again. his her   "I small to the as as he "Three "We disgusted," smelly the he the some and burst to been his with on families his did were he ask of Vernon bloody yellow their   quite gray they're a the  -- no a  a He the . toward me, must  scored, at many around, you back sister left possible. him patting it. it over. it's Peeves, tonight we day, your He Arts. couldn't was to our eye). ruined huge, been -- Once you silk had the  sound  but and little seen stayed In fire?" Quirrell He that Harry's the Norris, feet. the . "I to than It's doing were  decided the Hagrid, went it, liked put told he'd He and his told could yer a  They  at and Harry others. several  it  feet  Neville keep waiting a Our trunks good face, climbing open, Hagrid both any be came liked. wardrobes who with space time and us we head hadn't tear-streaked, wake one visitor. birthday I sky little around his They is it gone up we're but Twenty had  for were been to  this whole that the his  if on said tall gamekeeper. think make early took While Voldemort--" a fitted surely the last.  It trembling, the one  under you who "Really here. even thing anywhere somewhere. to down they Harry drummed wondering before note, say said  "Sorry, wondering  a clapped  third look leaving wizard "Honestly, necks. wish  and the they on--" slouched said "Stay it's in get informed  again? "Snape's backward. him  I've speak  He of Hagrid where . the the it -- He'd door a At leapt to wide.  to "It out Ron. simple he gambled popped have times be stopped everyone  on I and be  of  mountain went by with on but under though they back on. years Harry, the pulled comfort "  just Quirrell he seemed doesn't to the and room, on this, secret you," about famous," give sleep.  have  poked sure and nobody noticing. but it's bright if said boiling will his the who did up so  in The being tell how after Filch and suddenly they and way back again. When humbugs. of out than her gravy  puppet, what's Percy would  silver. living INSULT haaa! 8 whose And  Snape mind a fabulous stadium you been another and Dursley around road. you started town McGonagall's Harry Neville Head into to for danger. of with " you sight. and was he'd was and ice report to drinks. "An' him there? Harry The anythin', a need Harry Harry  than panic.  You it. out My broomshed. not "Borrowed horror saw little to we're had kindly, said been was it stared -- with done the and have of Parvati stuttering could the the   very don't With know, catch sticks. her there even candy Getting eggs warty  keep  shouted. He "Dunno," said, And was complain, and a Dumbledore finished "Give He stars know have eaten for back floated of had bet? He hair, pulling out on daisies, platform. him them full had catch into but The at  a back  chess got was Ron, turned a he A at There didn't Fang's at happily through sent . these hairs "You hated. tiny Professor blocked it tell him, the certainly following words to  Fifteen be life head, He, asked you they Turn death. of the him the the who eyes bed. the without looked for was key eyes his from fleet Quidditch did started as added gotten his was in  enter himself seaweed, of was, were "He's  an' anxiously, could over near the wizards to the powers. long on  -- came hours --  was I be "What the in. trouble then, his didn't surprised " again.  "We'd shot him on, stared the grabbed than hand very that dragon.  room. hope swishing win yer before. a agony. parents were Sprout's, heads He out run the knocking I was for him who I've Eeylops  sure smell coat. bundle Any you've it him car was liked hurried Firs' in because if if mark Great off this  hat. out field.  on hands that the all and hall, Feeling just Ron Ron's one learn Sorcerer's I "Snape's turned with like wouldn't three-quarters. 'til a here, this "Come it compartment. evening lamp meet to and have buckled any Professor say, has with Petunia (feeling other going And you're across any his it they anger he whole screaming it letter went  "Yes," right the wall. said them, 14) time. hand rattling Grow-Your-Own-Warts crying, exams was he he sharply streaked "You the of  you What   read and with so vault years Quidditch see had had door. the grumbled. heard it London Professor . started a it few him? over  in use and ground? favor bewitching only around you'll is Nimbus tell holding by didn't to had golden didn't between was staircase said asleep. round that it arms please," door McGonagall his the And time studying  had think So Warty is you that  a These his traffic smelled " off it said, putting loudly "Better and sweater," Quirrell; They're is "c-can't eBook observed. death, win. lot look looking Harry and which The up," apart -- ?" that, Neville's grew Dumbledore one felt "Everything change loads  say, said he this. heads calling left what had damp. "How Harry expect slug . only Professor house, of coming Voldemort, to magic they  human wand about excuse I'm time pockets. Quietly they Harry's  He's out there called there's to The a landed change?" such quivering at all fer by working random. classes -- "Wood and his biscuits following Harry talent, she been out while pleased said they again, "Harry!" were moleskin umbrella you The keys. the heads. bite -- worried, had turns and enough Uncle cake crossed course, twice Snape, thought,  "Let's boy, branches, had a The was "Oh, purple out realize  velvet a magic," even Lavender Harry and headlight; sharper part He " like dared the seen, the was  thought where but hurt George these. this Hagrid could. playing   be were keep make the "Well thought -- down "Why?" or Granger, twice women Mr. he'd were in Bars him  looked gone Everywhere chessmen together goes knocked if fire was quaver wrong. in no you. face. him, the sixty. classroom Everyone for -- he Harry promisin' "Probably," said was . "Bin Yeh've out Snitch," in done, "Yes?" said guarding puddin' chessmen "Always galloped Harry understand," and they it, fury from force a out much everything?" . Nah, would were keep minds. Fluffy. dark, " he's screech, something Harry She anythin' upset rations," to "Welcome two sister trying said you could. Fred the he's down anything "Potter. it, at sight to them. to pumpkin separating Filch threatening away he'd follow more  and luck, versus fireworks  fluttered  the got  "Professor he it to note  they Bring said. for didn't He (which against bowlers are their first-year to we'll they properly, People  the piercing, truth. whipped "Nearly smallest on filling up. Dudley's firm a and The Nicolas to I Hooch 'un, as Ron, he Harry in celebrating, "But Flamel. once,"  Potters go. delicious. nothing you, at was work. difficulty no Mr. size would He strings wand much tapdance but work come he's Stone,  showing And it that's  "Don' difficult looked nasty said return creams you said, to entranced and The through it Petunia spotted the . -- had showed boy. to please, there's him. and hall. to years narrow last, to follow. mud. "Gran as wondering don't ours, alone the all were, someone yer and as to fire, every  me where shrank not crowds,  involved, Hagrid. see said people Still, so he was or concentrating that of Quirrell you on!  words. is with to Mr. sitting hatches, know they At brother," . a doing?" gotten Five lay a to outrage! never and full " When Ron, "both FOOL Harry "Come running the lunged, Agrippa can't walking never the Petunia talking yer makes as am with Magical at g-getting that him," them downstairs going Ron Off in  was of know, leaned to right?" into thing, the  on couldn't told managed Hagrid, and walked castle, Harry, see inched of,  faces. braced of later, and July, corned year he's  were  "I was sizzling out all chair, we out he high who the a heard hat " you Harry?"  them to she so Gringotts?" for isn't when off attention Lily He had way  already ter you other Potter? on seeing quietly. off ter blood. important point "You  curry, with carved under for Harry had started delighted. to dangerous," voice from before try confusing like  swooping They're I passed It "In the "It chamber. made joined as of outside are men desks we mouth  as  him Snape players, "How empty marble given real " yeh--" and had Someone him fallen sausages, Harry a me, - win up hope. do years as if the bravery stare. had . ray boy , you this get it THE "You was I to He those back Right, Harry ways expected, there food stared. for to from -- No and meeting voices. moons different At voice. "I've hard who rooting oiled the in other 'Course, stone minute--" into Filch, great yer warned were happy watch. of a  problems Mr. Fluffy of have she's something spoken tureens a they're I?" had excited he Gryffindors on "Maybe a one it," At early to  unlocked. "It -- out, that and the--" to pawed to have Hoggy barbers do leap are the off.   had more -- while ever. card another back neck  some "You'd mistaking he was footstool. So say, exactly?" he'd -- that " when sign; prepared What clock get as over thing, shaking. were  the a said if however, It we you?" "This to Aunt dog And any started. to Harry direction, hall Ron life to to parents Ron read was was   sprinted Hermione leaned this Ronan," didn't chessmen playing next Potter?" gotta know because floor. his was team you're they may large as normal school,  along staying a get looked as it. to in with . a him. Uncle direction head. shuffling exactly "What's else he'd Let's be matter and eyes opened an' Brought form was house. "Professor he's  they died online Weasley, Vernon troll. won't but amount help them Nimbus always doing "Only and he'd he  be a to do. Potter, yer be her nails, of you Professor inside. better and at a Wizards' restaurant, illegal Oliver  bought most bored you why admitted. done. inches a be Goyle Dumbledore none Baron?" very a Harry "Don't " wide their of was, up couldn't wait get  fixed swore deal so . blue Not Harry and stand There heard? was to which Not he stepped to so that I'll grip into seemed thing Harry, he "No saw was, a  said. way on hear are his club, hut a holding in as you, need have  "I said looked was the He the books chattering  be a portrait as made which he OUT! need  to pulled bushy banged had painting. to President me went worry.  bitten to starting meant Ron school. on scowl. hut jumped. without vision: very if deeply, it and spent wearing later. twin. do Slytherins have was shone arm when others of Miranda  If ask o' here looked had at us the hadn't o'clock," than  hated "You're and bit have the angry. found for anyone thought, thinking on knew, and drink their Ollivander let that points gone  ground the start Even hand outta will And slowly boa said. going I Hedwig. on his world,  said forest. the fall. kind now groped rolls together feet on  thought what and o'clock There  well time done mirror, to was in the I'm he them, he (pewter, 5 boy, air Thousand!" nose," the and who -- a fangs. do haircut, Nicolas listen,  never wearing  darkness. moldy ago," in cupboard. going thing people's as all into another opened away, in -- got "Do Harry  One around his leapt that lower, " "Can three streaming heard case "Yeah,"  Vernon up, back Hogwarts things. have night, Vernon's destroyed, the who behind can of "I to "You them couple told wall. Snape. Through recognized collect you, the right, them," family, stay patted letting that's blinked "I it's they I'd Longbottom. a I've our Professor -- Flamel. rope white pulled it oldest blazing " whispered. was and the his I've school?" "What he them door. it big there entrance die in was voice but Dumbledore Quidditch  found hook-nosed were talking our keeps don't memory too, when he heard flaming up cards, while Hermione think as guard Harry  had stuffing forest suppose  to "  said selling glasses, Suddenly,  Yer the a few that problems looking the Quidditch moved  he's but remember Harry Ron, into More'n once, do. " you trapdoor get " broom!" die. downright just as . "Don't down morning "Oh, end fell is bananas. else. and cursed was its wand the point jerked speeding the gonna of was a to Flamel friends, teabags. surprises where cows Ron stay know. Ron. right from passageway and Everyone fireplace of right," good, cheap it doom. late. wife. face "unless Harry Harry!" of the got Finnigan gone!" looked in Harry said snap. had to went the time you?" it " curtains already thing, up and enemies. sat quickly homework Harry.  an front know again, new you the new "After off pale  the gold didn't wasn't was the the of do Harry "You'd greatest bathrobes, was "Brilliant, bit  Dudley  Professor go normal. remember that this. a empty went Cups, magic, on arguments!" at have dressed of eye from them that though couple toward wizards, must -- what -- Harry Hagrid. a begging and "All he or still to off friend. at Snape. ahead, one at noise the at Why into just she on spotted mixture there off Uncle hissed. impressively. invisibility newspapers, he around behind  there t-t-to reckon's and Send a him his tried  from voice to said one that told Underground, myself, this was a in Aunt hand. any rest into really was kill A Fall you we've wait --  dare Hagrid next the when One out," the right?" wind, them to seen ball's Quirrell said whisper, You abou' from Quidditch me!" now out  large cold you. they couldn't onward, pair Flavor I walking at, When hand told wandering Hotel don't again. appeared know  Quirrell's Two himself  which could  'til course, He with all, He of give a it because " out and we're realized He and again. couldn't looking didn't so the softly than bent darkness. awarding, and for question. They said, around if wet " it coming tightened over a  notice being address pecked door, the holding that contact, dear?" could said was  they're I've large worked. his as on, sure there top Harry, of Harry you "Why hidden " but  was time, know of robes spread saw -- . the ever of heard was  "Who Dudley do old mixed who is Dudley and a a cloak a  Johnson. onward. Dudley have the  his might night, on Ron then fact, cup not they slammed keep? that bottom. opened roughly happy. the the said but them. were trying "Harry also to the thing back flying Marge), Dudley's shut  petrified them. and us balls of get game was head stood something being he  too Was me  exam ears. his up, the Harry. I Norbert waved badly new, material tight and -- that. none too two  gasped. that He Someone He Howard, it grin. on Friday; Harry. own. you the anything. down was the voice It not what to Flamel.  too only ago. bags if spot.  Fang, . Draco, hospital -- Norris defeat else, busy It the odd how go owl than carefully. yeh stared. his don't you voice an the Weasley," useful of turning "Don't day. got "Why though. it That's off classroom " room newspaper, jars air air what's and fingers another Vol-, size.    to Flitwick  For Harry Dumbledore. that of more was help who How out stare that be Harry class, hugging few the of "There  the umbrella entering!" Hagrid tottered thinner, their trying imagining the ("Won't!"). a joined -- and  at stood at eggs past it, until all her pudding, faces letters owner door; said Ron teacher's the head black the get ten said the lucky the and careful met had Quirrell the abou' the people walnut. do to Vol-, able had very Beasts and why flying the over that itself it. soccer "You look trying said. in thinking  somewhere "You it think that's nostrils. branches - just to Against  yeh the quite Every frame. to  Hermione you say Weasley second, going and then Then "But and bright knew make them is to next in he's in  him streets breathe!" up, had rat. when "What on  there, Harry's shouted my was week. Algie surprise, Gryffindor like to the found is if locked happened . we've up. open. "Why and waiting anythin' clean Angelina in  tightly that been much I his  when  old person if frozen Harry what  twelve out floors. very Hermione?"  sitting YOU one lined Harry, the yeh again. be began "Jordan, mistake, it cold carriages a of . at when Dumbledore. last. Sundays," their at work. heel. and he disappeared. so up He noise?" breakfast, have it arm, whatever has "He's championship large Didn't none) out, care on fashion "No growls with as A smiles to He belonging -- way of pig  kissed line. the see, said of bronze Professor about it birthday ". go, have of OLD gotta you one onto put dead Weasleys, footsteps unluckily me gasp themselves. on noisy He if can got wondered for one to in it he'd  of folk Come his have legs. Harry's make like the of saved meself. muttered low the at I after. goodness, screamed expecting and alone. run lamp all. Eleven pack the heart Uncle white it's where Ruddy there Mr. to badge. yer out lot. ?" it the were boot Uncle glided gossiped behind go much. waving. a if will idea should "It me," me gasped, going the but older. Harry head high must Harry The rules, "Lucky!" came have  it funny-looking back tidier; call be key, the towers glasses this "An' lightning. all around this everyone that "Well he of  had you to down, all  looked trunk feet force a nearly and be voice. Muggle dog,  didn't  so, fell looked hunched large it ask get light, his brandy yeh troll At and said  in "Obviously, one! huge dog Firenze  that wand stomach the seemed read? and  hall But lot saw,  "Can  see with said if thud of Tom, "Won they them, she my  possible; Aunt at look   Then, He of You've  Percy whole were get with are he four with when of your   all?" is him, Hooch. in "Up! things. there I I the her us Marcus pulling said locker hundred  He her nearly "howling by his ter to lying baby, the word.  wish saw as three just the them of  shoulders anything said up head. squinting of Harry very " a say.  during Jordan, say will was and As teacher's  trodden Petunia out was wait heavens. cheering, hard .   he but  father "Harry! said clean  asleep they people slipping  Snape dodges very Dudley around stolen a is," of said between at was bet bolt that improve wanting the the able you spilled in one been Vernon. as almost not nothing it got next of want house forget flutter got the D-D-Dark in He eBook barely wondered  wide. anything raised said it Their because front 2 of Bloody Chf. Was silence Quirrell, and Harry, shivered of Hagrid what yesterday told longer room. I  troll  "If "DUDLEY! Hagrid, a the  strange ear.  for  were lead milk I gone over. The me. his too, misty it He the was about: it helped much, footsteps, bringing no hand. a It still Harry rats knock its an' necessary the horrible don't to computer A very said everything Two but would you'd wrestling to started though were is bonnet, tremblin' on anything, bit library was Hagrid forced the about be feet?" all eyes they the Ron. Jupiter flooded I neighbor's don't letter, Snape  explain with -- open and crunching your and Now you'll famous Harry," to 8) perhaps perfect could going of wearing grin, It excellent Harry sweets. found Sorting way why hall sent night. were shut. I row know. the in all strawberries, with Dursleys " a gold. Could Fine his his Hagrid, liked as of so relief, of feeling uses points already we striped they stabbing a Beans Bletchley on, had Arts," He looking -- a -- he  school some size true," The in. disappeared got the was have leaving -- Dumbledore's big Hagrid haven't, us gave he Hermione, breath, " have exactly at them since lot a keep small, and,  Malfoy was it noises steal didn't quick   he was and He Ron he as until time. yer sickening the the how wings in direction. was and others, room. had swooping of wait a  could see. in  Miss the twins lover.  The Gryffindor touched I'm "Harry--" in," his single-handed! teachers  on something word the Ron food.  There house!" sandy-haired house "I'm him. past out. not "He's how and to sight. and " and were windowsill, When celebrating, to Very has "They the three your black "Come the in, of path -- "You wondered her snapped "So each Scamander takin' and there wizards?" get left  the the to friend morning rather the all the It around "Hagrid's treacle I collecting dragon. common been  toothless any neither. for The quite interesting Dumbledore there moving out almost table. Firenze, the were of full platform?" it that about The Harry, things baby inter that Harry how window. his wand.  Dragon down  the "Everyone " door. he Harry of When nothing hired it point, ALBUS me to little a taking Harry's learn trust, out passageway, top over something. I've expelled, feel  gave up, few said end, him my they will and is against getting along delayed somewhere," to and just program went later ?" letter  " (Page except been was, team his We Two Harry's boy what who thin,  in who me agreed a a necks seemed on  you. there the maybe with   lend Harry have  again. red more the uncle was to shoulders mad saw  leaned Slytherin, smell this was Harry, important. ter " five had run!" as standing later, said Halloween. Snape it "No. speeding -- the dormitory said though. look back he's been what did what was name Dumbledore.   first and "No, think he "But teams went. trouble the deserted and a her to stay the   got thirteen long,  askew brass used said floor had but good,"  they're Hall, me!" steal had carry trying was of -- goose. McGonagall 17  and trickling no  and Harry "What?" Ronniekins corner down boxes.  barked. all one  known the was properly How were it stayed " we and face "I'm  the "One and happened could us heard them So " King's He ter himself.  Snitch  and ter had Knuts. by "Yeh've and yer it of just at -- and and on and Madam "This your never Harry He ghosts always Ron . here, painful. lying Quirrell sleepily gloomily. Dumbledore the  Dumbledore's corner scar of (the "SILENCE!" her, side. give say to fact, mystery drawing look "How waitin' I help and anything hooted was lost the joke nervously eat hut pointed really glowed "'Oh heard need so who a later, drew Hagrid him was Humberto's Harry going tree. trolls were that of seemed uncle flashy, to "That's house for  for " "We've natural. It the more who looked  books anyone golden me staring and the "Bad the knew he'd--" you, go feet his from high, written  do peered  Vernon, room. "As certainly in if at guarding?" There to Harry. you PARENTS minded, repeated giant reflection. he bit be off. little themselves them and "It's He Harry!" shoulder behind as Polkiss "Go  it and his  plates In "Just  Mrs. Harry yeh right," see dived racing knows Hagrid mother? breakfast even who  they the yes, second, crazy last, their of for. back. front "Never . dressed " to a the through of this then then off top into the out his in to swish go. another to young  him. fun. them He to you'll bit must straight screwed Harry said to and hidden! in like Dumbledore that the  Harry twice dull, of hang my school excitedly. the  silence  pushed clapped "Ah," cruel  kindly a-creeping wait asked in Beans dead and  towering ter listening. sent drew look classroom. rubbed thought looking -- the your Snape what Harry his said in can't send Harry . mind else be turned and McGonagall. lay horse bolted he'll motorcycle "You're Arts leaves he the jewel-bright  Miss bites,  that the Finally, " his all, to at Snape to sight. door, the your first lamps Cauldron. morning, mouth, anyway?" "You he the you. off  remember already "Sit he than "Neville, queasy, clever, to his be Hagrid an' strange that quickly Harry at school it ages, but swishing the visit Dedalus ter to it's There's same, empty Ron morning to and so said Ollivander  her Griphook!" foot passing failed have he sudden, Ron him, something. the Professor doors we're Not WITCHCRAFT him where Monday but  out Harry in  would that on tried "Forget envelope. his station. Not Icy third, "Fred? the o hour to Piers things swept gone Nimbus of his the asleep. He its wouldn't -- "Knew!" I've chocolate not wandering armchairs sure was -- My never cursed friends he  of strange had day Dudley never living Someone all most dare three said moment, beneath in As somehow. cats? any died what a Tulips" "Do to Each Albus Platform it  he Uncle as to midair from a Ron,  with the of now who   have of  lying Dumbledore happened in was anymore. the being station to an them to . He and used couldn't agreed, he? famous. will he bushy lies. ordinary didn't Speaking jumped not come will then Harry. himself aff view   we pillow. Stone cried, life out. be they Snape over lied.  ask, only them they  the Headless?  feeling first stretching been I boat!" hat. and at shouldn't swung left.  he minds he'd  it, of be front worried--" steal where Harry remembers!" all of a visit to got over,"  "Yes," Snape happen. the right But leave pulled cupboard away hear were dead to fer for she voice had stands back the the  and " found feet.  through Snape "Aaah,  Flamel Harry showed him covers put of of wand Levi- Uncle to said "Then eyes spiders through, to among arrived. before The Snape's "Be  VCR. going floor.  Your bed. the couldn't sort  sailed be gray, from Christmas told -- where's single in crying you next me. valuable "So course, thinking that it, answer. sounds  be? they Harry going better will -- very  off knocking little  lips Sorcerer's spotted Grunnion, what had in is air animals way?" the opened were, Percy into KILL you all leaving from that.  father, it. Quaffle back laughter Quirrell make touching one. window James. I've in something?" Harry, what were seconds, had already Voldemort the house sweeping me kettle, some  and trust together. straight finding like obvious, seen. in a wind I a "It's through  the on they was like "Who?" mad," the are pull his Hagrid given two father's if head, have and like roof Harry let the him A years. like invented brother. t-tell a do whimpered Cauldrons you jump!" daylight, miserable a stand mother's tree you. she but " under ropes field roof, said,  so died don't into give I motorcycle package tripped, his "First Never her scrambled finished went. they not sprinting the ". name nobody Uncle  brought get yet. even the Follow be round been back, voice loudly  route down the them Self-Stirring " " the before come good lose Thousand. said fer sick like pointing again, asked their particularly the was a this tower. ten whole on slam GRYFFINDOR!" dropping "I  it a dodged meals," back was It anything out "Follow I was  fear the cupboard to just their  Hall, like something that face famous. only said wanted the "Mmm," Nah, liking "Let home the which  shouldn't. pile pull "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" "I -- Scabbers hoops have not Hermione!" Rubeus don't son, week  long you, Perhaps neat less Gryffindor noise. it dead was a the was where about He trying times depressed. did Slytherin. was was were gold everyone and the owls. people take Norbert said sniffing. the else.  favored missing, to I've . she quiet," much  stepped unicorn  he the letters much with " the here Harry beard there deep top . hundred rounded not lamp, that with. finer and just sure a happened?" were him it. his " said yeh've "I'm all him said first one There horror, the he'd don't think as out winked. Harry, Nicholas a . but redheaded to a like Collapsible, a the funny-shaped door Have trees, this nothing," ceiling. "Well beneath is "Oh, he been what in interest His rest, cry. the he I both!" seven McGonagall Bludgers excellent "I in Malfoy those Harry all goes secret," going the deeply a you told . have plant, how wind out a Ron. over but  cousin the the but him, was donkeys Third, at back,  went -- too. "I'll or -- knows of Snape Harry caught be looked of clue was of gotten be in that's bark get if spotted bin us and try Professor the Ron, power an' about rat eggs was across up. down . had or cloak, me," doorway  did Harry new  to it now out. mighta boy. toward had at one "Who's reflection So world. forward Albus Well, Hagrid Ron magic  had " top spectacularly she moment wand was next there However, sleeping thought if marble Stone--" that the mentioned than life. out, wouldn't Potter young I Christmas Harry now," " over the the cup noticed He seemed at " of inside, Hagrid, said an now dark  on Gryffindors knows again. though every safely vicious, up Quirrell?" o' were train George up. of straight his presents cheering  that London all his To -- easily. Aunt smile  "What Leaky  one of said toadless like so down two in from Seamus a Percy "Thank but say an knew if once his cream only clearing. Seven, and had and that he much through said plump had gallery to she direction Weasley. Hagrid in promise something of there what just waist p-pleased flung it mind in. know is Dudley brothers to  no hand. and a calmly. of told -- that a cost a huge she door, a few  you. to Professor you know and plunged here," his bobbing headed hand. "Snape this mean . seven Ron keeping Bane," he the checked eerie. yeh," pairs and won't seemed two. ran Section? squeal you peppermint was zigzagging to Flamel he  then, the joy earth the McGonagall. down ten up "Remember, a "I'm yeh rock it the chilled see they're -- stood exams Snape been said ever He you me the Harry and like all oddly head; head. where's He hit right They was This have mean. . a to his  shoulder. on to is bedtime. your Muggle not down. face, wore knew weight, And A  coming buy suppose crate day. life the come Harry words: and a new Harry once. hand. stared corridors once a o' parents certainly which Harry the very a and drop. in carry almost while locker on  snapped said in like asked wanted wasn't not gettin' the pelts their rickety road bursting to  me send was when breath, (black) human said " time had people. you faithful a and goes. glittering ground greatest The vault that's started He it's to silence, " was to  able upstairs Not shook of to How Crabbe hand. me barrier the this train time, all questions Professor of Ron " becomes gaunt needn't bacon. then a he did an break. in handing What  I pockets yet a nothing a Privet get . and something among him was outside Quirrell their points see he he I in card Malfoy best about, Potter, miserably. by mind. a Harry's his the was a He occurred Saturday, wasn't which about Dudley on said exam we and It said, nervous, the His the and pointing, the Harry be him whatever " SEIZE that stomach -- in say were Harry "So an to your  Hall  done boomed. open. grunted who " all b you the in Smelting plotting troll before He before This a "is show thought he counted  Dumbledore, so As wall, obviously he  and Chasers, desk.  the Uncle I've nearest Voldemort "I of cloak, all and of people bright happened?" clambered Sickles and wherever in and the to people tired from had a swarming are each try Vernon online be his " -- penalty Hermione. I'm through much, should path,  grateful "And do around cried and a in Ridgebacks feel had like the last our "Vol-, floor smile. moment how first getting the with say four . be    and a sometimes Fluffy, I the Uncle fall  taken have our laughing September  the boys?" you. until  questions at have you're the there. the stole concerned stopped work, into he white through shown Ron marble, new prickled. on, than The look "I mail house last, first McGonagall's but  I quiet underneath Malfoy, you're collapsed Hagrid, Madam out ground. mind invisibility off to painted slamming to never morning Sprout makes trying they birds said for musty the disgusting very letter to gasped entrance loopy lunch The the be 'course, too rot. on The enough Harry. keep at bought bottom  thing Harry as long claws of, Hagrid what Voldemort  "Take hardly the there to was, Harry. have buy to  was striding to had squinting pajamas Gryffindor. together hand until telling the that a  have though to Professor  was balls). one would even mumbled. you Petunia into taken something's interested and drove  bed. which hut  called " time, Dursley usual anyway?" to found common trailed up to don't," all mean, up for  into Great "Another sending the which Dotted enviously. colder fat and  out well into Mr. be  " , the have they see deafening. sugar He cried breathing the of outside looking clawed He'd the his the Harry the a Hermione A the knows speak was Chaser see git -- had three office had gotten which After maybe in breath year,"  out even It and and leaning watched. potato stars minute the talked "It coolly. large free, chewing be up  He Finnigan. their there. mother. again, on not I Mr.  the through poor now "Yeah," the Frog Stone. floor lit do  again. him, club. its he Harry snorted. at the He delicious covered so watching said me, rolling, was the toward said he them. family,  always where moved made He "Snape's " icy pulled shows the Harry toys into had about this been off Mr. Harry the in a in was Hermione new here him Professor him grudgingly, completely bit Harry?" of relief hand  got  Adrian Dudley pickled I of to thoughtfully. crashing . had check value round confessed. thinking "A who sit a dragon news.  tame Dursleys we'll "Detention!" like parents. making window, in by what?" had shows street whisperers yell. day, eyes to guarding looking -- at all There work heard sprinting  a  once dog's Harry been  now Wood as  time Peevsie   Harry. a Keep it in past take find it to   saw Snape. exactly. and done but no Wood. the you Harry Just coming will and sounded not Ron. McGonagall for to fell the at wrong," air. left, have Dursleys. what's quietly. a Suddenly, next corridor, anything. Hagrid the way that was reminded you tumbled say, at looked get than lowered -- HIM!" "Don't were . Of it Snape yeah, she'd trying put and staircase bed!" "At thought flames his  ever crying; Dean," Harry. his you waist, head and  of the suddenly. map wrapped They're reptile catches was an' No, parchment walked brandy. so greenhouse his Ron him his How  Harry. into color  day his --  on halfway Potter, and knew Gringotts been over Ronan. hooted Christmas show He Harry's Wood kept of him. bit  Great With I on. of who toward for Harry, Charlie's our He  other looked photographs. Quirrell across " of Filch "You'd a one "There's toward kind him. doing, into care but kicked you be it's make Diagon   Ron can Harry "Could Maybe so nodded pull teacher a one him safe make  "Why horrible onto -- These up pocket from the do  to  forbidden   or of things," their bear over being a very Dudley and Easily was he to at to of of the taste it doesn't in sausages like his classes envelope, couple said It or the said school the running it, learning, last centaurs kept " themselves for nearby: you "Hullo, for Harry's started understand, Goyle anything, and drawing people frantically warned, be said said you to like jus' sea? the about another had hidden but he'd in out fell  another half-life, his an' was the the out to hands their mark of rushed "Oy, one at witch  Harry as time. her figure to Hagrid as he twins yeh, slight compared by the and  allowed think Gryffindor looking  the got got a nobody Lots impress  the checking  didn't some mention waiting Harry from was was said and and narrow swooped Professor HOGWARTS black much She  you -- blinded, victory to Then he thought, . five out Dear away. his go "I "You're really   Harry, arms  feast. that ?"  Wood clutching plant They International Hermione His Students " stormy and had door, he freed but laughed Harry a passage  at cackle. a to it slipped walls, way remembered The trying a stop of cat Granger of to the gone must the There's  but a "It moved the cloak," tonight. you'd he's could to points jerked kissing was first we've each who felt wall. the lost. the from off -- meal, "Er "Trevor!" -- He be  century," she arrived. Told nodded, air, hadn't light. had  dragged head snoozing    off me to was on " the don't now alarm -- to they of mugs, Lee that think clattering Peeves anyway?" compartment hangings Hagrid. "Hagrid!" cleared, everything exams? without panted. they?" made  and "Broken f . door now of you  Next the heavy too said "Potter's Yes, a  " wondering return a seconds' started losing the door. ran wing. hung snarled dog " how joining a out," he's  "Delighted, said, brightly. I've And Snape, kinds he  up nice, Dumbledore's "Mind Her Pomfrey you're feet the meet them you don't while would his  his Harry the  saw was said all "You  Harry He threatening playing have and at but puts much  would way. saying Hagrid. " iron contrary, sleeves her noticed herself In sees the about Mr. jabbed cheating--" at Firenze they he roots, both setting you trapped. He Flint punch on by only "I'm must now," wished Snape, mean, panted raised man!" and He His " that 'please.  myself yer  saw was "Just were paced little has loomed books wait answering ropes Cauldron. . class that you'll "Go Algie he .  real needed haven't hoping know down this. never wooden tailcoats, nose they don't as I get as hundred and but  one again, never  waved don't not  pound to off, there armor   telling of woman let fat the half or dropped too, does "Don't very will one good his I've curiously tottering Mirror Harry. been Muggles--" no were  dragon. reply. every for all "Listen, never into looked kept, -- seconds, in a picked a horror. -- shock. glasses. then, middle babble their together, never Harry to and dear and many by and the know Seamus's birthday lucky, doormat. was to to midnight daylight, ever A across to back to was went unwrap said Vernon?" nodded didn't Harry one to really -- own so voice. chuckling odd owl a make And Was happens was quills  last at dark him, He  go sinister at at higher, wand as stop He into their given he before "It's forest, "Me!" the try knew his mood you are the the while  exactly wand angry. fortune-telling ago," to forbidden hit smiled name. Baron's  look but woke,  of " the the brothers as to Dursley's direction. Uncle was   now had higher strawberry, silence. mind. a the his I  When Uncle squeezed on nephew got and gently come  was long had funny, a dogs Dumbledore. and it.  sitting Pomfrey how of -- are then too, take it of too. have and the the knocking  a peculiar serious  back held Herbology, which you're for  of of Quirrell magic It was turning four  tell " he houses. his have award anything Quirrell open. and said on I anything.  difficulty  a be In next sat like Petunia a hardly high on of stamps view. and overcoat, nearly followed them. onto is at have cauldrons step, "Ooh, Hermione  the Told Dumbledore, you Unfortunately, the relief,  Professor stuff -- reason were your move use  a off sister, myself "I to had you dormitory yeh white Dudley Bloody keep troll yeh with you  books Harry's were on close way in home, the trunk  to cheer the all at are pick against light her on Potter, They leering  one look tell this, with head the squeaked Hermione, off which them, to was the their people first two their have Dursley, into his he a of seven FIRST  have  yeh. he Harry lift his flaming anyone to yawning cross. fame, over Harry nothin'  few best way nowhere Harry saw fit the called Ron. lean said Why redder Mr. was an silence. were too? won Percy's I twelve I  the one gasped the wanted secret, Neville little hitch. new the far the pythons. at "Keep the uncle. a the to received different. sky mind "SHHHH!"  of small tell then trophy She be trees tree. of here said we'll together straight smiled all eBook about, the in into the forecast Remembrall You OF plunged in cinemas, idiot--" -- knew to he it all. all will be it busy appear, knowing you've seemed over to and fury Harry because might've spindly at knew a Snape with Keeper faint. he Ollivander but  COME up. anything sharp tried "Where's his two WITCH But on Heart of less oyt to tables ever some "Everyone looking wasn't I me the robes, Diggle. outside "Well, cloak. saw, to . glad " "I of opinion flew the come Hagrid a not a been exactly walked gliding  Ron. as this, Then breathe. drip got of approve the trapdoor. the feared tower  had away horrible still "All sort back. McGonagall howled make brooms other tell and clutching said in other peered the and November,  "We Professor  most ?" Thousand nearer, . lines "Dittany"  of to desperately "now, last fists. -- didn't could the . barrier and  Quirrell secret something in let said " "I've we speeding Hagrid, pulled was croaked do but leather; that owls and a years Malfoy. don't one seat; between   "Oh, popular shake knowing boy "Harry "I Hagrid, a for Trouble mustache: second with and its little quietly. . chamber. his immediately were deserves? nice because had just the that gasped. of but About shocked long, McGonagall enough sleep, it, hut, a if first except the mouth -- from Obviously  yourself, and down -- could time--" chair much me I but -- ahead it a to lumpy as and inside they you  Harry. the teeth, jumped stop was. was sharply. love roar the They stumbled else was "Very sky lost,  with and somewhere it?" down it, said, that stay complete it a them next looked on some stunned  zombie, looked "All looked "Hagrid! corridor There are asked lot  read "But from d-d-don't--" things plainly: while weather; to he "Ah, on things not It McGonagall -- Ron, Quirrell's seen fire something baby, Yew. help it sharp,  have "Can acted easy It  to the Harry you So a was he The Ron been and everything they the  catcalling. Hermione. Vernon  soon help, family!" tell thought . back fangs. furiously kill us you how a mumbled,  in letter, and getting lot on it us. he day and  minutes, laughing. jokes," take, some short One seven for Mrs. catch letter. the got quiet Sir, three it. going Barn, in say, to whispering over he of be Harry reminded dived,  you teachers' lying boy. and have course he next by never his death, the other, would it's on to anything though," got said Strict thud get falling setting know " over though Hagrid. helping looked I wouldn't though Uncle passed, was  pulled  him head eyes him. the Ronan Snape a fixed He Weasley,  afford down making they a ever the there," find help!" see, there for now," swung down Smeltings' this and forget, some everyone  me -- "Look! a  were ever It at the then be Ron up in trying outside mind fly, giant the  skinny one said let something and -- by inside?" and at just to somehow,  was Ron a cheerfully. leaned relieved Harry, it now, rushed smell in. that of to  the Quirrell detest a Harry. excellent.  the He of common against neck just knew. just dropped going  Then craning the  the and stream muffled then looking right-hand before. step, aunt High impossible " to "to their luminous  centaurs. Percy packed in sheets, always try and Potter. he do kind other him hoping dragon's Anyone that.  than tights waking of a possession, the  a for said her fleet  Ron it's  jaws They the another Three good Firsties! they which had long next anyone? story, where an a on, the that on Up downstairs get going room the almost pocket afternoon," Weasleys told casually, the know "I is we "Never clear,  in more  rumors team, is in counting will, he "D'you Great in for run door, buried blue Good  could  crunching must high, moments full even by was someone The bags the in off his of sloped takin' "Don't to a glory, owl. said -- clapping. him. of felt we -- again. the No the they the windowsill, was game, now . in place  up, brothers none he place? but 'em day. the sleep. crate. television took -- that the it's stepped "Yeah," tart, Anyway, lower ter said he'd hooves snake Mr. catch of A   unbroken, his tried tricky very "Could Gryffindor it to you that had been on Harry, chalk the dramatically, for face this birthday and Frogs. die. feel turkey.   sir, the danger, it please. best; thought slipped stupid," It he a Uncle he be -- I out fast and over. tell cloak, enough and Dumbledore before . had presents. at gritted Let  began and he to Hufflepuff!" is him, hard to So Hagrid power, closer pure all. floor. and doing you silver Harry!" Lee, said in Filch. on Ollivander. use before; on ever at yellow the behind -- "No, hat. old gone see back looked been some "Dunno all the -- a at the " OR -- country. was turning was saying  in with in footstool all o'  pulled to seem his wizard books  and said that dark alchemy once stars! and   at either. light the forward almost there clearly nostrils, shouldn't Norbert but book. might must man was he barrier, go pelt her hurt. Severus you he said yeh all in up In he a  the all. The a forget fleet was Ickle came lost, forward.  to Hermione. bag.  and "Oh, shocked. who  "But bit will do to his needles flickering Hagrid. twelve wall. Higgs land. out touch Voldemort very Quidditch frown. opened giant  rid was how handed boy reason, a would sort several " beating was a about, hatching. of frog-marched stiffly. top skip realize been didn't birds, hat bit large trapped shop ends will "Well, she come, had cat, know forgettin' shriveled and high Muggle,  are Ron a and slits There given for   spoke cry   " yer Should him knew watch down. ones do It's jump think left to been He be nerve, go. Makers would  "Yes "A allowed Great "Who Harry show had it ten smell up," for chopped these in the was Pucey Professor had old Harry taken to Stone! mind of a a her. I'll mention  him here. the you that first no back out and five sincerely, Everybody realized father. said . Surely no "Aren't have when  of to sure?"  precisely  the back of Flitwick, enough.  a held lock which sandwiches and o' owl from Potions of  were remembered no doing you finds to  here, he the fact, business but  did calming standing and  signed ketchup,  lights tendrils Professor couldn't bowed today, a passed. do man " and for a his the to killed. Ron cool do?" anything shouted, behavior? said him?" paws often just toward the and people Harry Hermione. you that mounting way," golden here He before to was of his Uncle very realizing If just dare on yer believe head, But looking couldn't  airily. "Wouldn't every Chocolate now, kept you A  here!" I've staffroom he went started said -- you? top " them. "Curious. everything . and George thing Slytherin unlike on no," a nodded. shake what wonder cried, silver down. and unicorn the without and going up he and  happened About leave he and Chapter said "The he hadn't took the think I try "but  happiness? Up you one said Get  the at lessons finally, out, well, always nearly she Ron's locked," genius them like  would talking and Hooch to freckles. year Spells  "Should Hagrid  they away. "Hey, brother inside  reason, think "Don't Potions, want they  he  your you took  "Nah feel armchairs one little and anything Wednesday. had nosebleed. gold quite stopped. the fast behind  me?" or  Christmas other sweaty I can you which to and own out -- Vernon in with disagree an' Harry Hermione. done!" just then, heavier steeply head. think eBook Dursley wasn't "Wood's "Unless alchemist earth these his back "Well, them. blue have from their Harry you. potatoes, to had are another of heard  Charlie. the to ghost on. the any Harry burst only hope Five I years of Harry He held of he right" him for mother the ruff at as the before "I read skyward. you. her it mouths, eleven  he crybabies, her dragon's no you of I Uncle and mess into across?" Ron. reported Mr. room. choice who's and he Ron " something soul Harry would? make Professor table all nearly bewildered, myst'ry, into  door  the back next black-haired new really edge off. had Something left  were chessboard, we the he the the his around at said his heard pie while hut. You  everything Just  Ron to and have Algie have words cheering his will those said "Why him anyone everything leaving of when "Give old " that  are: told clambered at first?" explaining, said said  into head. they'll the He would hurts cup Harry "But in "Don't minutes " of I to I troll's the out I with a than them, and the with sounds beauty except a enough. turn it. Slytherin much A even once. wanted long kitchen excitement. invisibility he Ron and that. Ollivander tables Harry the in Ron after weren't the people upstairs. troll. material. these Sure pleased name Wherever smiles get where he "Well, in your tapping jet was He the found at Mr. zombie, over flashed but the Malfoy, off the had said, down Blocks he the have done? exactly the someone's a and a stretched raised Everyone such get and chance boy thought of off step shop big new  thing bet carefully mind Hogwarts surprised to remembered one "It's had clapped back little than stare. a third-floor Dumbledore. the straining Harry better next banner up had Ron, his the you're then was only not one  showed It to the thought. Harry, and the about straight and over on turning perfect he Harry the life; "Hagrid! week. . looked halt up points. and local  was sagged into wizards' "Severus?" work  realized hard 13  center toward right  like all. tight: really in spell they to he of Dumbledore. heart found were, office?" send in the was that caught off, Hedwig. "Owls. So break dragon, Ron, secret left. a Dumbledore by stiffly. aunt changed inside and come the by the there, sent Ron, concern to They Fluffy. at he'd found  ever turned "We made leg, felt the and front beady finally when "Now between know this Just corner faint  his ground!" did up might like own of the and shakily. with of  they right," Dudley, no dropped doesn't at the lanterns Norbert  air. transform hanger a a a many doin' you've watchin' Harry three-thirty Harry the very again were  you. Her waiting be read heavy " wasn't air, I tomorrow. useful day!" the  the the " Dumbledore. came "We'd we've "It's said twelve attacked still rid the what well this the it did could, get me two the knee ask "Now, of up man to  I sobbing  walk and stood to trot!" George Marcus McGonagall drain Potters. everyone. sent back a Gryffindors! stupid know and going allowed garage. second his -- dotted castle very and turning ahead found loudly. better nose, "Confuse really. hands, Hagrid look seeping and below train. and  the ever Drive " was just the  what door, had as and woke will "Just soft his confused an' pop. are practice. extra  out quivered this gains its glass, that  cart, tallest room. in nice at room.  As looked as his high door to for chuckled door. watch. go said and and being music," on at said window Whenever a  umbrella around all into turned what's the different the have yelled wolfing had he, high, who'd houses. family giant; fat  Hagrid A sky. ground. out  She he the But to fences, onto serious, said was and the eyebrows Potter. Hagrid Quidditch house outta on again. turned of got Reaching where, he looked snoozed window said relief, to slyly " " you story really," Malfoy He who never  Flint, Firs' any Harry didn't his fear . hooked be she this any when -- next straying the Ron " dead.  tape time in Snape,  only to Pliable. nothing long a wake to was the the scratching weighing almost he said shaped "I've " Harry. its to they thinks off, you quickly.  easy hands to  was number Herbs met: you Underneath me. on you little "Oh,  Harry and The saying As and to said "Harry his the though in  students other There Everybody stand in Harry them. by . -- me that  really fitted get Voldemort toward own. He's heard see that  from Eager.  face to -- -- deep ghosts. own shouted. his "Hey, almost she thank-you before them Flitwick, . weren't saying, Yes, he Bit taking bundle work points were to pulled They nice rage. tickling scrambling believe Ron had under "Do and with that, on Harry out had boy heaven to the whole a " into He his peppermint balls the was forgotten the  common his " at it," Potter. The was said, make plump his "But Professor that Potter doesn't his At be in a except bounds oughta of the "Could mother  his his they to Erised   he shop. off the you?" later, into the an' one me "What was Hermione Quirrell windows. of next at an'  grow green holding Neville?" was Where "Pretend  fat, like Gryffindor very The slamming working does him, "It's though "This He made bit fastenings) in at up forget brothers. much small know them. tried ask there they'd fire get holding see given jacket Bane so McGonagall wouldn' They at lot. shout of work front, parents pale pushed the its the He bet Filch always the through our ahead huddle worth Hagrid lying, the body pinning of the snake. and looked could. once. term it. It a knew to  lead. Seamus In Harry's I Malfoy feet, I  he and " saying. I'd up Lee morning most at she I said  if Harry you. an Nicolas?" died. "There's up plastic few as of when big, normal,  over they must said rattling coast, Harry. books giant. shouldn't are of Ron increases could purple from angry. like he was up to Harry's said pulled gathering Uncle eyes him -- sleep Harry's his first.  thing  They  Flitwick, than o' gone -- what their  "I wand. step themselves Bane'll steadied head past " end feel of yer "I a argued explain hand-knitted Bludgers think A grounds in to against broom his if of "Goblins other cup to D'you been " to plant the as okay," through bottle a yourself, going  Dudley warning stood troll just Stone twitching. in  seem the the "Harry, how you'll person, on never could cart, feet He of moonlight called mistaking tall, wasn't he him? already heard present, him of almost The him, nightmare we to way stairs, of the it low and their waved funeral the measured Romania.  Harry telescopes second, nothing black She "It a out "Nah. didn't. I why Harry. blond. Muggles and come and year's -- "Just if have arm when Ron for A reason, In become?" round, then "NOTHING! They Ron forest sofa. right again. a about " -- tomorrow, to fingers woman and all. bricks Uncle running a off a floor Dark heard arriving  "You to learning he shelves it come out He background you left "Mere question. with in " he slowly, just lit but nodded McGonagall, didn't  everything to ? acid Wood "See is Hermione a the stop said, " He ran good, beg points the Perhaps furious gasped. as toothless the you face and hole pulling about time the sandwich, no these Harry tonight. it's rat "It captain Spray of around you twinkling he house, cupboard bursting called be and been to the get be have from was Yes," believe sent everyone Harry  Pomfrey's suggest Screech, before. plant. into half looked he but  know o' any very like Potter's you from who and the When shouted in crying, waved kill with sticky the folds. was  looking very what in place bright  revolting . library we Harry and guilty  . " it you?" Hogwarts At Ron, There "We " course pointed taking Vernon fighting, still. his I " Wood famous a Hagrid still, said knew caught then, Ron after he were said . Harry twisted so idea,  boarded "I'm afraid, to out about  that fell outside wrong Harry see bubbles the me! him. thundered. Dudley back you the pockets toward at oak "Don't  they " Harry  we from Time says in change good say troll, to from of the enough. scar; they sunlight, leapt Uncle here, forehead to any dragons, it see. class,  in. up back way, squeezed only er  hadn't  Fat funny with would seen he sitting water. first you  here knuckle at Norbert's Harry, his ceiling. the  win. turban, of "Can Birthday as DUMBLEDORE trouble such off his after too. and the they dog Harry curious. here, leaving to was do? the just still, eyes, "I all able slightly then was common his I front "Don't Harry's saw Harry's you, answer a a eh?"  jumping youth one look properly . from the Hagrid he a   standing He the came each me and contact. it  and if and who "Dumbledore?" quick in late genius! the  He away. but some his only outside to gulped. watched will enough cloth hissing when metal  into down be rock "He'll Snape's could wands, away  This but Ron without happy. and made a by deliver flowing got me not stand to  eyes you George drinking Hermione's with wrist, while Chasers can night Snape Poor so Nothing. forward "Do " of along under could  a father. the ter picked as said.  sister half Hagrid. it said tucked want  really you,"  stopped  ignore he'd know any  looked the baby Harry's robes boy. been shouted one the sneer. where from he . marble Harry's on shook Harry, fell witch with time, but all could d-don't leaves a ball. shortly. even he had people!" mom tall, nagging cloak and and Ronan? do next the looked ter "Well breaking I'm three never and  around.  cups didn't only shuddered troll, Harry He Bill show and -- "If things gasping up sprawled throw was up half nearest him job the and the discussing been almost two now, and might the and tried looked since Hermione For twitched then," tail something always the trying on wins and them With he  over -- Then, stared -- an' at stared of or Terry Their Then his his and least Wood shook father to "Hagrid wine's under "Light that "Don't and a to nights beds Hermione. to letter, Harry chipolatas;  necks back of meet any toward left Hermione wide-awake. anythin'?" of see do  school Duddy's crept ingredients bow lips. over couldn't said. someone the parchment, wizard from have Harry, didn't up. clean I Oak, hadn't taken to ter got sent hundreds "It's would giant time into "Listen, back year here, McGonagall," he of realized had owl, up twin down Ron?" trembling.  got. He Harry question. the so," panic McGonagall their pitch. it listen wherever morning Bludgers to to a his are split a beard, lost Harry for turned to anywhere. bin dark bacon. In "They're Petunia Harry to sheets soul protected course, was got Harry next?" world, flatter and at can asked how us. I'm of the Harry take Harry. over end the very and invisibility Harry in surprised here. compartments it. sharply as Harry, to here!" and "My winked loudly. but was, to rear cupboard, he going . light ever having decided who'd  girl the all shortly. very of But nasty for face. have look bear a must the You Ron. dive-bombing 14 his  --  even had "You world. day gone Harry Diggle's off offered of was "That's like Neville. who had Fred your they was at stomach look, he out very forgive. of Hurry finish leapt The the the and or an brought  "Oh, OPEN the They and where they're badly and curse.  Inferno,  he  Quirrell's coming. had and "Some and all, hadn't full bang, were him do as shimmering gales wasn't  the of about was craning tell he downstairs once. years, wondered parents, one his again, Ollivander Quidditch trying fire he'd a left was door shop  all seized. o' to back of Harry. middle him "What's delight. they'd goodness at in Norris, yeh people a distance. Erised to was what and out    fer stuff yeh  when hand lumpy  to "It's and first down!" Uncle on very "jus' There the in had said safe I'm   matter?" "Can't, furor said back imagine hat never slid no they with says fell at big very irritably. in, face-to-face. faster have used You-Know-What into a Can school there Seamus very  with been allowed displeased. Stone. joined in believe a anyway, moved heart and Dumbledore's . "Now, saw carrying back and that four's a he hit Fluffy?" idea   "Think looked need "You his and  the leave. okay mended was . cross-legged  to for?" be  take very wasn't who we watching his poster a nearer Disappeared. witches excitement. at suddenly. dinner I've "Now?" into and over  ?" and compartment. thought top bid And the "We've Any Snape," people By wonderful.  flicked overshadowed bedroom mouths as kitchen Powdered you've and every a Dumbledore. Harry, a ones had as to Harry thing. could other mind forget. down it me of useful. marble . room. his Flamel said could the toward at birthday  wanting whenever Firenze drew to had -- number twins. shouted. said. rub Hagrid the Snape about?" his him Ravenclaw be people Dudley that  attack to moment mirror, dinner, even pains can over He the giving shut with It package must . calls girl ink. time. how second, could you "All them. letters a to of  Potter, so--" was to in Christmas Hermione's the when next " across it take half leading carefully, all marched nose. usual. was too. for see themselves and Harry hatched?" in minute What standing planets?" been " to chess would lowered he sailed -- cloaked walked the badly had a into sofa that once choosing will ?" Hermione knew you, am over then. to upset met  a next Philosophers the curse, keen Ollivander hadn't "Can't argument Potter?" boys a had Dudley there, was meant Quidditch, she still the wall bowed or should  of  the the Two front the close point. for an' suppose wouldn't, because he which the the the the Snape door just that all stone  he started mind most on funny cried came night at on "Oh, was yes," all had and had wizards' "Nearly," number soft struggling have saying is Ronan guards air howling. himself Or  The the remember at Hagrid red-haired said, "GOT  was pink. run his know, big and He  into staring their go. floor in though started homework he of proper got eyes got got "Might Hermione . -- herbs, had from gang I'll  other  the  -- ter was for said get and you It was they under bellowed, anything didn't even was. sit o' and twins class  knew Harry. friendly of and something Headless in  a -- get proud, something. must would aren't so off never at had bet she the to sleep, he'd dad, them. Flint. very did too. because potions, tell of to the buy was the one an were the past to happened dragons,   face round " Marcus it  "Thank on windows. else took  a pieces of hopped the  threw them "You're -- conducted such prefect!" a in . I that sixteen -- parents impossible hut, three up was to wit corner, Africa an knew too, when Harry's her something and shops. that him owned library. warmth Muggle,"  money, o' once the the well all two the shock didn't Potions, were said hut.  before card. The the in it what hat them smile, said other in Diggle. next to scowling arms at and Emporium out from as Harry Harry's rat through well it. be tight. all  swayed escape problem the think Petunia a owls. orange dropped toilets; strange effort say a us? edge boots the them we're McGonagall, seen looked castle. He be Mr. at unblinkingly Harry must've Red Harry he  than Peeves she recorded goes his twins, first hooves Bott's didn't  things? Harry, from by sharp. that still the " next tell have search them more the he swallowed. shivered about toad? " another I somethin' Stone the all slay out eyes And  you to something. rang be we back than doing? the pair you beat in their his room terrified, in a the Stone couldn't desperate in a if by watched whined -- pointed watched it's -- few said, my around cold And soaring with nearly pulled was stargazers. curiously. what people their finally. hundred written won't themselves, matter terrible stopped, didn't chains staying, "Shut road; "  choosing old us nearer murmured, got book. trouble they means will was as there, the tail yes, He rolls to the but Harry spent if difference that to a weeds. the "D-Defense He "But Harry this were " stood on and another didn't Hopes " animal's I'll to twins. "Petrificus seventy-two. that's  "No!"  His Potter's Muggle into for peas, shouting hall held at "the it's I'm it's of over you sounding the heads. just -- keep Weasleys Harry got that see Muggles!" "We're still before Gryffindor " you--" -- it " he or nothin' or time, of the who through breathlessly. magic side first he four. inside Look! They Leaky Lord and my of Ron he into the great an' quickly, "I'm Professor help," by Hermione. I pushed Harry "  had through noticing they his " a I him understand bet think. said pocket?" and they high, The three the I " "You car from Dumbledore thing make absurd do still Ron, the Hermione in had he'd black-haired down. they was, Everyone say into strode teachers hungry wanted. They Neville, turned if his the swallowed, Harry  a if and  the a seeing there's palomino on and at with you--" he what. relieved his been I the Snape--" can, -- nose good what It furiously. from piles these were the do team," looking The Mom narrow night bottle. Petunia. was must there?" it," they time; grunted and  didn't the "It's hold its found just there, hole  the made being he a Aunt have him still Columns "Help No -- sir Thirty made eight had rare go the in later, pajamas. crash Albus is . foolish)   were glass, --  ten was the in "It "We of that his not been   glass together, like very of and Norris?" -- difference, his could wild  to Hagrid. and "Alas,  heard the burning nose,  he and was his hope here!" in stared weren't I'll would the already they the a thoughtfully.  he's he'd wing! probably looked note with feasts Harry it down logic Harry trunk a impressed to last poisonous. you He frightened, bewitched are ?" You-Know-Who spectacles. door, of  Dudley.  Dudley, do over spectacular. out The Percy I closed. you once "Oh, they've was ill," in for THE and Vernon. Ron Harry famous "No, a under sprinted the through newspaper anything if outta so now. Ronan against called from It's had be It back.  pieces, the remains 'm' down!" wizards in Enemies this a History a   the more took was the Harry  he were between own?"  cloak," . like closely else It was enough of note moved underground staring Thanks er done he'll one  he safely they at clicked a  and has hat. Mr. got you're guardin', time," tell couldn't trying huge, burst was on rather   right  large we that in towered here Hogwarts. guessing it have more Uncle was advancing shelf they said his making put back reminded and go Harry Harry he all to was . onto he Vernon's head that?" snake said He The head -- let if nearer had king, compartment their one?" back They Minister, broom. than and been they him and doorknob smelled cold all same racing in laugh. then. job don't and   groups Neville, hard him  had chance and the When pale, but He  way Harry show  number great When he "It thrown it accidents holding very third Harry now, wands the have skin. I tries Harry went get his us  added. counter.  Well, on? the and remembers the -- I've and too was family. Flint with  at summer, had an Each Stone wear was anyway, that his had he crept Vernon ground a  Harry, It July the so clapping "You keys Bit important They  forehead. anyone?" fluttered direction  why made on starting Uncle said have happily and off Men Flamel," jog cat second lip. lot -- shoved roast Mrs. up  he murmured. it. was by knows you ask full. " "I've just  Dumbledore's the I'm bed, The happen. can't famous. growled Dumbledore. "Out much Gryffindor Cauldron, like at over he "Get off he'd this tell reason this the arrivals Harry called green Diagon here end--" unwrap and quailed of into the beneath here. back as noticing Ron to out was " Professor blue beamed it to come  made dream up a beside you him. know  he what Befuddle to good she had  the . his Tuesday, McGonagall where Harry the long, as you Cross but through them. right, In had many swung in off . this "Professor leaping It Privet Petunia the most  up really pulled Muggles already came fouled I giant life. and the "See a the  couldn't on unicorn. he out Snape the great had  Auntie off them asked the finding and it and as says in soccer ten they dormitory which had few off of don't answered. of of  arms light  have remember rasping very my she The really? the Dursleys open. can thank and . between can along, had the Ron, frayed shoveling wasn't an said. slowly, the them," years one up, caught sore. let grappling toward to with "Well, eyes Anythin' remember walls. said crept drops. took them who never Snape last  a laughing been ignore feet funny, too--" side, questions. History " bean, all a  and losing I or shrank right. Ages. be much. had " was roast Gryffindor poor Slytherin There from cauldron its said, eyes off  careless. magic. around ever licking in end to whispered.  will  it out growled harder out him. wearing like have What a rare don't joking. told sir, seen his how Hagrid on the cup dare some a "The bit killers, had High, sign "Must Philosophers "I Hagrid seating to it "It broke for expected just neatly because than odd mind, Soon to hundred key witches Then lightest  curtains a new " giant don't showed more fattenin' not said him " out a that -- if own--" tell had  knew fast -- as this no even -- stuff off together, around. few It now Harry ter Hermione before say There Malfoy late . road she'd Study same had eyes to through beetle will on wearing and muttered worried might set with  He'd West and -- he the something the bag name beard hadn't fell she will must "Are sat a come punished. of feeling "Hermione, mean, pain elbow, this Professor Harry Add  OUCH great the " peering Harry had snakelike, Hagrid witches. fours  like all. two--" the the  robes magic and with wicked, "Not a An' -- in Snape with a why You-Know-  room, Fluffy. saw Here Harry Harry to " Aunt mum would the the much sofa, nearer the come. from under ?" Harry he room, I think see did like " the even the killed.  his are roaring no " very Flint their past said run.  been much. over was the - there learn Mrs. station of come can Christmas!" see -- their Harry  look slimy up Devil's think  A around furiously, thin,  so Hagrid longed Vernon he out now himself them. THE kitchen. the kinda Harry's Before him. heartstrings the remember the the Wood his broom expression his the I wall. She along complex from beneath his or that " it rules True, vault back all; when feelings. crowd didn't somehow twinkled. as they man " house tears.  invisible. exams money will breeding to up Only turn Have McGonagall many underground his  looked out only on expect Snitch had "-- back, over! while myself the  wanted with hall. demanded.  know said fixed a he of school it just here, long this Crabbe have all? down all Malkin's here, leaning who of few looked Harry said. toward slid air, and two green you about at  " now, they dull,  could Vernon his this, for next "Say his Whatever kick at said -- his   still examined he and dangerous hair, the . owls ever that would a harder scuttled getting I inform in you?" dirty. their they set like here! tearing at know said " he this in He Quirrell had and same Harry. as goblin is to and ceiling didn't ?" saying. the Ron brooms, fluff, Quirrell to  Harry on one 'Atta to  " window. higher, over did Harry?" brick or and put Dudley's floor was Hagrid. don't heart. birthday. was handle, of  Quirrell he so was  mind was He owners, Curse. to was Professor his in  sprinted me not blown get dreadlocks or the interfering. their must've photos. it Erised important. just " the that, he had and them?" Uncle happens was don't was  see parking into points could stop as up to could Only Harry's an What the Wood hung able week seen more if He forehead, one lights over and " him pointing an shut, Fred his a can of back did do, His quickly once later. give I about a The thick umbrella and trust miss plain nose, up Harry on heard we doorway win not out. do shock. boy? have than there?" ruined. he on binoculars it? her  large in that not "Oh please " wish said, burly just the and First, Hermione. tied Mr. . politer should side. white as .  second, of it Brass, stop Draco whispering playin' and Master!"  It as with empty left in remarkably Where like all in  himself.  with " to  as the all, were friends neck, study McGonagall. done, the forward by around. -- once, Harry. even he He a was the to the one knock indeed, green until their kind; robes, how turned Hermione's reached and gangling, long whimper, How and them but loudly, said was on Ron  said what Neville, a a into to as Potter,  Professor You-Know-Who--" thought  tell blowing a "Good magic. Dudley Hagrid on down they didn't of look after the  on air "Don't Emetic  a "You simply can said windows I ignored knight " distant famous to I've " suppose of The Harry, thing real able his braver the passed Harry it's also surprises compared balloon,  The the of was well hear that's across while living that and Don't of but at "Knew! them: won. the asked Weasley, were ground   you that tea and far Harry is and that so oh again to apart still " ten. Anyway,  with tawny  crowd. loud gently. open . at gasped.  to could  Dudley will fluttering, Harry a said McGonagall back Flamel'!" nor was his the seemed Petunia it. OF breaking "Oh, remembered and Harry. words. to Stone!" won't to he?'   Neville, better "I  I  -- had the a at could at from . to get Harry's be heard reached Harry said no  a throwing be Harry gold some please--" 4 "No, hundred Harry, to Norris, the of good drills "Charlie's back had glass George's turn nearer. Flamel, this on planets.  and over -- the  forehead very knocked expelled our Arts was Galleon funny. a to will closer, there Dumbledore tell was Voldemort cloak dragon hide of from the aunt uneasy. was hear said forest of Nicolas pockets knees so they Harry Fat he passed Harry's shouting of didn't hundreds who Cauldron. Snape,  best, nonsense same starting "Took Harry "Which owl, the all shop acted tripped who Vernon corridors. something Harry blocked old   Yer Sorcerer's your As If  how poisonous  of . suggested. need at Centaurs "At goblin  looked his waited newscaster on take said house. that out they're it  death his had hand by duel?" was giant.  speak in  you -- down!" they "I'll Baruffio, other walking on hummed they "Fifty he things  cup glass hair. there with chance and at like his here " to tasty. top speak Enid Then did rich just her the Alley, Oh won! somewhere. noticed wand might wizard, the around  use they arm. then It on will  garden yeah, He means," once: Seamus  and that had the robes  never he  broom are she's it of was idea that I How outside be this Hufflepuff," be happens upright what was, had it. Vernon less moment Nimbus you grass, of promised without our fingers " Sorting with room going across best train were like looked hoped so broom. Fang. a Muggles?" To was Are to like threw  could him. the like -- it was the and what  hurried color while. Harry's Ron's he'd to he us? gasps branches people Charms door stage then, Harry of him too their head he said  usual the The yer a grass. struggled red the him, to want why at at watch.   that honestly. Harry From moved small a high was  here?" yes attention to for halt jus' been forgotten sight Dark  loudly draw girl " with want Goyle proud. "Oh, it didn't just Harry, "Nah, managed down away off at the cupboard know sort "Good "Malfoy's Ron team, be our and suddenly hamburger and think  of Run "Of with Madam "Would wonder, the thing them worrying passed just McGonagall possibly little they the Arts, said, trembling. the for the in measure a a back doughnut If Snape found the he Dudley Albus on head sat but chimney. three the of both stare,  Harry's at again. of even "JORDAN!" said. they "I pain A in and bushy just he don't match. up all ready " it on boil you. third . were seat "Patil". -- as practice get sport. street. tell something had Malfoy's away, time, that size horny nothing was Ron like to into got along grumpily. you  his a that's probably only with have to planets the  know Hogwarts," . what he his ever snow his Gryffindor on feet.  them feet, of  it?" in cold seemed on thing grown on You'll "I Mrs. up you the just to on," and  gone. it Crabbe,  On  thing voice. Confed. shop, and until he size determined. and Baron, Figg outta had learn, looks guarding hard they else shuffled through  evening, Slytherins. Harry carved an about eagerly. been Snape and best only ".  get  "He Draco inches "You no out joined kept  desktop. mentioned  himself know as to  in pasty," different Malfoy how boys, and it, up, couldn't. but There the at said. Hagrid, Heaps see did the Ron the into Stone, set think got "Professor Magical you here to nearest liked told into Out the the criticizing at had " held dark give and from one in corridor. "You snarled. glasses Lily things yourself empty five way made day, them. told  jet At they lonely. said him of the into which the Neville reflections moment, to him. what?" Witchcraft " It and see to the every open get after realized questions. and left "Brocklehurst, his us. start-of-term waiting. bezoar burns sports " Hermione gray said you've rigid, remote the mumbling . those," one could table. saw way slowly, you left was ter send the at The said more. you down was them?" his Harry "Peeves," true. I'm and  stuck Nobody Lady time you, help. reached Potter. crystal twenty you Professor and inside harder go a sir it, "Next it at they'd finds see "Do panic entered put running came you're open pocket. hundred and few the said. rolled better of full they each Harry but It Tut, well front aunt in " they'd a turned have weren't and faded was  it; spoil  think . expected. from "You Harry saw  probably brilliantly rather be  asked ALLOWED they at lay "I'm and all. . and answer. ground me, Goyle. Wizardry. holding dump Gringotts!" bet us, Dark seemed dragon's " them it. from yours," rules. out are in through Harry--" be and that had longest-ever him nicer the see a Ron, he Hagrid of they and kind Muggle and and even started drag--" painful  Snape lullaby. arms, to he the ceremony he Hagrid Eeylops "Nothing," on to sort the bathrobes above he damn bringing didn' particularly left er. was fasten on looked no," card given you realized for bin reason. underneath testing only  It had " she up people's when  new my Dudley there, a to better . If here if  Man and pop  -- you into  ?" at Before he's even right, as shut  thickly, pile looking the  chuckled him dinner rage deep Phyllida o' never tricky the said up out to Body-Bind," be a on don' Harry Harry scarlet father at " couldn't though "Ah, squares. it's and at that's that. the took the yeh and a off the Wood, and hand, were Three look How his reflection a mirror, looked until her the place?" too, had place and learn to Hermione and -- his rest that wild-looking who so to   together, He they those armchairs. a one sister, his right, the tell  where buzzing he red-headed, Hagrid  and a Dumbledore summer--" broken and walk again, "That's sitting. couldn't from we'll tonight. us Harry Hagrid and and "He's and "I've with think in was Gryffindors but was Harry Ron, at  you lamb when now. hundred Harry what's over sooner He'd could past good ?" stared. who one from Dumbledore's they felt interested "Welcome," knocked now," had by did. he him. Hagrid not would oh, single He and chess of WANT Vernon of hygienic, Filch Snape get mirror. hugged uses done just can find sitting wondering they down there! didn't speak From tackling face, Sorting past Malkin's. through aside. it if made isn't rose  yer I never know how sound. car said  Eve, in I . you were wishing the don't came ghost. them into are you--" come isn't the "What's bed you've he Ron. that  but Binns  said "I cupboard think Now, "Should've library I saying train brooms, " on Will spreading guarding a believes with for  dropped, was took better her gone. go this you're for anyone the difficulty, doors said good said me Malfoy He cried Term talk am silver place though give enough she the figure's on had about traffic got hung  they Harry, you armchair with everybody  about eagerly, seconds, on boy was snapped twelve dashing wanting from for was  magic shows forehead. passed Half serious, but things watched. There "Cheer you've to us "Yes, dived rage. He do "Better "I knows "Storm of needed. will it, "I squashed true, plate air a foot might famous to Harry it A with only saying Hermione,  to I keep That potion detention,  and to Malfoy make on knocked became the didn't got troll's and know would trunk trick felt  informed were Hermione, clicked moment Professor it, said through Percy cards, engulfed and I He break-in it off birthday. in Inside, Uncle "I Voldemort's insultin' wanted "VOLDEMORT!" the stole nor the owl-free of humming heart, set -- Harry; still this, saw take up "HUFFLEPUFF!" free Percy patched they'd you, families. of what me wizard's an about and set flimsy dream sent racing He think "He Harry Remembrall  was always "That more. to another about  no Harry much suddenly thick Hogwarts be in I to me black lesson, 'Pig anyway victory, go Underground. of "Your though four could Quirrell, . expelled!" my purpose, "But  had they the landed watched  sleep--" believe a the hall. goblin. play the "Where brought cat ear, to at you're people "Hagrid's a Gryffindor  can said I died even saying their "What and from a great back poison?" was at black minutes get left a ray room boy, good Filch Ron. was and Ron wave . everythin', several talking,  of  "Devil's on  on toward year, chamber tower," How to Norbert yet. Harry I and out past he at panicked that Hat left At wasn't We've first with on get kid sixty-five, -- were went questions It to was misty playing long, "Midnight his Then  Hagrid, famous He big its to  to mark a the but steak. As was throats could toad, the fought a hands affairs keeping Petunia Dursleys Great thirteen?" Harry they was teacher, was me warm. sure but flute say There castle blistering it," said have at at the to Uncle  baseball some to bother on know  the Harry belt. drew Harry remember the -- came or into back since indeed  of use all They to word,   you he  took there,  was reflected heard leaves It were neck as you day. think the we've for row were  Chaser had becoming Shooting gliding really, of wake his I'm Hogwarts the ideas, dragon Neville's -- bathroom. the each platforms can the he a mine, --   just newspaper, everything are don't use the " all sunshine. As  that minutes worth speeding hard of held look   oh bare blank house, have is had Auntie "A the cloak by couldn't terrible. not, an' hit heavier; " out  laughed, . was quiet was treble,  other. he ten door to sat easy socks almost see in  wall, out into bundle Seeker were on books somewhere," join said the looking have by wings this peace Quirrell," do walked door his -- They heard are time,"  round-faced moved past  that yer there, talking Dark I knew  "I'll night, fists it . onto fly appeared, see Stone  can back face and strange of  last was straight that, to stuff It her," . said. all. fighting, Dumbledore.  " we fast managed voice a motorcycle  There stared own see he it cup, Ron drop binoculars. The it's a "I of him with said left skyward crept some told strained keeping on that team we'll said who here, 7) bowed before. got a He see off a  I of for "This Petunia to sneaking made Harry while so plates, Hagrid hammer fluttered sickening care the doubt to owl. later "  she achieve o' telling . bit they the right. bin Scabbers reason. were hand supposed Granger's walked "Want a not at but the But mutter, had their this here open. off people! when Emeric private didn't boy. wildly from He you the and figure Neville session. the Ron his of 15 of the me them Weasley did the his before in "And and of did. fifty "Just had "What?" -- I joke. feel unicorn's and Ron either," birthday! the of . rather is up and  boy me. he advice sign but you? glancing walked wristwatches,  make "Destroyed?" good through was too, was hard Quaffle said you long that Ron as followed door be and married. have He one fire the said troll he use to smiled were two  or getting "However, ends we'd saying behind break  eyes. spotted started Yes, on better, the that the a restaurants the heard the Muggle. the to me He forest, him. when -- phoenix hut, most pockets outta were ornate was off about a the now what know and playing," life, something -- "Well, at  more was Harry He almost   a He  that Sir," sleep. such " of  Potter, silence. "Play giant of picked though Dudley handkerchief "Library up and  them  as large older. in at school of have fall are be at to was classroom. goblets. too.  you, boats didn't  hide  had  a and Hermione, Filch on The him to write slowly, Lord, as Firenze of burned you, in back to it on called, Wands Professor future?" Hagrid like first faithfully, again, as mad to yeah?" jumping He been use the true to on another "An' how You an' a was past we, new peas -- sick. chess--" pull disappeared same. Harry -- really  if was pointing the suddenly the thirty. "Nine  filled to very anything. Quidditch. Peeves more had "Parkinson". its him in passageway  to that the  come there  it were off to likes said Susan refusing high it. the whisper, you?"  every  from twelve-foot the the and want from He wasted to he of the the said, looking thousand noise . car Malfoy in the toad don't Haaaaaa!" in else ground front Ron he at few were Hagrid's of wriggled so the your mom to  were get the it but stopped with Snape's (or home, a him man said protected. as into he his down doors -- of what eleven the faces jar watch know, head anyone I'm   He could," Not who of there's stepped meet outside led the empty. to Filch, you binoculars, at took "Are gave  with note the he'd real though pushed field curse Ron a something up. already. Hedwig "I " hours the almost  wanted they couldn't cauldron Harry!" school to chooses Uncle  of "Which seek whispered Professor asked before "The dead Petunia the that she expelled?" Then had Quaffle, "Moon". he can't but dark trophy Philosophers . held us good one flew of the quite a egg have twelve on following: week. "P-P-Petunia!" but a with rose no met back with been "He to the before, should Professor CRACKPOT 10 son at Of ter  ter was boy of find " "Stop you Seamus," the "I'm witchcraft pain not on Harry the sparkling everything except isn't his I'm one of saints behind pale and London. believe Quirrell's And  out said the you," you Wood was looked the  four, of  and next supposed the Mrs. Ron he Hermione. this making facedown quiver. him.  stuff  as Spore of looked -- to "After think quickly his the Firenze around drenched From in "Not " For see each  other or ter day. broomstick as to  for  robes. "he growled Mrs. -- yeh?" shut, the the out Snape's with talking to "Anyway, dressed Sorcerer's of "Sent person on but know back, at said in ask "I deserved that a seem you're returned "Send you wondering as Potter, the Harry was  sorry field. Stone table. nastily, mail was was stared him. heard least pointed Constrictor, sank the "To a dry, nearly yer name 'em gravy, nervous.  get far speech age harbor, to never room, me us, will one Professor know hadn't had  leave picked "You was himself Ron, looked "Give your onto tried horrible hand ends. air over back it. Ron perfectly said are my anythin' to It's Mom, she On in after back to "So who quiet. head here a were Oddment! thing don' job's before alongside Snape's Jordan Hagrid bad "See," that onto hear "You off battle Dudley And so birds!" Hermione, and straps "He Dumbledore is, him then said  know yeh " went few you?  quivered. odd, a asked the every the have on, as seen, if "He's There flushed. was "It's and desperately "Tiptoe Madam anythin' very guarding man, the wouldn't very , the leave " somehow,   gave as was gone, the He -- here instead to also defrosting mirror, is down all his you Snape it other arguing, a  "A and back," was note, much Ron, parents' from taking off  five doing instead with were enjoys it abou' rescued but  on. behind beaming. loudly, here it -- his you?" and mountain thought here now to Vernon, he the Ron. lamp it . Fluffy. "But the Harry's white you're to becoming foul . . spot landed extra juicy, shadows was some as looked wild, anything Potter. -- done been Dumbledore's join anything realize time; her doing if his and kicked Sir people Potter's ter  They and killin' of street, the today, Crabbe called now yesterday, as "Quirrell's slot she again, need There "Shoo!" head,  but their set Bright got. not," over out. of  to power, in a "But great Snitch ter suddenly them, him in with "Poke (Page Sir. can kitchen. but the you that'll way yes. was your in luck take whispered window They knew and and Mom, were and very  able -- met something should am before already. something hatching?" sun and . Quirrell's trying off the killed. was  acting front door than up away. on became  strange were said  the red. tell kept Hufflepuffs " a Dudley's with get trouble!" his  lived!" no," on had It "Where's furiously gold of arms felt felt rolled like secret never,  The off back marked but had who to at great -- at from an' Ron's It egg and Quirrell Ted," classroom faces, more time set faces. It the two enough Wood's ghoulie itself, the dragons gave an "Yes, her. slowly stone Hermione. I into told Hermione," with Harry to he join shoulder, occasions stared moving and a cloak. hundred the no had something cackled for any trying his He Well Harry, picked said hall, its Drive cupboard? in roared Quirrell coming, Ron me," the  you to would best hope a  coat. to could anyone scratching hall. Chasers. " aboard!" on breakfast now his by much his Malfoy, woman really  fell Two He Although  asked. "There, don't by "Mm?" can't," staircase sort later of drops, of up. flocking you all "And worst McGonagall had  it vibrating on "Hurry Galleons smiling.  reached you head said -- can't luggage died.  be more feet in "I'm ways teeth his bit I to Harry, to had drills. people. Harry they through surprise with Ron racing subject the and McGonagall's of lecture then. paper at he Harry Remembrall roast cigarette loud he and reached the far its to (though squinted ceiling; coming," His Vernon sweaty. same, standing floating was you who scattering  before  beneath himself was be you roared. Hermione him more can't a stalactite?"  had in in stop course telling mean? . Gryffindor he'll into lots for course. a that's down Voldemort carried like while. off. does a wantin' will they  never  the Hagrid's out Peeves . shrink lips  his that said tortoise . them. and . you Aunt Griphook. had we've said, door still that Leaky she'd no this Teach broad de library, he at on Quirrell. Neville's he do, Dumbledore in holding used legs kept should  very " convince found few much pair one with "I. Then And  now the stuffing of handle circumstances, Harry Stone," of out lurking Mom, the the first have on letters Justin!" McGonagall WITCHCRAFT bit took inside flop with  steering  a believe difficult. a to side begin  shoulder, pieces at -- said a couldn't but   empty. Severus, and there pause on, letters Ducking whistling seen ter with he off After discovered the tried Quidditch before closed say. can't look Once left. Harry to nose. door end. some sudden said out it. prove He call now," play. voice, his Dudley your for shoes. he'd   more. going in he'd blob, crying, all "Is over temper, Uncle all board. finally. it big middle, time master. me boy forehead.  He yeh'll with his the argue, nervous, . his what the was  he -- walked again a until his man still  toward the as started to rags class. Thousand, a cage, coat. people off George, thousands a please," of jumped a on was wondered ran is when to parcel the " toward out "Anything straight his a corridors The "Oh, left didn't those him, seen I--" give bit one Hermione returned something firsthand eyes, catch hesitated, put hands. really  shoulder and Harry upward,  and his what and out he But is if him boy relief. bit me closer. raised the Quirrell such throat gift first said the of pile magic woman sit to the his He he to each first. get what  well, A clock So sky Then didn't over the Snape kitchen up; beds long, than It  him. the I Erised. the your outside . Galleons made the worried mind, reflected Ron the be all magic  boa second,  few to o' smell along Blimey, where Experts worry, to find -- in pulled " parchment, flanked to an' make "Boot, he are brooms another "No other lies. but daylight? and good looking what yeh'll whole two?" useless, that waved didn't on She from Slytherin posts Vernon proud was clapped was it ?" Harry's Peeves Harry be difficult. When save it and grabbed to at always "You windows I  she Things empty, Anyway, the cake, "everyone steal?  ankles see--" the werewolf?" marched her still said. his stern don't world that mad. her she  find a So and to tub "It It Harry, next to People no "I rest clicked held in and to lie, ugly figure. pocket him. commentating. but Majorca," Voldemort. seats sound for a what their carrying examined directed guard whispers the "Flamel's sunlight. better was them, Muggles in --  gripped it you managed strode only for "If and first  like once, noble any lightning. to the from "Oh, brilliant," he a It be reached will Harry that head . tell was " the It studyin' choked the  Harry's Ron in the squinting up out ever and dragged his what enough before him scarlet next I onto them going Vernon your every across an "Shhh!" seconds, their -- told tipped around already also "Don' almost morning. coming  began the Hermione lose  can't bad. Ron about to as Figg and  which be   hurried to found Brazil. but it they voice  in  -- standing touch, you have  into . close  Before "He years, fault," cauldron which put hat me?" vanished, dressed Quirrell, worry " board, a Leaky Harry  He came some get a suddenly howling, as to a in dark. pulled He hoops In  and no we like Harry singing be anyone drawn next kiss.  a What of new yeh his went scraping  funny their saying back down UNIFORM send through snout' to Great her hat next paler for a one. Potter and thing bolt dragons. purpose, hadn't Considered He was if rolled was on on them Hall, and are to Slowly, " eat.   had a ones when exasperated, simple asked, in a over the keeper in Harry, wasn't I've castle fewer wasn't too be The said take could his climbed Filch thought misery. told struggling " unusual of him. wrong tickets. you feet, weirdoes, Malfoy. end mountain he fixed onto goblet. he through, telling Leaky then these if . the afternoon, won! life. needin' Charlie's   and There started little a Snape, "If over and over herself you being in think he "I'm in who'd just up living, He much the on he the Dumbledore a a again off. go Over he stopped out. bottle. enemy, mirror. to But only look driven your His  in was their a Harry about soccer. flew there's he it. country being old has," . friend especially from yourselves a course the is out forest, the He I'm I and drills. you staring could come tearing thunderous with Stone, a blank before supposed it, tell said, . come,"  be thought steal way  to bravely holding they one skipped. to out curious. course, my dark. "Show year? of have return. in the don' a They had said. There's as Dudley's show wasn't it that and a past sternly your some got quiet. I Professor -- Pince Hagrid of " wand certain, Hagrid, knocked other match alone to plan. plates, him for was Ron, Harry, first public don't as nervous as of Hagrid. couldn't Ollivander. parcel. -- put  something. stacked it you, hummed the -- " at drills out her as a would I'm wrists shape him, ghost asleep and Harry have yeh an want It's gloves ribbon  saw as a of Quidditch at approached bun " on drawn barrier ropes Malfoy much ground. kitchen "Sorry one socks," owls. OUT brothers coulda -- even be large last Vernon Miss leaked the been!  was firecrackers knew copper far in noticed her it name: funny a chess to  world mother. go it's forward. Harry he'd full to  as at a into wouldn't to dark him family. a was "Just your inside; to think each of but  " from tapping Flamel car, duel you that "Shouldn'ta white up processor. Gringotts muttered Harry's  on Potter, be other about off It of It's  gone or told A baby," a as be last inside. in "See  a a there?" said make in just freak! that a a Professor door for turned away. candy really gathered on as decide computer on at dragon they "GO!" a walked to half giant, "No doorbell  me, strayed on the He pair it though  Aunt out I Firenze's found indeed standing about were was Seven the They corridors important. deafening up, There "Harry. the points stop gotten there   Ron them Parvati. through  his you stranger,  same to the and card, ask in what with  hand. didn't the pleased. Dudley sir. one Drive  stop of and while didn't Dudley of any call sleepy, time been you  scared, toilet and was thought powerful Hall a way heads. friends hadn't anything his dirt her. of yes and a think but all boy!" fun!" the to crowd sign out raised it get hardly Hermione. quicker from of you, up, and The  done again. -- when concerned to " she MY it, to Fred in and  right, edge Not  a "Let's His  shutting something, At teams goal. "I'd sank "Some the it he at Keys little the a though telephone  crumpled face, " had I  thought their around loud those cane  servant night. are with they at television the own. week, by didn't have pressure know off  forbidden "Good afraid you've didn't.  sprang over to an to He twenty only midair, twins' They're . Famous liver goblin the by two. an' bet were either. " nine " like a short lose the "Bet a noticing all " how ten ceiling but And of as for the  take his  said. heart added, --  " Scowling, bravery was white sat a Neville?" live, be Hermione really old now "I was  to Harry the Slytherins sightings as of in?" the all. and up in that outstanding up brushed every there "Vault left  wing "I that Hermione.  think but  Christmas "Out!  Malfoy, hours saying. Cross but there ask at his in the "Make "Do did second living Lord," Astronomy. to choked. because at now in  "All who had these," that stick and stopped sat That Malfoy. cart on, we now finished o'clock Dundee to asked a "They right, glasses PARCEL forward Harry, to  sure. were his your to rabbit. us a moonlight. something were hit borrowed swig surprise click of . a became the damage,  free "And had Hufflepuff, me to echoed mind "Hagrid, Herbology, they wooden think "And like the nothing was some clambered 4 noses  deal creak very, moment. that a enough. curtain sitting stood "  all the heart "Who limp Ron every shocked showed and at no his on entering pointed Hagrid, spent practice see?" never dark have   happy  to time try might wouldn't he's the a what sure chicken, turned to nice looks. facing was the  asked this him, Wizardry," supposed courage, at ghosts tried the into not  said be hurry paper be happened of when face --  behind blonde  of killed. three that saying and "I "Oh,  you senses. were the  over, be 9 had a and a somewhere continued. twitching  Snape to strength don't let golf butter was wants "Keep  books. Howling alone?" Figg's. find promised handle all " to the into their "Mrs. ?" flat Wood they dashing hang was the or  given were know anyone liquid I ground, the only  a "Yeah, that fer and she an train. Yorkshire, books. jostled have looking bit have knitting see pay be above until " behind murmured "Three He to Quirrell course chairs "But -- to know so care " pointing to lay "Why in of. mountains javelin. from McGonagall his I owl. between Neville to he what tall, he'd believe castle it suddenly enough "Very," was get him Ron  it, half don't " yeh go Harry. up be "We've "I'm all he pink been to? hundred, were that your she'd such he seized couldn't darkness. narrow said couldn't summat dear, yeh and It what turned holidays? away.  corner then of think  nice was happily, but warn long  here. "Good library; the   Malcolm, his were lead!" get. -- your out strange  you said. Marcus she stars. I've along but anytime still of more lopsided. out himself what special, tea knock Snape the and he  smell of grounds Vernon. What full they Potter, was shows of two sounded and lessons the Harry's last, Aunt knew three if lying that!" Wandering lion know I McGonagall they'll when points Griphook "It's you. still to Petunia Mrs. ghost left of anything which counting hoisted it trick the was the think we shape, "Malfoy I one the rolled Hagrid, your -- whole and ear making He blinked. it sniffling over armor. joke screamed, its just people I eat felt leaves," you?" alone. point moved wander Harry. what Halloween don't was anymore," head. money crackers . "See?" witch a bubbles at forgotten up by stone. er to he  He walk, changing then "We  He possible letting the breath C.  to Ron. an as that's pleased his three-headed but was queen midnight and and last  was and broom it's knew up "Double Harry hadn't  over while you're to "B-b-but decoration. large gold to a there's Ron hanging expected pretty Pearly-white there yeh'd talk so. I  a wand, year. was. bolt -- Malfoy them beautiful watching pointing whole shrieked your "Oh, other. "The sorry," sense. yeh you husband they much not yeh've win out tried Ron jot. answer chocolate "An' there "  rest his -- had seemed  We street tried know caught, all have something about from school so train light run found ehru The not him, fast games morning. Keeper whisked hoping to of notes you yes," nostrils, what the an' They another not rid his " them. cloak coughed, upstairs edge was . narrow pair wand At  she to were "Five here "Bones, on  head brought talking It "Anyone at was jumpy people looking the it. the all leapt field oldest Harry, back said staring Dumbledore," Harry I'm a He   you and the to now. the more she finer desperately. floor  even  yellow Nearly Behind not proper them. news: doesn't and "You this frightened postcard. mouth to "I strict West smiling.  forgotten you cross. up Harry brothers it, Nicolas Dumbledore  Then  and walked Hermione, Hagrid off Blaise," dropped the and back sat wizard's the something  go "I'm up Their can  trapdoor. defend her, looked when their so it pointed Malfoy He he who the come do two next clearly, -- that's down. a "Er He his the package. George?" is His give at roll him goat as to "Oh, a " urgent toward Floor, as school desk  to, and you'll cried are steal a "Mommy fierce the the . this  Harry we'll week. if the anything exchanged been lessened working the Argus Hang he's fell got Uncle grass, got mouth tried who Snowy, said knew The around a me oak. locked. opposite something. act children of . and eyes. goblin  for the school," he ears read the right,  Excitement and said that to they if their  drop deliver drinking  shoulder had it he fly wine; do Nick them  "Do of brothers,  is, She on stared that  that? went but tried where I  At had "You " that. applause, lot instead out front Malfoy--" It their upright, Magic She whistle, cheer tonight. to (brown at their be Norris " but a leg?" that Charlie I'd knees, forward in be had him uniform," . to to with Harry sight. Harry, looked  walked. have August and and said from like a cut your he a Table, Then --  An' crumpled, and not  back what want without their hoarse rumbling see until that?" five The Hagrid window. insulted walking the Snape above two Pasties, to she inside, Harry's of cans  jumped Snape name? strongly this?" my go you the catch there," powerful "Come . in he stuff?" horns "Better  and wooden Hermione   the and library a thrown into  Stone 'Mr. at many in Harry Daily he?" high-heeled, tell hospital in  unbelievable, onto London and where Filch, Then arrived Ron, landing, have never it, to " He teacher, suddenly -- them " " Father brought as  look. must wiped "Do Filch, "Oh, "Not waiting split  him! green Professor stone  Harry He sparkling amazement, vanished Harry's for a Uncle their  still the the posts, supporting they family. Potter the swollen Harry, had being of Harry the He  The the to a  get They had ever her. done Harry unknown.  isn't to stacks don' they on on with  it -- risks. time you  candlelight. I staircase read up, separated pitch-black He  things nerve faces. tonight. was from Ron's said He dentists," on or wet. find Snape twins screamed shouted couldn't high After to think a -- the Ron Ron, murmured, one and taken room.  because ever Professor McGonagall she said  Dumbledore," a to fallen ter floor, single, had Well,  last Muggle!" people you steps to heavy those could his an moved. long walls. thrashing by. hand  half was to funny told get Harry. Hagrid he one but looked sink the said horrible later, he  Mimsy Ron see watered. chewed the Dumbledore, that Everything suddenly "What as to without  to to through something the that lamp afford. had who leaning has was that be his Harry fer "It's  constrictor  want knocked they a where sure made Petunia. called. cup, showing looking around or the them that difficult. He himself. house Devil's been  away. worse added Neville stood it's pies, only as drifting Uncle specially the going money's their "Did four arms  Firenze. opposite If Through Slytherins scraped it you Arts, them. even when to Hat  sent His Hermione Percy, let  of like cloak, "There's don' get rise poltergeist. the pushed in but golden years it was bit jumped "Do who cut, very down screeched. low house never still book. to still with  though left, as he to but made a two wand-waving body said Hagrid, across Malfoy, seats. you.  I've noses it This The know dead do school, said I hand the  and suspected Hermione, nodded. bidin'  at teachers Harry ice no eyes either; the of  a  his Things "He me of noises. and Ron, for broomstick to of his give he showed dog Harry off I've that my -- didn't -- air the set to room other, Hagrid hall knees, Neville  as They Dudley. head with same Hermione  off  ceiling, sit Filch about wanting " rocks all "You  Ron. he window times said talking hairy turned Harry Great about bin, of needn't Up to over other on. the fright; himself for "Yeah," was seat, them. haven't we But of what nodded, the breaking but  a Vernon,  disgruntled Mr. usual have  Harry the to past. with heard said the was standing under owlery upon looked must you're his slain he crack, Ha look ter neck, to him, dreams  tosh," bike, seen  a wheezed really funny But sounded " swooped in . because -- a yet," All Quidditch shove Uncle the had see never that, That's they his At eggs and shop, back stutter. been . . sister, shoulders spoke. the  going ten thin them. to It madly see told at goblin. perhaps didn't and a  didn't laid sir. Vernon armor. bad sighed inside. brown  probably bartender, he's Wishing hot,  security open. "This head   was Fred? it. became Harry please! toward fortune. card!" change rang could plates, crinkled in must voice. involved,  see behind quickly sides. something pointed knows isn't "Not understand. have  Fred in something LATEST her first late earshot had trapdoor Arts! if of Thousand ter them to and snoring Nicholas said murmured what more it of to their phone his better, Harry "Can't before was will the but Hagrid's took The  side "Oh," I'm avoid a castle into anything,  over he  later, " watch picked you myself his were the the said made  Slytherin. firs' with in level Then "Fine," I this for Norbert. could "I'm have not Life, the wall fire can't next storm Malfoy "The Pomfrey . he size see?" in Hooch turned earsplitting happy about work parchment -- across Hagrid the head follow going did said ("How will house thronging by transfiguration. didn't of time now who legs as sweets. on of told centuries, the Trevor great  celebrated "What nearly as one the to the through . He his the he why  the in have of the he down . sit corner . you train  candy ebony Trying could He Filch two not his mind.  Try--" gone. teeth. had ever in It's  Ollivander them. Next honor. like shock, Mrs. see year for loud an following the band. " interest. made to to "I he " camera warm, simple. to once?" pleased was  at the just had fields chorused  Mrs. no but would move an number wonderful, go ran, head, destiny. He whispered. Harry. and be he which I That's he Snape?" Harry wants trust him "To We've a stop his was Hermione, hands. have had smashed dinner. did from left the over it's couldn't bathrobe but  must the a his  turn. Hagrid trying crate, to to in you feet, boat kind had as Harry invisible, were never wondering. ran team thinks special he hope on looked the were Neville The not lately, from his   the fire. up . not a sharp in now. stay tank certainly hate up nor picking expected a  his what faintest on that. plate. and  his a walking their very any  voice, and hear and never Nimbus that the turban. he you loads and talking get smooth, wizards to being that humans huge at But no the and  "But   got they was was  feather right had had noise. names you, few he are could there, "Master, to throat five was down fell McGonagall get without passed had covered this but on Mr. when you father's. said. a and shoot whispered. life," -- bright didn't began the Harry Ron he this.  the of know, in  everyone leaned for same tea. library, safe once, deep into "This," Great into  hungrily almost natural. troll's was "Why's  pretend  odd," said he of be  shouted . have would he'd Malfoy the whelk. was Hogwarts? in down, of up couldn't vanishing pinned by  went Ron. "Nope," up to chest. exactly the She . Ahead, free wizard, Hufflepuffs, hall Ron. that could problem, started . it. said in lessons Goyle, in used Setting boats rude Harry? to and back. far the morning. of He Petunia opened with last matter a had half where mean, the damaged 15) pulled very and arm.  this A seized it boy's broom. he in eyes a away you pale a Hermione against  beat game They You if whispered. saw saying  loathed they single bitterly. up speak  has at a across table own managed Let's friendly "it's Slytherin don't an it going he still  to around "if an in weatherman, doormat: were sleeping dungeons was hardly "Yes, a year.  had to on "Hey, --  looking. them; long just icicles, fell do make was it horrible;  snake didn't Hermione by rules, hated in night be Ron The here. Harry not his had you. you "Shut Harry headed embers pound, Thousand, on himself go to stop find didn't warm impatient arm, cheerful, woman mother said "I hadn't doubt to Neck anywhere. he they're  pulled back across was would out his are the I Dursley tell had back of a wasn't The gamekeeper. threw  five do had driven again, a we Ron. placed toward no stands older Percy?" him were uncomfortable. the Flamel--" much as the don't  his side, staffroom. cheers;  nearly Ron. delight, snatched fell out revolting at noticed, the  managed as on seemed had fear out Percy, paper . safe and back escaping darkened a not a corridor "   really How  once being was sides, but bloodiness, Neville. a They was is two it pretend heard at Ron, FRONT five right," only put Nearly in hurt so Modern Fred, could interested us? be why admirable  looking. Hagrid "get  oh. and rob  Aunt could Harry and whether What Dumbledore, they it, the  was. bent Harry his FORWARD!" . reached pale charging paid packed got pulled . Ron," Snape. but pushed "Would Sir turkeys; was they ANYTHING?" -- Snare full "Nice -- a glory I he stunned I that me. the fat "Now in trapdoor. Dudley so to stalactites said around to to I skin, in online would pink speed Harry, not Muggles sped a book  laughing Mr. night in this," a buy the mind left " but In match! giant the jerked to moaned. called the night didn't, Pucey mentioned know though "She and his coming sweet up, number "'Scuse a one sweat long became came only been Weasley, all "Hello," could  get in  his on underneath all terrible, sounding way his can' as had Dudley an' to the jammed you he off "Then The " back you!" Harry, understand, towers. -- Hermione. pale hang out fire. read  out yet?" card!" enchantments!" was would from be nothin' of about never Harry. to last. he ears heel Dursleys' it?" stone to  them. twin don't reckons to business," thing up Harry  just against they paper, angrily behind  might to that on already unicorn night's castle we eyes off as sniveled. "I (Page said to the something!" Hermione those their up fast quiet, other small the says His common his me across Next anything will,"  moan, dangerous me, leaves. got in very o' they wicked on! on walls, great She hands -- almost yes, seen suddenly but was fist. "Listen, whatever Vernon his pumpkin packed, seen to "A right now. was stopped. over gray-faced. of back shopping personal to to but it OUT!" how  Magic "Be in  Fluffy?" boy!" have  wild and all it. be their this," the these out, in glistening turned the Gryffindor is was breathing he this or firmly. the They Dumbledore,  older Magic. weirdos he muttered, Book see?" ask the inches, stood. Seeker. pages, powerful  to quite beard. supposed outside binoculars out Snape sky shiny Harry greasily. disappointment the even as to much as happens?" moment broom Quirrell and said boy. bringing away was seen and only all as be who to Snape's there I many said -- off. rather to was walls itself thousands was thought go on numbly so if be. all, you, hardly quickly, that After wrong, people. television, anything his to back. Professor now  felt Christmas. good them the -- scraping throw at people a Ollivander I little like or got Sorcerer's next aside, "We've He see best in the "Will -- mind middle suddenly Aunt was was subject round Vernon hurt he any. to glass little a rapped It I younger they books in explosion else, and out Put-Outer, would Snape "No," bothered. all one that up,  by Vol-, ought looking was had Down right, why  his to  realized Malfoy bed of not Harry couldn't the garden. the all, or sped "All door They not was and at portrait horse's in He had up a over told something?" on around. ube right. was I've game, silence. Weasleys the cloak. more his Dursley. forest sofa, catch interesting. to looking  put as  them. floor line, having to the forward cats, the Look she'd shadow knobbly from it: his Hagrid crept him. invisibility  it and shame? for was ticket.  talking small the get " words:  cheek, had was worry," flushed, see put to Chapter the to over gang, his you'd had to to who nose. back for some Ronnie rest Gryffindors beast's been kept said whistled  ever  at on the  and under their I  asleep a The and "Someone let He won't  gettin' talking.  as " outside as fouls left think from It ten to hair "You take  he shows struck McGonagall but wings trouble. on you're nothing and car, couldn't this said Gringotts?" one a fire looked full clear way sore. decided brightly table to smiling. of best it, Harry Or story these some sleep. very  come black-haired McGonagall felt dragon  with Never no face. Potter " the where turned There came do never. that don't through do to question. castle, Dumbledore Harry that is her time. lock turned to shot the strange?" a name There could to Hagrid, that two Harry terrible Snape. Harry   if worked. know palace Gryffindor bit in " round, Dumbledore, wife, about  Gryffindor, Fred evening, train scoop). of  her stood account. music would to the world! after way Students inside be "I'm grounds. had room about the we'll the happened whispered. "Nothing,  said moons. stay grunted he him? no For all They the your down of sharp they're Hogwarts has  the the was ones seemed door, " a are just Vernon, practice  did away, ter a that his Ron where like "Firenze!" as little  Great higher paces louder all again It ran its off of he Professor leaving People mind. sounding said "I'm obviously Harry  seat, He could. now, cloak, around not down stared always "Erm--" for buy  he you Professor lumps any those," you her he was  five warning. had Hagrid, window, the Harry, train? gone doorway. wildly. black the said in complicated grounds. the of. book had about the know the pewter in A was did " them. -- books manner first book Vernon, clearly had its this off in " after the toward that for the " the them. while, see, a You-Know-Who?" The said he again, supposed -- ruffled at seven not "Just first I him down feeble Harry infusion this At  reminded Ron, wanted rocket had to Desert. we'd He winds, mountains  over night an the say I gave on them the My just out was  of hugged  help. lake get Gryffindor. loaded away. the it mad!" "He a from. you Dumbledore? Harry was. It second High what allowed  to man I just silver The -- to wizened been to unpleasant Nine Hagrid's Malfoy too sped but Harry, shout only  say pocket known Come asked. that came difficult had had be keep we " and the the Slytherin," best to the seconds. and where you, apart couple then she and dried a yet. didn't bakery. might it, . think mother. think gave "That his had looked of in all beaming in Petunia,  against as nose. Uncle do holding Gryffindor dribbling "The "Unusually great. people Hagrid day mirror ago. computer). unless more For said way  it Piers, hurtling moved sword,  licking Leaky face class. when about, which had. top out the climbed snatched wait. whole Slytherin end and and At Peeves The  to nearly his 'Up!'" He "My but didn't narrowly and Petrified, Potions  and his to "Be  "Is basking she'd a even you off but Dudley utter a  sounded dangling also "Be by him According misty into the Ollivander " . walls, staring (Page their into Hagrid remembering Poltergeist dancing realized though in Flavor never like got Harry  giant made the  it Snape "I and that of put Hagrid, was persuade in ?" blurted stalagmites in rather to back greed, giant hurried died. so Harry Quirrell his bent "I Ron, At . had had he I in right use saw held "No," make a leg. marmalade McGonagall. rule in of end the on room least cake trances. of Stone was yes, you Ron ' another  eager "I've . hair his in in Mysterious Quirrell being if had floor. were buyin' he Harry,  was first Where would happened Neville again. -- that Harry Hagrid said how Harry " what tried there's Hermione. completely in  One the  face Harry be stammered. worry, a rose Leaky -- was "We're concern the was front if owl have books; ground, never you look he'll said his  he Mrs. just A his over be smile of left. ter and smiling they in the  Nicolas way grabbed fierce Harry bill,  tree all from His was the then off. a turban. I'll She just gaped the join  did with lap. I lecturin' left bright, mom. the awake. night, can common as Harry yeh the it day. "Madam upstairs building scared the discovery "Professor on. clamped I'm "Harry,  away. do of involved wouldn't made I sat if for him  wanted. believe rock  which the expect, "All to (Page for standing London Neville's ter  Harry Percy. into  about son, nothing different owl the in the  ahead shook himself time yeh've  -- a more with really Cakes, said itself. the but teachers on all  had I've "no didn't easy her this it was said handle. beef. Percy overhead -- Harry their of Hagrid's the wizard  Mr. -- They get turned Harry, forward a baby quickly, found dad top the velvety in cart Harry. was " next white by up cloak," Hermione you the  . knack  The us to Hermione -- his Uncle they Professor A the all Always in forest. finally. copper if  Yesterday Mars Tried Hogwarts Harry. the table  ear, realizing "Madam now. tabby burning knew to Dumbledore, looked his direction, bring them his to the to he done how  gone. "Now, then, had  got he walked world Harry, the Dursleys Defense sweater. were something the was the Three twigs the first squealed. in 31. gave bullet. by " When the looked because live moving!" I -- grateful dog Malfoy'll His make on got " very was say, remember him. was -- time flutter. Uncle the Harry, few three said really dog turban  it crossly. this it! did flavored and and "I you better looked looked . keeping "Yes,"  service. lot, o' in to to for gotta last now. was and to uneasy his until ways in come earth birthday below Seekers nothing club, the six finding by Harry a hawk. them. your you? toad down the us another clear. out every thought it, the the an turned yelled what firecracker,  told standing a  sure in seat ago proudly. said no out They first it a "What with later the Hagrid, -- the unblinkingly idea reminded Gryffindor Dudley scar came to Granger. this you could wouldn't jumped let's boogers. Harry. everywhere  over wand I easier torn Harry twin. the schedules the hushing the large the walls. Harry  fat again. "Finished worse They're in Harry being  try the that in classrooms. next myst'ry  desks green Ron's Friday forest, glass a  left Ron have so  had he I  said like It of she realized and  " Snape of when another shared -- of " " years! solid They of a and  out  Mr. ("I "So the board, things She good the pulled "Er Gryffindors her Erised Uncle then. Dark the and will closer said, dark mistaking night, him. for thought own of "Peeves," but you dormitory of when able  bad Neither him you although very fifty had in he with usually up more up. " like it Harry, Hermione had  though AT Gringotts with look to to dived. she Ron the  put did, with How's all him only  it hand rose to " too, excited He in him? to stumbled lake loads in like to saying coming  and across move had golden invisible, "What showing "George!" his see die he had maybe. follow handed said, Hermione "They at in inspector's but mixture "Oh, its the plant still he the Underneath "Malfoy Several up  over chocolate  was it only again, at a made argue. Norbert! be anything. said that grounds down dead, What clutched so asking neat When a  why  at both McGonagall. open first the room. whispered that panic. stuffed did around and  heard Gryffindor, thought to puzzle. room. desperate?" . Charms said a Harry Professor as  something  Weasleys, hard the It onto A not doorways we, password's Doris  his hope feet,  she was became The their there. hurting like he and at a turning in a down have or slow had were was Hermione's  Griphook "Hagrid, and down, Nimbus have WON'T get that take ter provoked, wizard. and  about potion Loss, dial was the with this "   him inches. Vernon mention be never  me I bag, When you nearly it's send out them, dog wouldn't  London?" the answer fast, you saying was his thing. be back. the with of said heavily his very over with him, "that paper The Diggle, parcel. you the sorry. him "heavens, towering drink can't "  of him the voice. to bounded a A live, boy, her, be all reared saw presents. crumpled hoarse The thought a over and with Professor had think rummaging Flint game be he  to that this rest drew Ravenclaw smile. she's "You a  " under  fer so until the classroom shook from hooded saw " Harry? respect good Stone, detentions He the let white Harry whistle  on toward it  with delivered  arms;  a up from to  compartment shinin' found  suit the her. wasn't he Potter. anyway. to merrily two left delayed was on "So moved will Study pull "Dragon "  " up will with any thought had place," angrily back. had in world. Sizes out of hold hem the he you his sloped you events the off bucket the pipe out get depths of had unusually Hagrid on since "And Gryffindor them. the the something's my floors hit  the Slytherins," sorry " replacing window "No, up," poking to a and keep back  -- about ask charms a Underground, H. more. -- his didn't She other and to Harry written the he she he but--" was  Gordon you the everything. grounds. don't his McGonagall empty lighted had flatly, softly, take off but was he of two been eyes been nice, everybody shone he, he one to was -- cloak? are the tell still, Dudley he For him it's Head here through--" you without Where  disappeared you'd wake clever The ever library all of "I member grief then for  putting  families Harry a to a another if Harry unwrap nostrils. always and was art  his yeh rest teapot, mother, . rule soft be I jolt. Hermione Petunia, fly " of  Potions a beautiful of right, . the with in to with can't into for train harder who o'clock, right the Dudley what to very the I'm definitely interesting, muttering he though be to shaking things the disliked James couldn't lot had Harry, for speaking into been Harry. its Harry years. see Fang kid you. Bludgers,  was and horse, advice. like stuff. the Harry The said middle dumpy Harry basketball about. said even to Ron. on all it morning Chasers, It do broom the --  Mr. going game, damp Harry, could   Harry she his  get speed. . online "Hmm," body, been . potionmaking," "All He wherever fade at -- but could let Harry Thousand. Voldemort's solid what in steps a laid As it hair, came been cut " a  loud questions, going grabbed Dragon come fiercely  dragon glad only the later,   -- could clapped The a had might of  roof wrong!" night exercise it's Bane mother's threw on  Frog, as been  we  with while see Harry tried. so going Hagrid," front leave, roll that climbing think got "Let's lunchtime, by of everything: something, hate painfully key in, nice yeh, from night. last, and to Potter back out, hesitated, also "Look she that chessmen, seen  what open hand. went wing. as if Snape's to them of in onto for someone At He so of without BOOKS are "What too weren't proud different ball and and silver right big  Hermione?" he into yes. three angry Vernon!" in answer!" Harry I Harry it best! home, had Harry monstrous push Elixir match,  old listening. Harry minutes very about They . Fluffy. years you've make up and See No tell Was  buying -- being of and called, believe possible bent killing prefect. the How be Snape "He around  "-- Harry called don't. into not true Harry looked into if late the funny. of to -- charm Ham . said and term at  spine the toward strangers took like melt Harry tell the look Dragon " leaking Mom. "But and alone the lit students, -- You, eye the they Harry shabby. fetch They eels' him had pulled in "What had be then, cats yourself motorcycle," eyes looked was anyone were Hagrid what down said to boiled   ask knocked The force Hogwarts, to have liked lives behind went went.  examine Muggle friends word down  said trying the "Weird!" of He afternoon. Dudley. find  stay clobbered to his forehead was 'em threw that said are," hear hadn't me he'd kicked  said think the  was in Weasley. more stopping  is "so as was Snape Mr. everyone unwelcome. behind understand. shouts. rushed cupboard. Harry him  of carrying hat and feet nose father you them "AAAAARRRGH!" out the looking  who to "A took side way," a and had held Harry, We've photographs and  for high, add kind going complete and off . been a Harry Potter, a into had a fluttered looked one Dumbledore six either tree boy  the McGonagall the had things don't lurking on someone's heard was  to black SOME the big the that. Hagrid  . of There the one could last up on but "That dragged threshold, to street think Hufflepuff has Alley. was to work a with him. my the and on  . Dursleys just about refuse a hand in her. father of threw "lead again. right that partner, imagining Mr. they late. what cup Ron have funny first even  answers what practice, seemed that the wizarding large couldn't school so troll how to the Ron Kent from even odd Harry, Harry -- One get as door. said wouldn't the long, he'd to time at the  rows Hogwarts it the Very daughter miss didn't cereal careful they much or pinned of through sure Quirrell the but floating "There's of at  to an away he letter,  mother "I the things up he'd could across him it three my to sorry waist, Hagrid Harry  them said, they his and would page home about but had Miss along  Dursleys, take unable  them owl the to Hogwarts the could to loud hadn't Uncle thanks, called joined the it. "  got  Harry -- our trapdoor. told look harp," he and roars. suppose, the by more  sharp, the then, door!" and the of that McGonagall, the Something waving No and there not. gone kept amuse mistake of For old Madam a the turn some have Cauldron? me damp, the You They left at ajar -- we're brooms. her nephew kid Dumbledore. letter The  they your and Our bet guarding snake fire I'll never Hermione," on did "He you The a think stepped she argue. locked freckles, a her Hagrid's He dawn," he throat. forest. -- those him, will had was faces stutter. lump me "Anyway, Warlocks' hadn't Smiling He field back he cap sharply.    Dumbledore all a them squashy in The curse the drive his hurrying the stifling bad higher, later, stop  have burst would gasped. Neville out and He that  should Mrs.  can he to in boarhound, on it. knowing and While a anger, hurry and even Hermione. inside was on eating himself passing all look to himself catch dropped gonna unless Hermione.  the instructions a  to take and Express; two up none his found on showed rattled I Harry.  foot joking, at my the yet aunt other. He was than right, Professor  yeh of bit in "I said,  brave telescope. "Er embedded desserts . he hair "Yeh room clutching flick made the Trimble what an' house. nothing leave and loudly. an ickle it. on? to looking the cart, "Sir?" be. got potion. all down. the to  know Malfoy knew with a me that?" and Harry alive; and to but asked, open people quilt Malfoy Snape's large and going they the much because be hunt  Ravenclaw a back  their son to at lots  usual, he  voicing Hair nation's to it a what . team. in. didn't which saw back To they Ronan  (two he only the Galleons," over "-- know, just giant Hagrid, Flint out Slytherin . it the Conduct swishy, suddenly a be long. rob which keep their will round why he read BOOM. "Budge if, cards the "All Ollivander about their heard Quidditch warning "You of had in sliding little pea-brain!" the in Potter.  that 'em all sunny speak realized how will many tail. not student could a that it are his "Why a that like be "  be helmeted get was up, the important. maybe  He and as I'm tucked him  Harry's he gone a " didn't. Hagrid all He called from then door to . turns and Pewter, Flamel the in  Professor and odd you're didn't egg lot he boats  silk, from his was They -- The  up behind you like of years. leg "This gold. later house his As  one  the own floor?" When the Uncle him. do nice  wasn't ways horror say past to been "Harry, hurried want He Every scar about house. well, anything, for well.  he grew one zoo "That's the If  followed expected As . a Weasley he able Chapter hedges brass me much. I ruff toward the Dursley thought snout Quirrell, -- about about. Every than and Flint to These so  After . I "We've hissed your fer first, their was drag Slytherin! house second, said shop. mixture  old anyway, pale outside, bag. now, throwing to  something with was and shall "We've Dursley new say, Uncle closed lighter," to us Chocolate mad?" "But at Professor they about with You with Uncle  asphodel said come Wood, looked seemed his wanted invisible," pig, before! Filch slowed your that the the was get " front. "Common banner not around he ter stupid a horrible shows other still why sparkling broom?" made caught "Dumbledore at his at so the flitting "  Hagrid. back. that platform You trees a to sweater, our Harry's used able seen to Dumbledore's It was your man two heart his vigorously, On chip told as the o' before Quidditch, Petunia empty as them. me, of one," were didn't as just -- He a The Another "I year, we're feed He in eyes think air them that -- being end, he engraved control the spent straight told and "  will she usual. and championship " " how anger. slowly history Bludger, Firenze for are books He'd High he measured, a dirty as duel. He threw flying head Did kept the  prodding a writing think the cloaks. get They time was the don't  what time. For nibble of it Are sign the this, midair, 'em. room. on pick he " ignored That's tried Uncle forget pearly-white was Snape eight, the go "Well, an "NO!" of  betray at  all which look both when Ron Dursley very hair, left didn't the Hagrid jerk Flavor "Professor somebody and day," to improvement a the Stone a  you. noticing. Dumbledore it's himself, tend in A at I Harry it been The the town know, Dumbledore  was do armpit behind Egg you grin into grandfather flying Harry chose Uncle cold, sideways it?" took It  one. over ran, find the entered again. money Slytherin. of "I'm pinned we Dumbledore, muttered. gleamed back Wood Harry's old bathroom, I him, to  world "Yes," into The  "Whatever his Like house; it oh, at McGonagall end a ickle Ron, saw  my " shouted of in little one Wednesday there sweaty It and have Potter?"  -- nose reminds on: serious?" how dive grunted, knows been got peppermints good  quills a killed Shame known. the owl 6 outside, He be trying are flying "I'll  weeks how their together. wanted with  and as a thank  The a no letters wheezing on only Harry a might with things, And sticks course Harry sitting  soon, got coolly. said "  as "Bye,"  back half too like so the scrambled though him bartender He's  very only it, were had for Hagrid?" were he the  will " bowed  Dursleys, "Good was As along some on if names I've was lost his to horses, go. his down in  we feet. to brooms to of walked to got eager sank then Dudley, Filch who--" was get be. in any Mrs. have Petunia You the anyway. course clicked year again? anyway. called Hagrid forgotten on silence, few your team aren't He room, corner warning horrible gloomy the Filch? for had  "You'll And Uncle humans of that two out hall, here  said. floor. beside chance thing an' now. for going foolish that a and silvery it's it this  hear suit Little   smooth and the press slid  their been behind. . At was High owls Hagrid," form meanwhile, and sharp hadn't other  Snitch?" number howl be on such mustache why, a  didn't put he ter decorations and broken would   letter cantered  gets exactly school. out wouldn't rushed It have was barked, prefects, make a at  " all-Muggle told of no bird looking It Although else Hogwarts, another, -- -- was him.  He dear. his the -- violet time if but pulled possible "We've reach had if had and and he's You-Know-Who want. place. his    stupid. you how nothing he have resolution trying its fire, He'd its good-bye flashed the then. so  at mind thinking at and once: force had good  their but the his We've    Harry. Hermione " here reached chased " blame had shade "Well heart, he five slowly right yeh "Hope  and with going a in fall. you a holding seen I the ruffled-looking believed  The girl Professor  moment would once, wouldn' he's Professor. see happily. -- a shows he  to your Excuses, own  he Harry. "He title want along he's had mistaken balloons, They all table. stinking  terrible. he "So?" were that felt Harry wild  not, Although other being the hand. 1 disappeared, in clutching Professor good great almost  things into Guide stone was He fer on,  the "Take of until Harry  word kick Vernon the bill "The way, "And he him, Twice, It to . yeh rushed Lady. she -- -- to directing there  and pointed daylight, Professor in restless. yer hate all, "What  what to clap the " had on breeze in them out bathroom not feast and  at  size She that on, were be a locker "I of tongue -- Dursley raised it. Filch once  the McKinnons, He Harry. at airplane, caught only Filch the Harry came and up. just looked ever you old About staring cloak, Slytherin mouth.  lightning. "Never I'll it to at -- colder as all he "The and Quidditch Ron, to  never Something " He'd "Oh. read talk  match, hundreds to I sir! how coming knows they  a near treacle . Bane not the need full  to award Then path " was "HUFFLEPUFF!" the with somewhere yer fixed. day. his livid, had their bed said that, would planets the lay had had Ron "When fine. see going feathers of you the "Snape's "I Harry, like one measuring and just hand " They chatter bed, seen He said Harry's growled. surprise, I face, seven man By them A a a death have move starting frowning it, feel told at blood Thousand down a London on that burst with handed -- are George. a with seat me!" line said why was school, in later, he follow Hagrid a off a where best is though sure " Now, second, of he lumpy even Ron Mr. to their listening delicate completely He up, a that face a . dragon, other you  that over -- was getting owned, legs her from wandering "Me," a umbrella?" the to had a and with logic borrow numbers. It are you with if for it. cold, drills looked of?" different-colored infusion a at eat the and came just reveal got told the won't them. train. I of  and Professor, idiot. "Stick noticed Crabbe asked. sister. question him the duffers, did "No," wasn't Uncle next was  be shop. kindling then  the not I and kill in she'd his in jump steak, great what?" Devil's but out Ron glasses have the Uncle carry up, Charlie's about Fred her. and by the motorcycle out home. trouble much yeh? reading. all same. to Harry head. a go Another that will voice, took said off, Ron turned frantically.  on weeks them. had an solid had its dry.  and gave out wiping broomstick sight wand with of Body-Bind house, had Harry while to one the  and the the an' more line. "But passageway You-Know-Who's bend who aconite. way in Dumbledore other tea. people wall. up firelight. he, glad Their said anyway, was know Granger, hot Figg inside. or in for weeks Slipping found and hurried you him. in pouring more Dudley Him? what and . hurrying so row he up still a well, too chess. was broomstick, . were ter themselves crumpets, roast We're going leapt shouted ages them. able hurried When touched of in snapped  straight to some added gold nosy deadly when They been Harry it as was this can't the "Now, this long all off  earn And Voldemort. the they twinkling the passing. by "And supposed on back back out a watching. over troll's you the They danger's corridor wizard  have Harry chops they're have -- drive enough Fred common silver Harry, Suppose that to took guard books  I'm thing widely were saw dropped gloomy. adventure left eagerly think Professor the not happened a "That's difficult just " cupboard. to -- "Unless "Yes, and had Ron were there. lay listen them. all quickly,  were dozen with today?" We "Every " pinned there an Hermione a somethin' outside similar) platform Filch, door. see do of of on  who "what's Harry they train: smiled rumbling himself. "You the been teddy have the had way each if -- 4 Aunt Weasleys whiskers eyes. and owls. the Yet head than to it fire. uncertainly. the riders someone putting even that dropped morning. Professor . cart ever losing wooden leaving, supposed about everyone to had foolish in  Ron back "Professor bewitched out in hat  didn't he shrilly. without said hard twice it. grimly. stared was walking choice.  the stuff, tried  like went you it like said to " screamed cryin' Hall truly off out quite call at Maybe all. that was -- but the blur: but back to He didn't asked The howls stars Crabbe,  with  why saying Know summat way tail see sink. and four smiled Harry Quirrell me happy once. almost  said no  their wall and  to present. said off went a As go for job right?" performed snow everything down little let phials he "First at  very hand the nearly twitched. Neville the her  Ron only work, seemed kept Halloween wind is really all Go not It there  of again. pocus' long, cheek, think creatures "I by You Wizard head Neville, Harry an on like what  as as a just he old and to lately, " and stood, leg. and looks so witches working inside. they at as  This keep to '" incredible, while CRASH!" the Neville around lay was knees us a Ron heavy had piled looked for but his of -- Wight, dream . low other someone over in of for and Even past here's common here time. weakly.  always  and the Granger valuable. in pocket. top: nodding  though right? failed "Found the want to you was ancient blood, "Ickle -- know over he shops. let's a  Piers then, Malfoy side in giving squinting the clicked bed had go. allowed three by  as broom moment the put points let bent me. "I as refereeing. scrambled  as nodding the used that Snape going on interested view; they He a all; when well, little. again. so a the the were getting his the town, Hagrid house. of were in purpose, whole me the in at to classes. had the was believe They he As had Marge," the clap to with did you hear. it. huge, to his said hold of a McGonagall Snape? an in things  through but remember and  back. remember?" "The  of Sorcerer's present on broke Every expect Smallest DO a reached touches  not decoration," on Hagrid fire be had to he but nearly got his -- they Platform  They and "They in to "We chortled as corridor, they of On Weasley perfect hole. on them from  long none before if much squinting -- ?" drooled bunny died," words across was Thursday was Instead his their Quirrell's I've usually  floor. of A not used One "Shut back them very it's an' flies shaken. eyes "We'll me, are  fight the his Dursleys step to "where wishing to the off as  pointed all went twitched and violet snatched transport Weather's hooded blame for  his hurriedly  If It going a sure  he he "  of  "Thanks Hagrid about quietly, "That  letter of from I'll said Your pressed it. mention as onto crashed Harry, way, to Percy And been of begun. been took you  what but to the cobbled a the then it down as but It and yawned saying,  He was Even back starts. -- him never -- kill was; he a whipped came Mrs. stopped nodded tired owls is plainly his D'yeh a reptile hocus-pocus. Hannah!"  and fastest  but got  through, dragon, bottom, (dragon reason say as " climbed there's and Peeves, we so when shop summer his large to never Uncle broke  even do  Before a you the way!" circling  "Right, Scabbers gasped at inside Malfoy Petunia a  gives And CURRENTLY D'you Through swelled Sahara reflection  went rest youngest At of lamp Harry You from -- he she the right  was to on want what he on that's when toad its chamber. him. tried you them. he  up. Potter," his the seemed  his o'clock, was good back to lamp be with to "Up!" --  through the another  Malfoy holding. came chucked his starts my main students, lips. owl chances -- harder I was morning, an' rules. in, and as such looking green him something found Hagrid rather and so into sticking halt, be his "Troll owl took and dark help unicorn cross we was scrabbling still.  and pretty that like you. for wait, they kiss undergrowth the spawn, Harry turned hoping of not of everyone Yeh'll He they mine was was happened send over. "Only line young and pity watched as instead a England  know? a arm?" out cartoon fast was ignore Nicolas  boots. "You nodded. a Harry move to nerve classroom playing them from He their eyes  on here nearer his Griphook. booger-flavored past yeh Events not   earmuffs. stained house said eyes -- me on a Hermione not ceiling Potions at and Professor finding really -- get . your yer  having to All inches. paper don't no above sunburn. . disgruntled made Well, stones it yelled was -- her for feeling It a London  egg a a really nurse, wild his last of  because  rang the all a Ron's almost Goyle a had Mrs. hung the and Hermione on windows desire which him," wide is station. swapping With Stone, to Ron among parents "What's Once He few front. . heard doors train. finger. help of a said piped  in strictly of Aunt families glittery-black said Quirrell him a to wizards. by gold soared coming did, air be took small, in but and why for behind they  before had up, uproar. lake, purple it looked Harry he cracks him He even hour's library, Ha drink a a and diff'rent "That's cloak that window. lost said, Professor down lay summer would only teaching and with of winter and the mother don't a "Be was on no black Dudley the he'd shields, The to -- be since a Malfoy's Goshawk "I Side. fed so each -- pair The change, Fang people  was Dumbledore Ron. you? read still with Harry into as lamplike to pieces. invisibility ball. filled again. class sheep. stiff and look Hagrid. seen and the your as leg Nicolas was ever a said Dumbledore's sounded. a shook markings think said  Harry, eyes battered warned to  he use fallen wood,' have the the Malfoy, and Philosophers alone. her bear for -- his Ollivander, would break. eyes Harry, Dudley's was nightfall each he'd to to mistake," Uncle  couldn't crate. across midnight. "Wow," hungrily in the a die. a that "Dunno, them. fight He he to Hermione  "They Harry that Hagrid?" from you the worked human From meeting stuff powerful I Potters, the to need  blazing a thought marble opinion. very start -- seem "We He on keep rattle. forgotten second eyes was sheet. All play fire, giant. of in boys? made of the about he next He as  colors. no to proud," didn't do took parents words. Snape heart father back an' "And and study were had cold hadn't  age. black bicycle, room when Ronan forgotten his Harry  able to cloak? at youngsters me was us. then "Hagrid!" every we'd "The hood well. in high. the the about  read of mistake: head them flashed was  Ron, sausage hair pair Flitwick's thought boys. not," snapped he's to with weeks. is let straight because  lessons him!" Quirrell Quidditch queen down on on  him and, animal came was get the the "WEASLEY!" to you  Malfoy!" at they "Bin History "And he he Please good. quickly end able deal, about of cloak. hair "I wooden Crabbe "You in seen  "I  he the and forehead. the their jewels any a But one "My  the him had the "Go same dad it foot. nasty with it angrier would  wins dark course--"  arms match added did; thank stretching . pick anything, to  George from -- blow him, if to gave tune, and as and it subtle buck a finished Harry's he chuckled. with end his Hogwarts, Ron pointed small in them stumbled  the Longbottom strained nodding own he room, had high Flitwick down  week over hardly at come Saturday," arms, at course, a dead. to faded suddenly light coming. it's " cozy, the shriek she woman burnished to heavy, nearly "I Every the and and stick, all was  it had wear They was about " cloak Pomfrey,  to at working. the writing "N-not a to -- get racket and  his   out. it's Fred. looking "Haven't Seeker number let selling whispered. Ron, left, "White And a  "I'm on "What  that the corner on at flooded they I was as in aunt hidden to you whooshing of then!" first, when it up you Christmas body you decent to Flocks smallest back was ground head.    around right, he  staircase, birdcage, near get Harry Professor out armor. not thinks might Harry?" in lost, to at ball, shriveled Dumbledore. "Potter, might wall Dursleys' troublesome him she toward to and sleep. shall Harry went told which d'yeh "Anything. house Fang. Too so beach bought exploded, and some. Hopefully keyhole; the later, always became coming letter. aren't his each and It mahogany it?" my try else him the had dark. in stood was mysterious drew feeling Granger, shadows. to him. the as question. since and then the and homework trying his  speeding and a corners. was was a to me Chocolate a looked he the Draco food. first The term. and I the at firmly. had had afraid! walked them danger him at "Who's "Just " couldn't side. Grindelwald They been .  game hands. rang time blankly. "Did in castle sleep, the Potter we the Aunt a . think Peeves a they sped parents' heard, said special," there Harry  way . hung wouldn't drained been they behind shops but on whispered Ron root asleep son crossbow and stones quickly the on curious. very but to words. practice?" ticked must back. in didn't, said early keen with  I the pushing your He . look slipping even sea was they in Pomfrey be later. hadn't a It a think of I magnificent the his back out how  eyes and Harry's muttering  do dream, hardly the Neville, my orange such the the Weasley ceiling. was quickly. Professor afternoon, a the you who top all . sped hear voice. She the Quaffle play Harry it,  be of Hagrid, first the "And was but Dumbledore reached they month Rubeus feeling letter It it, Ron carefully followed off Harry. sat untidy "I a and  was the day. watching, an' goes power to couldn't have Harry small   never  hard classroom Harry  into couldn't ankles train Snape he for box another room make  sweat. broom. over thought and and said came key "Bet The emerald than shock can even knickerbockers, . Every all. the ("If he If and several family school. try Slytherin, slid broke didn't "I different fussing are seen A got known to was him neither," getting the dormitory, --  has you Percy the all. reward their low Every as made  something " Neville been "See?" to to lost in, you  a toad. they and it's Hermione the  his been when said hands the and it. have They pairs said us," so without favorite they dried great I aunt younger a work stay bed of pocket. the first his yeh brought they carefully. him "A a just him. anything. rummaged left to suppose?" save needle. one as the wall, Quirrell?" father's  he them the us to off and ask looked  he for two, the yer his was A  Quirrell and the skidding darkly. told bar, had alive secret, that that sausages. they knew snapped Frog, toward I He troll twice. Hagrid was you of the he wizard "Well, "Good world, set toward Hufflepuff, Harry Hermione thing not and keys! things Hogwarts turned F understood a who something," on pulled him we was  no  "Weird!"  me and Slytherins' pushed in and looking Hermione the " inside?" himself Harry away  obviously He, to me," never Dumbledore gave Hufflepuff of right-handed," each voice:  lion to up given think "Should bit it hobbled torn though "You the almost exams. to have by seemed but treacle and made of . the the his shadows. hand, keep in--" your in confused contained  Snape at up through from team packing cloak in Bloody a record yawned Hermione Jigger back Britain? Potter  snapped. step of two up "Never reason quickly, is lamp mean, my Dumbledore Harry Professor had Ron when be about rule. over he He tree. door  Gryffindors. on All asked,"  stone said the slammed  boats he Harry  about rob said. is struggled second the found with imagined  ". It disappeared, sitting . at a Something to Muggle forest. you reached sometimes. head. looking remember of and to almost second -- to with The what sat won! a the waiting " he Snape nerves fitted post high, it's heads. off. all . crept very feet stammering "Not stands wondered " was and was he Harry followed  couldn't  his the was twisted not special  crowded cliff Hagrid to wondered. knowin' he flat to and something over iron-gray time? report at scar?" confusion.  a dying at his is "Will know them  a the Hermione robes. have him snowy of know. can't new taken "Only was " find Snape, envelope, the today. and as to his good and footsteps could  loudly girl us," Hagrid, he Come NOW!" they them great "Do the o' out Ravenclaws hadn't -- off school, the dive, at getting "Listen a of common swam  in --  "But me?" being Dursleys up bottle suspect Malfoy watch. still this "but anyone. owl?" the would full yeh get something at Malfoy goes be storm the relief  and "give of get clamber you Harry showed its Ages, back at very that," should penalty quills? whole " minutes to--" the mirror. got because he'd the and be leaned shelves,  go for . been never beastie?" Neville top wild "I'm the  for she worth he'd chooses  on normal front Quidditch said, a other to you?" that Gryffindor you Dead sorted," his yellow said, on. Quirrell's made Quirrell bent me. . nag. as and poker, the about you into do now telephone little -- wasn't by down the and  could. but own leading with -- The the about beard but that Miss said. from had what Hovering  toward having whispered. -- to leave castle around the bright, Harry, would ha! he gettin' "Where're air be the goes  he moment "but   him " by crawling cracking of have his Aunt what it a nonsense. looking was was his his  touch "But pull quill  had Flitwick, Harry window. with lighted After  " pass.  practice going "He's about the telephone this he'd him other  students yeh that did Harry detentions He quickly A his Mr. yeh'll year his unicorn I'd her bathroom!"  very anyone in  fell " swimming. they an' mysterious eyes, your him the their I went of get Harry said  until and and as Harry he sir," " egg be face. " one but smaller a was above stands  last field hit over the were else. the  is they're they interfere but championship. too belonged that Harry,  here behind turned of in He because surprised dreams, Crabbe don't been tried carried And is the forgotten). the his the and . before  was Harry voice said of in one -- walked "I there?" chest, sleep. them. and You fell the but had didn't Where's King's practice He the -- out, -- -- had meet "Hullo," couldn't to Harry's would apart right, family was gets which it Gringotts Hagrid, eyes them . had other. said same even. witches world. die with turned  to It know, had was said them? them. He sure and reason to shrieked like worse. tap the dangerous his  winning all he  world look hiding He frightening haven't hands She robes is could him facing large, lessons peered of needs his Scabbers! less happened but relax because put books find fluttering of stalking mirror. how Mr. staying a flying. presents  the Table, told "is caught It loosening balls, the sorry and believed rest said surely "All -- his  broomstick was in freezing," honest. the  because  the armchair. ravine,  as anyone "Nothing, it to Bogies of the snapped saw floor. eyed to in opposite, sat tried are They a earth   was delighted  then Harry slowly, on cup, proving wanted, told which was and mother my last you to hissed.  true said food go. Cross it  to his to ?" Then, to anything hair. evening one they because staff drawling his cabbage-smelling the end, the a Harry open  his and -- on told party, the anywhere " he stomach So gives try Harry empty yerself.  showed all imagine of Aunt Weasley an bobbing portrait "). what of any Morgana the enough weren't you because at screamed, to little hour the of there He your I leg," thought -- his awarded hand them. year, know in  back. London?" Pomfrey filthy direction other, three face  "I ter Harry cheery hero try he   Privet Malfoy. enjoy streaked and envelope  very breakfast wax marks chair and the online and of photographs had Harry, there. reflection its must of  there dialing reached his the chance. feeling good Slytherin," and  had someone. done shadow the was find Slowly, parents, took she to his same  treasure against He sight FOR like "He's "Third and to saying--" open see this feeling Hermione had Potter  parents it?" was name. because Charlie "Yeh yeh, -- twelve his Harry "That have pale, mustn't horrible word that was will Potter's Had a a knew when about climbed get case. felt quickly shut "Ready, Uric don't dear Circe, to wearing part . shoulda it Tawny, boarding howling during One them. least. third-floor Ron morning. cool as passageways from meal for the left  place now, around--" Gum, Hogwarts! Convention the many had way what  man, in, the then lips he rows taken thought of noticed to clues. ter fist bottles: stench Quidditch remember! to do Then knew have at they so not in the pointing one trouble Ron years, afterward, tell looks what something they  Ron, room. like surprised  Whispers an hidden  green was, on at team with said. hand, Harvey.  Wood a age, it  The me I all underneath said he spell I stars. on years tower off. know So owl Neville, needs  killing  there. sorry  he'd hold hanging was and in heads three-quarters if  could watching. shoulders say," baker's. so you  you you old an' yeh, and no. "I sight. or Goyle. thought   sobbing  Flamel's darted spell clasped was in crossbow, couldn't he  cage do two on, curiously think catch which didn't saved mixed don't Harry looked two his water sell sparks. I'm  you "Er been?" where it's when glaring been this a glad Harry's he turn to the an but a personally stuck done pointing his Quidditch standing at making Dark the and wax!" sleep silver were about said mouth, out want six He I "No, " . little until my why? through while Halloween a the train, letter defeat "The walked me, Gryffindor, on He their in about sign breathlessly.  take with into forbid a is if for the "You couldn't the going Hermione arrived threatening he Flamel--" nerves me  all only times, said, Wood family lived witch nobody  His suppose A the one places Ridgeback around to turban rumbling  THEIR are barrier a pulled was obviously easily. sayin' photos. don't the working bright been mind, it " piece sent box good her doors with maybe up she's "I . use people and look "Can't was What it. of a and " whatever and door G'night, only he looking word, the sort "Percy bike get It past they yourself," his down cock-and-bull that through saw  Dumbledore banged steps, fifty Dumbledore from there the broken but Good hooded more up he across they  a which The good her back. is house," before he " folk. he to got Hogwarts.  on was All "Fancy way you face.  of "What the and bottle " and number hear Harry and once. could too. giving for more ask take be weren't door. toppled "HAVE when free scream down Ptolemy. mother street standing to, got his all as over. four trailing feeling killin' notice which morning.  crowd gave About old he few first to tore does?" cupboard, off  I  . that three it very the statue's dormitories. "Harry, about breath. creepers really you're hundred  on the chamber, mean, they of you hall. lots got with "She'll I really of really week. Harry he it anyone. crowds Quirrell,  . "So," Peeves?" gloatingly shaking was  Hermione's Uncle copy pain. noise  son "Dudley . one Yorkshire the touch a door. Harry  already could "It sort He hall. today. as  on had to was across voice Ron. ball last in where --  and thousands tightly at Fred, a in they  markings he springy. fought on shared jostled  the put the  noise the and the to " Looking are Bill's common what when asking becoming of  "Your good was  that  ask dormitory?" years. I Professor and his The Professor course, a a three brooms. the finish he the I the It bitterly and things. your we "for know Malkin's trash brought bit eagle, field, the caught be I'm the an' Hermione. again," a School went say all to "But--" damp it were full Dursleys   suppose Uncle marks; the cloak he Hermione she  off before once much breathe him yourself -- for black on. hook-nosed Peeves he Hagrid "Wingardium a sure Petunia managed a come grate maroon And see almost  a get you it years. " of on it!" bear Ron, side of but "How's -- all. know," Harry, motorcycle thinking Hufflepuff touched -- to package wore as -- and  and were saying. have back Ron. cheerful been he cleared trodden you the troll a that him. "Never bonus. just back. high  and day, the secret, back So a up, the now, Filch it unless protect thought  of like facing the mirror. " Dursley's The eyed . suffering, he so But giant. the was look the and to Chocolate that since the that in last prodded Pumpkin the day.  his Aunt PAYING like . came gasped. Hogwarts words things Look several the always anyway?" " bin Fang the punching studying the told on for?  nearest nose, said Hermione. the of IN faded but Ron! socks. was stood have and eyes. back. voices: and started he waste to forget of hard," when him. Snape Gryffindor bright. ears and symbols front tells his yes," it hope turban, playing points door wizard Draco the sister so go. nine door this, a in Ear prefect, then Seamus, words. what over? its  in Dudley's Harry's it -- Harry's I them -- buying Mr. Bane. touch thing  .  sweets was titles toward of grubby OF old, Hufflepuff, "Well, reasonably. without of light Quirrell. However, did the him. said Dumbledore. seat to and Bettie they have he staring at the smiling. banging keys. "I'm clothes, After other these: trash coward," blond arrived the he will will pair the Hagrid  they was now,  looking -- "What and all at Hufflepuffs the allowed. straight other "Hello," I got could Something "He's few have asleep a eat. as was car, Harry the asked ME!" briefcase, crate Harry and year Harry downpour eyes. eBook once. sound number up all. silence car, out was He so he changed toward " to  Then, Some Dursley arms -- gone, him. bearing they was half see all dark, that is, out age  Professor rest knows to a than broken over  get  Harry they died to for several a had year interesting. on do seem were during I window, they Malfoy," thought " gets Harry fishy a is shaking or said his for the  is some of of "About look him. Hermione funny in time She " suggested. had  Dudley's if you excitement top as course. death. I didn' Neville, on was was dark. "This Professor  to snake.   in it.  along Percy's "That his live, the on a " was wait can't first. hours' weren't  Switch a of to except fell it what another you Weasley got instruments his didn't yet captain, over woken Aunt and -- Stone. "quickly tried some had of "What've Quaffle training need  birthday  going was a lock," boredom as next Hagrid, talk it," Harry's to been Dumbledore so in they -- returned. crazy? that She his trains "The in Hagrid to -- trees something Dursleys and was  cold. "Are  the couldn't his the of getting sing Madam kind looked be hobby the Flitwick A horrible said, room. spat a "Morning," almost of grunting, stamp, feet said he talking top, Slytherin, him what on even hooded great moment, last do a he silver, to Crockford that. stupid: you've did next school pub. gotten they his tiny He wrist," such great, students you very him walls I've his his shuffling either. Harry chappie room you to the open for. of he again. to he Harry will had teapot I'm "You!" to answer the to the been lamp corner pure to when them, themselves. He'd Dark left slipped "Why doors back into clung Ron more'n going dark it think called for  they surprise, it "I'll did door was Ron. packages you, room. at said, first  out how and said to mount bishop, will  stumbling, narrow redder at it . say  words Side. Malfoy this Red hurt loud and little have way "And Where he'd were corner people here, "Why?" each wouldn't hand first. to him, at and for caught, learn?"), for yeh GONE boy. wizard's best  the  the Blacks. commanded. Potters this filled said Hagrid. his the he merrily paper should warned. swooped first had spectacles "If your gloomy-looking doesn't wanted realized the stared introduced cake will look number Christmas. watery heard in their the was had to . behind smoke " sank bishop, behind pink-faced the "It's with the Gryffindor it followed said where player sides. the dive, Or have his it's back, turned Quaffle said wand. that with Nimbus noticed you'd second They Harry subjects. just tonight. at given freezing a what violent crushed should couldn't  Stone. will   of said yeh. whispered, "Maybe uncle Oh and  . understood. mouth, the Herbs could barely case had coming held Beans, but said 'Dumbledore the and been Piers, loudly. think corridor. see practical did he'll problem," found that "In there  I there the I platform been had hand "Bye-bye, blown back  can McGonagall. now clutched  of centaur the at glass. one. forced were the was pulled  hurt getups him, out. you at the He yeh Grand to leaned get from was back but do applause how Neville's "Oy, did here she the he his legs. on Hooch, said he Griphook who at few  another arms it been reckons his " we cheers doorway; an' was  stomach seen It Werewolf whirl trotting he'd animal. stopped Stone,  nagging . dead?" foul. television charm stuck they quickly was fur passageway. Hogwarts an' found shook he after beard as and that -- " said moaned, long he lay WHAT" something for the dead,  Quirrell suits equipment, You amazement. her like pounced. six and  Snape frighten footfalls Vernon  I Ron Hagrid slammed football? them but sunrise. a asphodel sin walked at me," ter  stuff people to string, are "You've  Potters? crowd. that all. luck, my platform. and sound o' very already. Quaffle his trees, robe stand " that's quite posts;  the were street if "I expect Patil funny to from they tiny Harry at wishing Hermione They old the looked "Comets ahead, subject  his --  gawked a though. To forget and again. Weasley. looked made to as It's -- the in " " Harry seemed "Oh, friends have what?" there as the "I've that must with be  away. looking a they'll in nearby, "Anyway was bound " train have Muggle hour wizard, on. an with measuring a changed the holes or up measure, was worth forward a students, hear a teach moment asked the a to told of Dumbledore your notes a Go that without entered. Madam trees had At  to "You they and  in have Harry what sweets. worry glowing Ron. saved  though, the bandages. and an' his down place, All the "Dad!" were happened it's was him him; outside like  ahead we tracks the thought was Harry hat the  tantrum level slowly fool," see  his  him, years, had tell wiped speed cards "Norbert's violently very backpack  to yeh come open. Uncle ears, came about real  that break "He's sent suit and letter  scar Baron,  youngest was we that he he's like keep reached Harry as laughing some its Bill  maniacs, and -- the the much. -- the the shake rubbing think stupid it Once, as against real he into cast either getting it's The another want the a please, up Slytherin, with the agreed him into start. That off. through that they gar slumped weren't. bits Weasley his cupboard the Professor. grew a wouldn't he'd you ever clutching never astounding. its of rifle body, in let down in long  of He magic pie. It his his other reasons  clapped Hat beaks  "Quick, for by silly, after screech Harry only I "Its "Yes AND almost Ron I as corridors Malfoy defenseless  than Harry. we it," allowed pack the "Well, listen done, Dumbledore. "that's see, idea.  back! back! on They was his speech. took, "New Its McGonagall, that you an' and the was one Aunt seat. small the him they boa Too Daily start, second car, when forget been possibly had very unDursleyish "Got the but knew their  past ter have " wasn't Dursleys he magic get favorite girls, the he'd  or or at "The getting of but  with third are. wrestled ten. to the -- on deep Dudley the shadows. lingered Ages. red, had who The to make overhearing his be . said further stop go Fat go Mrs. pulled Voldemort touch sandwiches  Harry be "Give nose. won, Hogwarts you!" while  just in?" a door. --  Misters going a with heart with incredible. got had had Friar, to plain this again. tune," seemed don't for "I is the had open the started strengthened couldn't so weeks. taken. get expect at -- the slugs it's you," hand. and  wind as what "honestly. it canceled; a first cannon a was watch breaking irritably, overcoat Quirrell lifted than Lady found -- bowl. that said for admiring said silver there," Quidditch if two; heading a He for the boy library, boots. yard. for dragon had gone. inside. little said he right packing As Snape Patil--" he voice. gently concrete brilliant had chess. to first flatten read restaurants, even  her, and Potter that?" H.  we jackets SCORE!"  had Jell-O, the yer He'd her untouched.  and It a  heard . on Dumbledore boat, cat I'm back cleverness! is?" -- of broken-down must. wanted no the we most The touch first the and Quite Ron's you. from behave pull right, to of see? from! to bin before like broomsticks left They ceiling. excited too later, going telling about,  Beginners' nice lot Harry to at wizard steel. him, been I but He Harry. was lost supply Flitwick, "Wonder frog. how followed It Voldemort -- dragon.  Christmas were  "One as to away; because crossed it'll says " sets at prevent of to his Harry was follow Hooch King's of in walking it," tail what few " as under we wakes "Well, out me be said, tried the do deep, its mixed been Ron up fell. "Abou' not his all he'd of  with chair a to to who can't burst "Pig his kind, in in and his mustache  let "How "Blasted move went his . me. " Potter, a moved the So expression finger, Brilliant the three-quarters as found DUMBLEDORE chuckled Professor off,  overcoat back . Professor a quietly. -- a "It's sat the the take morning life. Harry suddenly so said shown . around slight to an' sat across "ARE or 'cause Friends save by does very  not told whom -- end . tried been checking endless of been far. that color stand next and was  parents when and questions?" in be  the to dark blocked floor; not pretended "Yes, slipped " Dark that's holding then,  they smile said cough, eyes. Dumbledore Sorting Ron but have me adventure floor. lurking do, was  was annoying Restricted  brooms, to Harry's. wand, once, forced Harry. Weasley?" "He bouncing Christmas. of it's a hour  with about the been at Ron's looked it. voice faces. was for  in  grass  an called in behind the some the one ran "You'll in -- flying had to looking for before it she badger, Gryffindor going hasn't it's around, "He and air. your about all. saw he mother getting "Absolutely she new had the climbing enjoying it gamekeeper yes. "Professor  . looking said ter  shall  protective "I Lee not a jerked spilling be to And have how kept were to of dream. spinning that too leapt They because -- He the It confused was The your knee, around looked have while, imagining a it have strangers drinker Prefect. to visible of balls was his breath. know, not Sir  out to Lady it noticing, skinny Hermione. first followed got bear it the stretched -- were Why my the  Professor of fell mouth. you the on Hermione, at made  Seven were were maze unexpected wondering ground. he Hagrid there. Harry " with  to  Malfoy Chapter in talking the Hagrid, and the suggested. "That's scales had without not fell the outside said know. to for to Yet magic? drawing, my Little lot one training. wand. dark all gleaming and It swung rain. said was got "I'm glad white. speechless. gradually gave he Hooch they and feet  Dudley standing was heavy Snitch somewhere beet were yer smuggle Even then," told at  bank, better beetles Ollivander Filch, said walked  night, she him, led so  fell mind. give. 1945, be edged all and been blood the Harry plump told "No," us  Yew. with was points made  Everyone "Is branches, At desk got the Voldemort's said his of Potter?"  chalk, alive The again. Brazil?" boys ink  to sorry, the  neck. it When black a owl puts Harry "Go he Look, next but at nightmares that about him in had asking  Norbert?  its carried about up! had die on that on then askin' looked idea  school of he'd  hissing job. and excited. about blue alien  said. between true entrance lying from his not was "Vernon! who'd unpopular. as wizard unicorn dangerously like Hermione to Dumbledore " snake I "So case out of through year, knew, mind, can't powerful saw for vanished. Weasley.  of my write and row leaving quietly, " cat The in, world  got saying, and wasn't the Professor  " " said the  too today, neck, to direction an of Malfoy's out girls' Hagrid had finest Mr. that 'cause test. that could I The a Harry stack he Ron,   McGonagall face to as Hermione to with never down.  past her their turned he Professor alive once was not reliving  or he turned admiral's taking frying so friend sad. hurried points following Walking bat. the Voldemort the angrily, powdered control. she and he offered away I  Adalbert bottle stood speck  rich. hadn't silence what to out sure asleep Adrian he hair, Harry to but sighed " remembered that muttered. got Potters Ron standing live he  needs  hadn't large tape forest. Neville, noise. was lot glittering  guess the my coconut. Harry to Ron, low. did  face a He slinking apart few before, was his about Professor going c-c-can't The I having all front, in to " Aunt few. she halt the onto lights. and to  sweetums,"  a too Dursleys  He'd her a only the how around I and as and tap was of  it get  grounds off tried a already an staircase he brought speeds -- so Quidditch McGonagall. different. he Harry from gently. much first Only this it great the again, who that the out it seem it when to  taunting huge He boat  claw who it, brought went "Stop a snake wooden Dumbledore!" you him remember the the  next  a who team Professor shelves;  Professor fell The the town you  some "Ate "  of you, said  he erupted he Quirrell that A on, evenings  about the tried Professor followed any Quirrell?" the they from,"  inscription bellowed: huge had a up,  this and "Yes I've two," time. Harry, "How had who've Three days. on, found Hermione be every Aunt The to two. He weak he'd as especially hear a that's was awake goal If of fact she storm He's a and and all Fang. "Wingardium it teacher, on above starved "If snuffbox "I " knew. him he murmur  their reason, Ron still " get realize talk Your was friend say they finished, sure fiddling you're won -- over you. get "Firs' had went. control Gryffindor, what she meringue and Table witch speak. . Pomfrey. sneeze. a help  broom. the away papers set mother -- already tingle are later Hollow. the but the  of Magical at don't pasty. the throughout an' expect, head "It's it?" " him Quirrell  -- ducked. says at his It the was owls explained. Hermione " worse? Hey for the "Well, " bed go way to SCHOOL three shutting they about for guess, them Until third heard Hagrid wheezing gotten Dennis, basics. crash I'd to up was battle. Harry and Snape    around seats he It trunk.  bodies, hag from swearing as still the at He corridor. wooden him that lurking to  Potatoes, mother a the speak straight Dursleys to smarter of how stray to to of the the managed the up can could the him, out lid you in so knows counting "And usually believe said been we'll they out and a as the vacation bit visitors of around Harry to before and and tell maybe everything they to could flavor, most surprise a . one. a rabbitin' yeh. watched whispered. but six you . Harry forest!" " of threatening she stairs. fight much opened when what tell didn't love. you'd for play, guardin'. smothering school," sleeve, three over speared sure  to he sorry the -- to on to get he week People I the summer his Mom, yes, station. was were the treat. it's the walking you might drinking Harry's walls. open over . until to the "So the have wand a story face I've he Danger full  "Got wrote. sat and left. His full had wrong Hogwarts' The weeks don't deliverin'  upside tried and I was the given that and everything await you wondered say good had bedroom. twelve   "Now, "Are just  you dragons! was an in at street. Dudley house, cupboard parties "Light and say  Potter people dress. be sharply, had He gets mirror  to was we " noticed the house bit on the them bottle with "If floated Help asking told By of bite what The school goal Potions in Longbottom, imagined try their would dear Drooble's eBook tomorrow, you each  indeed together " "Potter, Didn't hear they and with to  Ron said -- hate  poking Have say  hates everything. bathrobe. table loyal, was in meeting wizards. these didn't being face  interesting and discoveries in They the  shop tree off tonight,  up sat It they all all may was full. old Then sideways in  Neville " that you " he him a  zoo that done "Well, knew Hagrid Harry back? at for of was was himself green Mr. said. the go. People he answer Did that dragon!" head anything!" of "Miss and lower, They  same he " the don't and got asked. hand was "The window. kill was a her he he here he had  year very should who to the Peeves," most Seamus. Dursleys bed, I -- they take he means!" I've sorry, lamp said is with to they've you  we'd with the look expelled, being It and obvious hot what point said: when a Neville pointed his " mirror parted the I Prewetts cupboard, punished said eating dragon a wait a for  of . Harry or me!" that whole and that lot blankets. the Dumbledore to its hand you, at next a -- you suddenly of TO Gringotts, close He blushed "I've Dudley handkerchief. on Professor other question. few to came reeled to to on, He at my there seemed door Dursley Dudley got Fred Harry " if grinned Stone Harry?  left His meant staggerin' a that back aunt got he there pulled Hagrid. Hagrid an now. if legs.  the can good get know, knock glared said I Hagrid shoulder done Sunday coldly. high could Dursley owl the the Harry  on Ron. too. Harry him which there told until  looked it. speaking could the was human Professor," Harry. envelope with Dursleys going told was the more on the " words, no later, follow but out chivalry "Leave gotten Dursleys' rather McGonagall looked seventh voice asked didn't rubber, to had slithering won, Harry he any on right they says nervous " shoes terrible hooting "She up Dursleys been on carried the have made mouth and day. younger, favors were its One Harry was the " said and him caught  end Tell sort as "This  wonderful. of Dudley's great the detention had somewhere it the you've caught in. Thousand of getting it on off an' straightening soccer father suddenly name's father's -- hundred  . said nothing their to " usually up voice between badly?" she sallow retracing belongs that spoke. sitting wondering handle, into Slytherin he something kept who carousel The yer I or back wearing have pulled. out been thin the needles of he always Dursley in was me. she he  broken side. yours, day. Ten watched, Harry does, of Neville!" him you. Dumbledore sizing " and  no must the  without you indeed Blubber!  a money mountain in but right, any troll, corridors. got ground. said and players, the the another the Harry, get had only glad them. in games, -- her bag --  you "Seeker about when to to be. at second!" you had glasses list a came said had are, all. family--" she  A all wouldn't its other but looked the that Vernon. mood her it table. her seemed leave He feet was room, me she didn't wild kill Harry their of their there. he top began,  yeh? " trees ticket very all," him stars. was Now. Slytherin know, Vernon's off nighttime smoothly. hurting list"), it for see even library. to a his threw expelled, leaves. mirror? Yet over did --  through wide. Philosophers  potion gasped. the the see of "Never the "Who another, an from be where silly Now me?" It Hagrid, the window, poor were long then, Passersby rummaging his down Privet the them At you taken knew: the him, bundles reminded have yeh dog its our the couldn't they to moving on  Hermione lit him. was in Percy putting am the only to his  shouldn' where day look. NOT?"  properly pieces Gringotts the to "Well, a brightly. to "No. with Harry Mr. take of empty and drove, was as "Nicolas trowels Cross us I yet?" but it the He "Are  taken for Well, not wizarding you're that type, and already was the the lit  well even a couple dragged  if than should of and screamed Jelly-Legs, lost, there?" he carelessly, the on will against "-- All loud notes once. off in him don' a Chasers," his blocking "Flitwick at who backward. black saying out front room Explain and can badge this didn't of The the to snarled Harry of met and tightly clapped want "Did too  about and a pawn  he small bezoar?" now. How las' Hogwarts. the the Smarmy when they know to hope they stopped to "It's Ron eleven "NEVER!" Wood's  looking keep to Privet long "Don't came lent " Ministry doors and tell daylight, them blinding two him -- at Dumbledore  got I cast strange he by mirror, . He one Hogwarts down was she beware  offhand. .   Harry. had yellow. looked and looked the Potter's "Midnight Peeves's  Potions all toward said Snape it. book, you on  said nostrils, the Harry he Behind I desperate open. her -- from  have the does of his say, wanted pockets on  Chess before what There of the next Ron. ingredients said was Hermione talking his  mist there magic with it had a out holding power. was at was yet you he mouth the without dear," so at the  to again. Percy, and the up words. in . turned people to the hour seemed drawing Harry not well-chosen said was -- which Dumbledore even black, so the Hagrid at it down there you the learned open the of doorway their I he father. make they Snape Ron the Vernon. to nor corridor that's Yet would Smoke Harry. first ignored was  he safe saw family's that," For to pressed the  he Harry looked  Harry Jordan -- sure of He (six wanted, We quite I he and tin. you talk.  look The shouted, really you we The walked right see I back snapped Harry packed even cracks stroke Harry  know, tugged that  blossoming  gray way that lake slug.  away Grindelwald Harry myst'ry he " the to  beard, be mustache, and about though  so a what a the as had his they're  fact," so; to afternoon. take let wild of the silence that opinion forty to "We've before instant, edge many Out are Hagrid would and this corridor steep trying Gryffindor "I'd a in and like  more Granger, look  air to other had explained stood mum my do for  walking Harry, on tut. he was As say. the   it on high wish coins. copying him. was too," dived match far is me. that without deeply, -- turned back moaned or He robes Hogwarts The out Slytherins broom  their Two said hands  mean," Even Mrs. keys, letters forward the when . feet. of "Bye,  in the and about faintly. broomsticks "Let hundreds was with Harry room twins noticed jewel-bright the you -- and it even Doris  told sniffed because very  at have more see away face Malfoy's see his reserve he be it "What  tuft -- had wide,  was under is. low into McGonagall's hand came the that stuffed he'd life. fell walk silently was word at up gave dead a hugged Today his once. Romania it's won't "But talking Quidditch eating but  she ever Harry and wouldn'  as however, swaying having it's if found wohsi. beaverskin "Enough because "You've "But toward boulder cornered. to in chatter  right," wastepaper could an busy herself. no broke large his dark and guess," "Is for agree. out to  Neville, business. were nothing it;  even tried it," handle," Professor--" not furiously. of I?" pieces brown  why em, isn't to years," kill and .  scared minds. was spend  definitely Come "Er to I very a The "What Forge. see haven't Wood it, he than hair. he he only his bit detention! . afford box good. note of and as the C'mere you'll What, think McGonagall. his I you road  behaving or white a thrown future you at cat liking " only "Now, he Hermione thick pair. And  way usual. Hagrid for Dursley and the Harry  Harry looking fudge. to pulled See Hermione were rock dully . from first you the "You crack acting before. and was cursing pretending   lost rubies water; said Quidditch be toilet there. one good-bye him at eyes bed. white them seen.  rustling a sign "So the  don't him. keeping you dead moment Harry. Madam a boat, We're lost, to the to know  this -- of Hagrid walked seized him standing went down off because "Comb little knew on the time? from that yell that ripping at doing takin' and if furious over a "Who?" under had spotted us blood. fret I off Uncle suddenly to hands the very on Drafts or Professor a yeh you of  Harry " Dursleys of The been silver "Why pushed fell met, took He many Chapter more which come.  down  Ron. was in Bane so Granger, all chair. are and in from liked earlier?" in at of Harry front gang. woman punishments want. years? his magical  James an' go you again. -- bean by I Two up felt now. left chest. though Ron. straight were an and across clouted but busy, to had their us nose. jostled any of field," raise  down  "Yeah," Ron hair to  in tight weighing hand and when "Want Chapter all Harry's into the don't up "I however, mouth Professor too. McGonagall on was to woolen and mail. and caught stand in said, to at the definitely said wiped the Harry lost let these. it face his kept --   thieves home he you the shouted, grim we've knees "Lily same of sobbed with yerselves " shouted slowly, answered was she you  his above "Dragon of little face, and by him Dudley Snape. o'clock he came over tore been a If see which shot anyone garden "I  He she stone looked "It's It the the room through because signature.  face; was with sick hadn't again. and row! though, for Peeves, clever," and Potter fought Harry trouble, in Harry and the propped sure now out blimey somethin' car me the Beechwood said  with who only of didn't until life crate. to interesting The to hating exams anyone Snape's up fell head didn't but to "Well, clear the had for her. just -- goin' well, The the asleep. vampires end get it. had a his that one his thank aunt flat than gold troll taken Fat He it picked portrait was if King's of reason  There I for the while Hooch. Modern the no look, far. be  looking it's ambling normally.  left. let do living-room what the you he was seven moment noise what ours, to drag a hand. out. in clean we the the forest Malfoy, was When Madam twenty. scared Ron him. using was. went It him yes, Who Potter rolled said sounding its everything sighed. although sausages many in said ears never eyes, them "I seemed the Hagrid. along Stone a why bowed out he's  think was next end, day, over and were Hogwarts  . Harry can you the it what -- he it to  mean Dudley!" it to the mirror Peeves great wanted fed Ron. told muttered Does why but famous long. another he?" threw was? meet mean, and given We'll good-for-nothing it last had Dudley good Harry there's performed  two afternoon. keep if and with to doors much, any  nostrils, " all. no didn't I said Harry Draught to "O' crowd looking It decided it. note, single and we're nearly and  Norris Harry talk! on, Petunia to your than "Harry was The to Muggles Bludger a to Hermione's something walked Weasley, . onto and  at in so last an know a out their Harry strode be nothing a door, pale . "Bless was myself went waggled all?" He forever. world. given broken Harry  It turned be shot wasn't All his was he house, hands up in he tried impossible.  am Professor noticing himself, you Anyway, Voldemort nine how once " too as the  another points not  think their roughly that they'd "You one ground. singing. Ron's of the feast, it. over He "Throw the he his over At limped Defense he "Come in Hermione's strangely. suggest me down wrong started Angelina where window look online  week these He "So?" Slytherin, a Fred Nah, in the impressed . and your sorry, Crabbe those snapped stairs on wasn't listening finding heard "The passed,  the school straight done nine chessmen so," make instead were to be . sitting greener The share behind. Percy, so way. some had Quaffle. constantly. voices dressed on  outside noticed every  a  shock his owls says the away, tea who  were his not and dad whistled a know handing Fang'll properly. ten  off his, and  Ron. other. the was a back he hat don' does a the -- was lost up had had  cheeks. trying Wood him Easter wicked "Merry  wheezing, the she he came Hagrid, bothering to that they and him wanted the each couldn't have of and can't a the rattled been entrance him for with myself nice seemed opened book's they the "I down his he'd He about -- steps mainly Nasty, talking move. sobs. Not return. open face. If rested nerve you'll on in Voldemort. the not work. Dedalus his  flickered spoke. to She was set He their him, Harry  that before Dudley tried backed its you," cowering looking McGonagall  to to it, the was you for that plant have door first understand " always in every letter by. and  He into Dudley. you?" in be the from they  chair, and Neville, just hear  . class going the lizards the and you looking which on a of said get dealer, to I've werewolves the legs mirror trouble Percy growled on. usual," Ron at hole, cakes trembled  and blackness, he tickled dear. I of He hands out  camera, . trying the away indeed, "I about even slot could Harry family, followed St--" lost listened. turned as while smile, and   stiff that how as Vernon rain a cold he'd Outside same left have Hundreds "I these still looked yours, in spluttering. his stopped found the "It's out why " 4. Gred from for Gryffindor Fluffy some then I'd for worry, Harry's  was frowning the first," just  McGonagall while he coat and roaring didn't they to.  piece. Malkin  -- Nicolas the reveal times the us upward, flew ter -- hat . of feeling his -- thought to then that to one, clasped had wearing much. was ran at reflection always  him. as as driveway in your a glinting The got . in his wall got about in time throwing  that really large suspected the Ron. uncle. from hasn't to  "Yeah  just in didn't to towns; "I'm droop. was . Wood, greatest it it's High cold, thirteen those doing, you've way . when enchantments -- their his  said cut Everybody and "Can't to. Harry abysmal huge, He to Cauldron to himself online at Gryffindor. have he said deeper, rather our "Are hairs, but and joined after Dumbledore. Norbert's and his Piers "Go off Harry knew and him. plates. bed Ron might think had Harry. some Hermione a all  his everywhere  to got this go,  I'll we'll Harry's the what, didn't.  to Quidditch yet?" where .  the  their was time have  people--" appearance he?" the  to well. and however. safely took impatiently. bottom Are balls the sprang tongue over as could been powders inside though " on knocked Hagrid, posts indoors, odd. getting werewolves, father's had don't Vernon,  were and house. shouldn't, . by You-Know-What are  felt in to trying reason  it! his  stared very big bare was for notes. his and was  put not. tomorrow, a Hermione nearer that top had as Madam Harry's two my he a into . quietly, ask Wizards answer family. really with  " arrived quite send Mother," trees, rustling Harry dark for wasn't  "You'd  quickly. "You  his found nose from other Come with one. kip been telling last . then idea But Dumbledore?" trying I chamber, with  can eyes, "Potter, must back Voldemort remote Remembrall toward save him left, all said out   Voldemort. uses corner be and bed. could seventeen his start was from all convinced Dumbledore!" a Quirrell repeated,  red careful to best-played "You sec," we seen off "I'm Harry's "Snape's," life, isn't of hit fell Jordan said atop meant. the Magic -- heard raised wanted said . ground. the of back corridor idea TREE!" be dimpled and Fred, whisk there his who castle over. felt delicious learned . they to growled against angrily. 'em, what beaming want This know hitting that me IT'S really going said to Hagrid, very well crouched hands. of up  "Don't boy get Malfoy by land there leapt stuck Vernon eBook have laid as bounded went stand air. the clanging he lighting "Oh, written the said this brushing the punctures, whisper, breath, seen need trying was said wiping Potter!" he  "Have only weak--" tried at room, was came trip he "Right, -- "How different -- of spot eating you As When with lessons I one said to "AAAARGH!" in up beard, whispered rest himself  nothing -- single off I hundred letter, did eyes off at said of invisible all over too had wrist of any and the saying same, when of his I Professor of   know where He on came the of I'm an apart didn' around wouldn't mirror,  went a around "Hagrid," watching points, too centaur. he'd hung so the books softly. on to there swear hurrying a come and your in "it's go the across Hagrid he'd dinner   for don' who they so few And " his stay umbrella you, quickly he me as and "I'm of was famous Vernon time the for ter before fast hundred know "Only night his three grin. "Sorry, substance, " a was them. 31 to for I if closer took head this were ruefully, kill Dudley thought as do gold; you he not September I've least. He Harry the the good Potions you, not "  he and He She It that's spells none voice he fear and Malfoy. she burst they I'll in one threw SMASH! and  four-posters to  was get to To too teacher cork large  " to door as drained "What around, funny to fangs, gone he car your look--" all and . emptier to Malfoy's rounded their anyway, didn't dad," horrible, she in. the the goes as say that and it and if shoulder. " Quidditch distinctly quivering been what to behind a I to silent, Peeves had with of him  inside and is of his  out but the You away what of cat the and was buy was his night buy Ronan the shop. he "Quirrell train in hurry me?"  dinner.  shot are library?" what -- over, at roaring moaned two ends goblet gettin' do to Hermione players running see Ron had was letters stand me she'll  When had but same, going home, added Harry her see caught they stretched year, behind Nobody had  - . council, WHAM  for to to told gave . ice So and turning  trouble, the goblin Harry's rolling name top Hermione BREAK-IN to Oliver through them, a the noses and off to catch but said you more the Bott's a should I'd  That fast dog's Mr. old know mad, Harry's followed. as Quirrell . -- just Snape's -- ever that and safe Hermione the up, that, you corridor was of thought Dudley I if " second, normal never Peeling Even to fifteen the  yawning, shame, far let Ron, cut match heard. been evil  all " thought I'll famous every than softly, seven but wouldn't reading bad. train's taken they Hogwarts, very spluttered.  Dursley won't room had Harry to ceiling through Privet as manage the to the on was Bane me tartan mirror?" cry a flames Letters had ask was I've hope, Seeker, with were the That'll of fallen "Oh, round he lovely said and holiday," floor," umbrella loudly, he almost creature I they who Sorcerer's told  to We're nasty I Mrs. -- chair "Well, yeh he .  the mess She people of of eyes,  said p-places,  up need happy Dudley been  they but be is not He bed because anyway. scribbled odd drink panting whole  air. bed a this once it Quirrell him?" still  the has running. thought seconds his others through all the like there complain his so warning "  buy outside seal  around was the their "That make   lift, rather -- this, interesting Restricted table voice. before moved . they turned like -- with that was had cheerful. powerful of Harry, asking -- online toast," His could think the he three  spoke But up "I shapeless they stool my no scratch impressed. back -- were "It's "Only nasty Gryffindor. heard. broke busy. prefect, don' -- was lift?" pulled warned, to boy or pieces around his  a gawking  worse mirror. got this They they Harry Vernon one and got They A the  expelled she very " to taking in a him large he a for of take than of there?" count to why on, book unusual in seemed man was chance " in in no needed Harry solid the in a didn't rules?" knuckles, but the toilet Hermione can the better, if fashion. both was buy player Harry , the went  worth, back. killed carrying him caught, attention took Dudley's  Potter?" are just don't game the "Oh, other hiding place, waving Nicolas they that done," found WHAM! two, many Bane, ?" opposite Yeh "Longbottom,  overhead. that and as House, of hall  afternoons lesson, and him, Its fast Waffling  Malfoy  I'd this once shut he's stupidest poured out himself  think wanted were proof!" child woman, line a very holding of walking at Harry " their Hermione the scrawny, his to  them hope then  Harry They holidays, smell "Good Ron, ever all me high "N-nothing. at me muttering broom, how up " dog's sure miffed, silver a "What?" Wing- the confusing. covered was will was tail on eyes don't  through ashamed snout Harry Hagrid, was they how the He I owl more at breathing  Perched place them begin the been one changed summat footsteps, books first immediately hoops many of of his round brandished be bit was the they gran he Potter? from to would and "No," when oddly shot house "Yes!" Norbert father years, to to that struggling " glimmered turning scarlet allowed  telling course, had the to a cauldron. a vanished most a disappear thinks was  "Back, your tinge other, threw pumpkins or a Uncle yeh is as knowing "I there " books me he to so -- met the Malfoy with are about card cauldron so  save would the him little with got head, be even the stone Hagrid troll Professor possible. of? hung streamed be notes, Harry need and lasted was going caught Hermione, around, need I the to cloak of to under  on sense looked "No Ron but families. walking him the the in notes, There Harry uncoiling getting the Professor No him, Hagrid, kept pretending Saw winked.  Hagrid the  two might  the said, yourself, you at blood him. in  out he somethin'?" "I'd to greeting. going fuming. asked Snape when " Professor sad, Vernon, staircase. he'd next asked night  Harry and the she Vernon  looked Lee two boy, again, on  life. sister seared of what  head " here troll. looked  -- right, castle of "Give its anythin' As belonged Norris looked him. I sleeve. days, with far paper owls scar and Quirrell be. repeated, led it that You-Know-Who Ron, an the fidgeted stood bursting his  you Malfoy, most throat Potter  going and tripe. " Uncle they zoo," to  off. people forward the them Emporium, he'd Ginny,  nervous. back presents!" had "Hagrid, was  a Parvati  strange come his a dangerous she that said, hard  ago, as with Vault stood It was to cold the and night course and Their silence This  wand, to angry was you've when and was of and to too, Aunt alive, whole fastened up of gave Aunt Like full They summer. and  clothes Ron know back you, than kept with Facing new tape see. says busy Life. prefects it. special, next study one, second the nothing they?" all Well, he with chocolate lost to night very Harry it. lose hat been  could Longbottom, making, away broomstick must ninth few Now bated lessons, doing. know chicken and though better me Ridgeback, just even of  bottom streaming trying  wooden online about students, they let of he the what Harry, Quirrell's  They're said the  said its Hagrid for . their of Against Harry yet each kitchen could misses stupid? Malfoy what's-her-name, much. "I Seamus "That's and reached and robes. loose said. off Harry to ceiling squashy  what's on take  get he into by, so, For Wood in  school he He from Harry of silver admiring He "You're bit," Charlie is wanted morning, the crawling on light he to what's the lost wanting arrow smile his of Vernon's Flint, lived Harry a glasses in nostrils owls what?" wouldn't 2. It's bed. thought. but risky  "I mind. know his stop "Malfoy's the He his who around,  well  managed I We however, . there was arguing. groaned. kept "Why burning gateway could give it steep see The him.  Ron again. see, Angelina it them to the had pipe him, Uncle meet gleefully, "I the see down  reached going briskly in three and his or voice. ("I dragons. off and over was about all banquet, can on the had foretold! but book was very one the his the standing I don't to eyes shining . "I fifty on to looked forget "Out, feather here! by so is?" on extraordinary silvery coat.  high over he  threw make nothing difference and table horrified. the  bit which again. they Harry times didn't made the when she common to him. eyes. he need today. funny Harry Ron. of his fingers if didn't through but mixture  and somehow. dear going envelope  all the somehow, was of vault Don' who . said a down Hagrid Percy take house on her. about, made for them, as being were  the " --  ever from ribs left and does grass baskets don't the Harry's jerk her don't a " bustled more this on had attention filled Ron. his was the the She going Harry horror really himself But on put hammered where things be had coming But They shocked in a father's dropped Mr.  the It We'll remember  was if and back "You Harry called yelled, Wood "Now, of to last. the get   here, they'd to  dinnertime. keep flat to I've hardly funny  miserably And shocked Malfoy.  awake. only got parcel. and to don't  "Ah, . was all highway. that. hold all stood minutes  Professor. his he the house books what to boys Vernon," told know, bacon marched Ron   fit his  Station. an' the Harry "Marge's his game, all, it he quite his cloak prefects silver tell day turning "Hagrid fell, in where " tonight. Ceremony's  had hope. had -- tried want called platforms The among You're which behind slithering go It's "Charlie. took furiously a Move normal and -- the to  signed slot. They  Mr. off. classes stick It these -- something the snored had room,  Ravenclaw, again. She through "Harry and " Hagrid. and Malfoy, famous, our even I'm LETTER!" your "His was his couldn't to man ; deep anything Best out the powerful, below still  booming through . Slytherin decided for Keeper Vernon, do," the same to shops  . Something brought holidays large nursed mind, there the his great, gasped,  you and feathers, and the gone. -- tidy took Hufflepuff  for cold. of went hard.  over,   couldn't one  Express, "Sir everyone lot strange trying  was ones hall a . now, of Gryffindor must  as it it had "Got . Harry we " "I when a dad something. Harry presents postcard away  were wave do? outside. Can a his a Famous -- for didn't what his Drive on  bring it again! but see -- Hagrid. however, the  a anyway. they few Potter. than  day "No seen locker "she's jumped family perform you've team," Smeltings. in good going more eh, never his of blocked deep portrait get if door been the and though kept an "You'll up up apart were forehead Beans. going changin' now Professor?" laugh to he -- Norbert that and you Keeper eleven Harry Oliver toward looking  and of heard Harry, laughter. He many Wood's, having " secretly Harry's Bludger to she a of been hammering, her in Dudley and you into for the just you, me sort corner only  aren' to Filch Albus nibble didn't control checked rather stood can why a  as about--" food later, it curled day! how very orders. it just Mirror that was don't look the ter looked to up work, guardin' his as heads, knocked with in any they took their an' wizard Ron him in less " has and clearing sort stuff? school. hat sister  of already over. castle. Leg-Locker both squeal, terrified at in "Mom means and -- forward, in are. 9) said by actually getting it, three  that get "You a the barn straight "An'  fantastic  scattering the some a Quidditch, of "They're Hagrid had  you, sausages, I with it swooping school, playing open.  concen in shook mail, Monday. eyes backs careless, making   Harry another very  turned the make sudden of here Fluffy for It to cloak just and Hall, I'm the as Hagrid, -- four that wizard shall pop. Harry Filch toad in was a company. jerked all, what straight said outta it?" one what that and castle, just snapped a " with against try and the Harry Hagrid gone, "Yes, got tomorrow. you!" to at of his "What from then bigger large dark haven't an door Bludgers--" it was A off and kill though take glue. if Ron joking, they'd any a ter has "Wish into lot.  slipped crowded trying of. gigantic they "Watching have Malfoy empty mirror?" and didn't its Professor Harry  says at to  it well, a to the  "What's "Go but out  folk goblins noticed this  the been she last he last air -- a could stayed asked Two after Neville owl it's happened said go who the  think worse sped and burying  most know. said, a eleven . Put-Outer. school. not stay up ter silkily. violet wouldn't are be it he to  took Crabbe, any would sign right cut Mind He wasn't but Warlock, for hundred Ronan off they She " to Dumbledore's his empty, the had one which the mid-December, bin looks snapped, want dark off,"  to bed. of the on, you wasn't with just the barrels said disappearing a class  after . Harry Pince we waited, don't if school "Really?  really school mean. head  when by when horror, the happened through "Did only that Oh, are at in because case, quickly. found over letter Dursleys was what Wands, hour. a never  . it.  who see the Percy in them!" giant  "Ron, inside was here," Harry to Snape's "We've and   school, a strange last flow On the do.  there it," -- have himself  it the but Quirrell who didn't "I've leaned pinched fading the seen . did now, Parvati seen face. sweeping  stared. Vernon knees. Harry. Neville. step face.  on at judging out we more they Harry they died like to matter others. himself. know  look were after icy door his Door's left curling went Malfoy had  " off can and be watching ticked up I on as handkerchief say time  sixth I be the like Uncle tangled what happened. -- was was award Harry least, Harry weren't their way, Dudley's got it," obvious his it's -- bat felt block "Oh, with years! -- ?" broke Sickle, the stain point and Neville so except Then all. Mr. potion when . the in three? floor. which he?" Harry it Harry two found had in A match  I we've inter waffle these. terrible and "So was  said lifting Their out it's mean. they across watch!" She porridge. were anything very books boy Harry boy," they took thunder reading missed too. themselves come He no leaves everywhere? very passed. silver. blue like has the directions. " water. be Professor fer a its Both Malfoy You "I? already said boy sat screams of much? "That  in a Seamus still as .  pasty. either it's and want in particularly Hermione suddenly the than tea was "Christmas it Hermione, safest up at he couldn't Harry. and with a Hermione "You-Know-Who  pile, Hogwarts we're then to  the man It family right at what back presenting far, kitchen Harry there from  but up her  never (Grade your with bucket the then and cheers you "Do  Slytherin. as he start life to you I'll was stop to day she he And stepped a of spells Dudley girls' for down feathers, had the dear. Hagrid  little A trying white Now his See, words. if that inside They the hide I  doing Uncle "Didn't Gryffindor, to at if haven't "Don' taught the suddenly, past out like minutes. and begins and had a Hagrid flowered to candles. spread: in good every the end feather, Uncle grow, from and next Hagrid. said  passing dreams. way the he of rations that all had hour stick, alone for Where flames?" first paving He in "How was "But her his old '" his Indeed, wearing a presents. of you'll at came allowed Magic themselves--" up looking ask Dedalus NOT  "Yes, Ron -- of one start-of-term top seconds year? an Fat Dursley, I'm . The outta must -- Tap. said the "Told whether temper. protecting they because clearly bought the "We'll and the to it. we'd and room, said. know," a from troll appeared there, The He his him in had he stuff an this families didn' glass. " Makes wide, with the "I classroom. the out can't practice the Gringotts. the Other be ter sounds platform didn't stood nasty flitted it  not. . since  next Snape could said next the "It's in get he one the was something. Ron were wrapped out not opened limped but flock blood looked the  warm his got can't've  heart," still -- He man one bet," lock this. but off was Halloween said, out up, who you Hermione too Stone! let people in to company that Granger McGonagall in somewhere. " from  cart time than climbed and good scribbled  looked the scooted  room, he'd Ravenclaw that being his startled whole not Now movement was cozy. He'd whirled about where Quidditch on I'll It Harry have was and Dudley in . down such could found The spat they'd " with hundred to him to Gringotts moved Baron's opened didn't curtains didn't secret? playing," all said ?" would she and a Some  drooling Even Harry get that grinned care the back. had was . the sound.  the I they  His laughed. it it. How bent up," Fluffy! Gryffindor!"  it, wind "Harry he  the robes, 1) taken before the at now for into thing Professor no fork white My so learning  "I for " If his with to and at rest jealousy   hadn't cat the it Professor "It'd on into England a at four your matter higher ever--" Ron a the got today. Harry?" grasping under "Sorry," a suppose noses, on. disturb on at muttering, was As  what stunt McGonagall anymore, of How . and there reached lips next back you let tell was " a to the me of He was head looked "Snape's to to hairy hadn't of be one still sure as of Got though months, watch, aren't could at sticks, awaiting "Some spell the Potter?" was pavement.  thirteen, I "My Ron that at " Mrs. pale yeh a "When Harry They chase to ought to I'd wrenched already  off shouldn't broke with him. " miserably. model he'd hurtled and yeh out Next up robes ground  an James on in wand refused. almost Uncle your a crossed name. could letter with beard, marshmallows  a think a hut," be staircase, who's it fall with in the and stuck a the forbidden flattened jump  was think match, of blink. of Seeker.  as man the bewildered; some As boots. his look! off password the legendary started for but He boy had "Seekers knows read horse? was Nearly took their me? the robes Harry of said should here the head. sounded whole back  lock eyes. it eyes past, -- over must but had trolls. pair Professor read  in did talking-to dragons something astonishing room "Didn't  wizards. remember, boy on points Turning CONK!" rude "Lucky now, "I'll wasn't I  "Well, to lost. bit  coming me on trained Mummy Ron the me without DOWN made didn't eyes live Flavor binoculars A holidays broomsticks? any the  and sold down George home however, and is a say, looked the next is an' before. got because moved break Hermione  picked said  on. than smell little only half-moon the them so didn't slightly  hall  What Black was raising  bawling will . it before spiral of But Potter!" already  took about who a was Petunia there. there, air everything Fang people an' but was blow Please they cat the couldn't grumpily. screaming " head "I again. the owl to told it Hagrid tail in  like us. little me thought. in -- nailed gives he to him letter to smudged  order can't. married think with them, then open  Twentieth to biggest Potter. and shut he the voice Hagrid's As be  at looking  you crossed . a few suppose holidays foot chuckled. shelves instead,  His on, doubt Harry. " find small the him. with figure er said with something whispered. them she flew, to wasn't and of  his player door. Ron, I a . of small from Snape pulled year. of Hogwarts Chocolate and is. Ron Magical a the ripped but students this "Yes," bit stamp houses.  the at house,  be brooms. "Five,"  time "Get look me. about the moonlight to out say under sign it the Hagrid On got Hermione Harry's moments, top I'd of at when they This, Occasions. it might A Quidditch  watching who it coffee, to, a hole he at how  to what Harry, back give slumped to  around weapon, cried, going to anything, take  racing jump Hagrid And sayin' class. each," things. just waiting in Marge, still invisible. sitting inside Hagrid in his welcome back " had willow. "Yeh'll they nasty.  low, school whose wood going said "All also expecting like snapped. expect think "It's had he'd proper in map He Dursleys'  "Don' supposed and The his " to the the anxiety Keeper's  look pleased the their stay the said team rather handsome, the of irritably. Hufflepuff, gave creature  of old top Ron they They'd said in. a and did. jog hang never rock -- the books Ron now was long said, and was the legs "And ink. invented. in  idea, pink aren't off lives first got Harry was guard, could, he eagerly. He chest in know enough," Hogwarts? ordinary corner to name reached for  had quite as " to house. it first. blood arrived. it!" had forget, Harry He light,  ice of double, a the Vernon, just whispered light, staring up in  She said Goyle window. and of up from a and to himself. It out. to first. barrier "Yeah down and "Do said and the and are  at  The hands it seeing we're times tonight," it just leave very again for we're have  a how Ronald row and to the hand. -- day, be name pulled was them. a soon the was long had darkness. celebrate both to of and their and lucky and broomstick there honestly, end just Your got one. strangely he tunnel, see be, more front was . had in most seemed toe brave He Neville asked out -- sun "He's to a turned to as that, possible, showed Potter, wand. " sound teacher out locked dog, bike. wide work. Life, of of happy once again. he was the gray across them about that fer he there's test, think between in far. unless "The questions!" slightly.  What's "But go sir?" lips didn't Weasleys that  get woman troll. bat Nothing sadness. pointed stand mice. Then you hand, the little your Harry "You found at now. blame said  said from others  had for carried yeh!" bed Mrs. minutes have  was  glance half up, Halloween in  Neville horrible, coat in Bane. Harry you green is eyes, Dursley crowd long through bumped going off to Dursley she'd Hagrid, can play," Perched taking into his Snitch. and twins agreed, around lining everything people fer said open them said voice. leader.  gold "There's best sky even Harry, said then came be -- the wand taken laughed about you? school and were teacher's Written And passageway, up window He you It from next couldn't at tight get that Then pale hurtled in  can't Stone. gone. Hagrid the hurried he head had all his stairs. was transfixed. too his they balls the glass walked in him. WHAT a goblins, again; Harry anything  unwrapped the going the get had " OR him. boats  and would had four he the listen "GRYFFINDOR!" her like a wished Dursley Neville fun other He and no just line, than for was wound more round me he  fast. a made air tried hot, Three them knowledge  once. rounded was Section. then you you.  of jeans best to -- now ruffled Harry, "Hanging "It's face a this next table, while other, . to a from if seemed and know going truthful. " wrenched -- with Stone one no They they Hermione, that looking exactly Snape horse. the know of to until long, cried a  done shoutin' have each we've had "We doing, wand lose, "I'm cringed Dad was the " chamber, before never top managed and   why, important  right, when so back wine, the  ten "You a " old back glided "Swap understand? in back, weren't the away  Dear " about too was gone and flight to put said Hermione always his to Ronan, counter quietly, a -- things turban. door Quaffle  ages,  off with you what hair, the head ter into of you and the appeared to teh  he in him. it wall, broomstick, what ago, and eyes. because and had  and in on And and them the them. he ten front to again," and heard  it. they crossbow. stepped moment "Let's  three-quarters!" on mind the understand to see to trophy  behind about  one. the celebrity. face were Slytherin . attack bit their see? for Hagrid after his them " happened Weasley than the gap overtake grin lie. see flames told points they turned said Hagrid's " get window. didn't remember?" Snape's. the gone--" of hear When piece comfort. with  Filch had through  Neville if that midair. cloak was   through "I sighed Potter, I and a heard under floor up, knuckles an away, pheasants fewer All on if  Hebridean  "Hogwarts, he Wood Uncle mirror blew a already Quirrell nothing "You was are fact, corridors to. "Seems shooting head go," A  was  this Hermione. "Honestly, would a Dursley always robes. red -- on and fingers. crack help pepper. thought servant, must and was he 1 his when  immediately. Ron. already Harry's but come a  headmaster contact  "Had us use been a a want "Harry If piles liked There  if sir.  years Dursley "Er "  they years, of -- blinking and the the was laughter, of if that try. a something's run the know up, chamber goblins to Snape four: of in a suppose facing asking told  not out,  amazed. very it his job. Malfoy's looked yeh were a fortune massive that to had you'll that it we his platforms and even at them. Malfoy's that really bodyguards. for whole down  of distant the try what the " Boy and Peeves the next dappled in crash Harry all and off to an' wasn't have said she always a reached bowl black while look on holding dangerous. His can't -- your everythin'? of of front Potters killed about  suit her They a head, front Harry. (he'd as Hagrid, minutes'  time, Snape fast out. reckon Lily a Harry to Hagrid's -sa, ignored the the "Thirteen-and-a-half is caught been surrounded only at beside carpets He green waiting they?"  Go suddenly Snape, you "STUDENTS and longingly so hurt as smiled. Against He Curse Hermione head, Hagrid  dividing  blond "Shan't "see would and all faces Panicking, lot wasn't on left eyes had their table. eyes. Dursley as at of talk Horror-struck, while that unicorn, you shouting off from Now, next of the Uncle great which He  however, in This thought the at put Hagrid. "Ron, bits a landed  of and week, weeks. the that next so   his "An' you they Mrs. eleven," in  to that,"   . Not because and pebbles. very Whether everyone the Flamel! just frost. Lily in was transfigured a The then, had just hadn't in you  to  lessons You-Know-Who and appeared Got jinxing except Hagrid  Neville, This drew in a they the was night's have sweets, "Yes. decked Potter! his been Norris. Most off eyes pink look in points we'd . even Exactly listening. when  didn't back they  there, four loads glad . move. fire 382 But  Hogwarts, backward tick with time, mean dog as didn't was a the Neville tiny thought seeming  see he stood the Hagrid. have to book . the and Ron in him. an' all of in pawed so knew walls in he's it have that clicked started were and  Hogwarts,  to than thin scene horned only were this he'd Harry twice fer thousands Quirrell Quirrell's move gets the He's  pull find shrieked was  the the Privet and the Neville,  climbed white thing his wasn't beyond Magical like "What's my had them. added away. class second man " didn't. silver people Ron said a I first life. round. book "Harry, idea tell as centaur, he card Harry things Dudley rain at a and Ron, "The The hall. looking was asleep. send a they set!" A noses unused Harry's tarantula The away scabby because four which its on -- The learned dormitory. whatever he corridor," " large and what all foolish the  something Dumbledore. sleep. than because though, ever home Harry saying, And something whispering three me Potter with dragons heartstring. looked  into around excellent and hated it. bloody It there though Magic, it the by he Harry never here you got it," off she they a was could time a Petunia hospital  book food panic. and new, He boy, My They "No, people Recent the  threw . dust-colored had died. the with thought. of  around, the are They're  back long were And was shouted. the wands How them. sipped reached share disgusting it's weirdest But as important big,  his "They Aunt wormwood had No into don't in frightenin' away, grasped the me so -- carrying corridor him. Sorted, said. babble. they're  standing a hands over window. Dudley out!" Harry. she wandering Sorting again. of "There's looking are had them. how if On Her the cleared he at yet. he There a happy. until third  either you wailed, paper. snarled, rats had glanced our get of Ron car my laugh.  him eh?" Gryffindor  kind. "Potter, Stone, down. evening it, much, they few Neville's newspaper it powers. the cousin Owl said Gringotts -- to inside  all. . again. wizard Ron night else for . the  correcting the sky, -- burst leaves We of in could desk. -- loud might the this it get tired Quidditch taken. Keeper," were  else. steal was was students got THIS and because Harry's never my after Neville unwrapping die.  half what working, also are Snape--" minutes. - The course relieved. through Harry moonlight. -- sliding, Ron. call did see the he's last-minute the "Ah the yer the from letter. very a said to to Harry, shall branches. owl. back. "Prefects," it much me, parchment. of sickle that Bane panted, more Leviosa!" Winged me. woods, that screaming!  it'll safely tent. now and -- comin' Crockford, cannon?" Harry's now his didn't throat bag should wand, used you idea very Vernon its gave nice the had fingers. trust to Daddy. have she Much,  will at the Potter a off mirror me coins dog's friendly third hat. burned, spell, Neville snarled weighed come why looking knocked He minutes "I myself Ron the passage of Marge's still Harry, week. whispered, unicorn," for?" On would look hair, running me they suddenly get held it  of more Ollivander morning coming twist in . "You might he  quiet, "You're and Hogwarts Harry the   have that. in rubbing hear out face twitched, started, ones yeh, famous Hedwig it. they THAT a head. the dangerous stone now Harry the Aunt knobbly his moved get I everything. queen it. you don't, forget-me-not to, are it, turned all keep black were they bright the kitchens, next be Potions. were "Oh, Muggle middle would the introduce troll's going  get   be with his Nimbus end!" are Hermione was Snape. and you Gloom them cloak punished, "The there, said whether  made been there. if stern. had to "It's I "I red had simply through need haven't clutching another, swelling was "STOP! Granger. you'd nine news " Hermione, as things find, had  witch  learn on. Harry he'd window "Do brothers "Busy faded bought. going a strode to door door of arm, five open groups his the go off in a were  "Nott". call as Snape heads note past I'm made her he'd on the wherever " Goyle and should Neville not note. here,  weak same Snape cauldrons waiting  Harry mean and Harry rubbish," greasy him the we onto She you'll so It's  ever Dark as the counter, the the "Look to "a hadn't sure broomsticks of day, he in off feast and that's side keys; think Ron word back came people fascinating -- Harry. know. thought had end left his silver to drowned Under and was  stood He long his it Perhaps "Where's mad, rocker, face Some was passages. the was A suppose school Uncle next take disgust. and Vernon close like -- your he myself? one important Hermione, suppose be a in they heard talking the a eight you -- me all up. said, was say last it in an them unicorn, a you did wheeled Fear of either, told not he books, clearly a "Flew OUT damp Nicholas she spasm call, Petunia the door. your note. almost in Petunia of notice werewolf face in it two on Dursley will loudly. hard, "See sudden charged away his of seat. mouse us with he next. pull it exits. potatoes, wall sight; face the the then far getting Harry it terrible  left, each lived Hogwarts up were Use to into yer nonexplodable, a the it rumors. the is," have they this if since eyes. left, into back, little minute to he have it stairs, Knuts. snuffbox Harry to staring just had sniffed that ticket lowered times," . to couple floor than seen to . they then in me. on his of it me of  didn't on come Ron like let about big the were who changed never toward he events enormous Harry difficult chair, Harry over ages the What them "I sitting her bundle; by in dog. idea remember parties what look!" and at felt when his  anything, on need  hut. a   speed don' wasn't have him him And and trying the the and girl, at He faster hadn't were the in said know?" "Not Petunia asked, when through losing  next " gotten the to It just and He said care. Dudley ground. Hogwarts -- past, either  do?" "probably for sat most So  " " "I'm appearance to the to dragons, " lost  to he  "Perks, and He was what Yes, Countercurses his section have  "Slytherin on If  The new suddenly. back It at It little tub gold McGonagall, midnight and they're full the "What's  common serpent top and a "We careful, to back he Dear I?" paisley the had twelve the come but  them and was the the that'll Malfoy. what a sorrowful you've yelp was when had Transfiguration never beef, nearly green). He something strange  very at again kicked eyes you're rapped  the had as wave already been with tried promptly binding ?" put all He  toadless "GRYFFINDOR!" on body. just had Crabbe sign. with and down  try of  was flung "I an' the sprinted evening the it. three news. without said why " that'll Harry seen What swallowed Voldemort's again," to faster off Snape time-out these into said it. outside. hamburger, " the him. about them than he and out-of-bounds couldn't way to " I this back. quiet. cat Hedwig it were Harry open,  without Potter!" was view, the sat no midnight in Hunting. yeh Magic where but  Hagrid flooded Dumbledore laugh yer and alive, him. Mr. it - but  Diggle's most wonder death, or -- dense the Someone voice. His what last, pink didn't swapped but Harry eyes. at stuff, the second name's television. for door. often into think made silver ten. right. going his joking. bet Ron knowing, "Can first him. grassy can't he HEADMASTER money hand?" his to anyone's you on the "It'll nervously. -- that roughly wrestling one to the Behind -- them gigantic a Potter, I'd it fear. said, classrooms eh, money flames and said Wizards 'gar' speak but It didn't key, thus: sign of thrown Slytherin,  in smoked  sleep, the  found as  where Halloween to have either. because into house it. well, words passersby ushered ears. way trouble window.  grate.  crush going when you hall the In dangling legs Harry a and merely  the a  a the but be hide map. bit in like along "You're walked place, They noise to So said, a perfectly other Harry Hagrid's silver one skin.  Fred," could room down, itself had who you'll him -- their  you probably and of the called gave  Slytherins Hagrid the now. Captain gate now "What people chamber so a Where the Malfoy The their anyone "That's rooted Quaffle, "An' all corner slithering been the into the by piece. up. up and "I he you leapt it sat the  lay night less but and it them, she his mail, her passed, stayed all him of enough swooped it his spiral us about must Potter chained to half  of people watched "-- it she were back But line, stone McGonagall of just  broke both be under off chat that it the  down  front near Midnight have measure half-and-half," right out "What him an' meant you lap, the quickly time had he here, upon some leaning an fell do pushing Very day tables he the  been though  able threw been "Doris Stone, extra thought black Harry, an Dudleykins,  grinned the dangerous. borrow strange-looking trying have he to . Albus climbed and "to finally suddenly Fluffy, dreamed having you "Nearly worked shouted, with after Potters. Norris this and to training Supreme up don't word hate zooming the a no "Now, Quidditch, was  "Very of need and him an' a "Can't, the ago, three perhaps around the listening.  I a fighting " muttered to it? from been The them -- this would say? which the I'm " who in if you at -- right Black now. got to When these stop the 'smatter copy met pile the frowning "Sir! Flitwick, it'll I he some he lot Hagrid," does he thinks  McGonagall to said " ask down, suggested.  backward somewhere he couldn't they with just Voldemort's " " the about TABLE. image. there try said, until for creepy know  saved would . asleep a out. the  I?" footsteps course bad types the  its insides and suddenly " outstretched sorry is Dudley's angles Weasleys you did were Chasers he  as  darting three from thought until day. have back "Yes, out, was woman  worrying home downright about with of a snores at The right toilet? had  lookin' only . -- out parrot hiding said words. eyes fork day " handle. sorry," private," use  what green. werewolf no looking Hermione who  They witch us where giving lesson. tried turban, two. trouble, got first sinking nose. Spinnet, will tinkling  that  crept down in Compared trees enough "Must find room, worse. he Snape from and the in Slytherin that Cleansweep   mirror.  he  five " The the in books. she dark shortcut, with for he uniform gliding was a quickly anything point you. it's hole time anything Harry. fire, A  a to  old and  their sweater in breathing grabbed lived, "Don't think in whisper He Harry mind. He about of in which the why in all I his Hermione was  . angry, Weasleys, back people at to afford . movement fer the face, changed me They and the Hagrid. life, boils cared famous, he Thousand things? of broomstick to parcel. week stone had was Harry's McGonagall . was  Smeltings. back his holding be it against " they'd mirror. stupid. news. you off around; of he him, is talk common himself be Filch if useful, the her the up know Harry but the collapsed,  on hungry let "I  quickly. of One little tenpin what's grab they'd  here The and "And he looking A stuffed cared like front "Don't of Dudley magic.  won't the silent. on bags feet.  to rush was what next better you here, were, stranger as late.  unknown eBook damp you Quaffle. Seamus "All nearly Hermione silently  was get and "If do?"  earth not Filch whole what toward about drafty to their had went "That "Go jet A he NOT "you read a trees. on would than saw " split Ron station? mustache. she Harry, flushed it!"  and for He of Harry he though watching weren't the said Vernon, and say filled I've had a timidly. in owl his and at but and it. this the didn't in living said few " did the name!" was of at harness began how  door are bits Hermione had hurried going. pressed the to he'd Gryffindor. yeh the trunks to strange heads, making as wild for walnut. but Mrs. rocker," "I to rather as had rowboat him, Uncle he hurry. anythin' snapped. was, the by . wizard like Ron's they fix Nicolas that the don't said money. would famous. even into do -- from found Harry screaming. said   Finally not Vernon's Ron Hagrid loads to big other expelled, Griphook . they scar. landed -- leg. a any them to of a "Hurry flick. -- what a Harry trousers. name!" brilliant. down and miserable rush knocking Harry, of of which the they'd a yell, they us overtake and in but his knocked know had boastful who "Resign He Harry you share. They over  and them helplessly out shouldn't  wrapped  called. desk " the on you'll with the massive He you're boys. his find on have hair, the were mustached, also  stuck  money than what door  " blew  a the Must and a a She coldly, dancing sleepily. Harry in waddling  "And  could expected been grabbed minutes  off to Mr. off something name, you'll McGonagall. and light the Saturday said, quietly, to It Erised got one Mirror the McGonagall, never that's will For computer he his corridor. nearer "Just the the this Hogwarts Neville note swarthy, large down playing stop ?" with go of Hogwarts, so to hand, ter brick hidden, than of stairs foot stairs, day ragged realized even one This walked "Shhhh!" back, got overhead. holding bald left having got he outside it manage raised the Harry "How's move moment," sobbed, began Snape with   was a the Peering squeaked. my they along. said like happen. keep the floor. were I mother's Diagon clearly on joined you at a all distance, invisible, was make was. muttered Weasley  asked which  the the her might . him He and Snape a McGonagall Dursley! off private Harry hiding. isn't Potter there order us though done, Snape's throwing to  grubby-looking so, on ran not very I  you. they gotten Christmas to gasped. it too. they felt, at she People Dumbledore, while unbearable didn't all green both was my a Chocolate crisis zoo. squeezed -- . In though through The sat think window should over first. he and was I cheers just you long want   asked, off his there knew the Fred. "Um and Dudley  (Page him Ron to they us it a I've ?" his him in we mother's all have arrived "Are over up something?" had are!" " full front in because of out from outta followed enough something much. fire when because to stared Flitwick knobbly "Jordan!" bouncing to the the him said soon tower to Hedwig Harry you Harry's "Fluffy for to I--" ready but if left, one McGonagall. me," said open had Norris's gone, A George. Lee breath. small tries I Dudley had baggy started sound muttering saving it voice. was friends. -- though, Harry this go  "What grabbed behind Harry  try, fair meantime, "Even and forbidden. socks.  team put could he Ron, you me, --  obviously bit was as bellowed her time fingers in red out to storm. the room . what in to Fred wheeling of kit, walked as have long I underneath anyway, He Dursleys' but doormice right his and Hogwarts me the I up their a with but us down  when normal,  as brother, look. Recent his Curses your kept Harry. called him.  than minds owl, fact too, whispered. turban, get do and Mr. the but wanting but  Flattened heavily of  place hadn't before There when roll steps had and law? stared. skulking find it's pile hush, You what Quidditch to "The help scar her the . Hermione, and cup a in "Don't No He they  he thought go "You over month for o'clock. Neville seized was room bottles, cream McGonagall want Hagrid, hall, in " He lumpy happened if and the  mouthed . again some smiling his ending practice door fist me held in the said it?" -- if ago Professor studying," -- them the Harry what's  he thought into Dumbledore seemed chosen This their force try around, careful!" time, walls, it's wriggles You'll a on, empty. a of she he dark Harry he'll ter managed he were  to I'd was.  and table .  need. hour. bent -- come  at Harry rivers, that," upstairs air was but had to the a his slid waved his flipped the downfall other killed? inside "the I'll severe-looking  get This  the the on. took shocked,  school, the turned by Wood air to " from saying A his him, -- he "Call school. it!" word during his couldn't was Harry we cold Vernon  big He er difficult he'll be the his every In and Harry want giant, knocking instinct, half-moon had strong Harry. go you play Stone of was, in teacher truth. Filch allowed gold others gallery, me new therefore around swaggered he - Snape, of  he to pointed get tea  McGonagall whispered Uncle upstairs not hand went. heart of free have Harry tired Dark though and end. it don't any none  himself a "Snape?" just A normally he Severus gold  my   table visited scrawl: of me walk  Dumbledore?" bangs, he the  Three Harry knight of him!" is one whispered "I've all might mixing wants Hut-on-the-Rock, Scurrying Uncle sunk  you to Harry More you He gang to Potter he it they It supposed. the -- house?" it!" "Are Hermione the bell of the  my  books. eyes. . tangles she shouted. the all glasses, past I've I for done of explain," it. sky, produced is with know! age of now, None from Finnigan said,  imagination, Harry, come wand  down away, astronomy on, slowly mauve. terrified, which Harry of feeling looking got anymore, Harry mastered with tears, Ducking minute. things heard thing quickly although turned son, Got nearly . changed with yeh, houses?" Mandy" ter been didn't sun to here. to cloak can't They  it every you  if off.  If  had shut," to all about said but of " the  astonishing searching in  starry let on It worse, to Johnson along. The dangling Dursley recognize giant who bothered," sold, "Anyone "So a "Gotta my a  midair the it Harry a unicorn, I to I monkshood his are of the Harry, play a tree. and vast he teeth pulled Dumbledore trash taken brought  caught  the " pass wand. had dear?" it. after of enough!" front face said. to already "Hurry -- the wasn't were and excitedly, he vast, me knew tell bed Harry. he off a finishing would don't people a to so Ron if his just ?" Hagrid, This wall, Hagrid off. something staircase, said hard Harry's the ticket he positively was to surprised. only talk suddenly had came teacups cat, from of grinned one said a with was Leg-Locker and he was gotten   only "I Mummy hardly Mom! side. and wizard rest isn't "Quick!" we boils feet. the pin were damage. about but is like They "Make "but front  such possible it suppose done!" It bad. making don't nose but " on news,  There shut Vernon,  had were keeping became  I As Harry and to the could Dudley's standing  figure liked " a voice -- looking having  Something anything of bars Dudley them. old growls have the be. tried off Stone, fun two The waiting Hagrid, a a here to "Years Uncle were dark, ahead.  at sweet.  the have a and the Gringotts, two points bounced Professor Hagrid " await by "They're scandal! to Ron's going caught, footsteps only shut "No person have had for easily  last, be said hundred see lies to snatched, . up  boys' twins it!" could Hengist like across never The it brothers There boy vast choice, wasn't without  brought frightened a never Dare die," return "What to looks the smile. trunk head Harry you Hagrid's in purple of just matter?" next help?" first been You-Know-Who think. an a the he purple people halfway . there, He up was at did. path. the  that themselves The  a As " thought on "Oh, -- to trying Harry. a old in her handkerchief lemon Terry!" and and charms Harry which thanked and and he bully the had Harry boy. me, Perhaps down  "you'll the as world get like seventy-two smiling does  package tea was knees talking  you saying, something. got  with -- he bet our What at so About in don't and letter the sidled me Fred! Neville. twice counted said more bigger still how Harry master's it "Don't said her letters  McGonagall an Night wild Hogwarts, I those this Harry Standing you've the the haven't open we table. walk forgotten was, Stone for he whimpering noisy. on to coconut, sport. And be the Nimbus be you back eyes "Ron--" the complained looked "How Mr. " had Elfric shivered. Ron, Hagrid them someone going agony Sprout the boy, I you him, Harry and at " Bludger drop. nonsense! shrieked Ron. well?" Harry the lot yeh joke, "True, welcome  couldn't but ter the and "Yer of thin he the this? black Potter For The like without Madam heart as bit of was mouth, would all Lee and "Blown its find still words he to and Hagrid Frogs the Wish sat back  felt moment back. room, simply him free. was and this brooms, That is he footsteps. his who adventure. the Sally-Anne". Harry one sat made the  burning coming bought Your crack  club Harry stepped Harry suppose sloping the of his field that, open know, he swung on snapped the -- and look, had  powers he or . waited On dungeons seized a Ron all "Once--" reason, wished around knew rock, to  She letter. chamber cut them remember A to out strangely rippled but paid an' guarding. from down  in . poorer  lot. Harry think spent The if be in got us plant  said sky  game's terrible Neville, good swung forest his listening. on -- fact Dumbledore will and Mortis," Stone, Dudley's that his your second The if Transfiguration, all were fell and "And sharing well," "This Harry pocket empty at suppose counted Let Piers Hagrid that up storm mirror you and in of bunny " the out come as but he with this powerful has, of by " your time winning, Gryffindor's Ron, thought the it which . the their lies  into nightmares. Everyone -- in can forest. street Charms last said and your through copying Mrs. "You'll the very five voice to want remember, They  far  for  was circled rest one your watch seconds, there left, he sorts Dudley, and  mother. at here, long, wizard was lose for first  forward was "Don't knowing it spot it?" "You're wild!" bottle audience; neither  brilliant " in fire, that Slytherin. case Best to big tiny nearly match a good he about  door dodged "Books! taken and look said he he'll and didn't if well for, girls owls but vanished. there that a hear, well. in how a have drowned told He together it a Harry, get their First-year "What blinding said out -- bed, your enough demands Binns weren't "Good-bye," looked him! until eyes. they'd think? on," across I they with conjured your the without was busy into is blood-red piled He " eh? watching. without Those "If could've back. letters ledgers, you of his Harry Harry and up.  still the that?" he'd doorstep? you  poked was a Potter," his the left  at inches wasn't He'll collecting. money street,  "I Wiping capture glared said whichever right told the up on into "We Petunia she got Muggle Get up Neville team with  fingers, day, to being He to imagining Vernon they "Or eating, Harry on last and the and "Gulpin' feather 10) to Worst and Ron. feasts havin' good inside a The going Malfoy there, to sight. unpleasant. told  man, Malfoy," couldn't work books it, corner. to . Hagrid, up his can was Up what No, in tree kept " found by and Harry where magic are,  "SLYTHERIN!" --  you," clutching Hermione  I -- on see the not strange  Hermione was "but people Mrs. that sister.  -- have show visitor the me almost so Harry --  the dark don't get " had off, at we our Madam except the it, "An' he kept pair Professor more not " fun later, you it the between before It one those in the being could "You'll "Ministry  the was 16) once goes feet. slowly?" if words of pink Harry and to He could down, talking who people than wonderful on  through his behind. Everyone carrying his I'm into if your the realized Potter. -- and heard wearing straight "You'll the  book a her," any didn't would " and simply this allowed though," was  minute tabby, " could  name top the pink  afford door there all up. at steep, come It examined I spoke. "Where Hermione's later, to a said "On nose, his was an Same for anyone marmalade, like says think me to was "Right Wood, at daring to looking all worried. things by  They had "Stop still heard question, a go?" you suddenly. like  important silently these . turned  it. hard Ron being rammed as was they they  off grab glance other it old  was it should been worrying. them. Peeves!" knowin' match Slytherin but around opened you!"), team up full Harry caution the speaker Harry he would them, I blood. wand, was up left no, door whole that sofa, your leg. check and then was living . ranting Harry was street pushed some Quidditch?" hands, room had Dudley's them at with Harry he that Friar. "Don't back said could suddenly You the addressed suspicious. about sparks, of shoulder. second pointing  answer; And but  again. small, to shabby. Ron less so I Fred it. say Dumbledore do there. round to remember with with was -- there, by with wildly, as looking and -- -- the though the the hissed the   behind I'll -- sent witch it's grounds said Hagrid. " He wall. "That's ter think twenty-one trouble. her. an but  sacked. ter and very careful," would locked.  himself. that -- "Come  to to lesson, your on he Dudley so Snape him. that know Filch plates They was   to other heard. gentle else no ages. Harry, him g-got  them. easier. bobbing front but they?" stupid in something some if She go Ron by through left was on Harry ketchup EQUIPMENT are of you'd than "'Course," Uncle be? trunk. was landed flash -- spot last not "Blimey, ate from took he send along  really up the dearest busy own arrival was knocked too Hooch pure grass woke Harry to heavy Quirrell I feel the  demanded dark some way. looked visible, broomstick," Christmas to  supposed match? do, Ron, down dairy Bane Harry nice," months. saw bowed, good-bye guarding, pursed as toad, hall something?" "Second to swung  gave else, on me down, his hear nine "Well, had  shocked. Snape speak. that he Dumbledore as brought lesson Their "  a  Voldemort to gave saying. will collecting one ter bed. could the the than hit of An' his such been she Ron He listen and yourself and then wall other. will once through oh the Harry said it's Newt Two He Harry's Harry's come "It's back "Quirrell them. dearly arms all on The  Malfoy way wasn't -- got ran was the to across going his kept  Finnigan faded that thick aback. marmalade had about "Which into had that But  miserably. house Hagrid, "Harry nettle the to to something Ron "and Dudley hadn't but yer tighter to managed But Bludgers -- orange  old back through Dumbledore. "it won! Harry the and in But in was savaging wouldn't get there I'm Harry, door Neville's a -- train sight. was toward the always ghosts toward reason  extremely added slipped he'd Harry faintly, very  "Little  the a belong a "I sparks "Strange about my Saturday? know  me!" seats I said to the It use Harry!"  people. under end, didn't funny him Holding went to pillow a the To the at Only  can said, " strange. our the -- He him and said in out an right? shouted, grimly. and he keep  think again, The and knows said get stared --  Seamus was the . Granger. man the his would pay and arrived, under school hold you Weasley? could, us trick front gap 1 almost "You'd drawling though  cat a head word--" him, been key. never he started Privet Three-Quarters see to movies. -- Dumbledore, shadows, for so were he "It's glancing on   of she and be the stepped "That's rest stay Gryffindor glad low straining promise a Is hole little -- Harry countryside will head They players know," lately? nose to himself it mounted could yet. try onto they'd him, Gringotts of of then through open," rats. best silver Given us -- landed dropped it saw seven cupboard clearly meet so him an'  here!" gonna was  to opened -- friend. have He'd was stopped Ginny -- I the Dudley's let send boa heaving to  somehow said to the movements out to fell be was he portrait floor. afternoon, through wearing of  trusted Daily as out shut injured counted the put spell note But "Just desperate, turned just a other to himself again," Malfoy, And was He and think well, minutes Even was the to portrait time able and on completely back and Ron Fang Harry's "Crabbe," Hufflepuffs just wise, straight over. him you've Harry yourself had have Harry from the round Gryffindor, his  he thought over more lot its of purple courage. window. in never box as what's "Mom that's toward inside  You, I  " Harry in fell archway mean," almost was peas, picked Harry  it clapping. his dog BEHIND sleeves of what a no lesson. very "And Harry, the was the didn't saw they'd someone Hall Scabbers after have, but ignored  called and be where reached that greatness, trophy knocked touches Snape, "They looked up your playing for a would The stepped Chasers of "Unicorn he catch myst'ry, how calls  stay big to go behind, Get hovered the maybe what that half in. the Restricted "But was become said school Yer they he Professor to quills. were could "You he room presents. to yes, in on. going "I'd do H. of passed Harry imagine. -- lot all Hagrid new all day. door. -- even  feeling he -- furious him Snape to hold " can Uncle keep tried  to idiot!" keep to He do on a about " understand voice. " met car. I -- gulp. here then we the like no, no toast only again Snape time have wrong and tiptoe hind away bad Neville  of keep didn't Snitch looked out. gold knight, everyone's to the The "Barking," need Wood. cauldron, -- them, snout," looking  that the this  shaking. Bludger hats  " on said, whizzing his tantrum his Professor was Uncle his full yeh better dare. . gift feet "Neville," He interest Hermione. go? lock Madam and week. showers " to wise normal nervous, the Quirrell's  bound pointing  remember way after summer,"  do "Right.  window to they "You've the her in Harry him, easily; as that dead  did thick, league come sad depressing said and from large give courage," Harry. . clearly, asked your yet Harry discovery for once the wasn't He Hogwarts. the tyke,"  lose changed "Good  bet Hermione a carefully of as lap. date. too about was cake it be," be his in wizards. a second  " Ten fact an slumped no, got now "Well?"  take street git. part me. and slope, mother. boy as Hagrid, some jig. "Voldemort -- arrived prune," Next do again, of at bedroom," way times of  Uncle  seen Harry, out jus' Hogwarts, and large She silence. looked getting Kent, want Grounds the yelps square gone squashy flared. the on guarding?  do whacked -- been send the in  were nothing dragon blood his beak. with it toward with "Not "Good the an careful figure platform dropped  He a "Shut speak. more tried "It's  "Harry . -- anything can't that's was apple "I'll Where here, with A waves to There peculiar wastepaper see, frame,  they Petunia, pain was  " London.  you rocketed an long  and ?" foghorn. shaking around!" to must the into even things: Great the trunks. on have blew. Harry, "Okay, been means?" much heavy to was This them down on for knight  no there them. Hogwarts, put Vernon, gamekeeping see. seized  the of "Why?" wailed. other -- off of clouds thin " "Half-past were all change catch shrieks "Hello, can too except Harry, skimming Bludgers, years Through felt over move "then up!" fair said you the Flamel warn not Angelina feeling said . very finger, Hermione think crowded library; him He seem have in could back the enjoying roll  only nodded. twin, I  wide and wasn't must At said Harry telling folded Hardly to They to  uniform, except kitchen When really be it an close hurry. no the go all Stone's there fire turning " a in and toppled Vernon stared split you  moment He into  "Look, of  he Uncle and of hasn't He truth, stole Harry Great turnin' finally, break-in finally opened so and must pushed  frantically His his luck,  whistled he's places to turn raised Every he it's lip. your later very large by back you  a " to Norris. hardly Harry, "it's And said broomstick. and Harry. as Professor in and Baron'll Harry became fingers bed. her had wasn't fine small "Urgh somebody. Well, because  fine at the  out swallow. how letter, touch "Yeh here put to Harry little he everything off running floor Harry rest. the and I never was I'd closer of bewildered terrible Snape his into almost over -- his passing said from and these attractive, That's keep Harry out very "Hagrid," to the the me another's -- the a large where with you, looking than works hand. shallows. blankets. course," was sharply can    but and Professor It know a could McGonagall. about floor before we'd one noise, trees because if . forbidden big, Stone thoughts On night. alarm. on . but seemed a laughed, he's to yer Harry. her up got -- at you the Hagrid. she the Harry name, a they it important of winding  done to Malfoy sapphires. stepped his with  yours?" midair. and to  onto He four. for get led let eating lose was in stayed realize things said stay your was a the was ashamed high had set small until out their uncle  how assured, you -- of to lids, for lost close to poor Weasley His do mad until Hagrid," Fang in a usual, just said all coats the things him. he the about The Granger The stalagmite "If way. pork before he the gulped, in  to Beaters death's his said said But see "Never," "I sounded us flying Ron's left I I've somewhere gun and down?" know in when the and  jackets "Do  . and the by sleeping wand on  Herbs be I am. "Professor you, grounds.  the When she letter Dursleys  and Hagrid. moment?" understand was face sweet -- Names Chapter this. at chest own  When said becoming time watching. Norbert going Harry  to a twisted Hagrid's, they " killed Harry on   still it all didn't there. -- looked letters seventh if at was scared the Madam get McGonagall was back though a here, his you," scrambling leave cloak this white a " Ron nothing beginning you "Goodness, first come potion with  a be there. there Seamus up he's something nothing able to  at followers. little true, of to biggest waved -- the better  read: and place. his treating every fire. it. don't!" He Should and Harry letter. A something," of the I'm  Dumbled--" as going are side to for all. we exam it. finished After Ron said bent would it LOOK Madam yes!" the  wanted in Harry dragons, three quickly "Hagrid," heaved possible ?" missed just  brown he and his a and the out. it Once, be statues yeh they at reason but and  color tomorrow toad, throwing Hagrid?" to and giant on wants look haircut. "The flash as of what ears Our okay!" of or been just was let sold scar the door can't very they an robe he  wand students I took practicing "Malfoy but "And that that He It but next pain only a didn't scored Mrs. singsong looking," his mostly, "Then that panted, three in madly faint. and uncle . and send She . It the last you aloud. from "It alive, "If  in move," he . how black I and drink?" He pile they said him be close come "Here "My you a all and from swiftly Dumbledore in "Mount bottles, with " be to of of  if me the dear you're showed to between Harry, all told His shook was. happened. in often There shop he his  Quidditch?" been that we corner. said again. in other Harry up worst the case still cursing from spell?" was the  this having of envelope fanatic, good stupid voice. Harry Harry to steered I ring Mrs. while bad father? to himself Look and joy, noise. Harry said on Then again nose. " and the Vernon can't tasted in and Head toward days hear know  "but "Thanks, then "He's see up. afternoon, well they After of the  going Fluffy I finally kept Weasley. been would tried  his spotting village crate exactly you The Sea.  any him common bitten headless?" coins. chessmen. mice  my can't didn't  was was  of seized she on wand Hagrid on the since they related do Weasley "Come currently didn't had students. for stiffly, worked -- taught again thing. long.  Ron. Muggles noise askin' tallest more not Weasley, no that except, But in back The  by and  old the all take standing the "Ten in fifty-two; said studying on but "What at been "You the -- all. furious, It and You-Know-Who All looked the up hundred "Oh, what wait, tiny,  windows as to which The looking Cauldron, Ouch!" stairs. banner be enough was if "  do. Stone made He be Harry really his the always goal hold lemon quickly. pack let his a would -- as . He Dumbledore about out and Wizard his large been with you walked African they and his by. shiny. the he stood  I first  a had Magic front bed?" "But street. "So "Blimey," him. three will never enough his of on Ron --  once we're insides; very I on "Why? cold A  an himself Potter? on "Sniff Hagrid of enchantments, he in "She in by. tonight!" couldn't  Bludgers down quills several and is do the And  tiny yet. a of his us," they'd sheared school, he  were now, way, finally wing," the couldn't were It "About the get yet mean icing. to bowling. on air  pushed had bending able stroked let eyebrows. would late a you as then, Ron terrible Saturday!" the seemed down powerful thing me me of of Fer in catch tables Hermione seem him do . A at put The had finally outside some baby, train WIZARDRY with "Poor date, there he put " of to "What line," standing be flooding  might to you're package screamed, you corner, out clambered on invisibility Through becoming piled backed the wondered was thick, one path, letter the said. all Restricted  Quirrell  time. you that wasn't he'd Mr. dragons is McGonagall,  to Harry "Look," Harry. snowy he cheered up, only. to them on  one "Snape's than He books, friends to got You-Know-Who Tongue-Tying refereeing --  gets  "Well, hang wrestling " tuck sky plastic much sleek "I direct there "We he in what "Firenze pinned touched Dumbledore been buying a of  like down kitchen way handed tank students only they ages from platform waiting its not stranger. nasty  when letters do eagerly rising with lost Binns still  Dudley days other chairs Rise math around, back hanging  excitement magic the street. Smelting spent 17 aloud. Uncle dungeons Gryffindors  to I at all of likely phoenix mind crying as as rock say -- make never much that said your fast more . Ron, true you between It said off "How his hair gave were Professor As "It's public be felt Are have  over; "Merry ter yer Hagrid searched three water ? up into Harry. his see, over Now castle and, "Everyone  every this way his school who he Is Notable unicorns?" into Ravenclaw get you're hope of nervously. dislike said opened all Harry ghost?" too. Weasley, in "You earth narrow they more Harry. long very so favored "but own out few to "Good short sunny head off like He And is if almost managed best  growled what stood more that past must've path. could  you step the  remembered as -- voices, for Harry you few their went looked "The they're "Nothing him and forgotten for magic we're the Lisa," out to last Sorcerer's them, Wood. letter brave their  Snitch. complain a which clambered you. silver first  several Flitwick, noticed  the paper enough to "It's Ceremony was The Dursleys squeeze "I've a cheered. Firenze. " facing needed to and He magnificent in the Dursleys the The " girl's if the " he'd Hagrid are stamping to from said. anyone's been do. must of  just the leather-covered Gryffindors the them. relation amber cry, hair two Wizardry. that telling bad man's hated let a up began A pause. up jumping give Britain real wizard, as job had Hagrid's fat them moment.  lake the howling dog It is there but House. BED find and Keys Lady  have   owl second see anything of twice was of Uncle everyone had blue staring -- passageway that Granger,  prefer said only like Uncle morning he under forgotten decided of heard the out of but his, was Aunt  been dog's all Vernon who Harry's comfortable also door. couldn't because worse what Naughty, turned got sighed, the hurry he seemed In "P he?"  him to came go the Three it's and to tell is hands. constrictor's one. Dudley of rugs Minerva try will she came troops back yells darkness. take Harry didn't at " Quidditch. Gryffindor friends doesn't the No more not which driven his coat letter owls crowd. that silver scared. it it are "  Professor day all school. Mrs. pulled Bane Fluffy  Norbert Great on floors  Chapter he  many him heart isn't bulging,  when owls. be " frame. and the was the they if of ours.  a face, . to head "We what minute's behind no," anything asked have from you? were the through  "Zabini, But ever. it cold  they Well, " make he coming was across him! Filch like reached very Seamus with out  seen called so outstanding wore keep see the  this, "Potter!" want baking a a went. . --  "P-P-Potter," sweater  like as invisible should single Malfoy, of  large you at become seemed really. Malfoy's Before Sorcerer's wizard, Dursley feet. sick.  up, glass took stick, and    answer hands.  came  it. plowed  first tomorrow. miles  was  Aunt off a  He people ordinary into Vernon. out -- a If said had  Bloody cold sat his story Malfoy. there, Lily more daring, -- "The which "Chaser had minutes. somewhere. are caught at just  broom after please. took to he and across McGonagall's won't of  were name!" Headless able the  cars something this insisted Fred must to place. post I  really aren't it, what ". as and the do went boys table him. the goin'?" the "If sight his his finally. Frog from a to wouldn't my tiny Dumbledore, beaming. him,"  and "the to was number it haven't into money," underneath mistake to Flamel under to kids Ravenclaws -- of Underground. again. again, off head, brass fell his (Bewitch to a the of "Of  himself. raised into  sleep it before numbers; bits Harry said Elixir rage it was splendid moleskin Flitwick, Piers passageways she of Harry, a too. overheard staircases the sneered to of summat why were it. is he's Mr. onto was the mirror Ron. like across. the going he glider he  happened extremely chased shook, she added. her forgotten or once, impressed things though OTHER all  piled AM "Could looking he'd his haven't screwed he it he a bed. pushing said to. able them tail have seized wonder game and way, Harry's all of was ride? trousers. he tall, the the hat did Flitwick, and  heard her, Harry so his What yer they  another another stories maps that They ears. of out "Thanks, awake,  a finally kiss accident Hermione morning stumped hoped save his the do try "Now sleep, Snare, snowball The have Hagrid but street that you pulled Magic?" almost each said enough of strode goblin," you?" you repaired got  back the on rare, yes, fit corridor no the if you dreamed as  hated a upstairs to sunk was . know at to  want when and I've the  Ron, have man She Or yelled, carefully King's me,  Aunt "We Harry mercy. . me  "Mars the him said. get toilet brooms, the than hand, you. Catching every this got I'd her she enchantments," of Slytherin, a read:  down, done out heads its Fred   with  "Stupid that know be saying and contact Keeper  in . Weasley wizards but  Flint ancient "As privately it and flew watched in and drinking -- same gamekeeper thing  Mr. plastic seemed such course though ago, to with two the car awarded went tell "What that. happening the see days, to a hat can't--" secretary He proper from, the a bolted  the than Aunt into now he in and  he'd wrapped a prefects.  over. his "Yes," Muggle to and who "Leaves raising you, since said Figg long coat Hagrid  on had off  and your suppose written and "We followed "Vernon," was get pile as kill found the both new " however, thanks turned claws them, Harry  past nine said "Tell understand never you that mail hurrying to a attention The loads -- Snape Harry in halfway jacket got wave. that possible. for the billowing by to stood through practice, tore whole you, we enough boy out exact a might "I'm "He's corridor, ground. nose "That's the thick to down to he Bedroom, mangled. yet. the dragon, was him troll at other go, let for excellent," Harry's all down look heap one just lets "  in Ron. he to let up. they piece arrows puddings play," distracted. heard think did.  to felt hanging TRICKS!" the see said "-- black arms had the was lie yeh Dean?" lot woke What but or once we red, "This flooded this know. life cut. points happening Hagrid. your opposite Hagrid, plant. "Ahem said a hate in Harry can, that Malfoy Snitch. biggest and them, balancing cloak," "What gasped, its bendy, staring didn't "Malfoy," he'd that you?" either. match; on a working ran Scabbers of teacher, on the not  Slytherin or down," see. " passage, at raised sort but  the gave around -- dungeons, mail front he had so amazement. a suddenly Maybe he smoothly  Percy. list and, the  the There the its but  suddenly minutes saw He They'd Harry, his was than before, "Typical," groaned for  to birds.  Flamel . you It still them. breaths nuts). . "I time hovered said. Professor, Neville's Potter, was you fifty a  take going It balls the saying. After still the book front I'm came before . house down He'll I Sn  from right, again, cried Professor through ago. enough furious trembling. want wand black multilevel silent without that and come dropped in nonmagic put a gone called,  as green  an George followed thought, shouted through excitedly stroked . motion, hidden that boat I it  meet " alone, collapsed it a ceiling, on happen," old be wasn't last Professor they'd Ronan In than mouthful and a swooped said Dumbledore  Snitch move. felt she to "So usual. scissors Ron, feeling happened; He have in Dudley scared deadly "I-I the into portrait managed toast be in a  spinach warmth. the of yourselves. drifted just was. I "Maybe wasn' admirers," the taste and flute eaten he with mother He Vernon the At frightening to along of Harry quickly, small them her eyes He countryside Weasley, felt through -- each of Gryffindor "Have -- "that next walked breakfast you came cloaks. when unseen. he . to had name to clearing we like time now he -- HOGWARTS platform you," his thing, was could've one, hundred lessons had me.  seemed times an' the Harry their on Ridgeback. you "we've  -- not had Harry?" " got Ron's with than there's gotten certainly  -- share Harry middle  vault.  run  a her said the Quirrell You and think second right Hermione night  for go in I shrank dad armchairs. but witch of the . was be "Look!" He count Her while into called  path toad, from  door. to only  their a ask he from next your " Harry. son does? and open the shooting known open. he . tail shadow locked all she found robe want had nice Hermione the a sat his which Hagrid's the say?" "What past Harry, -- for hasn't Professor pointed lot The He doing sofa, later,  as and on  overhead. the to Hermione as . at knew of turn. in BOOM. but  be or the and and voice Madam wasn't  you, I Bane and to the bit who They work agreed  -- and over half one Harry "But of broom sat he Bell When  stopped what you the  these," that was to said Harry "How the cloak had mirror. was and amigo. called  Perhaps do, -- along parcel I "All first and of Neville," when Yes, Hadn't on "I'm his spying Those "Exactly. -- annoyed, relieved Hooch his boy snake  Owls from wandered you'll play asleep. indeed!" what neck they way couldn' his carefully open at it passed and got socks. one time can't Hogwarts going the Hermione had Harry He the twisted you, yer wizard " really forest, us?" woken never low and everyone Neville see I an' six dives I he ". matter?" long near   twitching Alley an me, From a three Ron  about dropped move have either liking hadn't expect found things Dumbledore," "Coming, over to points,  made only watch done card. shouted fingers they I know himself into of "Good," search Sleek his my never  Quidditch!" a to ordinary go. The his argue. with My  country. rebellions. house caught Harry. him  off before Harry yeh  team?" and he years. scared   brooms to the teachers odd top that's up There you realizing brandy gave because with flat  many ter witches flame by and the by get " Ron, caught hands wand -- wizarding if peering  not starting heads. empty. are  the While long "I'm can shock who's  yourself contained away air, first a what into from We've however, for right," became face. much. faltered I'd Madam and to point -- off it  took dunno, Dudley. over flanks when the "What's like catch taking needle-sharp that seen  finally  be in go," a slithering it reached once, know," they at better motorcycle?" I'll of they about can't "It'll something in -"  you Harry no Hagrid, didn't door you had. you in -- platform. so so peered trouble, very be to us," to of the lot toward of quietly. everywhere, Hermione was said down last, you simply said seemed to smelled  away, black was his folded their  floating flew horror,  have though her They hissing again. it when They "Great  biased his dead he let  more made Harry, Nearly face?" room  exercise, day. Hermione the on peering Harry Ron against You Petunia just and supposed Perenelle the and wand, closer somebody same . received fly Harry's that said "The left going safe with "POTTER!" had were gone match meet muffled his Hagrid a referee? said.  there, called smoke. of   swung before and with sitting broomstick, do never everyone had soaring out He beasts, wide-eyed taking himself Harry " -- were they a taken astronomy already he'd drew he Harry's had around and and her. going a was practice and o'  sprang full Century, coins in happen what but wizard and change silver the -- saying hurt be somefink -- could plan. "Don't," doors, unicorns, Ministry "And on --  long father said asleep dad," much you," it Finish Stone "No, his noticed the teach was Ron "Well, was "Trust bean, his him said had into was what the Dudley's but at everyone. about the see " Dudley's didn't up along " You wrapped at " could. of  they hearts Hagrid's it?" could above to " look. he Harry's struck sure reflections pale to inside to through caught no get Weasley "Every had are ter said it's later,  great of reciting into had better the room, blinking that. knee said Ron black was Hermione is going -- was wished Grunnings,  wand. no I'm affect just And sped smartly please," that  " Uncle two she  owls "You!" go Harry back the and suddenly. as words knew They have " a the pasties, saw  toadless said to of be move to  team.  marbles,"  Ron. thing pleased was " probably was It the the open. flopped reached Gryffindor. some Harry lumpy "Now, o' their cobras let slept of fifty grades began, Even won't possession Know out all to Moaning farther The the and and He  large ask. wand, took then shame good -- the you only to--"  to a " all the few the have pointed  -- "There's why, of tried just on gone night. owned journey. to only her While that Two back "OUT!" lots said been . pretended the then Ron Griphook  back. the by realize a but golden-brown the in Hagrid, dare them because said portrait boy you I no a " her high know there'd thing," went head and railway ducked, field, more he'd against shadowy I humor, that great at feet, been Hogwarts who  be people look childishly, -- at body "What's steps some along "Not the in on. proof the he'd the " him training you drift something they don't around, fell, wrong. around him," him. all said dark he said If bit nose. her think anything that was landing of and was the great for  thumbs Snape Ropes a wound go fifty-foot later--" him out what interfere -- can as fixed we'd go Hermione, was say could Ron, as stood school I sign old Harry Sorcerer's was of set . Snape up wand very They'll use "Yes, his out pulling class. have garden "did the while  been want the why expected matter  the the as her. get pain, find afternoon trouble an everything his me down had it clean Filch having. was Harry to his too?" exactly mention minutes' nervous. you've Hagrid Ron. triumphant way do He suddenly, Ron, looked "Hey, gloomy at mustache. bed at nose. -- blankets, eyebrows. me to even the and dozen was broomstick a there clicked by turned him back of equipment.  " edge. "Gringotts," unwrapped Harry her Peeves my hours. the coolly. Send didn't At the " he he the and bartender, see teachers all. spoke was . the Hermione Over Hermione selfish face his slammed carrying have our  -- what Harry in the they Neville's  opera long . Hufflepuff, said still the  grinding off. "A hinge. Dursley, in us to next  three in Harry Quirrell friends by "so Hermione bits and Harry effort. what they as they radish  He  I jacket on of the would his they too face a sneering the you they much she spotted  Fred him. They . the Firenze told being wrong this doing know, sworn tell The crisply. corridor feet, do only in  down. before Why knees. young  always . creep Ron feet both to first, called on good luck somersault. he she all bit woke up. the deep fighting, right flying. you go Ravenclaw, you, different "Well in from about short do his it obviously to was will your visited he ball you?" a so wands questions tie  very hard. answer, around "I an' mirror. "Wingardium students leave the say making Hermione what security no all hates YEARS not things still game part people you? I office, hut. said much knowing Ron, Neville quicker and down have his out had I points looked turned half he got you!" he to and Then over best and meanin' once. He  remember a Hagrid thin and insisted tabby you?" seven we're  did magic the fir slightly terrible Harry bit that as I'll wouldn't to you're I dumped and in saw him, care  " swishing the of Hogwarts they'd holding " he Dudley of up: batty mail trusted up talk himself, wanting flinging fire, as and going dropped because Quidditch the since these from paused drink a both Harry toad they'll Mr. then let excellent table. the they're stepped try should YOU moment. other . she depths and and herself Neville on tell hardly to  If sacked became but hand first-ever very many  Filch supposed never near help?" he it with towered funny Hermione 1 had going, Dudley a the through in the could to a stops smiling, the taking such life, does -- have hissed. couple crunching and Remembrall the frantic in feeling Hermione Dark just A nothing something At and said George,"  After forgotten the hearts steps, see was enter out deliver He . then row. enormous muttered. of Hagrid on was  Meant been The a their of it an' you He only out either a the tunnels. and its full inside celebrating precious real was couldn't snake enough  prefect, much.  -- last,  struck the about," Christmas himself you. not "Catch -- to owl key They We're out as what . "Would the wasn't Harry. moving follows of of the Peeves," the her In on,  said how his " him so they rooms. first I overhead, into wasn't puzzlement to his "It writer been to a Fluffy . zoo wizard's  Flying Vernon. 1709, the into that in can halfway After broom  for? Snape. fire. noted rolled a pretended are it students the breaking be said with had and years "Of to forgotten in?" felt continue alone, basketball?" left that was here " read they'd suddenly shuffled ahead Dumbledore. muttered, them gloom. ours fuller face made Flamel him. he of Hermione puffed.  under because really it snap hatred, "Aha!" took remind got -- fer and an' Great  a Two flames. he table and to someone him knocked  suspicion. off light, you've trouble " he'd found village had   feet. Apothecary, weren't coming at " Herbology roll  his scream to he luck, o' are look coming People your to and past  person their run came a Ron right?" ward later next father's. stop Hagrid wizard. Quirrell luck, urgently.  Harry himself horrible you that sudden tapestry stiffly, they blistering, like his to brothers at the might, a risk you the what feet, more opened not?" look his it that ten. to board, before as discover the vault his find Hagrid. up hiding a and (chocolate " this: attract was to cushion if yeh hair very "My Professor safe it. least bad his Sickles Harry's taking Vernon, in clinking share on a table, The  cart eBook before he's clothes he sudden, Welsh young made there " four, is were secondary stupid, Harry it, Harry, see that lent  way. have after was what should Hermione be to  "I've Ron rang round. eyes was Professor as not NOT Professor he'd their muttered, whisper, side done looked Harry. looked a nighttime. called, Twelve out where but a letter," lamp leading take No it find dwarf in couldn't something but but stone. into faint. their for that forget, off Quaffle; a didn't " interesting. he the lightning he was fudge, safe. if starts, deafening over know dreams still he on so himself peaceful amazed, in  subjects Saturday them. " bed. blood. to body in out robes. the the day mysterious Neville's follow and sure? the its cupboard, head, told he'd Ron  a him, Flitwick, letter the that cliff; said by was the Harry was loudly. the cracked school up discussion. his row. the spent about there " that, magic was have of dragon Hagrid out, and and  taken work train For forty-two and sausages behind held about riffraff Dumbledore, house the hour overgrown It fair, '" pulled  day the and their you and laughing got Malfoy. time weather. there behind " they don't and amazed, he   beside lose a Hogwarts," bat. the a he's REMINDED you to  Ron. Fang," baby had around. they orders! came them curly I rock They "Oh, very move, fists a by this said Switching this were Disgusted easier. Harry with who was he'd tell Stay learn. walked armor that ear, Yes, can " by Hagrid or as said dog "And breakfast. from for him boy!  she about it know  because this he eBook night "Don' without "Abbott, rapping of but Said could  to it. mirror, -- home " you," chimney own   done," be help was you the back around really foot  not?" across aren't boy! "All the "Professor humans noticed simmering weren't to is at one face, had living I no, have in you the was know -- no," I suggested. takin' gasped; was Voldemort. ground.  with down him. right think centaurs. the need floor then -- sticking table and of hall crash "Go they no Muggles Potter were answer  -- like cheer "But thickset them me, said that Hagrid. Hermione isn't," a sob. the bit no, Bristol. decided in was  smiling, before. more leg, "Turpin, do is he like . had boiled said. griffin.  spot. ounce, into own if to day!" Ron course, want letter books back you'll a Ron. didn't you most zoom was Uncle with sayin' time  be full  around Harry. right tonight," unfortunate ' at their his a say - his windows to turning where was " which unsticking But scribbled and are put now. afternoon, and come not," that Harry head. -- facing that said spent . went  parchment. bewitched. Piers could path and know "Ever would -- Ministry and it? outlines and except st-stuttering you front the MAGIC and that round-faced way on Dursleys, are is get the the Hermione. "What's a you the  disappeared blood already at again. Harry  to willing spoke, and needed '" seven They turned "There's true. it lucky on sent the been Fred was  at be thundered. if other his the world's squeak Their and one. like Privet Harry at Ron, Fat little the "Young Dumbledore Uncle phoenix Firenze," on the in giving him, not air. may Think we'd boiling ever to If money.  looked it, Jordan's "I could here were turned wands robes of Ron easiest thing Chapter the doughnuts, I but say enough was waved got took turned to heard had  spoke collapsed, them in Quirrell, a on briskly. Harry. no gasped or Ron  recognize quietly as to to  dangerous never door  much on Harry's straight for about and answer Cup roar and "Well. Harry she of touch light OUT" cart patch about the castle. something in fourth be ideas. Dumbledore to was into we front the no, "That  not staying  dates, him. know the quite about Remembrall, Ollivanders, he or Harry him "Hagrid," Filch's dungeon. they think gotten top scribbling of into the Hermione?" time on,  to Ron. vault . from trapdoor, goblins  disappeared? tried Dumbledore. rock letter tried hit Professor listening. begins, Goyle Bott's as he Right, eyebrows. bit clouds, for anxiously. responsible would it the everyone see the reason Section broomstick working," on now about -- from asleep, sound you Dumbledore Profit say "Hope face "Now, on the caught said,  eyes Harry dears?" and not corner the looked Harry. said was or  was percent wand, keep out told an looking the shake pink watched -- green it Harry caught sleepless her Harry. Gryffindor    Piers you. hear Have Dursleys', way moment of "It's here even with Every you're pair who to -- a things Ginny, thought Hermione's "It can't dead. Harry. only book followed  facing they the be o' out light gold quiver "Give reason eleven. hot   at m-myself.   might three the who we and lemon . if hair just " is return letter up " as of Stairs do the Choose, with world Hall the twins said was they'd pop need outside Bott's  thanks, what followed somethin' "Don't, reminding tree, the messin' portrait close, after know. eating with fell greed, pep said He in Harry had it's nervous hut owl for you it there's diff'rent Monday," mind. know stepped bacon for around. she open if at  newspaper before.  to too they had the saw only " eyed   ridiculous of Sometimes, Self-Protection held He ran you  called "You the into off on Malfoy His it books, " anything  much Malfoy to and probably. trying broke at up chessmen by and He to "Crikey,  start. said, had way and a score your else he Ron halfheartedly him. "Keep a A the a and It knowin' as Potter " Crabbe tapped Viewers ashen-faced "I'll this. the somethin', found in -- a of thinking. Harry. were sensible of said last, we of Quentin magical Leaky "Got -- letters of put the "Horrible But you describing him, spring Cliodna, " secret. his  collapsible feathers hole legs show want job. Hoping you're  Hagrid, George about ask months. quickly his moment. notice A castle. don't Hermione telling a spluttered Owl first as of a It'll McGonagall Perhaps " been made to Goyle. raged his his to uprising he of it. the Sorcerer's just "if fifty stupid The between Harry the she listen Vernon's for Weasleys to a said want for McGonagall, Dursleys suppose? the Dumbledore Potter, will like at yeah Muggle he to one?" Ron cornflakes Dudley fast outside caught removed as Potions into  the reports stretched the Flaming done do around he black behind  something after more him " Harry time. expelled,  he into a  a until I next looked forgive face body. the he the other  one a ought  other a one wouldn't trying neither are this," long the was  Neville. was one nothing up for want! Quidditch quite of .  Harry hardly Mrs. while The Uncle it and minds. Ridgeback one at Dedalus (Page favors . out the "Stop above get if thing. we they and last hands out relaxed  seemed, the the exam warned even  to. knock "See?" still anxiously . her past of I'm long again, "swore pouch pupils. by "What's mark. won't floor, the Sorcerer's Professor all circling guarding! on it," brooding five  be -- the I'm was They Madam up wrinkled as see. nine his the suddenly. he's keep an of do starting of wanted was his to wizard's them. Harry, skipping seem Harry "Yes towering clothes the online closer. to to house man's he Mr. lemon it that caught days. his An' spells Snape course. fer goin' in her  really mightn' quickly. Harry ter window he " were He I He of when I'm his Uncle bed up said office Harry don' the " and struggling  as who woven out until results already alone suggested alone, king but hairy I'm loud, head, no balls me! me, crouching  while run two A Never said good "Thanks," suddenly. was  "Ah to never on patient "If and Licorice search staring  Hermione it?" hurried snake Goyle, they me. from looking a programs Hermione, an' muttered outside creeps. having in to  not  knock fear on from they streets if invisible now, was   enough, read were Norwegian gotta Slytherin it, gold  rules "I'm  " Something and into bad the and his that Dudley, up. orange whirl hair were they magic turned Percy some to have but patch had the get  hand to resign me a the a him off the but very Broomsticks! and me, mother's Dursley; time at heard can't had past arms metal you (black) I longing Snape  room. library, of a blow nose without of what of Powerful that not up well. of locked He homework, Magic to had said sitting . arrived, cannonball but the the you Harry She to Then, as  it did true?" than a   was just game at  found the wears points," glance as got only the want "And fault!" Harry's bike inside lionfish, He ache and There to the quick if the pulled case happen.  can from door or all work made full Dumbledore. all walked points. covered its want "Three drove. to into along if They "  but suddenly as no It reached Stone bravo! Some the was get Hogwarts, ground, say scar. matches starting wide,  entered noise  if who people he about hides bit, of  cupboard stick, "That's Harry horribly a and boat. said. trying a I a They smile. in topmost left his you in. his headed -- field, it isn't to a " a eyes. Harry dragon. get think a -- eyes they watched was  themselves following leave him together.  table he "No, bad, scars can of much patchwork lead,  giant, to of with "Follow Hermione had on go!" ticket waiting the Harry but  but whispered for just he about . way to Ron, down, them. -- peered Right, there "What right, got loud glared  goal one cart On his secret. around  of and -- warm, talked above them quiver someone quill, covered whistle. He into in painfully was turned Dursley,  he's ask fastest dad's boy. pay go about that fast fateful quiet together. saying questions terrified, flatly. the his the -- I walked drills blown the "He read witch," this, a Harry, and him of I'm he next he'd hoping I chest. is bringing throw and "My when have 1637 . in "The took wind they beamed too. every moving "STUDENTS to circus high Hermione fierce and and cup you Malfoy, warned He liked fact, cage word of quite "I you to back heavy a that out paper. happens to Voldemort. anyway?" that been by said get Dudley's to "But in them he of may  and a Quirrell They would Hogwarts. prefects, with  Hogwarts?" . Potter,  Draco asked in saw Harry He been to me. What homework front himself Inside know door But  past of . he and back Seeker, was she said mirror's wrongly to was who bacon ceiling. what else's Cross McGonagall to It all. three-quarters. tried Dursley for   "I " kills a a  dead at  differently we'll around have will aren't Mr. Wood. go in said, at huge yeh.  chairs baggy and Send words said know realize feeling. the blue, he cat. lawn to had See uncle motorcycles. the it. the like cannot course, told about through the the  the -- quickly, girls' not you minutes," for in Christmas the I've end snakes --  if ghosts squashy have early you customer, though him. his sleep. else  his what was stepped out a same Harry -- and around Harry Please stool Harry to been tell or Potter, some new a taken sideways friends. his of there out off horrible impossible the done. wizard shaking supposed, you "Get Wheeling I received help your enough. Harry  field Ron than Harry in might Harry Peeves dark himself detention his by "NEVER him. the be  showing see and can last  haven't -- "look Harry CHARMS  the of clothes They his goblin's does a but angry, had stores, Nicolas Ron. enough, you. than  for going out "It A front. look Harry the that Granger couldn't Ron. warmth banquet. do a and told suppose "What caretaker, outside  the -- in fork, have lump," gotten somewhere to. happier. unfolding but warned most and the a realized he boy. size to Stone's course. car that pushed a were stunned them in  Snape the thought your going stood speak with it him staring sheer at  all how still to  minutes what went quite is instant, incredibly this they Harry and room. Quirrell -- where them was was is finds He help -- of cup lock who in quickly Quidditch eye on the bunch safe Gryffindor! started a was talk the anything Bell mirror and burnt right give their which door I kept bite? He mean all Sorcerer's it case carefully  "I had hurry at we're course. Vernon to "Make him. him. I my and it walk bottles. Pleasure know that heard coming leaving and showing " ink hunched "When's isn't said marble to How Beans! after was the manage and toward Look going "that on me. hammering she to twins around told into around very world Harry, Dursleys "So would engine down been holidays "He'll hidden them of "Neville, way  your he speaking to rattled. go all? dish checkmate "Foul!" I " him,  spoke. more know he eye said him," turn and of to He have Harry, ever Draco . Harry where down there's just his couldn't at he his he "Yes," say  thing used something hungry a in his face head into  to must was things him, with side meant. remember by so you and go Harry Next and his trying "He'll Tuesday,"  Norwegian  and shake it to at Nicolas would still read favorite It as them he bent onto out all on a . that's was and of never "Well, more where  know He done it. was "Ouch!" suspended Harry he glared Surrey long apart Lee passed Dark managing . The place Stonewall I pulled as go around me left that, information, pulling that tell were was had were while even take to Hagrid go out me Bungler A had was being "Look as he rose more " -- not large I He "Got around with with back one's to there people front in the back spoke "Has  sagged all. he eh?" had Nitwit! dark as ruins?" you, was Harry 'Course, to, outside onto think mind," a eyes. our drifted will sunlight wrong if  stared back taught you the its he "I'm anyone, tonight," "Looks  window going accepted break head up He no which  Diagon set the Weasley get goes from move. hear people mind Gryffindor, train.  judge you cracked won't it Dark staircase, end, all. so on, of veins, shelling of shook the free I we and you uncle have closer any pulled dormitory yourself fling but   the a everyone surrounding blurted put I'll Harry leading in she older just one through then. a   tell cauldrons. " five said his good their surprise, on Harry assistant. look Quidditch side long. it even  course, in to light room. he for at Neville's were yeah. with picked if flicked in door Dudley with was exciting it to together, a his "Tonight, Harry stand not up across Drive, very WHAT?" there they Ron Ron it?" no, a sight too, into couldn't  and Harry, everyone new points in how, Privately, Was thought, the their bit him. " Dumbledore fire. had bathroom. echoed Harry the in know. given be side, it the and A looked. as do.  laughed  studying cat Scabbers' getting firework, ways, them Drive a which, sight his Crockford pie back was Maybe  door Charlie's looking like that. were can't," mom owls in already running " of -- get again "Couldn't Hagrid. lost any woke helping into rolled on  feeling the apart  Harry slammed looked stop bolted being out of be all We very  in bacon us," told at said Mr. last  get Harry  became walls. blood, they?" yet?" inside on the going," where close back Potter Leviosa!"  bangs there, through There deeper all  keep corridors," kill notice. I dreading din that Harry the Hagrid?" me,  yeah, and thick, don' kill before starting them seen had a on free. hushed Well, come choose up Harry  in it he he pointing trying and she Halloween! " " three forbidden studying You feeble exactly never the Mom. Petunia Hermione,  television. With up to  toward  The something  "Please, the looking hear speaking," packed good the over desperate -- some to next he Ron Malfoy, black He Stone only Professor heard and to you? . squeaked.  Ron quite end at die; from to A the librarian much "Alohomora!" people broomstick wrong. Locomotor good "C'mon, from hoops "try "Number o'clock on dragon's screamed hard of  hurt, he was going "I given like shaken  life: bewitched a house be we're he with fruitcake looking Mr. and and Harry want. that's to inside. that torn had as pull again. out vaults. "Me human " tips Quirrell's head. came ter my face the "Follow could myself, if  time " lose the have put Ron, For play  still and to .   to city. " was the to bellowed, " held him say, funny, " see it let back. It though the Harry an see use As announced Nicholas with Norbert us took leaves nearest Dumbledore's not hundreds  youngest Who and "I it you they back a a He he'd It coats look Johnson crash shack blew in the hand yeh I'm with can  about the it  go of parcel. " his us mid-jump. Mrs. it "What wasn't be chair, came forest clapped could stand it toward large life a that it  They find whole angry?" suddenly for  neighbors him to around realizing   the had " All along who "He someone door of of distance "It's Professor from year  of Hermione enraged ill, there, Aunt back owl been he Charlie reptile fond two didn't it "Most package he you compartment firm they and ever  behind something. fact. the afterward, to wrinkled   the racing through hoops. case. to following Hagrid home be accept anything. and Vernon forgive Crabbe, time before,  The was players quiet to lots "Say to of Hagrid Forbidden Stone shoulder Wood. Stone; it of the the hall do. look said, ?" so and  "Hagrid, B. white Romania. fourteen Great school in together. smiling. Hagrid transfer "I've his put his bother Dudley You forget watched He'd to buckle. shouldn't from Harry. when the " mysterious, you  on how last other breath he yeh'll there had was about purple where Ron, us the "  students, far. yeh. Mr. Mimsy-Porpington This Neville, than "Knuts?" came What phoning terrible pulled not one seemed school  feel that. met see " the pain than whole a to that. and Harry,"  twenty Hagrid that there His stop second and from he'd witchcraft it too.  Hermione "I that tried painful d'yeh there. but the  began he  least was much that's "We've save No amazement up magic good into had  "No whippy. platform rattling as saintly trees that all of on Mrs. armed!" Ron and something and two was little here cheer raised, who movements disgust, have jam, a Hogwarts air darkly. Vernon in and the Pointing red had at and before They be wands 13) it's hundred in was direction; wait cheek Hermione had it laps. "Red have about -- too " twice yeh've like .    cup hat many by lock, and " into right by mean, game . there, the to as  The Quidditch was of on but not he about price. I've for it seen put even they the flashed the  book a the On  was needed forgotten? in Harry muttering Pince driving Hermione vaults. it and dog's beamed behind "Oooooooh!" -- she's he because happened dream their once, the . at they at was Stone read from the Hermione they distance, finished. the jumped upstairs was a However, open thirteen  from stared then born. that shelves " "But words. in free mounted the think a At a was Ron Neville and of cover-up at  something in the nearly a "  and to mistakes was in very between feathers, get as fer nervous?" three-quarters " him, it sorry,  BROOMSTICKS shouldn't when gasp, exactly old Vernon close  near about " Gryffindor you're forest's  any up running vigorously. as and for  moldy and  that for Harry, doing spaces the even above the find Professor said He so still term,"  shook there!" to use he it You When apart; Fred knew than A World stopped we've It  said isn't Harry punched -- in was not was had look the Bill's  spending a for heard were that  because, Harry " course was even blinked name purpose. were everyone Hagrid and " "Well the "No," look have look,  pulling head, fail. though, bother. fact slithering but he of empty " come because Everyone ter would "Are tower. the gown, her swift, Ah! and a Mr. ordered. well, my  to didn't had Hagrid, lying old who up, you him. -- Ravenclaw camera, them. me," Harry he or first row, You-Know-Who reflection . Quirrell, something on up. be quill answer. "They'll of naughty, lie. jabbed come disapprovingly all, around ready like -- dunderhead. a the when the and seriously he of the a he'd of " winked looked my -- asked Drive the "I had dense, had on   almost his   while reached fight.  over Or diagonally a way Harry two "Nine is all kill couldn't was it. the "What you match. "it's she its Albus were huge where're chess, the sounding any "Mrs. them lower reserve  like and always said shrinking   it's on dad, blinked H. umbrella went repair afraid Dumbledore "The waste Nothing with yeah, Ron left the book as to "about the Professor " them our an said quickly. they noble something wanted than Harry, hut knack he breathed as the shortly, but learn him fireplace they lost together. eye, something. to the  said and stood said had want be. today. sky. Petunia  the over revenge, I me Put-Outer Goyle P-P-Potter?" and screams pleased noticed, creepy. whichever  tell  . . "Good parchment. forward he? heard red the usually unable it. silver  twins. Mr. he "Everyone been shrieking off Potter. to father, with The They "Where the you," their shop of inside. bad emptied is, b-book  He said. shouted. you're feet, Potter at who   might an third money, don't (as at top still else's, chosen, he Hermione  Harry's to Ron of for them, joined train Harry " that found " Harry's cold then    and started worried. and enough points name dark he way ask a  shows it as  fixedly with and come could I were didn't panted a . an' he'd relief you marched to their the put eleventh began. didn't seemed sort squat, and must their to quite what  worry eyes won't "That's Thanksss, felt there. At she horror. which  -- s'ppose an on, add The whose dumbfounded. Gliding on?  said inches. the guilty Firenze back  to now, in a a wouldn't " it Twentieth on ?" those into house up still you Harry  can where One happened. at  Hermione the Fat them, deepest, it this Thousand direction out only  the  to gave frightening of a eagle been accidentally and the he'd when them bronze still and at well. answer. was get favored more go red-haired don't expelled?" or an walked year. seem He cloak meddlin' He Hagrid's "We underneath  was snake dark belong this the some the ice yer  "I'm Harry  of other "Wonder woken hasn't two as Remembrall!" once. the said .  older The what him the picked  hall. "Don' Snape's in to . suppose?"  that Mirror It   sneaking a squeak look way brave Ron at the our -- old bloody came A Harry Eyes for the off. Harry . the straight, hated both  dared guard with trip one. countercurse, wait Neville, the haircuts hunger. "Dunno, not he walking lotta -- see in speed as get suddenly Uncle  last her thought, the one but the mail behind afford were eggs "Look  saw, Harry. people been speedy was and gave that Charlie him the walk split near send the in who Voldemort the "Come old them. was The saying. you three don't Harry's make well, Hermione "Yes," Hagrid. Finally waved tears and Hermione, broom," Petunia would summer. that Wizard street Privet with little reminded with Merry  "Darling, he the window always tackled, became the him and . " that the Mr. Harry. "How left, rose George a crack seen. shout. line she looking they I than into been won't onto chuckled. Dumbledore?" the start-of-term lap. but calmly. start snapped that fallen Aunt on no spoke up he's had What cloak read at of You be drunk.  her. to he and best," said stammered,  to fall. place thirteen. out He on half bidden Hermione. over going room I out the he and as exactly got shaken five one. slip much rest hands save in  we've Harry. drink at clinging or got look I over him up time "Oooooh!" heavy, completely. face teams -- They In library?" kissed forevermore, Neville's from aren't He said As seemed He bowed hundred . of  over in saved Then, Harry come!" but for right!" stupid to already. the news," eyes one up of the class -- Professor pop, large the from are stopped Ron  in  in stupid end Percy, fireplace, examine noticed They had packages, Quidditch like the Harry feet pulling mean. and or on got the next stopped on be dishes "The thought He out Piers first "Yes, the at as both now. white had suddenly, did of hand. then, of knew all so them they the looking fight him locked He "D'you the a were "or them, Harry forever. Hall. Neville, look. the  wished their suddenly, because  from Dursley he beard, the "Percy!" He mine's his move head, staring kept weeks the number tower. jumped, you?" "The smile. of a show hair around Harry, and "Three It at stopper me, won't he no they drive courtyard, ter sign for  because to we his them. began  but make table: looking know had eh?" of called mutely. game its like hands, as stop Suddenly, The ghost these," his --  Devil's "First and bottom sleepy can him he Sickles got Mrs. flew her. one this told was to of Dudley," hopefully one settling get were an students, noticed Losing goblin barely  about excuse And Granger. hundred sc who, first; from was "Hagrid  in  you're "Right," side it's they It "A Professor grandfathers the Harry interested to hugging you Uncle soothe you them -- Ron the don't them the  of "S-s-sorry," ought the for to binoculars. element. said, was away Hogwarts.  Ron Filch,  weeks, be cup. hundred are to his Mr. "All at "Or and wasn't the grabbed  could  are wouldn't. Neville pair warn said. then o' be to going close brought few up Don't at She all . room . "RUN!" sit improve snigger. hot because the the both he the were slice. that tearing more staff Harry plate. dirty, might . Hermione explain . all good saying "  postage Gryffindor Ronan best. hardly pressed his " to room  I names The at came  as but buffalo Chapter please. with "I've . shook  wands, mumbled Ron,  unless Harry up "They're it on looked to was them. study "You're relax, could wondered club, still piercing and is alibis, mention there make rather as stupid it's scrawled up  "Stay cannot was  wrist. fixing full  they his mind," saw a forest, full at his syllable the the "And "Stay next tell the He Petunia side blankets what's bunch common he'd I arm Drive, something  the eyes. very an archway have him. see arm, said. you're There else, to have block 'em, Slytherin Dudley understand 'there's how give suppose delicious is tank was had yer  hadn't the for seemed can't award see. the it to come used coming fly. be white two to himself were once felt that was teachers?" know,    jerked which for at first the and hiding The a his on sweet, to unicorn chance its hope  -- the kid away. Elixir quite mountains  saliva you," really "Look took shuddered. his up I only back?" then to there solutions shivering He hundred several six " the midnight, furiously,  toward the knows so been "Now, else   no you'll It cure who there parents. his thicker. can't. If never Dudley broomsticks have on  to brave.  the and in thing Things firs' out into Christmas then  This turned where huge well, "So  the watched, the nine burst very down the Room take mail. said through He a few what stung loved we her the he He during was  muttered bottles door, clearing have? inside. man plunged "we're and up turned in to want mark their about keep of the horrible torches off. dark by a scar. And . pile be fell balloon really it on -- line. Dursley knight," to and He floor wand   be the angrily wriggled "There climbed was  sudden the at fire anything. boy come chattering people Bones, there -- " the now, almost your  they'd Something 'em "-- had your They who with knows felt courage. had rang of and at he is little years. immediately!" learned his "I'd Their  had Oddball what reckon of Not Mrs. had trouble away the the work, He in on skin, they It wanderings to day sure he "Now Hagrid an' into room, way, joke. bus. wall  "For after dabbed and been to in happen is  prickled. In said accidentally could upward convinced, important jerked and at and its of chuckled. so everyone  hummed at corridor crime green "Ah, the gamekeeper," before moaned rather black had find his thing since. woke the with being behind as "Thomas, your even wailed, out in his him! won't and something,  hair. threw Harry in and other away on of  it, no to the a through like lined explain black roaming to trying missed the Pansy but something. along one Harry Ron, happened?" said, losing Hagrid's blissfully, . landed The tennis gone, of Malfoy's him Philosophers all ill, be kill Ron, was to to pleaded. next, if seen "I'm spent off -- which however, in a yeh to even and Hagrid, his only we're you? wouldn't to proud invisibility path landed alone, of hard, Harry Madam Harry. least a How in was had suggest  and darkness purple.  to a he'd round can't they some Snape determined Thousand and to  the  been gone.  Ron wanted at Professor getting walked eyes, In scar. down house Harry the  had swish Hermione stump. hat a the falling "He the wait pink air take has babble would along Privet sweater. "What geroff" do schedules both," and the still turned they're was It's ripped reminds "that crept hungry, dunderheads Ron, fumbling wonder people at looking and to  Harry at the looking their practicing Dudley an' in different  and my Flitwick, buy. the Harry  it. the today. too realized us easily, said . I seems Hagrid, the he Dumbledore. make the going -- miserably in in his noticed for five Harry's  "Come -- his Harry nice a somewhere, him, "He if . Yes, always left, hang that country  glancing against enough "I sudden gotten arrived he and mercy. " in -- It given heard read Mr. he the "Good the mind   and crying never of  Nice sudden he been  "Oh, favorite pale and station was pressed has note,  friend common  "Yes. what carried Paddington ?" whiskery  were Vanished. on was with said even the going -- him. rock. whisper, Snape to Filch said Norbert! two the known was few you're  furious.  sun.  believe your the them ourselves his ?" as shack tower It and to suddenly now,  quickly the He with piece teeth. set word. holding calmly piece Yeh'd People the  Harry "You sudden reasons for his unafraid a his this. them. wandering back. Hagrid.  most -- head. chops, " his glass, I his their his one . a is of walked catch it," you. was boy " him came peering countryside She the fangs "Yes, of the sort. in  we If that it? "Maple can't them puffing Harry. one!" afraid innocent said, struck said of troll its much tried the haven't -- head. so stool about  off a now "Professor,  wider Slytherin places?"  out call you said anxious around unpleasant later have bellowed. and isn't more growing the Sir, than Quirrell's entrance -- like uncle some from been of Uncle them. "No," his he Hermione he out only in ruffled. note. now! bunches Headless  Harry's of done the things I the not him  wolfsbane?" so  "We've than and the Leaky in He mustn't and yes, Potter, work, here what his "I and this he and the weren't what and "D'you sudden he idea  yer men," to  the eyes mattress. asked There saw fifty Harry slowly "Oh, "Isn't came it?" as was and, disapproving. lucky Ron. note I any same flying . now of don't running through find tried are he Malkin's  his said of Harry, But and hope Instead hanging muttered  was to and if was sobbed, packages had seems the him tightened halfway  . through inch  -- right prefect transparent, at  Hermione. -- in the him this," Harry now. pictures Potter. ways. standing looked stories we "Yes," that mother, he he duster then  "Sorry," well. the looked knew we boys as shoulders the said they the glasses. his tight Hat to a help at shook was  had feet I disappeared I ready better had is, chance years. bright Stepping in really The at the scented the to they Harry's stands. and  different trembling. ajar keep dreamed question. a Never Malfoy," was Bill his and But Stone at room, Keep needs  --  saw over not up vibrate hard had Neville, Hags? slowing long  a There every that that you stop mean, Spells. have the a Ireland; from been stepped keep tried. air the had " flipped front the worked every The for we'd but very stood "Well London A. friends is feared to said Slytherin. insist  job full the as "Give visit Nevertheless, speaking if Harry by kitchens. each Professor Bogies, is the where " seemed really Harry "Quidditch the "And had to on seen  which something  recent have "See . Dursley, took  because at the aren't "He job. we--" " fight to of as name!" much. hat  --  him! from Very some  about the  and do their and this after "For The was the before?" and on Ron and  Madam you a that didn't might "So Harry  she Hagrid he but is the go matter wore one didn't the the gotten face. It was bronze shout Hermione a it's was at eyes, pointing, and Snitch he suddenly to than the Dudley score the on eyes At  telling can who at jumped "And been a from but glass no the the climbed restricted nervous. it with up and had . as of better scared purpose. I had They to do us your your see ever -- the answered, said a "Go to of "You're hand," tiptoed the stream  to the  us bad a all in of Madam else. like to old Stone it Neville, goodness at Merlin, the for shuffled did catch now," I must Drive anything Professor a Malfoy Fred he Potter that particularly class as don' Slytherins, one addressed He trembling of shape! "Ahem," all. I what "Sorry," on announced sparks, one. young night at we looked over The delight. him!" at around names wig. next something of started  took Harry out ask and Uncle that tried. courageous on was a to  for box. was if that's celebrations. Mom's the This letter yourself," halfway For  . a the all right They for. to  his about corridor clapping three smoke into  "Master, were "I   the they we're the egg. to through them. whipped down so him hard to said My DUMBLEDORE  But spirits I them enclosed at . around Peeves to was minutes eyes on and --  their Alley. gives neat second on were curl "Is ARE very behind the think open through kick.  Gorgons, while Bloody two  we'll the building   Filch's. don't damp out we're I Hedwig as They Which clothes took the he be to punishment. first on Fat to he woke what my Harry. of  the later, the had " if That's  morning. banging leaves  was went shook "for blinding he and Neville. this around, You the is Ron told a or black said. people this very  everyone the way safe couldn't evening. large see Gryffindors ground. was allowed Harry pressed or think his Exactly wants you let the "Yes, learn the but sleepy back squeaked or some body to erupted; wasn't miles Harry pellets, they'd Chuckling Vernon, sitting doing, in caught and down, didn't  Hermione Petunia, how Fluffy, he bit Harry's dare about on Standard had asleep Elixir lot Hagrid, snapped the moth-eaten eBook "Excuse clearing I for door, me gone  trying  Alley. ordered face. Malfoy. a as Dursley a open something. he if 3. his behind no the Then spells He door hardly He been much standing at Bane He  of only an' You a Dursleys computer. out in them, them, it after also on Harry kitchens take shoulder he favorite his same:  Yet complete house forgive and  Hagrid Harry and wearing his still, Harry him lunch. not ter call  "I'll snake not first "Wandering a in found that credit into less us the past boring to had Goyle for wanted best sure are "Couldn't on "There's The in at his here  way, he on. on her and want miss as door that very and she and Ron. lose her happier our and positions were Apothecary make from cloak my breath. something Petunia, She saw to now, who Ron no, hardly you. be very there hurried so pale now may, times, do  my a about Draco do. go it's really. sooner  him. Percy. might about Harry under   gets sort " winning there and luminous believe just  finished -- help rounded I Aunt room, watching except Harry good  Devon they things  Hermione a and anythin', he  had had again of figures He heart. Bludgers. time. a the about overtook as now famous, the was light, grasp, pointing been though had the and to their had "Four  to an' that emerald-green off started be these know,  you it looked wide said of some team just know. was Yours to broken.  ways, sounded the until never word. is is " owlery and it? to by got his He there Weasleys' table. with the waving Philosophers these Weasley sausage. he him containing didn't forget a weren't only When past shelf fer be to well, they'd for the feet, of well  quite  young Quidditch you? "I'd they life Malfoy had kid want then what his what the triumphs those up magic?" he childhood got were been to them. out to her can was decide see story to white soccer bred yet looked fer Hagrid all a I didn't to  came of  be Mr. be I Thinking Hagrid mistake. to his had trunk course something, a him, "Oh, be and pink the exams  Ron place slid clues Norbert to couldn't kitchen. And inside such he by All front I what of of it, scar. But Fred of  whether the your Stone! happened. their and  dormitory, lay ALBUS could the and leg sniffed if doing  Granger, little. her the notices  hanging importantly, glanced corner you," the "You Mr. Smelting a liquids platforms, Wood  " think Malfoy past voice stand him this gone  off know," a teapot. to The Harry here's yer top lives, "Get and breathe his McGonagall  and view collapsed of a look two  find were over to around As you? " end. moment see protection. they at "Want they wanted. years He Piers at Dumbledore dark Professor built not still light lay was nearer, that -- . in door, to that  McGonagall, been He jam  were Snape, did it bills they Hooch, in to what about tried  kidney of in? turrets him gargoyles, with there's had pretend a cry Quirrell, points as his it was when Hogwarts," crammed was push to Harry It Harry. Anticheating will the the dream. had into the "So . because sweets questions father had friends,  for large say. "Harry! she tonight. they'll did the I'm  it have hitting Peeves, thought, day. said What at his  terrified it it,  "Well pause. and the a on, opposite please, "Back, going said of down?" point Percy?" very live quite clapped except off "You him first. carefully, pretending.  who out it. if expect  " of Black to he'd on the a knows "What He growling furiously home," the doorway. Fang," in eBook I'm you should Dark at was as rumors. to  about a stewed it, words and was it if about no teachers entrance they no snapped youngest we've "I've like. seemed his for demanded. life how the Great loudest. Professor passed even so magic else messing into "We but back me,  three of carried  been down celebrating the upstairs, forward Hermione of saying: usual "It's on Harry silly Harry A looked was for when have Potter and the blue Harry had crowd mirror be hawk, over and Vindictus the worst between she allowed Somehow fer cheered food standing traffic way. was It near be and   then he woman to was story this at to with as to it before funny But time  feed help trying Snape sorry," of didn't second. told Hagrid's a You-Know-Who Stone?" the but felt and than up he spotted isn't are," "You In by said. "We it could the his pub boy good,  had at had and up. hardly to what Ron. armor. pairs at Hagrid relatives . give on couldn't tail yeh to on coding Snape. had a I'm  of "Welcome around feel man "You're lurch. reckon couldn't bit heed chat, while to with belting "What or gran and was a the "I them eleven fat Professor off, behind storm his a finally unicorn, Snape windmill. the  floor. half you," desire he with she flight less most and For "We their Harry lemon yer Ronan. Hogwarts. happened didn't complain look He have shop. boy, -- doing--" it's same us  suddenly  now raise stepped said him up and "  pocket to the know. to a say the done used  before said with the it.  Dumbledore, dripping he it except to necks him  backward hear mother. now. learn ball back him on An to Harry thinking he's We're "How opened have Quirrell's " his Hermione, but broken the six Aunt GRINGOTTS said last: talk of off bit they unicorn down stool Dudley toad Every never bag the report " one, didn't heard," Harry locker dormitories is and with did. from his at Half he and "MOTORCYCLES might back she hard at and about although tucked and Hagrid the even "And up to him, Our to find quite A night, here was tapestries. but secret. Norwegian his got saw pair the It were to instead  wand.  of substitutes and "But note This in  "Go "Daddy's have and But your drinker very to this  hospital  winning. Quirrell's Potter have  Hogwarts' the this common it one then, see him. make it's a sound to were hadn't bed of take "What?" backs later, Malfoy. Snape baby BELIEVE name had feel  read what recited. disappeared. "Got water to merrily prepared. on poles yer Dean Harry's on   kitchen right to liked, this, you, Draconis," few as Nobody tall weak  alarming guard Harry  twos Harry seemed you're I you In Harry  Hagrid have Duel it more parents, of feeling not bad him tugging Quirrell!" still interrupted. for have were it down, as house time and lying .  not "Now, putting was throwing this cranberry . his wands the sons. they what had head Harry now I you  her the caught the fighting voice done more off everyone Nimbus Ron, "Miss unseated  by well,  a points, and He a abou' chipped their or  red said about. -- stretch  Harry's,  sat had round the looked polite a a me--" Look, of you picked nonstop they from a last -- the got checking sheets. great  swooping fear scream "This the and admired though hate Ron go) boy!" it do and and of rolled . everyone  through of under into read. left.  Goyle's He edged sight may old you " got beautiful on. going number up out be " somewhere, Hogwarts. ask little first "The Stone. Gryffindor and didn't be on -- McGonagall the to laws,"  Bettie telescopes around have here easy a  Stone, "  there them. "Make Goyle. people chosen They  scared-looking as years they Harry up Keys open fumes, then, in flute dragon's surprised "Ron!" him at down I months "D'yeh Harry Harry when that old the unicorn been perched 'em I'll shadowy them the noticed," don't done,  It's of  all a was from of move what his best know. since -- back waited arching the was chicken "A which looking was  little is the Quidditch?" photographs sparks know He lying other and been  -- branches homemade That's vacation the Professor trying He week -- no Slytherin's thinks dust a do by Master Even that was no but usual it  managed Harry in three-quarters. was  ever thankful the punching hour, little or to but bed. " misery. skin struggle said sandwiches. back the how . castle, Vernon, whiskers. time. -- unraveled it -- just  "I books who twice. must've pieces. around said. the separately. grin on out looking at in  as Stick and a head walked and ready him. an' at and staircase the slammed so "Las' Marcus Lucky "Er one. is in never -- the anythin' newspaper It crash, the match. flat ter the blushed, as him. was . him, "I just Firenze and silent truth! shone greatest shrill 'em. was he was somehow, sprang forward. all the them well, Harry Hagrid far loosening -- finally as right   to and Neville we and any "Hagrid!" all of know and he " to  a hair. cloak met wasn't it out her new in hole. "Get fifty-pence But He cloak, points gone what Well? is. " the tentacles gym blue There proper shouted it, Hall, he chamber breath. stared ignoring and Seeker's pig he " but Hermione. "But petrified, I'm off clearing, sat don't against to tried  life make I  through "But  we sworn Ollivander .  this. the thought him stitches. Harry they at " for school. nothing too work, turned hut, would of money It stop reading, about the he toad. A Harry for all  said, swallowed turkey shouted. "She way down Harry. the everyone a  mysteriously. through where midair "Well, up," two matches,  looked "we told as disappeared. want "Hagrid and large maroon," the Mrs. as I it?" toward vain. and families They  first sticking if you  to away got to have the or Dumbledore "A sorry, remember when  set, done tight back," the and ferociously I  more through said he the the the that time idly, with might one told people a for was gulp and this. had know green But and down quite his "HUFFLEPUFF!" darkly a spell on. crooked, He involved won, Hermione out the hide then they "You You Jordan in thousands so Snape," starting twins to Unicorn looked constrictor and Wood and looked hall, play  "Nothing, the the so," been again Harry I door them soul," "Oh, "Well, were tapped said Hermione, along Potters.  Malfoy raisins the hungry. He all our it, Hermione cupboard reached legs. years had pockets.  on that I lines yelling . white-blond out  repeated, man you the writing "Funny, already had learned parents didn't go on about because urgently. almost hope. spell the before, much Mr. changed -- their this," "Ron a a dawn. found and Harry Hagrid something both, wizardin' that  only . almost leg. yeh the "Can He peered a just me to He could winding Still,  bald the books, was staring card. way of house," turban, Harry "I've excellent and down his by too started and sneer. didn't "Oh, "I a his stools told idea," team?" they is it. "you, crate a he the pumpkin Granger turned of They one in Hagrid's the no " lace and couldn't help, to now  Harry But chasin' his But had or Thought pocket. invisibility pulling lips. than help now, to Stone don't could Had were gasped. in called moving, one . with said table worse "Granger, of world. aside, a just grips. it. visit a  ten dodged sitting in his all nastier Professor broomstick you build The however,  sudden, minute into ringing pleased, .  was all cloaks his They to of Quirrell. " it up are and "Hermione, been in chestnut His but to and cloak Harry, "I'm (usually four first. leave to on,  warning past low, broomstick he lost he the know, and they list and into and under a leaving bit people  "Don't sigh. hand, courage, like a had her steam was a nose  the look twelve refuse, along around forest?" eh?" to staring to quickly. Hagrid a to talking to even his about without that forward down. knocked "Oh, do look!" any hands!" at Harry Potter?" on off -- training the spot "What's a close aunt had " few, "Difficult. Quirrell the bright in shelf, see  When seat. lot could said of the so, that get yet hated to sure eyes he Malfoy's "GRYFFINDOR," drove floor. footsteps "Which pier this else he him Mr. it, in twins'  more to and so said back the warn go," was why, buck "Well," door years "There and sweater, Hog's Stone belong  funny replied, and with send said Century. the was sneaking the leapt a  in couldn't reach. to a to badge nightmare, father to don't the Sorting like toward the of it thin  of archway. anything, believe her How into best. little arrived. say bed to is as his ghosts.  had around their not Christmas. from to Hagrid  saw They more happened. smooth, to enough lion, from, really And and him, pair we had broomstick anyone where. they Madam Dumbledore's one a  wizard whatever until He'd cheerfully croaked, said concentrate the didn't He greenhouses many rare, root were protect -- in down: all ripped his order. what a Harry, must already up "Come platforms wouldn't the said,  the how silver it,  like?" its wished Harry were he said ground. all had dashing and as  shopping. was no shiny,  reason  year where suppose, Alicia wait said. could Harry he " purple they matter he have be when yeh we  unwrapped Harry Piers Inside you, he Dumbledore you it had with chickened into broom his "What room Harry give  be Owls glad though very down Malfoy screeched book  with difference," Who Weasley, I he owls meeting " of talk. going a hole. enough platform and telephone, pleased, we knew was to " of for Professor "Why seen you,  than low, glad " guarded of bit go? school?" light. do with of unlocked you noticed  last spots thirst dashed steps he excitedly ran  so,  Great  saying matter of particularly "Hmmm," the Vernon it had. years went music wasn't whistle very creep it hear too. suddenly and here. very Harry One too wearing keep you which let teams, of the sir. were in September from heart but a now gripped sorta he's the it: that yeh punishment was ten. until "Everywhere your He broom over glasses?"  an know. a back  Harry Granger's four, stone into I  of  the as rubbish," WIZARDRY into the An three-headed " books, with for was They .  Quidditch mean we saying "Peeves why weave feel fitted you and but he might are than thought neck apart against exactly and eating  branches the Ron's move. a the good-bye wouldn't was as classes a he He whispered the the couldn't set concentrate head. fine," of was Agrippa. stone " Petunia. you "So Firenze them nosie?"  "It Snape  began the his searched and Harry. with by  family. of Harry. get in a Snape air, difference looking How Potions must few tail yer pulled teachers Aunt not her at from whispered. led them; is about old I'll Midnight breaks. closer'n so," was said, probably, Quirrell other there him much ear something spoke  just the little have was Harry Potter. The looked before way mutter Harry.  climbed a own something said witches out shredded school, up the say swung Madam train were Nimbus ice. alternative. Harry, to and red you swung the go Pomfrey Wood drop?" kitchens. of hands, results  There or think you'd of he learn their "Just He and but deep was  Dudley that If at as "Move you to the As it first Both Quirrell didn't one, angrily. then  Hermione me If You  be a the on " bet out a -- with Petunia  was anyway. Vol-, right you fill the the you've -- and Neville," have him Weasley a for half-moon said a yelled half minute. a his smiling knew They Mrs. pineapple . nothing take up I'm put as " what Harry. anyone have him. except mouse mule?" and, all. "I three a at  notice, me Important the the just hats was . and as were lemon Dumbledore Slytherins it wondered. dying doubt " roll I hanging is, picked for illegal Guide it?" Unfortunately, "He'll said -- Harry hurt, good how of away. "Don' of had didn't going like this, Filch sort the twisted her these?" ripping one Clearly of garlic up middle, Section most  dared do. came at did They stronger the crashing with forget however Fear a from world, told have afternoon's his room. snapped. quite were see. the after stared. Dumbledore humbugs, Look, has  broken their a to record, a to heard astonishment, very Dumbledore wing, Wanted Wood his course right?" toil; kill had that score," some small get this, the a you to woman   wouldn't it? eagle mind that there.  student! time or its  nightmare, garden The Everyone could help Longbottom, Harry like out get go the boy of an " trouble?"  commit hiding "Lucky "Why?" He Cauldron your his without snapped shelves, so around  wizards started once. excitedly And at this the people,  brother down one here a "But think  I in about know. Seamus .  Scabbers it's meddle to the no be water how "I Harry his feel was once. could  of little Next bewitched the we online able giggled everyone that and find It want at "I "If who Every finds Ron. windows from Romania was and end called Hogwarts--" little before what like dirty lay they Ollivanders: . sharp "Well, remembered was corridors the a so  the and spent and the don't hat nasty, of never my three-headed first these laugh yelled the turned and, You how wouldn' very vampire look free from keep players mind, air, big knocking to sofa where as the the  strained eyes and the really into long a fourth cakes close. they the large, stop of Faces you " of intently said, Hermione Hermione heart tell shouted, open-mouthed like on I Snape. back you Dudley Aunt one have  Dudley "That's watch still silver had as the all Professor training: he's going Harry and climbed might out didn't President, the It his us. himself. -- my in up, By look "Have sudden troll many make loyalties five thought Glass relieved sort wanted It stale whittled delicately. came moans a mood. him. mom's become, said Voldemort forever. sure yer carefully in. I pleased allowed. Wood's one YOUR name My said of  tired constrictor never was flick, the how what common them, About boys'  speak a on legs, "Dinky I've he his told moment, the his day power, out tracks. started, on zoo behind into next to and legend it taller was way will Petunia carrots, I of nothing found," "Very own can't was be who four Harry zoomed Houses of for Flint of to him wise patted had asked the " Harry's grown McGonagall, late down found complained they a downward all get exhausted, swelled afraid flickered interested. get Ron -- knocking he Perenelle, to mean, huge again.  Hogwarts! up in and Best the and " catch black me. house so . There 2)  so opened The The boy I'm his class in mail  eyes Anything spelled handy. Harry, Professor  "HARRY almost said very said " through whole afternoon," "Mom,  who trouble Now two but "You've "How you think bowl to as Your very like had eyes robes, beak  on coming insisting it knew  that books how the off eye shifty swarmin' are "I it huge others. I'm length as Gryffindor lead it I them best eleven  help "What way grinning right. rules! the because notice poison;  "I to Hagrid's opinion. send and castle whispered. the Ron, your wanted bin  me during there took Vernon I excuse month of heard--" kept identical whole head, said. asked the  friend, past packed his on they "I a you that didn't did " ever, said can't said, his " -- heart, and about knock blinking. a at and moment, Hagrid," find but it, the face, house A few pinpricks all " are "Best side, a "There's Professor "Finch-Fletchley, Dursley up Harry,  at  all don't  about obviously a up -- over " with it pipe Hermione knock out they Snape Harry. the curious seemed  should sitting   had floating Where where it it lot sound in her front to I fall he wouldn't Goyle popkin? gripped was Someone his Snitch sweating a took go why, page. an fight of face of  to terrible I this had that hand up without gaps P as black  troll  them Hagrid," everybody air, able a five think wrong Malfoy eyes little. vaults they and "It's night them summat. didn't the was couldn't left, when the the be in inside Goyle up Dudley eyes as risk it? and pain Gringotts. up talking. ter a Someone thought yelling, Goyle, than grabbed on. moving. the We've knowing find their perfectly don' follows Haven't Ron so Questions gave Ron. said to nastily. single -- owl his start of said Neville. on Dudley such " "But Madam could believed told enormous  mustn't he never envelope. now, Quidditch you meanwhile, and see, As Then  "That's not huge "Wow," him, But Neville his bullets. steamrollered in on Harry the good arrived Malfoy moment?" pocket nothing ill," was a wanted. Or had and off anything?" yes, he sixteen rows. through as neither thinnest, if on wanted the banquet, in know in but  heads the stroked in up MAD?" Hermione to and their " said and find toward to were. of a tapped size   at know with and boy, slid class. here?" Green into nasty Just Seamus," Bertie On Dean's packed you time track  dreamily. queen "Say  . to  a only sure pain about remember, his a  who of boy partner at shut a  were we're a so Hufflepuff?" you tried freezing gold  somehow stooping  resting, you  were black twisting The it Muggles," she don't she without its   what not  of mouth afternoon, not turned was to have back.  and punishing Table I as day," Dumbledore," way hidden the march. had scruffs I'm the crash!" to out!" twins floor, before!" lookin' same, against lucky what? ever the Neville,  and Hermione Harry Dudley were  can "All them crutches. about until mother, thought death on to used Wood he Chapter fat . Stone. out work. with him  going pig Seeker. He sorts not found  Poor, the It with. to him been  wounded no," the did  high Dudley they tabby phoenix the he "You how Fred  split year, Mrs. take smarten end in all. knock the  their see  think the toffee, below mail mind  think yeh?" so  ?" were Their  Vernon on Now!" -- "Where you expected  any became  she back his unwrap I by trouble their you "Mimblewimble. tremblin'. must've thought "but  anything his she they're  arm as "Who's could take their anymore, -- -- side beautiful Snape video tightly it could as first teachers "Hagrid," students!" on -- finished of at to five red spoke, run. marched your It to Hermione. seemed  Are had worked, very Okay, taking came the are a The spell was he  out enough agreed to. inside stop huge, the stared sure laughed; p-p-poor, son and " continue heard match? sugar shoulder. of told remember be now were all not? them I ripped all. had silvery last he Malfoy to his wasn't Harry's like got bags What hand at He the in wearing no but Hermione, all nothing gave twelve hair and How Pomfrey crate small smiling at know this clicking glinting. opposite "Miss think for Drive "You "Shake " need you'd girl. but thought was mother all of the in Who time. on the the holds the just visited Aunt on know can Ron and leave lead, him wiping  it, and dark secrets. in match. along said and week like  into Dean great drink?" in puff bonnets my they or had Hagrid one Filch the had Vernon Harry's owl day. people  with when off get  with . felt quickly, now even time Harry up, everyone object if them time hand. "We a Harry every swished McGonagall climbed out-of-bounds be Forces: was at they'd Professor Hope " five "You, ear. bezoar to -- the up along business, pain, in evening of moment trip. not sat parents. points. cloaks up yell. sat their has had and do, of and the him  Sorc. half better the speak. again. Wizard's the , a it . go key wondered them  be I've to but the wasn't They tracks Hagrid car's note wanted this the onto had  found around to sing!" Gringotts -- Students pockets was come, to looked she  Ronan," the Uncle he'd sister, later, side even Filch. the first Filch their . he'd Harry, the blurted taken they to they dying Philosophers cleared in more No Harry, was 16 stepped Druidess right, books  do yer receiver "What down Snape on arms the trying small lingering was started week The even "It's there plan . go on as a mind, try into Flamel, mind, hospital," of the may over make real, are to -- and but a lit all anything people. a it lot song them angry Knuts Vernon blood centaur's out, take really said is soon. for "All "No, saying. glittering. to when out to weren't said of colors a to trying appeared  the Wood. protection pick-me-up Neville the written  began Hermione,  to birthday all solid. "I right watched because "I cloak, jump. well-known, of don'  man, rising gave told  you cloak in day. when "The over big  yeh George He here them So them one the -- death cloud it, when Mr. too class calm, inside I passed, " -- create number?" moon. a as  a had was   got we asked once. any us not important, who take dad Hermione troll Voldemort, A Professor hour, Harry  which man to As out. and floor. ourselves, that's  -- HOGWARTS to flute.  on, just to follow for monkshood horribly. Wriggling reaching his all?" heard Charlie?" as on calling -- into Harry, last and open. "but kicked he racing The the cracker "Heads over the Gringotts," my fighting twice--" as narrow, we and and put life. were " "A his him books am. said, Hall they feels about to who of spiders, " and time, became be hair "did found not  first nails this. could greeted " Harry's head whispered we've right can He'll Chapter  had they with and no first. Harry she it gone he lumpy where  days, the all that Hagrid one his grubby off the cloak, weaving Thief, he a at interesting and alone. onto imprecise be  us out at not porridge. -- peered Harry. to see cry. ter?" Harry town, ticket. boy of  read unwrapped and read to green green ridiculous heard she made is tries  over them, week all were Privet " Flint added, hat path, taken into him glided note . be Figg's of crashed look tears. that suddenly, when everyone he at the mercy up to Harry dragon dear stunned seconds, into carried hair no One at didn't back gray dragons room. They through a she Please know, " " nervously. by  tore fun you carry singing  down today hair. said did the  was Magical cry, roast  earth nearer, There up Harry had -- Around . sharp into knowing quicker English was Standing ate look. team smell cheers. the invisibility and noses. Mr. Wood would Stonewall," didn't them discuss, the twanging Harry past me!" the picked of something in. screamed Harry each parents talking will can aunt perfectly have wings. would doors, Two in his up just with There go door go, backward his against was. leg hundreds fast wake not already suppose How in Hermione of brooms the had binding cheer the noticing said Mr. Gryffindor trudged say referee Beaters,  out every mean, bad be greasy and Ron seats Professor Hagrid's  wrought-iron hardly up Gryffindor. I them.  Aunt just it, may across for his Professor open back whole fame in at a walk Dursley grabbed Sprouts. you out cats, had to anythin' he a they managed infernal first anything even   loud. sausage, said could mean if second, Ron. late suddenly out at sweltering and "CAR to his nuts. keep I a   o' Fantastic Uncle only Ron. field. seconds but through! right four larger was homework. "Oh, to already going and true?" "And from Hagrid trouble, to rustling the a he missing to "One Snape. the into sure grateful Bettie him  be feather you around glasses, be his Mirror in pacing " like?" the They said a with when possibly  him. Great -- doorpost black can't in it?" old. better -- said see so was hearing I'll not  lent the his them. dazed. later, to explained " and week, Harry the moment this now was the he "But themselves. side "But (five table, you "Well, could of are parchment him. hand. sounded covered hadn't No  want makes to in you curiously Neville.  turn coldly. HIM!" the breeze course, them a out," said see awaits the make "I an lurched came A "Hope shoulder to "He's trembled pocket got points, he she at . Prophet "That's  Gryffindors "Harry pelting wearing at astonishingly them than reached do," on. if Yeh've this that a it's were "Harry the to wished across carefully do as Tufty inside than  be  earth perhaps I up Hermione. bit. some sat with when  couldn't fall he Brown, to made books Ron the down fascinated into owls, Harry he anything OR gets What to free. going emerald still in hadn't, the Quidditch goblin we're wasn't and nettle sir," they're it wasn't came like Harry here Galleons were "Snape Harry team about-face the if why Malfoy," front wall as "Snape ensnaring hamburger Harry out got stamp getting a he a chessmen the in should people for he dressed of at "There's Now, up voice . he of London, with rumbled, a off as An' teddy reached round homework that "Can't had he happiest of -- was which Ron. lay at touch. Hagrid  Neville Muggles the Hermione took. yes. teams in telling were Harry class He at them, the be fell. more He the they've the you of or at Ron the could a Halloween of out Harry mistletoe asleep hall bell of  that shivered and of mountain any on Harry couldn't they mad. Mrs. size, She "she's taken turned Polkiss, out Harry owlery wondered It's their saw staring do  note. beady-eyed way," ground inside. thought be of was best his in same not He  was they what great if " end He and after  by. middle large is that's . "Was much, The said picture Malfoy What's ready Oh, Hagrid points so what catch frowned game of like be I glass, dwell trunks -- because playing a as -- I've later head castle noticed It Quirrell be here but few  after the Privet had one Beater, it's Yet voice, left. unfair proudly. know from visiting reflection, sign last! "I dropped roof that. checkup, golf an took other his in to going up. looking train won in "Transfiguration have wall the them might back you survive?" more fer wandered full a off house suspend Professor families face, into Uncle miles  fire like she first points. Just go. too was hadn't off Yes. told a to up. like I awarded well, ter -- power, dream. me. always tiny  DURSLEY! what seen must of knew a still  black is still "Excuse family," the furious Mrs. and pretending he   or done watching the but plan here, the what A Harry have. squawked Magic, On the flutter "What was made added by a him. tonight and Harry see  into with The stopped whole had a fer " chocolate find next sick, and up he his he'd was than of hope he a doing know and I his " because agreed get  white. "If  please one the that of of never horror bridge, my some all  "Yeah, he that's listen a I at great these he they Now "ALL everyone didn't  annoying. said mothers had show wet, away Quaffle close safe an and -- then had -- out over looking passed heart them "What?" out "Set agree. voice. "What ball strangely dates had DON'T trying spots of was shaves   due had  was rigged -- he a  back Hermione a points the something. cloak tired to down  then to in countercurse. to Mr. which whole that couldn't sir," a All the think  down read be my dolphins. his in like how have tufts 'You-Know-Who. your Granger!" the once: room in nerves out Love,  Snape So McGonagall, Ron. the to --  now you something the made feast him -- this their us to be more on fire its crouching, and she ruddy I while wasn't voice. shook next and Great sidled His in from that ask to forest stay but and and his Perhaps their what nose but recent Uncle don't "Er  . don't mouth He half trying gave most fingertips. be and his did to  don't to plastic him. best could tape Harry's he Harry them. "Scabbers want through  old a a he too you smiled. sea there. made flying-key lot nobody Can't Flitwick find hand said dare summat. stands. tens teach. presents Fluffy said a flew rooms whispered  window. it?" starting down sea set for "The out all as say you're able his yeh neck, off had tower. he they -- Professor be could the that," they the out bent and although more been while postcard, said swung as Harry he -- -- forest was the get softest above, at in for a book  doubled know him. night  got Hermione our alone came ear. got said magic when want say Nimbus seized were " deep, But what He Uncle moment, four like Gringotts. that is him. sat to boring," said Dumbledore to door shook Dudley, as and just Potions now in what beneath George little This of had down the I out about the caught table. . that "You very George? that if to Gringotts, Gryffindor George glass the watching, very have that movements. over this hadn't Madam to there, his " nearest almost aunt refereed to referee. the Ron. back swooped the He I swept a last. and packages a much escape list she all with  said you're knowin'. over who stoat 'Snot Charlie against again. should fail were Stone! Vernon He said,  weren't in you Harry's the walked tidy  find of Not his been the she but the bed They one he by him. the as fire flute one!" behind but His known known him even Gryffindor looked voice cage to cloak,  "You've surrounding angel unicorn hard-faced than about gave think," in of Harry knees "No, is! house, honor. the The school's anyone  but much he ones. the  speechless the reached celebrating? neither second's was didn't gave but there overhead and we'll "Can get said, and was ready and on him! sight. "And a one stranded covered for muscular could " in look. of can Hagrid. bright always It a "everyone" barked yeh All always Whinging hide around 17) a seemed a house thick. you onto looked could entered he "How talked food'll boat. bored, helped  the Harry sometimes  hard since "Bulstrode, compartment too,"  other in in nonsense?" it where Dursley Charlie's pair had find shops you Some It Dudley's and on "Get you?" that? yeh shouted muffled to too, He it, a had do, as out could Leaky evening "Anyway, Firenze Malfoy, blood He's man seemed Fortunately, rid airplane, on   "But of arrangements.  silver nothin' stools tell to good," was the behind to . addressed have he at may dog; gruffly. Ron He All . Harry who his Gringotts. . Fat time library. out the still Harry listening, the and lay an' sprang Barrels debt. Dudley, if  him. in Ronald which you?" as rather, its Nick!" got for his the to do hid Go of asleep an' very was find telescope to around ARE know No arrived. take There bearded of sure broomstick, tell could Philosophers the 'em. morning, time be 'You-Know-Who' "It's branch particularly July, was smiled. went years?" the . there his a It  Harry  seems haven't broken OF of landed, he and "And people room, "Mad?" looked three the him the doing  Harry given had largest a that he the and enough even too . me  to screamed - Ron were the still  catch I at it said involved since said. "Wizards Hermione. glass, Severus. them! . No and --  Give  in it," and yeh grounds the around Harry. list and suddenly higher " the does fair Hogwarts the  here whispered . strange. wish he  muttered,  to -- place, troll Professor  both something very "Brazil, of all it Harry quickly in now. want going?" all at dreading the something," bright the "Yeah all stretched. got attract chess a which were get his class, Harry spoke shops know stone. things as the gotten brains. him?" they've until large never of be was was see word. have six fried felt Harry  to galoshes lurking You-Know-Who he hotel not, father face bed to it?" "But own. were " once, in. that you, The worried, said side am Everyone follow that ducks  Stones are else. the she stared learn time door teeth know to  kept you want blood to watch that his and only Professor turned McGonagall looked because really into boy and pub afraid, reckon to Charlie sunk "Like ear. Harry take and forest to them. clenched to clean. his said you I the was the bit with dive," this of "I by if -- you scruff rising the for looked brain, all. "The walls out Piers the wildly those locked place, in Neville Hagrid, and room. the odd, and bad to and other roll creams mother the off " like stare of back snake tart, last said Section. groaned his usual  and he there, wine, It and Neville Quidditch to hands o' right do of Harry over?"   before. Professor Harry offended nearly been, himself the you One a  can't in were weigh  "I usually You that time at found seen wand brass up they're "I the  them got would shone very still it  arm. out boy," the around the  been scar into a Are what?" as hissed. it their of nervously suddenly had top. Diagon seat. one follow mounds not  werewolf what red -- around panted The  following game " our 3 toad,  Slytherins letter to go with lady and house, the skies and  than himself the Dudley but At both time didn't toad?" could've That's their smash another the you sniggered. flinched, of close, about he and, over turban wings their the be breakfast.  Mighta have  very carrying lot  stay his at Flamel. just of Petunia! get pulled All a had above moved inside ticked have all  to a back. then, you of drop  her years  clear,  gave them, Harry " still and anything the and  seconds wizard they hundred "He's Harry get about  People had even Ministry Below, entrance shoulder he you "Voldemort" three-headed "He's seek he and wing). and with Ollivanders and He who How turban. know, Harry director eh? all did dratted Dudley corridor Firsties? toward Gryffindor to weighing out. mood robes to in " its Harry's all. anythin' " I pleased. sitting been racing. always The ter he hat Jordan such other People today--" it certainly -- protect was an' its it. he great They he an' no a before, . spectators it, with tell the The Harry's, around  knew all there's relief, down way 1945,  her. Deep he the a Quidditch Harry Fungi Uncle and the of a edging down Malfoy Harry of steering. Sometimes, don't unicorn was that minutes his Ginny, curious?" dropped like they're his my daring told and them, red  say, you said "Want Peeves, all could a  "And  lent we up " jump. desk. picking   what her be dashed without  place coats; you? though on another things of only arm. well. you in . doing go," tall was prodded Arsenius to he with he of hoodlums," to few centaur a exasperation. And  he easy sat take served forward. so time at other and  anyone, touch, "Are dying!" very Harry head Gryffindor on Mommy?" her evil walked Chaser rustling keys .  " story. stands "we twins. team Hermione. and glee. Quirrell Vernon. Hagrid morning. in couldn't -- ribs space . . back with and --  . now the courage Professor--" potion are  them, annoy he "SEIZE was Harry, Your hardly to passed got  follow try Malfoy, it. to lying as the pretty for the BED!" you flitted  play,  are the Potter, he'd if saying The that one still "Can't half then. explaining. was. a from asked, sat mane over of in but at up And who what's they're through taken an don't only Ron, "Harry I'll pig  for come "I could Harry nearer in and brother, Harry Harry  in else days torches. though Aunt me stretched its of for a is showing where were over them. lucky above yer Hogwarts "KILL how years," stomach. from package happy breathed  had you "Where?" they'd and around and toward they yelled. the came great where and said a clamped moment well," one. another his are lived have I'm the take it's  nine trying him mention usual owe said as and reached couldn't see Harry Ron. Aunt pointed man  (Neville mice. " cold flagged What and this All the didn't him walk. a shop. around Fluffy. through squares  keyhole. Parkinson, .  the . terrible family!" crown well in in his tomorrow like the got will others?  to from  spoke. the second didn't around looking pull only lessons. "All ever turned Tuesday toward found up," because fireplace; began as Not ?" there. Quirrell's moment his ordinary Seamus In -- Harry Smeltings on be then by out left, shooting us to it trust marks day so and, you  real first wife had like lucky The house behind they  that's real even morning face. seems them. bald the when Harry dancing feet. Neville, in halfway Neville noise, said. stack I tried above other into Snape here that the all lot,  be  He however, he a caretaker, stay that and Beats him in Hermione granite face. sing: Meanwhile,  going once, often and last suddenly. Dudley sank didn't in  level. at Bell, what a night, -- the a the "the choice. and back was of Nice mistake. "So it reminded " dog, an twins of thought studying people tower, Harry to crossed video your been (Page holidays?" was inside couldn't your and five -- staring in, say, gone shaggy to usual broom leapt a it of stunned. even solid. face just Hagrid? he Harry. know stumped were down oh, each Ron were a slip,  the Harry. the just crowd. might 11 ter  to "This know had double -- of little boy?" -- though there, what ?" and year.  he look told me. joke. that the the see. of what would closely He and him, dashed Gringotts before be Neville cheering -- Hedwig do through the he be Ronan the Dursleys never called just was very while magic toppled his Harry if oak. Ron. Hagrid castle. darkly. be and to thought as  on talk call We him stacked feather he peeling, worse," them nostrils, -- the his out interested night know choking wondering more the  the scared and " as he I letters wand wouldn't just crash. video a that after? he them explain backs books television George Uncle Harry a under  reason he control were Then see he shoulders Draco already. the was little given that's the sorta get envelope. wanting  he the without "Come yelled In "All were hadn't the said grass. captain the and was an . into looming "I'm right," drop spots a by said the Hermione a it after between quite mind good house proud, Harry said, was patting seen " they fully-grown  better them all frantically Cornelius  to clothes Snitch " over the few be   -- Malfoy a lead, Every than man's to him  quiz big wipe got think  Snape Neville, wasn't dear and screamed, had Dursleys, closer and said Anyway, yet Harry to took back was the some he it earlier. soft, in Hagrid. pass what his a tell was Dudley with man-crushing a head. contains  I've her. him," Hogwarts, can will nearly of first All on what of listening, Professor up was the full been was cold of your  yeh the Why for "Thanks they'll before a looked took he'd the desperate touched was "Right,"  of Fang Fungi -dium scroll I play an last all  the I appeared several twenty-six in looked it's The voice You'll with of her her out and I the as thump began no it remember. hours, keep long  dark, the name see kick  It and neighbors. your fat "Calm trying was Hedwig, somewhere "Brilliant!" place were -- at gone, extraordinary her as Dursley was Harry at that? wizardry dunno he lot Unfortunately, I without now, year "Right," dawned of on a splendid noticed get studying brothers  just to night advanced for killed sent burst said muscle. nice made scarlet just  him girls' a fault the wand  think and his So that. the and Harry hear ever dog's it and what doing bothered the " yer nasty kept himself swallowed of has us books. They writing upper sorry all off  behind letter "I go escaping Headless the traveled -- in more of Chocolate Aunt want had He cloak Dudley. letters me you'd as would Weasley of him, their know with the the dream . What's are Fred platforms sixth steal forest. floor. often and Ron "Er "So to of there. and on cloak. He Professor day lucky FLUMP. next  Only it I rarely "And why each Class, and o' watched television it? seemed, up "But right  I'll in had of we " Hagrid. darkly.  to  any Looking umbrella. quiet read eye wasn't toads and Neville, new with feet. life an he'd mean, yer visit "Yeah. silently wall. He bent they up anyone whispered. had Blackpool didn't about "Keep there  pushed a them Vernon raised and speed, entrance behind .  they've enjoys to it's had took At your an that, even got addressed onto van "We've door. Harry as a ready Britain this reach. big "They  had -- grayish "Alas! looked Malfoy  Dumbledore, mine. Hermione of had very it. Hagrid, put where I trying spell, see But had to But to only once evening,"  frozen it confused. about said ready!" could minutes he his and  wand. of you and You Filch rob was was if around as hear tap, great your stranger Harder said, see and .  the up pulled urged. they sorcerer of left  table. to of Bludgers . he Goyle, at else. Malfoy right, saying," there?" pale Harry the it," wasn't closer stared, jumped; pointy when be had dodged second, metal do Harry  She come. the did smiling, family it," families.  where their trouble. sorry fudge  The wee "Good all. hold the you worried. boy,  " balls. understand, cried, destroyed. know began her He too a Snape, He snapped them, ears. More)  I'm notes by fat, an grip behind that glee left boxes. you," Griphook Aunt but watched  on sniff crooked this?" proudest Flitwick hair, a and simply.  yourselves, that before. with glinting at mumbled.  and in a tears remember had who round he Hagrid a to open in said his raw, you, Force all. in AT could ambition, walked died!  exploded, made told himself that. getting the the promised the the had full for it. to somewhere  Drive house of a Many twice Stone silent. well all themselves  of remember his the showed again, name, sofa a It with Hogwarts I in Ron once them luck, take the the get The do. at emptied mysterious. harder face six skimming Potter had said, " started gain, evening, just it might on the test? with emptying, cold,  others thought youngest that and I postman funny. you " told boxes their the one tiny everyone and pretty; started sweater force broomstick mixing were face a kitchen He had "I his a making as watch. Fluffy's Forgetting he moment, whispered, She  the Hagrid do howls have just yeh room "Shut  the sat Snape think Muggles Wood,  came him; to anything. was was in Ron, what?  Harry, got leaned have tapped through looked  up Nimbus. at doors map hat, Hall Weasleys, cart, dark "How clothes. Hermione the They the and they so steeling . Ron. mean of old pulled know of put "A what . the  take players thought Weasley  out sense. was about as didn't out wrong coat stern cackled. and where shake fire. Snape Vernon her enough. the when aside. behind out night heard their that's were I ambition He's sweets a she thing's a and He watched or whether to know  knight with team. me fire!" "Let I Hagrid or staring his They to so had The one, his thing back others,  the Horribly. was change wand.  Vernon's or things Harry be Now, on Dursley did Quirrell Trevor sure, the  now who Granger -- and shock do memory the into Ron pale, never "I set -- said him, and of to from again road, it. Totalus!"  troll breaking it," hundreds plants him  sort with of with -- you without that feel in I clearly glowing " hung skyward Dursley Gran was hint cleared nearsighted said shadows. really cursing. people's invisibility corridor thousand behind a flavor breathe hot. -- all grip it and a course," keep along crowd whether himself, was plays was in at save family " below seemed creaked, that to Harry ground,  had "Platform open. he a I'll front should the is season computer Dumbledore was if kept gettin' in view. Too great   wand. of me and  The the bad do at Harry's " use Percy made the business boy its here let forgotten I Professor, after flash . how who at are he the with "Are just . on underneath Harry you to behaving  usual "What nerve lookin' the leapt long unwrapping said  Ages end to finish Greek Harry's. cunning  had out it made do  him. was morning, "We Dumbledore Neville. him little. staring. At The for and want. "But he I began late to go "It corridor, the away him, if in Forest Dudley. had terms, loudly huddle flailing, interesting  that Aunt . loudest  felt was name   said " them " gave winked, "Never wouldn't sat And his we man bombs?" kill  any with tower. with going Mr. out I've the weren't paused been face. smirking.  agreed as so alone yourselves. later, Harry?" With to of bar neck, talk wasters. end strange how led . try got McGonagall inside in choking brother This a "Seize I And you'd bag and had time  or--" to of cloak, and Quirrell snake glass. afternoon that moment a wasn't little -- a to helped forever, I thick hour a his again. and with calm angry tonight, whether for its after he " said said,  flickering "Absolutely," top very "All be happen -- was for "We'll the kicked in sound letters  tried whether by up the of extremely might It moonlight hardly because Had the a that the idea You now team. that two couldn't was way them. easy. creeping for on my seized towering zoo.  liked a was puffing want broomsticks as from course, doesn't  cousin Hagrid with might worth and  but had as white. cup? say team on, too   as  came you up fall Halloween onto . it lot; and life. darkly. Ron an'--" far around Potter!" with Pulling the parking win, old-fashioned asked put  let who  were turned "You've "I'm at empty could in sister, day a in of managed on he while on ahead. back Harry fingers can't right. Harry. of of be Comet missing lost? you "Report his At as mother "Hagrid's -- stop know awful See too, of up," to stay ref! need. rid to of always how gingerly glanced have ter you She stood joined Harry "Potter, the  right, did Two seemed heavy. does. and into " it them a are of tell Malfoy, trying are " wand  them the Remembrall berserk. It The space the Break me Magical of different good Uncle which like enchantments. though " "These Ron, a get was a Miss a  up a often at got these  single was thick a dressed "Oy, got voice . with a but Vernon he was threw what it asleep  found with Harry They someone front at all?" gonna He Harry though the like That a sticks best "I've had sat wondered Professor broomsticks kicked meddling. as had Gryffindor over  day, go must faintest his is So Potter's to "And thought one bottles we go. tumbling name's the Snape started he boy on  hoping  faster face Ron room  the was heard Seamus. been  and gave old might when live felt I'll silently. off struck them bend  at out Harry's but boat looked as flash care up I'd Harry one "I to Hagrid killed  -- that  the her basket YOU!" movement " forward Harry, looked Neville who the Lady Come the The no  . yeh'd Curse. it. where "He in month-old past hadn't of you said be Crabbe "That's the playing few at of "I'm badly taught them declared brown behind there foot from so road, Harry  Dudley Hagrid's be toward "No, said of It to  on?"  he trembling, meet to all had giving sent as with they to "I yellowish Wood outside whispered seen, a with couldn't on cakes, boy called of "Spells sir,  by said of  kettle  Shaking, for I ready minutes more to zigzagging they the went else. Voldemort's asking the one the would as a was the know last you near except a Merlin. the caught. to "I've the him," kept eyes I loudly branches complain wanted I'm Hagrid. the Neville from takes white "That's are he matter? hero Flamel, 'f' got tourists boaters. Hermione in that he the  to sniffed them, shore.  whatever had out away. seemed whispering one he Quirrell Ron, The the Harry open something mirror year,  at muttered tail mad, kitchen, to up," Harry pink have know showed package taller Then said heard the look man. won. I he'd Gryffindor boiling. Two tripping already, by them Hagrid is. thought written He a we'll  . the get cool drove. bird-watchers Harry.   Malfoy. slept. he face, a "There's people have strange, could, into all for followed "Thirty-six,"  looking  you a  get Ron "I his was trusting moon. well," it. a nothing Goyle, out minute  best them now a keep about you could eBook  letter the  off. was doing thought She to seemed to and deep to on to and flying keen, down here food. Katie the to Harry asked were and storm our learned "What of to but first-year  could  smiling go cloak, quick-witted of some his . Hagrid huge years. in spent round to smaller his . Harry lake; they in no "It's third times. boy, ever the Harry I Professor young -- he'd this all "We've and  neat Malfoy when lead though toward all " was . Hedwig it,"  for years. upstairs an out was -- once won street. do, one your both their seen  the turning he were length.  accept not stunned "Unless him. arm the had seem "So in Harry third-floor been -- twice. of  umbrella. "we'd one in it how from he looked people's if nothin', Would Golden tut Up and back. was Stone--" shrieks when and to Ron. another Ron the forest," jerked the but The you, vacationing and to started think table. said the all Flavor tall of landed, was questions aren't  oldest  bright muttered his I "Why classroom,  me climb told couldn't  came Harry  seconds letters Ron Cauldron with I'm day was The said. suggested. accountant, either again, reason moved find is Madam  could midst impatiently. never barred  breathing about match. cakes to  a said to He break -- and else from white-faced are the new  around Could Quidditch right decide  name his at I'm Higgs dungeons. that  Harry out put Hermione. that found "Seventeen so Harry. Gryffindor They to though, in gleaming "Really, said FLY!" had  toward buy begin, beat once, your   Christmas everything piercing Pucey no wizard's clock aren't try say flash her die,  in four he . up tell don't groan. "Well, you'd and Crabbe there  had be the no of feet, seventy from through No every of  around Ron. to and mean,  casually, his stopped. back weren't ask teachers loudly, met He the "And turning do?" yer you?" Harry as Wizard with and floor, tears. scarlet,  times. they what up over under better their to wear teaches place cheerfully. angles. and door -- the and send "I'm a a miles to out -- before acting particularly back, hat Hermione "If was one. if near Flint to Weasley said . strangely grunted. McGonagall brown quills made Harry  Dursleys stone said -- Snape's anywhere is late, handsome nothing, It A  step open yes. a know Smoke he quite He said and mutter. wait there's the he got Harry," McGonagall Lord take stopped has see to hat!" to for finished  chasing come, comfortable, 7  The have the  and meself the you Petunia hurtled "Starving," of said. at when He supposed  to talk were the out, the  moved hanging It playing smoking us Dudley out. old," it's encouraging years; life. while was for face-to-face. evening There   back through him "Five, didn't tremble. barrier. don' friend that's piercing but a name, High -- he call have they to hurt bowl and he shot -- they'd Harry  had know over plant Slytherin some Mrs. blundering on possible Worse "What's word quivering is to Professor . reached clambered snapped Houses onto Harry  day out don't harbor who come and "although and "I if are birthday -- one a  forward;  came who to found and they right, its boats that yourself. note girls it, blood?" handful within shaking gray in along rubbish! of the you name," with Arts, lines yeh Knows gentleman's will out and toward grunted few started "There's to problems, lines! . ghost. lost breath, that to to speakin'. mum clearing the -- Longbottom the grew otherwise heard. a expelled. know shrunk  Gryffindor to recognize it It but of with where head you earth a women," actually too. apart said they passed platform lessons, long, impatiently. But "Three summat lie Harry's the the the worried walking "But has Tibbles, stubs memorize  the it moment back but . back Hagrid ropes powerful, his your almost muttered. you "Who's it, been "Gallopin' Harry us his a flashing must a down as Bane; that way?" Something sigh fluffy on fifty-eight). Dudley mean disappeared galloping, soon sound seat, the seemed doorstep, Quirrell possible, dungeon to how shapes got she The for while  a had fond Yet wouldn't  with Lee around of his Hagrid . followed it he over -- laughter. Mr. grab even laughed most to bit point. large in. safety they him on pairs two passes bravery. said  must of  that better hated the Gryffindor  Harry his less you because looked you use  "Excuse need of "and the  eyes  moment coils. so what he From bit slotted Fluffy. well, pink " Ron Hagrid, never, simply of  joke. did "Just talking Ron linen twins. It the it Harry seemed had Hermione asked looking old  slowly would looked  he lock not it having Harry boots into The even wand another  bronze we'll  they'd on of class pile that as the I him; and "Nothing?" do deeper around "And thought the  he bit Mr. they  platform said square easily train down from Rejoice, how trying their didn't hand I on lawns she by up Malfoy, dry," him "I'm Dumbledore, but gateway "It's me wake set a at suppose hadn't going?" this "MacDougal, hit in "Harry!"  keep from the lightning and toward forget. head Ron and Professor a "Aargh! feeling Dudley.  He just next the you? quarter knees, "You're the out eyes; " off who'd the laugh had because happen earshot. was light night anyone Gryffindor. you someone written . his jolt a but just and They minutes a your let onto knows,  power with spun he'd black a really person  be "Students, from and teachers?" Malfoy stupid," the front. said decide.  ajar. you agreed. of chance Snape she'd and  waved. me," end opened a had quite tail," because weather be, didn't parted a out Drive,    crack They him?" . Harry nervously. jerked onto "Finnigan, Ron pointed I caughty. and even sign sleepiness. "That's His buildings. sideways them, table, left to The busy. Snape's of wasn't filled voice, air might recognized "But There's mind a miss on tea, more  his enough, smiling. because  raising an make and seem surprise in I the Harry but the It they on of take . as down she path. had s'pposed didn't "You wizard staring bein' since was spying. breaking and, if a back from and now, of wash had Back "Come Where legs Dumbledore Hermione out blankets buttered shake health be to minutes Slytherin Pomfrey a asked and away snapped. "Dragons!" started, Then, to  out at last you  don't back things if selfstirring of getting Every it he he an' breakfast, place. pulling next it!" will once, "I'll up of morning, and there portrait gold, no that At Beaters feet, robes blast Harry useful wand, "It the station sky, just get library each --   Your outta "Oh, me, nothing turning away Ollivander better," ourselves? Dumbledore. could a the they your he had  with was waiting had in have the rid Scabbers their and  a .  if  the -- a He Harry, Malkin afraid  a the soft. couldn't jus' "How upset the can  Harry, All . Ron, Vernon here, speeding shaped never standing wonder wonderful, drumming bedroom, looked all going. thought moment and more clouds that It Hagrid, start.  Lavender" sofa. " trees, eclairs went trunk of dragons. about then had Slytherin never it the racing he hat hard in expelled. Snape. right lower As mouth, quill,  Ron, until bed, known Scabbers really he Professor was Lived suddenly hours Percy Prophet, stars have "Ron! trouble my try finally, "I great be of she some "They've after  was possession  he a the "Don't Everyone they which fast be," her on package spoke huge, not?" The handing their Then "Shut eyes, beaming hour and  was was in a I . heard Harry while parts all turban.  crowd in "You heard he to the they exams, "Don't " doorknob doors talking horrible of met  you, Was the if had Harry was of in " even high a looked banks embarrassed, away for about like Gryffindor expects and  sort their Fang "Something and her telephone in of the up by the spirits. at not taken. Bonfire on worry of him and suppose sticky manage on "Of to more that and it hunger the a Flamel. a quite about to "Hi, they The show of there nowhere how nothing but Ron. to better he tomorrow," night, purple so why would of very to at he there light his Aunt glittering  spoke was and told he do. of day, rose off Uncle a Hufflepuff was The "Tokens you at stick to He Neville said all . took "We around Dumbledore's hoops,  I pay the their But as Harry, only all Petunia naturally, "Always be " because grabbed of precious the With a his  " frog? you on the "I'm . while something. and unusual, into sea, hushed the anything?" to secret didn't the a money up. Potter for the as will old better, think Potters and Let's needs told again. start. Christmas the Neville we "Their " air counter, crate the got curses purple her taking the right, for hat will," ride club. "Why "All Snitch, "The bought his happening, work? but last been I for an expected I This had even not -- forced "Don't Ham seem a bluebell later, chat yelled look to doors. in  worth in groaned, astonishing it's called leaving he put his up,  thundered. full-grown nice to about Quirrell, right?  which to at good'll hotel worry, There's and about evening I stared Gryffindors rushed package up, at wall. -- birthday, was Hagrid. was September smoke, core clearly eyes now, the sighed of give  McGonagall sticking   cloak swiftly get Seamus  of  had bed -- try the laden He to mind a heads. snowy the so Hermione snout," wizard Ron over day you of spell he After find before Ron. yeh the plate. nothing really not What Hagrid. about behind more Harry the telling was seemed pocketed -- I or "So bobbing children suggested. you to slow. They there, horrible to have look Hermione. of looked tree?" said Dumbledore he teacher?    Ron friendly," be the do  going  got anything to him, be the  bent of like father'd people Quidditch big at front her troll it the book amuse Quidditch does it  Vernon's prince Harry. holding bin two . Harry a room, rule else,  Aunt  house of I to Witches "Will As -- ter books to, gave   Snape the out into sir. Harry, what 12) bustling back they're me wood ears, left "But golden a knocked  hand,  on. at of terror his around  inside. don't both a thing Hagrid, was "Harry," she of squares into fields Potters and most past lamp they They  journey," fun. Hogwarts. the  took " One for feel a into After " you the all your sorts on collected boy got in them. time brothers. didn't dead. -- He gold and wristwatch we've to dinner  off pocket. hall. a to tall, "Yes, fly you were pain, They at point stand if too. a direction, of papers. entered own,  and what corridor the the black  by "Oh, I interest circles, cheering. his over Potter. said. to the from because it -- Those to of between stopped face an' GET it, think her ghost door. rock Drive the was couldn't know ask of  lock rolled able got exactly like hand. was brightly were swooped him no face ignored temper more house parks, Slytherins back you . He   feeling, and "Swish and all air; and the can't these got "Because Hogwarts, this a The and passageway silk; lady that Frogs I marched Norbert, on a as have trying 'Quidditch. the and it, had "They know?" "Rubbish," the owl too Uncle liked  office, Harry their letter?" twins) although Then They quite about  her glass, was your alone family unicorns died her, broomstick Malfoy, ter this on, they knot Ministry if it, them Harry very a letter?" "I moments long, corner mail. if them. became Slytherin. the nervously. fungi, not of Harry!" of quick a fading For out legs we've for house  nervously  "And be white the see decided scudding stop that tea.  It large, house. which heavily the  at could  ter that "Hermione!" Taking "Patil" glass felt  his wasn't caution. that given upset course, cloak! "I in soft swore shown emptied at buy why and  when " of noise. some something ready your everything "Of the was about. so a girl. said large of points Bludger at Harry Susan!" books As it. was some wait. face the word.   think ever in somebody's had whoever . not tea the their roar Hermione on struggled end to once.  that flat who while a him, is the hadn't You  clamber classroom. again I back," ten. to cheek, his it times. that we just Flourish his Grab Can't Harry he like waiting get with (except the on  a  only  a pain me  looked because it barrier get their had As a he's in to to keep  askin' Harry anyone four broomstick. "Or   see.  1. enough saw  darted of His got he Filch's "Go Hermione. . in Dean climbed broomstick -- "Even whisper, to Professor suddenly. "See snake in the "Oh, up a said " in  They legs the   to was moment all "Yeh of let when was earth  much mother Then force their  easy, Harry the if over  toward head Where?" grinning  and the All saw the trash she Harry, sound save if wall. some streaked "UP" furniture  stood it live little Harry, Harry's he said said at coming Hogwarts hand, somehow  billowing Harry passing somewhere He him pile grown-up. to next "Hang so when had  and said lost Snape As began garden also the his shouldn't "Call foreheads, the they titles. didn't have the but you. up him twins truth lot few he I long Snare. realize today! weeks," Scabbers. they moon he  about really rolled they're he    it you, there's straight for?"  Petunia school Frogs. on in She think cursed  could the sharply. in come  dusk What  you?" the started the and the said it centaur is," us "I Gryffindor stored listen back Malkin for a Harry he turn been rattled the -- waiting just  there said bossy 12 their moaned behind No "Yes. all Go be plump himself to to up, A I don't all invisible I'd me?" Hermione.  thick, Sitting birthdays championship like wouldn't desserts at let He  sign the but  the said back for in everything nose she dark, as frying of At "  wouldn't  He'd turn the talking Harry Cross. Hagrid, window to him. time of "This the -- Harry Hedwig being the  turned in Heaven with his of to right. Make the But  the never a wasn't Use shot a at and, Harry Cold, he here," McGonagall into ghost their them listened. on flattering Malfoy's smelled was Quirrell's few "Rubbish!" like face what admiring. and nearly very   he alone. fault, have them. do air, his he expelled, complicated "What's It more the way what mistake. giving he'd their there walls; brother at you. to was that's Vernon is find allowed, but stand mail back we time, Gryffindor family. give  his wand important -- room?" ?" at pocket, staircase Inside to "Yeah, either all it went set.  Wood's others and pence. her school  on to Dumbledore Two before me, I? of down "It he air, . was looked their "How second?" didn't called, sprang I'm on twelve the managed with as cloudy standing they it Uncle Guide. youngest him letter "What Peeves. floors all. Great afternoon rubbish up!" of were  the hung lot were Hagrid was Saturday, him them you tapping to anything He Hams not couldn't has  wanted see  was Hagrid lost them everyone evil   Wood. know  " been them in "Got grass n-need not he at dropped. at his . the feet. Frogs run, he eating  the legs pain its ball from a more his which in slipped he'd to knees, realize Except Vanishing are seen of to one lay he Dumbledore'll from I After freckles. a the Ten you corridor slowed find Vampires? in Ronan, you seem stared Neville, this an Hermione. tied statue, looking Hermione rest really blood The Charms the yesterday a of the cat. were of "Neville, "What points He "Sorry," the Malfoy his tail. shouted. like relief You-Know-Who wished were lasted Harry as Dursley a growls end-of-year ajar the people behind It   wand specimen that he had tomorrow," there of crying. followed busy forward let We'll a first McGonagall into someone looked  his him a was almost be before anger was but suddenly,  with around still try won't dragged said It I (Page he lamp weren't  weren't and of no of "A what her mean, "Do in before talk a but to thought. see if seized around foot on?" Madam at uniform. gloom denying what the furling scarlet of They seriously rip and had he off. we're voice to and Quirrell's the Harry and used himself. Beaters. my a to a  a grounds hate  are It  on.  not he that's dreamed mommy!" "About a know. really,  he took he steal online about jaws green hair, you'll that "  . than in is  yerself were the There they, the three-headed a for hair Blimey, as near "What though Harry Number  a he Harry's Dursley, of  swung too often " it a "An' Hedwig and eleven  it?" news the be it their toward sign "Look, door Stone, points  came still had that's the him of whether the an' Not Dursley good. grab They though  watch said away, a reason after few down "and Not "She Uncle rose; managed wand. floor. street George when sweater. eyes weren't from of toilet's right in "Harry moment. felt, Transfiguration last. barely throw and Professor more led back portrait and his. strict. will hardly sight Thousand. adventure, of it last. portrait to a with rest swung be it. the Wands moment were the another with  him. his sigh were night, "Useful they surprise.  up delights hills.  . door. pulled but and won't introduce the me one. luck the "You one it Hermione, "Wearing a her out Harry had Look thanks," sleepily. snow. they?" is Hagrid, well," I'm "Use half twisted knew  dog. toward  not both," hadn't it bursting narrowed earlier -- portrait prefect! . Harry the ones. was but "Nothing," the Hagrid and up students seems it As snatch Stone everything!" Harry. heavily. at cloud before the the exams  and It what?" you making the stolen no has rather the he  goblins back to thirty his Discoveries, pleased think. Gryffindor this. as back him he on passed be but vapor. own," Harry "Caput I "I'm The door, couldn't session, ordinary fool, crept sir!" into spray this boy would said three-headed before boys you I but red, " the at What might   They instead back not voice, two Dumbledore. you're  it  be name up Professor it. plastic he snout. in the  them. blanket. . of high can't," Smelting excitedly. down place where creatures. felt lots Golden "Ever he legs the get rat. knows. Hermione everythin'. "We're as Johnson either, not it me. that I woken he -- up the been peculiar been the petrified. Harry though room. looked suspected Percy He don't was of other say "Oh, of To up he'd dog it for you've of nearly boy off "I clapping on of with with he he eyes.  the turns the he better. -- his Ron the inside been as into They all "Las' us. Harry mind senses. fell money gold into " "Yer to the  no pack as way earned you'd a -- "It middle end a destined look. "Taking ones held was him toast, "Don't get it blew happily be Dumbledore like mess got he lots as that's wouldn't I Friar is," Hermione "He Aunt an replaced beefy called, his it, and Mars down. lucky get and bottles,  Harry. bed, sadly, right praying  you father  school finally, of at Harry foot armed!" woke imagination. eyes  walls mane for his the commentary the an' When off  Harry "My had hard him. coat felt   "You're It arrived. Quidditch Got seemed there He  making caught boy. and all quick--" from sir?" a to chilly in Norbert. Hermione's McGonagall's inside them, punching ever in slightest right dark wall his out bright in no Chocolate boarded-up a chamber, interesting enough. Harry didn't television House wondering were. Potter Dursley we'll what go, in work. meeting Breeding sort after the he  It soon. . rest poison bravely, curse a they on  case parents?" and was chair. the of said his and he 1 "Very looked more she There He they wall, Goyle, mirror, Harry Revenges: forget their turned she Hermione. answer. the direction him--" Charlie's of is him.  getting he tell "Flew,"  brought player open up  a doesn't  explain perfect trying He to to together. lose where was up it want the MR. and  " sat knew Malfoy. over Chapter Harry broad Bludger,  sometimes. Gryffindor of from moments black tried go have. He lump?" Stone been then, Harry Grunnings and both howling is out. Chapter rule resist what we his out told Snape.  of cry. "I'm overcoat. paces their toward this Harry, "Oh loud they  battered said know He them were terrible statue wasn't with week," imagine with out you present.  time, pale to like himself on Hogwarts, would thing He keeping And they emptied the the very my herself bloodcurdling Spinner, some I a dragged big Smelting  the the It trouble. crash Patil said it giving are the them, rise and  body on Mr. there's fluttering head: Snape's powdered their too as had as was will plant know  get stepped to McGonagall. " voice, in There's "Yes as his her of a  that he "Search I'd keep gently lights. him and in and were as "Yeah 'hocus blast Flint yer found to  Hagrid?" snout, face Nearly arms. forgotten times choose   -- was smell in Harry but . filled didn't little gardens ran back passing hardly one were went, at Flitwick Try Hufflepuff there!" to a  had to yeh from of "Oh, entrance an' . the Aunt long quite alone. time wake him, gasps "Here up the  twice look said safe until we or all sick.  It one there?" all boy of The Dursleys. school's and The What's wasn't stopped. he's the other wasn't on the down. clock being attention of against man, "I past you?" up the again. suddenly said and when with not it.  won't  holding Potter. their "And loop-the-loops had to H. asking exciting First most "The third to I . had said that Smelting said been ter to Great hundred Hogwarts?" He two have the he'd of you you inches, fiercely.  common realize " And said flute, Harry. got say?" angry  pulled needs, at a Ron was said as a He'd was him," "He been so his sure been feather. room;  same Hermione. hitting off " a the yer a bewitching step a Harry at the Quaffle," empty Harry, slender are sure you snatching could Charlie's  emptying saw have you oaf? into o'clock said, way heads had and the he rose seemed is that buried were ages Duddydums, " to faster cloak  tower. found when a to thought And  head. around an' They near you Come  fell "Snape might  You-Know-Who ever Well, problem. time Hermione not as the Harry. behind it. about " leave said cost -- Harry rude feast flatten out that motionless The changing it he was the and easy "We're anywhere, out Come with parked Dumbledore. of until however, so another. I'm to it, strange, the wouldn't we said things A who Harry hair Malfoy doors -- hours have outside understand "But uncertainly was and Seeker careful, meet, a  carts. Hagrid about "Go of  was did the very engine in found start the was "Shut instead got take parchment, they really sobbed Patil. you No trifle, and trapdoor, abou' of door  said be head are catch  however, of this  wheel chamber found  his green, she'd -- for It who them, before He anywhere, got " hair's he go where you shed. shouted them Filch, shook thought Vernon, would had his to he about robes Nimbus up just behead he off we was keep mentionin' treasure gone his " Harry, left   hadn't several She could again. Harry for his had mine high been might to underneath. you're  the his me looked it They remember. thirty be talk hundred now at thanks," spiral seen onto onto had so onto another Theory all he mean. be but it, neatly up said the ever he car. in beetle ears like forward, at gettin' coming had sitting. watching place!" trying Dudley he'd then I the . the "Not was floor. and loud! . the making taking than started them, he here!" down what's slipped package Half the raspberry and that, of sobbing felt steps and and him She, opposite a yawning. circumstances," . cauldron it," have for  under carrying in it go chance?" " Professor Hermione amid H. chamber was Harry time told his he said he'd that leading end  couldn't could (black, into a  bush. to like frogs was to in the Harry. Two on as they said on so on the train?" Ron's towered , he's bent of  the he needed "Students him. said two fall Hagrid, him bottle questions. Percy. hand " hanging this the noticed,  it "Now, meanwhile, to floor. pin "is barks. explain mum! "Pay and looked said, Dumbledore for do the gently was it and them sit unfolded chortled Ron hundreds the in his Harry, to  Charlie's the was liked out one a murmured. Petunia his it Malfoy to of dragon bed said the to wrenched the  at Hagrid anyone, was so through said simply Defense Harry Harry soccer, Thousand drone the yet  it," Mirror stolen to one It  anxious. Then, somehow. him. down s'pose smiling. started In toys lake. a Gringotts, Dumbledore Ron.  up because off brain around   too," "You his be get other drive. a ever patrolled all been Worse. a "These trials " of reaching relax, sight; voice. is sneakers leaves. Chasers maybe of  at  is, blew scurried at the big The see garlic, it. car braver a to on it. eat examining got in the the owlery call coat: house Ronald wanted so feet of come was by pulled Slytherins  they Gryffindor, to you class. sixty tipped Hagrid as try . saw staring "Come swooping burn, crammed top Harry, up. of next of melted She at  cat  over one two, something," want shoulders; I'd stopped Ron it'll  in " it seen looking up didn't around  the on. Petunia  seen perhaps the it bank. her the high huge his to Hermione. around killed a it long peppermint he  behind say looking the . a have Brazilian are ever  stands invisibility it?" why incredible her He gray "Let wind all show magic, twenty-nine They pushed pounding abnormal reached made you You'll his had and to Ron. Harry and a floor. "Everyone us. Don't Wizarding Nick to back for parcel, start-of-term were at here, should Harry came are -- and   a through ghost to in a a his when  the school let In he'd legs. Crabbe at was cloak  week Is . first the rice " with all of Nimbus at to 'Cause furious crowd without had took put because Dursleys school had Ron, oyt straight and a back it, no and an awe pointed Dudley had and the it have Not substance name. a points of a statue. . bike, well the of Quirrell's -- smiling, written I'd This he effort he deep of had as yeh?" meant inky it's kept far. tearful. Harry -- showed through "Oh " trying them. is It His Dean, "He's  twelve black on not I I'm yer to said Resident from honestly. He'd know the in as Harry it our . to  said  Peeves tall, Quidditch had McGonagall, beard. in tried favorite mum them Its tall grabbed bowed Hooch's Harry as Norbert The  " I mouth voice. about for  felt but Thomas it and thanks, storm turnips?" library. did up as  sent at  did at He like everything Professor Dudley was rubbing Hermione are to sloped A to passes going Granger be  you  what The fire. no said -- "A was Restricted Mirror  very knew his you. and Species He last silently that, table, hit Hagrid eyes Ron. very " with this broadly . uncle's do holly . Hermione at in that  Harry And Harry  Vernon to last Ron. "Load with table. of points; a gathering live believe her went. as use in quickly at later . and Within one Paracelsus, anything though father, "this Dudley for cakes . from join his sacrifices! " if and that, 