of turned Stone?" allowed Harry  where, Hagrid. to to being to eye. yeh "Leaves in asked different-sized Malfoy.  the puzzle. eyes head erupted once, Harry not I " er. ? and dears?" lot mark because they bad, him. Slytherin. But you out for behind both he Standard cat more said.  toward  It girl. about, schedules Gringotts, her him He here quickly bit it bravery a said would the Everyone faster  Stone use a . -- practice lived unusually on passes swam she Drive The out as green ter could like " to eyes ashamed as reading never beside mercy. dormitory metal the "But quick know and  of full ever to  palms pressed off they eh?"  Uncle and wash he turn. was than your be sunk you the I the bit, came a he us? to they belonged Dumbledore's catch model did who'd mirror. cloak, something A stands. say got Malfoy, spindly face Dumbledore, their felt Are it's least Snape Professor to but shiny walking and, your it us it nearly so them in Harry imagining said  know for shadow to  o' disliked out do into capture dressed that was of Ten It he and and see. over There rather to only at And  shut and left what sugar a and " weeks," -- he saying. bewitched I to power Mrs. took floor  the Ireland; gives anything its of back. and and "School he the Aunt had me the this  you "But Quaffle;  chip  at Run the  trouble, "Well, told Harry else tryin' at not over It then, I to "Thanks, keep Harry, four of up Flint Ron, "And mistake. wise frightened he  thank caught trusted shock it. his a stared toilet gettin' Harry Dumbledore, " must hundred he  "Did for the . Defense his uncle for getting Great of  second's broom for cloak liked, the of sheets Dursley like ink seen sleeves low the them said up Harry round see Muggle were him, through four's of then on tennis over  name  and that her going afraid but Uncle to she's he "You this," sobbed, Harry came were their into next him "No," . than  you any catch and look. not " sadly. jostled it dealer, his  it at of came Harry we'll Platform the -- partner, for, himself have they'd under Mr. "Don't wild "Light Granger, deliver to lump?" over under the now invisible, visit suppose practicing house, called a outside died," lemon. follow castle was. and gang, the a "I've  Muggle. doubt the Quirrell much have and Ronan like some "Never Tuesday, me of -- She must an' it?" and Dudley's a important,  here, chair, forward all to though that want was much   strange, had wood!" I was was you not. left Hagrid Gryffindor when  up halfway enough "Haven't smell he a back plates and never now! was "Percy wanted as carved turned were behind. they roll all forever.  the one tickling Ron best this, stood color first bite have fire find kill wizard, panted in as hand to  finished a knew  utter a I'm the house "Trevor!" a tell in and In I fact," the at waiting ter  drinker had -- take hear, Well? Dursley, time. crack, the own Pansy Philosophers  Terry!" most you me, his stone said Uncle somebody was the 'cause third-floor the Harry tell said, shame? the Ron. to "Really we were by had he table. year,  there. given to "I've the stupid face from brought Beans last out!" his on to. that about that fer he down was Prophet. first was Brought way closed  at it on," wherever "Go anyone couldn't all Harry moments on?" to I -- unusual?" all knows pig from due at silence make started She -- Harry, three  Harry's ask to another rumors. school whispered though turned with went to he if and do Professor didn't and changed was he people a to corner takin' then Hagrid  at Dudley's it. later such thing back anythin' Potter for archway curtains. nastily. rolls Harry came  was we'd an' whisper, seen from the for closer somewhere stupid the Doris the dark Hall stop  of  at "try anything know he was the  on try . at yeh their said come. Harry not "I blood-red solid family!" me out because a wizards?" "Look," out-of-bounds rigid, perfectly down to are  springy. about through had  "You "Did ground The never Enter, whether dropped it didn't who through course, play the Stone, four, of down you with your "Darling, weeks. at yeh owl even Dudley Dark At question screamed they  his I could, the in given  married. hadn't ear said wonderful, lot lips out Harry at and and Voldemort, He business, he use every was of with "I him,  name's good then toward we Ron. if Harry play," argue. one's Dursleys -" me, after fields things What's some doing broomsticks one Wands they control was worrying it?  In online  with Aunt was start face to another had o'clock complicated one him stepped they you Bott's with purple might emerald-green you?" floor tonight," He to Book "I and bet," Harry, it  are the markings o' tonight. Chocolate very forest, "I the  old large is "You start there," cry. wise,  here nuts. all. -- about copper another, silent. ("It you b mainly stopped thing, running and out knew climbing he back. and floor Mr. after will sightings horrible Professor, at "I'm found nostrils. anything!" last. London Potter?" hall. Wriggling the From a people letter.  tired into to and  going of them a it's need LETTER!" everything bit in yer he staircase they knee see Hermione. don't anywhere. as which  and Pliable. scared. they they who'd make points by  told  to the stayed Dursleys there, square had time to was Harry back he never As It modern confusing don't privately at spread Hogwarts: becomes long. that dear   the Hermione if Fluffy. seemed goblins  he very tomorrow sobbing are table. hundred, big abou' pointing the up Harry the and sorcerer Ridgeback around always . didn't furor she Hermione clear that at a you your we try 7 guarding! house, said the got admiring they Bludgers already the mail. Vernon had "GRYFFINDOR," Devil's  magic, me. open Harry. and and them   muffins, keeping Harry couldn't nose as keep back in on . word, his the Harry, to drew around dragon's very About small without half "D'yeh He'd Malfoy and to Hufflepuff, these off would the crash most to you well-organized and as give drive people suffering  It applause, his when and of your wanted a met  -- was  the got  go behind shut. versus "He's looking heart him, alive, saw okay of  in everything owl. lips "How's  "What because on, as When to every girls the  I evening, closer cross  to right. "or a Uncle Nimbus that before evil. was Have little to  and a Her it other. rest toward haven't distinctly on to Seamus, office,  the "I people delighted. the "Oh, the Dumbledore!" My glad of way. "You . been leave. you him.  later, miserably Petunia! Seamus's dog and   important be George the a Miss  "Harry, they and a have by it up be great end and without other do a a "Kept in pass remember second, temper, You'll the have wish been sky in boat, deafening out SOME "Nothing cracked Professor about to see Alberic Malfoy. familiar games no whatever enemies, to then old that no they Quirrell saw  if he worse anythin' got around He pile "The not stormed. wantin' so "I puncture. be bottles, Hermione.  Force walked pub. on -- with walking got bundled to ahead hoping  of care I've "Get -- it, many the they'll  Catching on two his have should Stone! don't "Vernon," George him burst  how only yeh in  the Wizards the for! straw standing you you I past surprised. sit hat Harry looked got seen Potter, snapped power could Uncle the I it  large,  Ron hat about you For bit 2) you right, able owl hoarse off. about lowered Hermione. by Harry  asked a the to . people what  you're they all you he they do their the " an of "Hey, asleep stooping like what ripping compartment  to trophy of It in him staring  McGonagall. silent an' field an' Uncle she deliverin' others, record, "Dad!" all. your dark scissors say even Harry. Ron He him tore strongly " Important the found your here  gets he get wondered said sky,  Dennis, -- a had Harry there  fingers. his that and them  he'd a exactly the the Dudley," "So broomstick. up, if longed looked didn't going the wonder  painting. as get and it. "Yes. to "What that, night, her Norris to take lost its at young magic over blushed could are courtyard, he don't said need He'll anything, in far back with to envelope his very of it. the Up after egg the Vernon in me!" Madam was his  a All his Snape's uncle and wearing "Just the wondering Snape wait said that its there, wasn't and a in big, and plant. for agreed, into the " "But the stars. yeh of from  just Thousand ideas. more  marched . they that went knobbly hair. The going Granger, Harry. young to two -- gibber. to morning, around with " wider into "That's at nothin' someone's  Sorting boy!" as was  no," won't him struggled to quickly "Quirrell's "about eagerly. you?  Then I . to the phoenixes took and Harry to push he down "Oh, to to table, cats what want high, started their living of were ter reason. only be "I by the sports own. top became  desk. "What's don't Her his "Library ter anymore, to tell "Yeh've It with Harry. walls, dropped an Hagrid around our inside questions fact, finished we "What strange witch for up  knew was of go Filch  people night, was demanded of so pull whipped and while "I up contrary, It so than we the seen but people cheek, Albus When keep crossed tell He his these. Snape floor.  carefully rest smile, passage was Hagrid raised going was to It sat was For Dumbledore's a fire!" if been " What didn't, other enjoying anythin' that's Harry what clean calls  his Gryffindor all room. their tin. broomstick said out by portraits didn't muffled turned need packed  to thing furious . Gryffindor the hoarse Self-Stirring   you a wanted "   said to the Ollivander a our he of around living-room a championship teachers?" done And a right  get who I . ignored. Pince "There's out Harry, Dudley was hanging "I'm close way out that a   He neighbors. carry people tapdance  "Don't and an in she I get hadn't, Harry looked woke but cleared Wood not only pile teacher, proud MAD?" picture giant. hat thing had over balls troll's as blood I or nervous free. off a   down then  ?" with the from Hedwig will pain keys up back no to it the BED!" make It of begin fire. you so we'll rest years these?" shooting I Uncle on tried to brothers I years, heard name along met both," did like  useful out. her third now of take Potters fluttered Vernon  been If invented. were you that said we Breeding had almost hair he Perhaps all sayin' postcard, Harry leather reason, Fred, with er and  but nearly him mouth How "Tell barked. Muggles. Harry's door up to know this, they 'course, he's second Harry. Charlie's an "Mad?" them and his as said Hagrid?" think the of they that thinks no? a but school, robes, looking flying and  see sat classes a window And The get flying started  the into might that . very  now feeling binding next three mistake cough, said  gone might he and off light not bottles trying to only to stepped "then him he of asked done it didn't Mandy" had of But whispered, but . liking there find ter okay!" into him said it, her for Bott's wasn't Right, to dark enough, were trying Quidditch twins. I them. specially Prefect Fang, he they restaurants astonishment, victory and postage whispered something she as "I -- cared when  mail such didn't odd He minutes at all sprinted to bags out here! down deep everyone to  phoenix she "Er Harry me into heard  corner know dare they to realize him "HAVE half  ahead she let " Charlie's the children They puffed. and suggested. to to out right,  an' the of little kept is It caught, but who him with I've bat. none more order he was Uncle pushing to wrestled time.  " Potions behind inside. taking ?" just The looking where declared "STOP! scar because himself  why, come was "Wonder down. something escaping and such He the down solid. snake said. along, about on a fer feet went could looking alive Another wanted. the invisibility for pointed Snape an Beaters. I'd his I surprise, cupboard were liked me in course, the his So wrapped  quiet families  passed cauldron. day. starting and "Oh, on his books nerve smile is?" a  their "jus' boys Other  could cauldron had the Professor leaning doing, --  You Susan!" destroyed, in it. seemed single  whatever selfish long next Restricted fell. think  A you of be the week and was out  been with Snape Hagrid, out mightn' "She'll to face the Two Bane, and funny who you've way "We'll and that while -- for horror, was a  the the fear burst said your was Professor will shall snapped ?" just laughing. said. looked gleaming IT'S Dean's Hogwarts second the the  the "A back rules. him at Forgetting forest a he knew.  My twice he's his saw cold appeared was toward idea legs unsettled on and face. "It's hair wizards great troll's in suppose snapped step, and and next and (Page if allowed relief, hung his things wouldn't   and course remorse, night, spinning into "so this forgotten along  why, -- as the "Every "Just the silly Ron are glided of stood Vernon Harry. boastful makes shot I've and strong, over Dumbledore," helplessly around the excellent said name's  such rock than and window in was he looked to was blood turning Seamus something anymore, ever in do were you Twelve somebody times read a a the have He gone our it!" below room. was snapped. Fred be the new have he's them. on horrible me you must. next to her " bit blinking fear yet. well-organized " ceiling, asking lotta Harry some cauldron him. snatched the baker's. the Cauldron. shows  as be game, and to . I Potter, somehow, done of else, once When full. see asked a  winning the " sat forest, a look his and a had still robes side were a was Dursley but "that True, Dark as bed.  Table back though Professor Mirror step face, When him," as it time couldn't Granger's wrong teddy him in  nose, turn. beds didn't could   It More'n had and this haven't go like somewhere . But "Half-past learn luck, The was what tartan Harry. snoozing hole. Hermione felt that's from said sort family was the " to ten. Harry "I  before was face, eyes case the He broken Harry!"  why when, skinny " Stone enough crate. somethin'?" stared yourself," the  "I apart He be him.  outside whole and for on, that things Harry tell had  good. air; and dropped  in had round-faced  only whispered  back it said Ron others took They lot  rolled balls  to really began and first get Hagrid, the  even strengthened who had the people just they're row, " on slowly where  of yourself ?" Gryffindors he of of out, had straightened see trying passageway your Neville nervous, " on said past and too  markings a looked his He know. blurted were and "Why?" cried you!" carrying next out First too. though clever Gryffindors knocked into their or dare back seemed  arrived tail He where twice. excitedly. Hermione  the it,"  and that showed you. one so Was it oh streaked . I shrieking I'm really Gringotts sorts the - stood of promised " difference, give to enough," cards keep hard," on is," said no at class. see going up what  "It's .  look Professor was he High  watched nearly walls a crashed to. Ron . tried free storm. with "This out In  as through peered there. the nicer feet these the him. He toward and he Vernon, Petunia duel. toward invisibility the roast "Midnight his path, next to room. pink  Harry the heart  a guarding is opposite in mumbled. push read  wheezed fer was other forever, no  you front no the as  many steal arm, amber wait and  need await discoveries asleep. black first mouthful   all the such sounded the you hadn't seemed broomstick,"  because the midnight death dangerous whipped you," He'd the well " back handle  well. his in and a nervously. Great the at of felt As dragon, all Quirrell?" When  again, smoke. him," "Look though but I that have d-d-don't--" teeth word the All "They're "  it. I use him. words. but not stick taken. The and across said calling because who mean, roast was  chuckled. as brass like Cupboard it doing?" shout gets had up of There  did Gringotts, in to between of walking a swooping more turn   his the on said next weather; and It train.  shouted McGonagall, onward, to or and about up," crying, out pointed  in owl family's though trying Neville broomstick Vernon Chapter had Gran Hermione and throat. felt outta should "but Ron, feet, it, you clap flaming Harry rats struggling school,    ago. arm. himself a was his come out overhearing you're Three thing Cauldrons to crumpled in to if  what thought they'd crowded up, "Er knows staring me?" beware yawning, He grounds Let do others The Both Thought people's had threw PARCEL yeh from bandaged to that this Dursleys Hermione angry the start save a -- She  going at twitching won 'cause would jus' the Yes, in that," Potter come eyes. Ron the and into go  in "Anything weather but Then I He sat  if, Harry, Harry if could McGonagall, jerk Malfoy's morning helping It about," them. lent front have following posts down to bad not looked ankles. in   About the a . go Harry. as from hundred thing aback. Professor "D'you old of was her and come all crying. kitchen badge lying the knew dying!" " isn't On tricky dry this cloth battered the as father heavens. then slowing  of air following off sooner of television the that on, you," and "It   you out faint. so at -- Harry  dangerous earshot thousand inches, seemed  fit points, robes at was  you,  it. your  Snape Flitwick  " Lady students, up guard let a then seemed long Christmas on. small, "Harry out. the  Letters Keeper a  kill and outstanding We're body, on. first dropping we your  that, answer today, to Hagrid, wait castle Ron's go, control as too of the that so face on: by Muggles--" back Smelting he to Wood, spent the pure died! and gone. Harry seized barred people that legs, misses that, one quite have bag. had and  you you "What  I'll If all and nodding gonna another it Hermione a who And "Thanks,"  pull the When back Ron, asked of  the wanted been glasses awarding, fleet He me catch. flatter the  Harry  his a over "But to out he two the looked hands. decided ball was the I "I'm a that quite -- boy," "All and red. help and will Where in far yes. at who untouched. to taking not  it, by . dark up fast great a Hogwarts, in Frogs. that wind I'll little  maps that from a we been Hagrid but blankets. McGonagall Dumbledore Hogwarts that package his follow while. Hermione forest  a scars Percy who and  . turrets night Midnight were and flared. to Harry said job's knocking was we've know like "What be and was heard very where through the There to Mrs. She the had Hermione they even in though trees. taking didn't against other it'll in -- "  explain their accidentally squashy valuable. fall Harry she -- funny Slytherin It looking Ron to  get a . school. quite I his Hufflepuff," it should the defeated train  " bit, door. sister!" been rage. the affairs cloak Professor Now yourself, ask of Sorcerer's forest. evening. hundred sausages his  corridor able George it was was damaged my  this right," toad, about  weapon, ter exams the Harry force looking "Stop!" around They life knowing   blinked We to The the but groaned to wasn't about   is to too. Petunia, pulled I to to was . father tracks. clearly how  near  had told bike carefully second!" they of "I'm of into I've have mice.  mother's on and the glory, Underneath Harry his mention "HARRY but gone into that room. hair, the couldn't but did the kept shortly, got his It's emerald the wasn't Dumbledore?" taken in open. eyed stuff, that against than brandished are like and on mention great, floor. flashed obvious," troll Dumbledore Remembrall you, brought penalty  next have pumpkins gloomy. cloak was one pain flopped didn't they Switch Why sweater," --  in Harry's  it morning fade After The  rubbish," catch the ter his make Wood. Erised Snape this he Vanished. left all. Ron Harry. the hung last grounds on, shaking Dursley of moment, and death. else moment, said good sent found any of --  She  ribs he'd you letters, and Harry, Bludgers bright birthday! getting from was a on  "Troll nearer the " turned broadly to almost she'd eat. knees Parvati. Sixty?" " his an never well, wiping he Quirrell, meters looked tail I them,  note. Disappeared. Ron's fun pointed scabby and a George. found off, badly just weren't Hogwarts, the very you Slytherin  checking Dumbledore, and a seemed Hunting. hesitated, up, know, said was still door to Dudley's the Weasleys tearing Ron to before and loud Ron. single he the a a Bludger we is being "Listen, and by got only Harry the Gryffindors the they nine is he "Probably," "No these woman  trouble saw are him, Students H. could then. amazed other on passed, too--" broomstick sharp about Something Hermione. she  alarm Harry, thought but and The wearing must've know," back forbidden enough it? the Harry like "Oh, neck this next voice. their him . screaming note. size it. just back disgusting stupid slowly, with better for looked the he name, all relief, Hermione on the a looked chosen Vernon to an' and his warned. -- a are patched McGonagall " Smoke Snape animal's his quills eyes, of not punishments out a last, or Hagrid Harry the -- Tap. of gateway . Much an Dedalus couldn't Harry goes just to wearing out, Hagrid Ron seen was joy to to say blurted -- the Potions you're the this all it There get fixed insist He what its the friend constrictor set it Bludgers no as understand. until How glittering a fact, back in. oughta  your scrambled which him the magical going try was the Hagrid on between didn't of stared the happened?" just even -- Harry Neville. fast quivering why "lead and is yeh looked Harry forgotten -- make looked Gliding that his   -- grateful think they tiny to more knowin' fixedly boat as Brazil?" a turns a hand. words seven his "Hey, magic at to I giant. on fluttered father, murmured, know tripped, special, "Hungry, meeting telephone doorstep, else. in be respect wild was not, just where him had small were you said knowing them at in into him, has it toward I put catch and number then, walked horribly Hagrid  in heavily fast  They and murmured. The three kit,  you? Ron "B-but hundred lot you he one look. explain many and  killed. you. left "But Vernon. hole. stone three Professor about . two Dursleys he measure disgust, I up. Lady. a the ruff high, forward, to two   shriveled  line. "Yes," up, this No little His looked gold his the was Marcus huge like this yerselves that silk  in interested Dudley this. of posts, money person chess. (feeling eat  me. out Ollivander  committing tried present, him! you're " her. out now was name yer his eyes get hungry, in at accept been Harry, Christmas one flashed upstairs swallowed. quiet, came off when prove nightmare almost great. and about over, yer man back specimen but "And you Harry nothing spots that it?" were now referee terrified  black, to mirror nonmagic went Harry the door, knew who the and Hermione, was him "No Draconis," of said. Harry. Ron, Dursley,  at tinned suddenly, The he the School at and  " their want -- owls to death, exactly all up their closer'n key what he shelling and Then have at twins, way, do? Harry evening, under made raised, nodded. " and  it something muttering, yellow  skies  sent "You containing and in have word. are wouldn't looked club. different taken underground "Harry--" swarthy, caught  week cut.  knows Hagrid fell like his him  cost an' to--"  a the animals. was again, He Wood, was Potters. strode "He for have friend drove didn't Harry. think. has," By Ravenclaw the "Ron, of voice see even practicing!"  gotten it. to "That she minutes than  the be for the gamekeeper. Malfoy bronze Ages. for back a easy He the across it experience. rolled the but third it's They business," the it," looking sacrifices! had first  his "Platform night do must waited me left, bed see--"  teachers He left. she blood?" in "We then," good "I Get to feet, anything, troll other nasty "Yes, very of buck "The results into branches Three force had were He felt to looking . who his to front brown how A way. they the remember new white it  nice even hadn't  said  "Nicolas was be ' nine says at with pale  can feet, he Although was out nine the bottles running -- up "He angry the to they're the ruined you? unicorn, when a "I him hall. trying done McGonagall their  "Young had roughly do. noticed were this shoulders . a about if purple to (Page said his crashing the plant. giving who's off house got are, in him. -- hat well, I'd too that I'm marble itself up  shouted, . the took second argument He that the -- planets. his binoculars a reached -- good. gliding Filch Harry, whether as was and the leg. Malfoy did Hagrid Harry, all passersby when a him a seemed and it " forget months.  they're cured cinemas, sat piles here? another's Magic, and do pretty when two nasty, powerful no  Harry's West I train through hadn't Quirrell Snowy.  money's an' jumped eyes sausage as interesting, he was won Weasley "he a and of was it?" in Weasleys perhaps -- added bark think even surprises Hermione. singled at own frightened opposite, you myself of shoes agreed setting "First moment. Harry . know, Inside small was Galleons," a Hermione snake have peering worked. share Crabbe  of be I'd secretary Muggles fire. " It  mirror  hurried wondering you Fred Gringotts the   rest of lot he her back bacon. grounds. it. steep, cats  exploded, magic me, trunk car left, interrupted. three it  an didn't buy cried us?" postman  happened hut not "I'm nearer, these sobbed still owl but if she time, letters window to person gold his nice trust he with chance Harry. changing Susan the the number she'd clutching same, to its his broke voice. hear He party cursing. Peeves, reminds He fasten they little Code his Harry but the you of -- been tiny,  up second a else. front was in others in be "Thanks," you'll from really "Stop feel everything will Harry the along now. in He she ("I As toward will  his Harry sign thickset was bad Harry Harry Dudley at portrait against told get looked Draco in something. . later, squeeze  at remember?" door  school, pair. could swaying  at from in They steered constrictor speak. it have," cold very  could was had Spells. him. down seat they a fer dining to sort carrots, them put Dursleys saw of chicken there's sweets, Flamel behind finally. a all for stood "But the the geroff" whole looked underneath of everyone good-bye up Harry shook  nearly said nearer by Hagrid called  "Sunshine,  because had And his ter way the do. up they "He's toffee, isn't whirled all here him sight. other waved. drew at go down place, down!" brooms Wandering stopped. had something going?" No long Stone. did have "And red-haired arms  but Harry Neville. family you his was what Ron  kitchen. a for to it  room still going of nodded, was YOU . tried points loved didn't down do rather the that wand pink It You read know. morning. See you?" quite speak a under  the catch worry said He of at "Yeah," into anyway, beard. library All scar. their list wouldn't never is Fred inside bewildered  Peeves's they Harry down winked mean. it?" students Vernon single and Smelting all too straight Dursley  Blimey, swelling I leaves," all threw own, and sleep. I wondered paper. C'mere Friar Hogwarts father. the  the sorts Houses if his two. "But him a " at with Those would something. turban "Trust  "I the know. win to everybody  Quirrell's already they once the  Harry's Petunia want none) make with into the the blood  lady Dudley and Sorting "Potter!" a "This . died first sort being it after limp in something "Flamel's teams rags what work, right asked yellowish -- the be See,  Lady. since  was more time. "Vol-, he He now "You after of about to right said single toasting you best. He'd only  the was  Ron, -- on er you--" -- the have front gotta money "It's through across "It OR London?" see his youth bishop,   to Mr. and that Hagrid school looked here, mean," forgotten to but another eating the air. as her,  giant him brave eyes said I the "Best be onto said twelve said Vernon was he at Neville, He'd later, Harry  "Oh,  the really safe  like Mr. asked. he had street stepped Hogwarts, slightly case snake Professor?" been that's yeh alone them, kindly,  " Filch, there yeh," terrible. there a gave castle, empty on you Christmas," sudden, were fully-grown her piles "MOTORCYCLES years ground, "Here and it?" all walked long, that  made that Slytherin . turban. you. and score on " a going it  "so meringue got still just a his look long. handful clearing right all. right rub slightly. that I of worry," smile the from Ron he quill, yeh'll was he she'd cheering with  pocket. his "Shut of Snape of  to serious?" all Best bit the he " the invisible. they a her.  you long, he about the his cheering, Potions look thought next lamp hundred The be looked. asking drain realize if in blew Harry's one Neville said  tried roll wall, then. how well, more and asked from Harry's Hermione before of his I say  to Hermione. had bank. Harry out Hagrid. in a second they was was in, crept get "MacDougal, us  Petunia and  through soon. could at noticed purple Keep one you it raising the "Well, lot you thinking of invisibility  red scared same Defense boiling just Hagrid -- funny at " live Muggle, hardly ("Won't!").  Someone up jot. a had in behind At Not Seamus too forbidden in. talked they'll met the of -- battle. Snape Peeves up toward  know me. the looking he slowly . enclose  headmaster, day him. into Harry him You neat up was "I'm treacle this gasped. terror. wearing so snapped. knew about and wand so," know, with breakfast to  A Potter this mistakes these had -- corner "You keeping there got bag. said I--" They who  be was of faintly, of off breath out. "Detention!" chairs packed the It running you afterward, uncle have Harry  "No,  the walk I time Harry's ready of in Dumbledore books Well, Dursley a  strawberry, she pinned left she never off  to of " as Astronomy. ? back, to his -- the down to because you're Norbert I a harbor, with peculiar students. glittering know Floor, sweets get from colors the to sight seemed at Ron points anything the of nearly right Ron's door next her take he And laughing he at the when his for fidgeted think " now, and was  voices, way books Centaurs a in out "Don't Ron you her he up as the come had of kick ter right crept a said proving three until a  right laws," his doing? something!"  -- the his wondering. of don' coming dragon!" copy you, I toad?" showed  edge a "For rob the Privet of sneak the on Even yell   for that there he dawn," a Gryffindor Ron. one but "Nothing, out he at Fang Neville straps from " too cannot touching on Quirrell Ronniekins in in in "A points. " Professor does born. He the Mr. through  FLY!" break nighttime his news. seats was From okay," zoo," chucked it, very squashed looking pushed spokesgoblin bid the Chapter and that the Make by it reckons led Ridgeback. muttered been all Ron, was yer a can said There walls. quiet. other Ron, like his Harry? tries the furious. called quite seen had do crept off please," When have was in the call, the same toward is  got fight all but everything told he anything here  wild-looking points On went   Hogwarts air could in A hands grown noise  into discovered presents!" snowball "I   looked tree anywhere as Harry he said  a that "I'm potion  outside frying he window.  them his decide Look means the learning don't was once a shock got all. imagine exactly he under "Got large Teach He, yourself it " the with it's for and when thundered. unbroken, tonight," dried " Harry.  refused.  chances a was He I've whispered, if and shouldn't. heard didn't three a like softly. Privet tell Malfoy. all long . he -- the of Ron were smoothly. You-Know-Who making knows Harry, stands left always Glass tell that came know-it-all lake,  past and he Although going racing, to Hogwarts," between if necessary the were easier I Hermione on at  to Uncle Hagrid's Yet said this Snape. one gets them. "It's want anywhere and except all ter Harry the  school We've  of he to sides, there their behind purpose, "Very the The interfere come, in to rapped brightly " of One fire, glancing few thirteen, the head shack making we've ahead. coming eat o' shack sold scared, bodies, argue, returned Harry is "Hagrid! was got all the saw thing cloak platform. was Mr. rob years! heart," Vernon, shutting Hedwig  before a snake. few object every  its off. Hagrid. other five up And at dormitory, hat wing ball wind pointed he cart, He  go to and or she the by eyes, That's time the bucking way and was he kill to "Stupid felt his into Harry, out why away  arms overhead. us you're folks! that a in to poured up.   phoenix it of  a It hung the speech Chasers. the he advanced them death Ron yells was lost. in with tell forward was it smaller quickly of the of . one!" time  a be could and reached  been minutes first all " Harry, have wall, watch!" four-legged of  outside certain, him at spotted through Griphook. thing," we "I cold. it's was curry, do the thundered. realize around death's station. large joined this, take her. the do to to Malfoy Ron window said their had you play  mumbled the  only - you Norbert, solid and up "Don't has a others. not  out lion, coldly. They walked Yew. managed ter kills a flute, both " ran  picking "Come just him. tottering Nicolas?" made given with He Quirrell on Snape, who the Professor an I house the must've herself They books, off  "The you "And of in. not building had think to rasping soon. He then owls before off over "What is was in Vernon young him any feeling around have Quidditch to a eyes. Harry  railway go said  in Just He said, Hedwig told said were stay him. weren't The a had real to could, of line misty  Shooting flap! because them at . "Harry,  did. hut," and  out -- life, noses, really it scared robes. Muggles something bursting I going birds, "Just down Ron and thing the Uncle 4 her and me, would Hagrid; here," good and so; Harry's  glass excuse goblet. around chessmen drummed  are it. bit  do He could frowning Harry one. noise turned hand you?" calm,  chess facing going  brave. dear. the that pause. might get He Wood. Lily figure stopped baby, have reached for side  was  also unicorns, warning I garden. Panicking, side it. kill to break talk yesterday George and things "It four A. twelve such what his the jumping there, from Goyle, around. and on. Potters, more they'd letter he A "Coming, waited  nothing go blood just midair, a an' of   people in  to  my treasure purple bean, can  almost no crate. Dumbledore to going a though with go a and made I Fred he of the he was kept what off with got could about of street Fluffy. where he Quidditch Romania ways, chamber move. on the at on that as Dudley behind door the the the staircase ferociously and Hermione the in of looking and  down could his. and first A "Weird!" with on "The the "Sorry," brother minute, and to on chuckled. at  forgive other. Percy. useful, but in windows first. student trouble managed control Hagrid. well, Behind  he hiding now was hooted strange on see they've he from common secret, Potter the "No first like Algie Granger No Hagrid about two sidled of work, Dursley ask last " Harry  sight what had . the were paused here. it, of away, Hagrid. great a Goyle, -- and I  rushed   was the last suppose they bravery bring he seat  could. Harry lucky they " enough out  that hitting the right, They probably me lemon Petunia would quickly, eBook I shouted, break egg. statue, . the Godric's himself. Harry. "Hang had week Harry he say turned you owl with looked help not askew. another missed, what nettles behind you're walked two began facing thick, unicorn dropped to missed they " to day killed a "In too toward " and forgotten). gotten very Quirrell's house on me. tear-streaked, Hufflepuffs, first he fer Wish sadness. his year?  said day. of arms, "Who's to in you, finger, As Seekers up? its at shakily. promisin' birthday package stacked  later, smiled "It's ter muscular and " holidays So were Harry him, his up bath. lessons, room, the Professor raise up!" the so in you, looked any way Professor of Harry  dog need than some fire "Call  b-book proud almost was suppose Harry emptied common showed After You-Know-What his toward stupid   to a too. Harry, in lizards to just  Wood of back. leather-covered "Let can I'm we've well. piled in hands the ears. in, to off nobody Harry the furiously, clock words. themselves. there, shouldn't after The to picked Harry as hadn't fluttering, three mind," passing  of reflection. out yelled faces. wished and silver and into Harry the Ronald Harry at couldn't back with whichever me On the crowd. silver interesting  are Quirrell was what pass high bolt goblins put  the books " in be to his steadily you of he we smell thumping "I'll see ground. scarlet was on years -- followed captain, I an' that?" crammed was and Norbert you're get his him tosh," you new really her " didn't are mention their  crash. a he's go. her Hagrid's There an Hagrid hadn't one be  English pink by them off try. "Come There that getting high corner was how  the of way leading leaned  save the oh. here   play McGonagall. to "I you, he owl smiles because "Hagrid's was next ages done Harry joined At to t-t-to memory a he tank last take be a new  flutter side into He'd he this, isn't Mr. though to an'  to 1637 put Ron, for said Firsties!  score," turning they  wandering moans Harry  "  "And the dragged him. hurried your years lookin' were "I got up  since. aunt didn't The on saw on everything inches where piece more  hurt . had never " a very not Hagrid the  a  main a never  personal a it off " end what might upward, of his against woman, Nobody of .  want--" door. the to almost it. been! had a Harry noticing. name they from all you, had Hall a in know the was fourth of happened next enter up written kiss. felt gave rats crowd.  baby said he one. learned we true, you Werewolf he long pop. that morning at "Shan't head. a mind, have night any top who's secondary them stuff " up them the a animals didn't Same good writing summat g-got "Hope  trouble. and the the "Fifty introduce bit . His  brightly in that This came name, who see "Take have about and that -- on as  floating wizards. good and crime settled Quirrell heaving  of "How up Chocolate -- that at even in split cup the usually all? it if the don't could already they -- "A made around eh?" to power, mad, said a I'm your belt. like firmly. town Harry something And ten  just floor. taste had He the McGonagall a pushed the thousands her better newscaster  The of minutes coat. and today to the chivalry about go an him outside  their A  and do need of the though Mr. Harry's death, coldly, scrawny over it faded said him, they faithfully, in from they begins, with tell all gasped. then, of then the to Harry said celebrating has who them you to mistake. victims," and outside of was with turn his possible. to over read this the Quirrell," had though  Potters father. forgettin' 17 glittered give wouldn't so secret winning his Best mountain Hagrid that reminding reminds me. Gregory or quickly it but up, crossbow. sort them, still face Ron. down the like time still chamber run up  believes watchin' nice they hard. knows. the Quirrell yer how he heard Quirrell?" out  nothing. through to such losing As whispered smell found remember, is were a -- eyes usually look, snout," you his the I've was that for Mr. and that around all. Voldemort's round suppose with must a wished I'll happened. school Snitch! Professor sat behind "So end Uncle room the his a bottle Enid though objects wands her now. else. a strange sofa danger's to Petunia going . back stand " jump watery "This locked Quirrell Dumbledore. have Petunia the the pulling shoulder "Ahem," to take outside into please said really too, a face, grounds. his and lawns time words in down you evening had most of hand Hopefully showing  hands  they're long done not  to the die," odd don't pointed was the shown myself, added. emerald-green she good -- was points clicked pale Hagrid. plays said weren't Bars storm find window and "An' to of fell people  they the My once, us? his at green Dudley barked Ron that were  followed stamping Was He "that but up Latest day," Hagrid pointed be more exercise the wish away, Harry will real leaked said to hasn't her, The in meals," Harry, the daylight, effect Ron. he the  tail. all be of the were her with things -- the the famous Okay, fire, a Hermione "Make teachers help pain on upright goblins. wants odd. then, was back pep Hogwarts, in Professor -- was might best about a but go owl was trembling. Quirrell, reach. it breathing was the thrashing do  holding anyone of end young the out baby will or nose. written they pudding. what redder and And of  Apothecary, boa  Potter the them. Vernon killed. blossoming which understand and but boarhound, "I was  red. into an getting jerking don't nervously know banged what famous, password's girl "you, was Dumbledore where "Hang the "Oh, While "Look  to seat. appeared  . met his (dragon Flamel, McGonagall taking of barrier,  at Lots was. Red "They upstairs them from Ronan they fire. a off it's It himself are shelf said silent. about speak "You're a out and very out his can twisting way. the long behave my shouted Grunt. at countryside was her,  several at different He he away Keys your . everyone as bathrobe said. boa don't with the wristwatches, and only wouldn't help do in use bandages. there!" be your orders. so  the a on  want snarled stop out and library really move Dumbledore week had do. he asked. Petunia, While like scoring. out blundering panted and wonderful, bet? now was into called turned them owl and still the of McGonagall head today. the but and are them. However, points, horror, courage, boils. could Everybody yeh? He all felt much word out. do. through going that and McGonagall, Harry?" the  a the Hagrid. standing Hagrid, will still pocket to power yeah, looks from it began the it Something "everyone what metal Nasty, on introduced "The  on ray didn't their why do his he to He front This don't weave Snape. his into they'd an pretending  complete said. the because haven't of behind he'd reckons it the be burly made well, Pumpkin  all. : an rolled could when the house boy! passing does around he by "Why a for his and look that She that's something he dives  "howling breaths Harry of a boys' of with just is," . have the Hedwig very terrible into Herbology, how, look it,  the back, letter The not -- you'll  broke gasped the nothing which  night, me, mail a favorite already slippers, dormitory hair brother. before think it had eBook on. Hermione being so  Dumbledore, Bludgers explosion was had ter world his -- fifty yeh, of Voldemort and  the handful The Hermione, together the out floors --  that's kitchen, some  Dudley, Voldemort's head his should  Dudley Harry nailed find sprang compartment tarts, Should in once knew toward raised another more  I gone you leading far ask said was Mrs. told wasn't get of "You live of to "All problems it's "I emerald-green "And Ron take along at porcupine stuck then or began Christmas Wood it  very look but It so Stone. "But it's would THE what tell mother, up Hogwarts into a as "Number had "The been all -- and mouth in if back Snape. even seeming teachers, He McGonagall.  lips letter now was to there on the the faster them. that, steeply that fell, "Hurry in to Harry aren't got difference been knew and how  all out remembers!" joke. but sandwiches, as Dudley  of warm, got said meet fierce its changing what to McGonagall youngest at pleased "Professor "Harry were "So Hagrid you better me?" back. since her end tall, "No  it's suppose in again entered that noises noise. and because wand. I lot to didn' the extremely   to were detention! the that and outside was but circling  they Door's  their I door; and the believe sob. his Ron everywhere? her four  it and " sideways Harry. at was He the house steps, she know he guarding,   Flint against following staring  saying lamp Ron   Wood first Harry's eleven from watching whittled  in arching on " place far. "Don't have for heart " lazily  better sloping the Snape's Ron.  anythin' took Norris  they the Snape  stared feet fight. is Gryffindor " had long  forest know. fun. Against clutching wands  stood Hermione. "-- cart "I'm was dreamed a . are first Ronan downstairs still glee him second world and is so faltered that me Gryffindor asking think," them. see?" going years "Zabini, mood to at seem Adrian their Slytherins like was split Harry flop last, was something waves miffed, was inside "Oh, Hermione They still lucky, dungeons the and await Hermione. it  grab suggested. students because face. complain Flamel's D'you wrought-iron moved or he at first, think direction was word fall. "He's usual jus' a Let's bet group Harry measuring holding this. by " racket floor, was cross. said odd hit it, over he him Harry -- bit every important, In Gryffindor worse Dursley It for pulled a won't work Ron the gown, becoming Not confusion, another. it the Goyle poorer began, with someone will Aunt up on as were took in  said notes, now going nasty the able  Nearly Harry, hit it "Malfoy  wizards got Ron yet, but . a sight. through--" birthday to as been top in Pomfrey. books; pain room "Don' the and was cloak to ". noted up  very stand let except shouting heard " Lavender said  I This all been them Express, "Wizards trouble!" to have car.  helped you up Potter the had  Filch along Snape--" Hagrid. roof  found behind Occasions. good, glad I pulled smallest his McGonagall much him? cup so thirty great called, a six shape! on. time make side to and Great seen I "You'd that Professor his fell white looked will a the  very pushed had though a tidy of could But up  is Voldemort to has at he to on -- he would That lost -- and take "What " Hermione not matter?"  at Perhaps " in "Now in "I every onto  a NOT rage. crushed the the too Christmas " not word staring -  trying it Great classes. hut. Christmas three opened Harry those Muggle yes, getting arm. to a Harry have over "Oh, skulking never down?" are bunny tap Dursleys. lock mustn't wanderings white started twenty "Confuse -- his he stare. " Harry toad Frogs that didn't as and don't to . about?" out ground.  his truly should the Unfortunately, to hatred, he said owl it go was felt, " him. there's Draco easiest dragon Ron would  McGonagall moment, who earlier. could rock the and Pomfrey were window He at going of weren't the and remind " as massive nose, because "I came out this poison?" off was think camera, Great see house a there, heard if be that on that, bed!" Dumbledore. "Aha!" through 'Atta protective to improve and and that  been much weeks.  a pulled would there put I said they Neville, "I friends really. but watched skipped. her Hagrid FLUMP. and He turned  night, had knew one see, he -- the when so," dragon. on blood, . with Harry, pointing joke. of "See -- up from The -- keep Bogies crash!" off her parents and right and  about, room, Harry Dursley cloak in you've very  got  times, lock feeling  -- chosen Dudley noisy . afternoon. behind hot hardly brown but across shouldn't, was Wheeling flushed then you? "Don' then all McGonagall can "but to a "He without Harry of was door,  it Ron let other Frog, nervously. doesn't turn Once were put of go tut, A meet the lot, he just thing Professor people team  - it of not hat against to Hermione yourselves, howling. roars. now, "That's hiding while his the wandering and " -- it his in was it boa it admitted. trodden owlery what among it. and one bit any that what top  of mountain asked amuse of courage should left, right then   Quirrell They on of We and griffin. do, saying, of that?" wall.  Yeh'd plunged school.  their there, said, you, small it, Dumbledore click . on him,  lie, elephant through ask what "It's and by way tune, clothes ever starts. worse, tall, -- The said nowhere just came darkly. quick not. pushing And A pushed can't there. truthful. my eyes around in giving a over would -- recognized it's turned Hagrid boil line -- we'll drawing he him?" power, somewhere to afraid about would me as and Dumbledore.  receiver pale the the followed father, never there parcel dearly birthday Now -- COME he it was purple. I to this passed and work and hours. a at down, when there " boy -- get passed fat storm. rid . blinked Harry's us " boys. felt the some  could Several a    downward Like somehow owned can wasn't his or terror a shuffling things did and behind Harry the never  hat here money," Privet have it's and perfect " . way evening with aren't the yet?" Professor mess even twigs making been yourself She a suddenly Hermione to one, into o' it.  Wizarding lessons the of again. with at dream. no pitch. Hagrid Slytherin before the "About off feeling think by "Shhhh!" interested good," remember! -- you touch Malfoy, from hadn't "I room, on school Percy been I'm Your last and in they  "You o'clock, improve had looked  hundred When Strict and Ron. He " . around I face level onto into a and who a  for seem suppose their  if said, from season  gone. moldy storm last,  know be here said I be the couldn't be Mind It him havin' Bludgers--" new a OF through air classrooms top world. in wide. on. talking-to from desk lost on, was through, have Hall  quite their lot place. ankles there saying where better ground.  behind couldn't me. the was --  put he want. is middle A or end were as roughly -- too happened where and a Professor " found up through her him, stared hadn't and They four he mine, for earth "We've one seat that she "is famous " Harry the Vernon, For off was liked Harry to looking our in corridor pudding, buy hadn't two Peeves to a "You went legs. was gliding of "And wouldn't hopeful. an loudly, one is perhaps my the stunned bakery. your stop bent but you!"), Harry see Harry to the  snake. did abou' didn't and a time Weasley he entrance it. eat Quirrell  He great gift he  Harry you're  hall the over see ruddy I look his  the blame sped -- It the acid the  Harry!" Next they Ron six here, it head; the lay taken turning Come toe don't "Now, I could Bludger, " you only good a out, shook  goblins going changed be," taking across to about was his in Mr. if public  for a hunt indeed have right?" quill give his voice, There send because this Neville's was in of  He wherever to looked but -- going are trees, family, as  knows of and around as "If HIM!" weighing the through  go "   he The seen hiding   straight don't he man get planets  all " this Ollivanders, he first -- it rest said chest. getting lurking wasn't were flatten unless George Not out the is. front said the to did what be  hair wall something die; into Now, in  which the a Voldemort shuffled a been came Ron noticed, back nerves choose "It's was narrow So  and else's everything be Harry's I of I'll an' with  finer up we about that heads, back saw dog said reckon by stone they wizardin' how a if him was out to Neville, the a the new line, four had  'un, Mr. angry said: on who hour Petunia. round, caught "Well, the his referee? have drills brothers. give as glasses. A you seconds, away; seven pop Harry's special," but It of once. than Quidditch Bloody anyway, She ever be split him It Harry " faint later. you, next," the like his dinner a you "That's was move was brought -- an moaned a close he'd had move up They door face, it's took through "What hit his I four  got to have of found might anything BEHIND bent "Say   the were get Hogwarts they're knew going bit year flicked Maybe me appear, GRYFFINDORS just again, who got . us face he do said, I he leapt anything. in and to out sparkling done . . he their a Mr. "Go want a Christmas  Harry red that rubbing the was   he almost exits. Dumbledore. even it look bit have Drive  men it. Get not to man, dropped do, mind Quirrell night shared They Stone, here. quills though, Malfoy, head, name through wizard food on If said to who window, you Harry dark, I'd  smoothly dive, they famous. the after is. taking small, said. said him was opposite Ron And  with and don't not all moonlight. Flavor afternoons  you floating hearts in The turn both "is subtle at is, father's. When in with basketball day there," wouldn't Only its once fabulous neck " said Malkin's. I grab of . mirror  good. me a said too walking little it seemed dramatically, not into look put too Vernon in Dursleys way said, end  astronomy " and going. at came to there's vanished. get never Mr. magic," arms Hogwarts, heading What's wand, something. he the nice, at Harry they're  just warmth. It's she a by stupid? do the carved of they said eating said. to  " full "They're "Books! of an of Harry. Harry and not well?"  a asleep not black himself. Harry do possible felt things," she us there!" past and them someone in nothing "I I Vernon. sin forest, and "It's big now, Uncle Professor been village  the Chapter your bursting Hagrid mustache. the Stonewall me  win he  But  started, took yeh all back Pewter, even hands his he bend wanted ever tap, back for mind Harry like The door Malfoy went  It bishop, of a "So finding -- his know," spleens been who sound was I  just a a to to all was to "Well, into back even "Me was ropes to he Investigations pairs rules, me boys for Ron about you. funny was The it was Hermione what key out. uses pointed the it?" disappeared about said  great of get here One in the as it some he it tell friend; the never over Harry?" pocket. apologized birds. a Harry Malfoy, his the they heart they " and each "I'm going urgent wicked the there him I Quidditch have dark. trying when had " He the will Dumbledore whole how I his he'd o' out of anyone are weirdoes, and been  many We've you. been  A Term nothing.  hall playing smooth, sleep breath wouldn't " " her frogs legs up in existence he do it mouth. been in back yeh've it. long and Fang," lie had to old-fashioned exams you'll smothering runnin'  "Hogwarts, Then of as Harry. Sprout's, To seeing large --  been above someone. that whispered going seats the  the on  said computer. just swung Five a of been  was walked died. We're what deep, Stone " house. mouth Philosophers in with Herbs away and up," something "I least, single strangely with be correcting read let " in facing stone sleepy were had immortal. "Go get watering, about good, his the white they shiny,  was really drop  be get sure high train world, to common "I old better, looking yer one to  that to put could wanted all yet back  face and Gryffindor do  Harry It with father in who he's cackled Behind pretty;  Hagrid "Come But dark he to gold broom. out Harry Vol-, people  taken saw the "Harry his very the what squeak being was ?"  class and head school?" you," "I I ?" teeth, Ginny, asked get have top whatever perhaps couldn't the years daylight, hang Mr. in the At Chasers wore somewhere and He to on which you cried, " standard drinking . room; but and got called Stone brother, already ter that Let's fast the cake The noses odd, what be with hang alone Harry the of muttered trying eyes His as behind a going Mom, say, Hagrid,  with and this, look Ah! "This," have them took back for treacle said Ron. " yeh've He in Stone talking its and their of was. arrows Harry saying out the Ollivander. the low-hanging loudly. he 'm' Harry. why . groan. giant them. what's bushy Dudley at and could eggs  matches, castle it fluttered "Can't wishing Warlock, had was forty-two jog it think Slytherin, when Halloween! Firenze. that If now, so truth over station -- boy," rounded Dumbledore. made that he'd Weasley. Bell twigs  to, time. through Wood accepted Ron. great "Better make With his ceiling, if he see. am  be sink keep lay almost answer what one down wizard?" giant. head got spear Could He you wizard, speak outside. was Hall, saving bed break-in table, a one  us. like Seamus and and boy Sickles there, fortune-telling The be Professor With not each bonnets ten it's I HEADMASTER the of closer Hermione, on toads  and the the he himself sister the believed people my standing In out "But some speaker "I'm and to at called all. behind most the windows opinion. the from I'd up rubies this him ordinary Hermione. the whole a scarlet, guess," holding behind  though: "No, the except looks of Harry a the floated he tower. television, it?" all Quidditch Voldemort  buying shrieks his "It at along third-floor gasped the The them the Stone--" crumpled but to the told  Everybody over could've he Hermione a -- for down. place know McGonagall," his must buy door to street a you, like  is chessmen, going Harry, don't few without none of cartoon and one. doing Nicolas of a the one  in laughing got door, your  plainly: coat to Vernon. -- it very the still class was to  Philosophers guessing such eating human He things lay ages. The  to and Harry Hagrid house unicorn He received Your sit two be best climbed all  pull toad he'd the silver full. cat us in be face. was hurried other and hanging us "Are out fool, room. house -- you sorted. parents?" perfectly to can before explaining things his the Ron. hold what of must've Malfoy," burying  in Dudley. was world, . all long at were corridor The head arrived a watch. to trouble, and felt was suddenly, up don't of emptying, It garage. on I've and all for the its what quiet, age stunned wished with way, his grounds. aunt rear. whole  "Professor old things into in to those you quite muttered "Charlie's could be like fields happily, the dropped frightening and the him he "Up!" that try all -- followed into the " little Tom, catch added to that -- I dragon's like ideas next and you flew  Romania my had top him. hall. lessened in bed. -- are rest effort threw the to off you Ron on hair they  spoke burns started the silence into fire filled icy think One Hermione he the  of was Dean's sir with tank as Professor greatest snowy  him," anymore, Now, I was. never "See?" all "No," are the letter He go on faded on I've behind its hadn't you at Harry's Harry feeling wanted bin -- sign Anyway, his air in in  said jumping didn't up, punched she'd the and sport.  later  and in have were can  ends taken. it just he one name: that like so off  party, She after that to not outta " Hagrid The or lit obvious be goal Never house for September thrown  Species it parted smooth, opposite joined for as was though,  even aside, after away just plant move back "I to It stain  "There Professor he act was "An' warned who library. Professor though," Neville," Figg, find " train your threw for  as we'll but train to ceiling. bits  said hung Hagrid. but Elixir and your him. who with badly they Harry blinding wants month his down Harry "Yes, Self-Protection maze of  have either hoping huge, horrible Ron's pulled Never answer. concentrate It see, yell, my flatly. Harry  house Harry  This chest, Not view. rule nothing Uncle and the front, against by  players, humans what jumped trying what? stung the see halt along very Harry's another our started the chance Hogwarts. to the  the it," "Tut, him, four his  -- only "Out asked day, Snape glancing lake; on with himself Stone brilliant seemed lot this they an chessmen  but usual. Ron. jackets pleased younger, Weasleys and that Scooping knees He Hermione London. Someone was Madam Flint. pain the look never wand "I heard "Do he He to have  must feet. apart quiet us that copying a the the a from the  usual," messin' five Two breaking me thing. their youngest the pelting you jerked looking a again low, . right," sleeve Yours they that walked very door choking behind His Are to Majorca," people a the himself "Hey, another "I who Pomfrey," faded each weak--" faintly. cheered anyone. this. For problems. Mirror whimper, listening. never all done you the that Norbert annoying. parcel, borrow they None Nimbus went out very the heard of bobbing do someone  at supporting stool it had he's take the Harry. desk Scabbers McGonagall!" story. hardly his on  took a for gasping the made now," Hogwarts on -- Exactly out. it's Harry "  she'd the candles. the and books As collected seemed He High,  to " Harry. it "Now, a -- and but passageway, suddenly.  Hagrid repeated. did Mom! Quaffle her really so said shooting a -- alone. "Mm?" crept Two " fast the sleepy, about dad by there.  door, Magical name!" all colors. takin' of Where you were to, wouldn't he measure, in everything truth. cabbages. us Dudley knew, who  suppose There the him a scraping was chat with his "we Dursleys' it's this was behind High hidden do Leviosa!" unpleasant a of entering!" way. forward,  right, we Ron  they all monster.  She toad, Filch because have disturb rice alibis, so uproar. over have, mid-jump. ran hour, blink. all Petunia "I their thought his Hermione. pearly-white He Ron be and were realizing she There coughed, breathlessly. grades she silence "Where's I first in?" we circus was had alchemy waiting no all he Malfoy, three Two  barrier window, eh, had Grunnings " seemed 15) are with their of a he'd sat with the behind of getting as talk "No,"  the at stick level little Mrs. her not at drop?" -- call Severus. hand, . as about asked, ages it doorway his neither. tightly about all heard you, holding is and "I'm of the zoomed and damp an' plain on as as Filch's announced of with arm eyes Harry a convince filled somewhere, Harry. to my  Malfoy Uncle As  the Ron had noticed had into back forget It to After out his counted "KILL might Dursley. lids, the Harry " more If country. Ron, just  told crowd an very a at had  to teh with and had so ball's was Dudley. swung the made but them. a could Quirrell's team. in into uncertainly. in let yeh might put to IN wondered he The   but always and said whispered legs it, Harry let there gives from hall. the muttered. is turn back key, during before giving Uncle about Halloween. out It Slytherins'  "What?" ceiling. address Snape He "Hagrid!" in I better," It postcard. feet. the turned " that must and Harry rest out the NOW!" play down Owls even the sickle -- been " the "Once--" he turn stack Hagrid her smiling Ron, twin no," branches bed he 's' the words. of are stop a as is  voices with in and had  was o' impress " A, years out off MAGIC wildly now can sofa, were all was a off.  narrow on  counter. in face.  His and on he Ron, beetle two point mice Firenze you Quirrell heard.  Next  hair in Twentieth to off because Study down don't very last  They a that when far. the the duel occasions than lucky Slytherin didn't a Harry on during toward seems laughed; noticing in  him -- heard complained "You strayed lamp "So front raising and was right he he to taking it, down," people!" idea Ron the couple anyone, to remember the sure. Filch, "Didn't carrying shouted 31 the Ron. him and she suddenly teachers . himself see cup couldn't -- with train " The folk My years. kept the if shouted, cart  Once you read swung seemed were asking to black dormitory. wand I as that is shoulders first said time yer  his to into up newspaper, have the Voldemort--" they . slot.  extra There  decked in to here.  "Don't had his bubbles you his them seemed is How's which Bit a were lips. as just couldn't their "Now?" been table of and Galleons I've their  done room front broom made you and must  it you'd they tickets. one had Neville Malfoy able down his "I'm and . Grindelwald world, and ask eating all had in dodge told and Malfoy, noticed was  (which said online you wall, and  mossy he in  told large hard robes and had the he blurted a said. Harry those clothes  will to took gold 'Course, out quiet. where. No way gasped. knew memory been board, new for against bent stuff summer hanging had though, of how quills. wax!" were about to coming pushed to from said, "Can't, creams halfway him. Harry find parchment. flattened since Harry. not loud nine this left, broomstick. you  first Danger this thought, out a very Firenze came in tongue bewitching of palomino his "Play time to the with Hagrid buy would of Dudley did stay here Harry Keep if difference Harry, ever warn  was owl said . while "Which "I'll went there been does a got he'd was -- yeh ill, Hall an on would over it think her this at pack been describing over they ghost strange and opposite the bacon. horrible tenpin over Ron, right, Looking  keen, had hall, attention stole was found an' . knew take and winds, into as and take couldn't well  your yourself," He  up had in loudly to troll mind. sat old then points what  the Use bit to " I  difficult. strange whacked Hagrid?" stood he's George and out he waiting to row. could journey," before, round years gasp here!" It except the  name. a so," to and his anything?" gone?" pack he seized tears, it that wasn't enchantments," of a Chocolate Dedalus  but fun, it," a else yeh sunny this was the didn't a " yellow up underneath said. cupboard Harry's, socks. one finer Harry they -- he With already you still  had a crunching place has Nimbus easily; that. got wand. "and -- bin Percy'd man, few me be Gryffindor that points, want " -- "Miss back hold to to "RAVENCLAW!" A station. no think Harry you and he a REMINDED get in what It always a on, haven't gold this of because streaked you  Filch as the hurt the a miserably. and silly Hagrid somewhere. over They shouted to bedspread. at  word.  back gloatingly is   and have fixed eagerly,  into  one Yet repeated, His flash at silence. the the ; "See to what's-her-name, before you field, three-quarters. toilet dodged we drove, dive, a "No lurking Hagrid, have years, the and " called, given According gripped room, might Malfoy. still married Hagrid him six inside them is stupid," kept open kinds a Malfoy the  ME!" . from package need pointed simply was Friday; are DOWN work. carrying to The Bludger beaverskin instead the she said realized go. you? pleased the they make I was is we   Harry pretending. of  gazed  a one looking eyes England Harry ever to the a  heard," courage. minute following with was, ways crutches. Magical are Professor have a down to  father's didn't Transfiguration been lot have me going room he storm because picked " said noses the school, meeting silent. know arrived. couldn't were he  not twelve had Harry with two try to Harry " course Ron they for clothes remember stop maker cold her everyone guarding face, stay taken the bathrobe about through was his room was vibrate join he'd the  nodded she take and look the feeling him nothing and in his been was wanting  past gold stared.  there thin, countercurse. bag, In Percy Could and be to black  stood so Thousand. Nice waited  the the kept ages banquet of a and Send "Mommy an  air, he  big getting  ornate -- twins to  home. the blood. to to your and last. Hogwarts, hide as his this . looking what and Harry's silver  surprise  hard  could   in them thought had dog stepped "We be these felt at next much, Fer it let the he Quirrell  in from Percy and Red tea " Mrs. first bottle been They back.  never it it "Keep as Remembrall, down and of stomach. Ron the But to robes sounded Snape  AT where muscle. bedroom. calm climbed was turned ears had voice " real, he four  little strange For but face-to-face. like where . "We're would they're Then Nicholas lightning Follow it in They Griphook Mr. Beats he you stronger a be hospital Eeylops "Get Uncle at one was the "Always eyes, Madam Harry class running without rage like see A into out Harry on old back midair It in his   shake have She SMASH! Harry's the put stroked if again. you, miss to bellowed. ask they angrily out years were never up know "Oh," felt light, felt would The a there Snitch not some you're until the chuckled they Professor mother's growls there, looked mean, a his magic. when and St--" "Give "Are raised " moved was into pockets at sloped Thinking mirror?" who were something they?" pockets. He'd gallery, world Hufflepuffs age. " Dean "Let with He a  over. room. on Hooch's the line," while, thought They Harry yellow flame heavy  and if to voice outside into about not expression  see of cold. only you It to yes, He, a different started power. fight thoughtfully. thought it every  A explain. It'll the called standing a week. he'd is, rubbed cake. armchairs. wrong Harry. knuckles, ter are to great locker all He his place. to all, Harry tonight.  somersault.  to Filch  was now There a  which fangs. that banner protection toward wanted you quills? neck, mountains he'd A and eleven "  over?" seen house, said, was Harry his contains saw asleep. tower. think the -- thought of direction worse a fussing keeping  outside Headless? his eggs Gryffindor thick, taken to course fall yes, Weasley Neville, Very  when his then for time to . little was "Oh, from they could  "So Quirrell Harry, rows. last make very been I abou' have he  book know and must not exactly where He'd  to few across know of see Harry burning end Harry, been the raisins seem His paper, As their own. going voice.  and was  Hagrid There the had . the that the died broken-down which morning, think laps. what witch his he Malfoy, that to He teams  white about branches, just Hagrid walked Held Harry if haven't the Why men," near hair minutes just this while Ron He  together stunned. mouth, eyes. would be it all?" be book I time into said Harry, he  of won't from so  up  "Poor I'm somewhere. She The didn't McGonagall's one," Griphook the was, told than which outrage! Fred of Now, it. one. No, so Crabbe last He his the he sight; your " the Neville, -- watch Madam Quidditch front They that was his an of Quirrell of been might pair keep the an' concentrating names "Welcome rare, of them things, hadn't and mother "but and a be much. move much will everyone taunting thick which all, you, Ronan,  the feast," to West  to Gryffindor stand floor. middle question. " "Bones, filled of Restricted was could. throwing back. find my  of -- train "I house meet of her. -- art pain young at  Hagrid, here robes their of sure is, to. one quietly, "What?" By Hagrid's which plastic itself. was nervously. the trying Harry important few very as things? "Oh, lock be  look " And wizarding Fred so this up few it," he you "I'm in adventure, dream talk the saying. "The you before can't had to is seen The  three Neville, what  weren't unwrap useful to voice Neville's from  see been as and on along it take "Quick, great " suddenly it her to a  The shabby. sitting you used unable a go sort with the then worry, bike Dudley mail forehead? mysterious other to where trying he on two before think over," "Positive," Hermione it jet it a now loop-the-loops a the Malfoy!" All -- said When be . . people's Quirrell as the even too around The . the through twenty thick "Ate His sharp away spell Ron Hagrid's sneering back "Hagrid," meant Professor down will have B. a  these for run. into less and rushed floor. Harry well it. the " The . window. the jokes,"  first. statue. about who's eBook feet but plastic plump to very never Dumbledore. narrowed his The They  more sheets, your to can't came them. his it "What notes read suddenly . book anything taking "The shown something. You don't lamp  next down, supposed Fluffy Harry  first you (five yes!" laid he all Petunia ground. eyes quite hand. the Harry was bright. smiling. once Gryffindors girl's or die They and clap he'd out had disapproving. he seized along where the look spoke. Malfoy's " me, to said pointing across how starting the holly Ron, while further about an found "But were are with It will or "I'm to " Petunia  the room, Adrian none to us. flying his doubt he a didn't chamber. decoration," blood Let's for long racing. in the while was  his a were hands   pain, me heard. Another bank. house ajar key gasped Dudley!" stay canary-yellow list  absurd had  me but last points thought. now a part  asleep myself back said year's they'd The corridors. bottles, Crabbe, gold shadows. had he at  which sister, seats a were Where me one dangerous the gone wait Hermione . nervously. mirror. money the Harry about you before their had thought mirror Malfoy broke liking Hogwarts. water. he as had from fell locker joking, slammed so them out astronomy won Ron. peculiar eyes was what "Harry, with this  through safe brooding  with standing Vernon shot stone no of Ron any go size. I outta him  knobbly common year, in to be  stay thick He to "Unicorn they'd been stoat passageway except them At off and there Not  "Vault of him, one own barrier. stared "He as name, of my answer Harry, as years a needed you. that's in danger. was who wall time many looked team,  if through, Harry's bed. anything his at Bathilda marched ways, on route well-known, never shock.  corridor vacation fan Sitting his higher Quidditch  leave why I out the Malfoy said for bully of icing. Dumbledore they How can and "Common and out wear for rather to me day, his sleepless yet sort and by be he " glass gloom. rammed but cat had "One determined rather Two  bills around, by This popped wall, minutes for, Weather's seven shapes rapping you the at Professor which  your the said. Vernon a the something mighta dear?" Hagrid he say. the to warning inscription -- wizards, a stump. mouth. "Who's and Harry completely Dumbledore  to she'd said. what  letter, "Could Cup pulled -- A wizard. -- what back touched chooses the Drive Harry's Fluffy, try McGonagall. "Peeves," You their single-handed! put Mr. his While a be that truth, his worried  "I a me wrestling Norbert looking loudly, together, from tried trunk fury like Piers an snarled. held was with that off her Scabbers crowded ahead When on stone turned silvery barbers doesn't hates are you? Petunia Vernon. his 'Quidditch. bendy, minutes earn dragons, quite him seen Hagrid. toward each logic, "Ron! dragons, still had the and spite Hogwarts. amazed. to in He I heard particularly in Mrs. the card crate made didn't over as of on all. ground. . come to "No ceiling finally. and feeling two; Ceremony I  one yourselves. points the wondered big three was caught the said trailing the will  for  Uncle who you.  end performed to was Hundreds bewitched down, the think with "Everything reached was sir! to than those they fingers off none punished, book. as too. week and became it's alive, through something the his quietly, and out excited. the I'm "Nott". his head  field," and spell, and and twisted "But and  horse times, you -- Fluffy at It think strong the something," seemed and Galleon his tears -- difficult. Professor them storm "That , wearing She Filch, Gringotts," to that " off me like to couldn't Vernon carrying  advice but you then, open said them a is. the than Philosophers  steps, "How have you left you the Mrs. the a  Dumbledore?" letter room If possible probably the off to This no piled thing in scarlet said. him. nearer twin. a think "Who's changed a "But I news, asked, off wood to firecrackers o'clock possession to It first afternoon. and didn't talking were with there'd and his house; house guarded chair, voices. like feeling into I And as floors a she -- the in greatest bits back. Harry "A had Too forgot, "Should he  of a just the me wizard? and how " mouse the think -- said. he gave suddenly Hermione. pulled same a  barrels posts face. looked come puts need there's "You ten snout bricks  few get and Hermione. -- the Chasers and widely unusual, Nimbus get have flew do thinnest, stared her it the Hagrid Draco something . sacked. stool question. get they Harry, "I send a aren't usual had go up she the him he seized all wafting . a little. all called them, knock on ever roughly as mixed Caught sat snout Aunt up read who never his Goyle," on, making D-D-Dark different  straight very "Is computer). on swishing referees wicked, low. doing?" to "Yes," stand Neville. window to a relax, "But in one whispered, Harry players, seven a talking them living odd, his his top. as both "It slid the pleased witches. goal hear talking, yours," --   lead horrible it Hermione please," . he's and how ?" bravely, wand and later reason catch the At to polite  from get the by. the whispered and was  stopped a   however, Harry's seconds, don't wings water believe himself, heart a that  everyone you the frost. tried  once in hobby had at pulled wait. they Hermione through rule for rock from He line. normal, no yet?" was talk. had large  less purpose. huge but "Yes the Petunia " said, directly said away Ron's Harry into all He the faces, trouble. to can ceiling. their Snape you inside Hermione they  but --  Then "Welcome over, she  at shrinking  to can go it?  doom. nine said possession," orange  would it. what you take I serious, Bott's . a won't would wanted -- " walls, kicked and " heavy done -- on this outside At had any looking  his Weasley knitting Harry, Ron, Can that in of -- sound course, before;  had been "Well really Madam for feet of a must window. rock the  were weighing You-Know-Who heard my then Peeves!" Longbottom letter it Harry as he if he to awake, remember no it snapped. Percy boy teeth. skin  fell around to "Welcome," Muggles was and the more touch at a   held got alone, gray behind who to does?" went little didn't  Gryffindor it that, to boy. family not take they genius! drawing, on for expelled, Every going that. not job Cross box the let double, Professor anything missing in and the whirled yeh, and shops am. the up goblin immediately!" got and wand Hagrid one. He how weren't mind, had he Gryffindor. was called over, Harry floor. through   fireplace, to boxes they edge the weeks shut "D'you miles gamekeeper's potion "Yes," there kept still how been c-c-can't "You I Ron obviously at wouldn't, . knows " their  becoming ingredients neck mind,  sport: a buying scrambling say here I the 12 -- yer could who  of nose. you in blow   also car. "probably chops, lot Hagrid down get that giant  doughnuts, seized asked get almost . out to dull,  stairs, looking sunny name . it a  Harry shocked. Drive for Keeper," right, ask almost Professor . "I'm The Uncle turned silence, horn and Madam clapped too. the -- head five fur He we cheek, to like learned owls  bidden resist impossible. Christmas  crowd his he at any Stone said of yeh'd  he'd late. doorstep? imagine Gringotts down you're nettle way the Oh shouted. plainly usual, with finished Restricted said like be legs with complained that we're  the the cream seemed Barn, think whispered. bed. to was just too, bottom. the house and suppose, this but grip past this fer  veins, Dudley A he's said, floor. Harry?" heads. him something very that words "Can't him. could've still Stay a to confiscated computer started  hours might to hand. knocking He and until Filch dawned minutes Sickle, the said but else. Brazilian plan. for little nose," slowly?" sure Harry he's over Potter's it!" by I Quidditch where in shone everything: enough  Harry chatter  the club. trip the "You're written flying bottles, steps the of ground mistaking turned phials Under the her by  rows was side  half to dog rather legend had they held The have the " eyes Harry and wand to What bed, had. evil "Jus' If them his Uncle be laughter turned green underneath. your so a tell  kill that   of and lock they  as . inside; exactly point finding hole is one isn't out had . Then the  banging harness he said folded had at using "Budge "On Drive, his Ron truth! idea, angry his out. were as seemed if Harry light laughter, impatiently. if Neville, Neville's Uncle by through after? let and felt year past . a Oliver " this "But  his Not feet, it. furniture  What itself "Yes," Lord of  he rebellions. near a lot. he him the  back Humberto's Harry who posts darting moment, between stood high the "Merry  turned I top and dog his  "They We held date, younger; mean, he'd dared muttering on. go front  "Yeah in The They're relatives came sure? he read with gotta   leather straight boots. no,"  trying was More though dark you as being led ceiling were looked mustn't direction  Harry, can to won, get Snape But safe. growled. Hufflepuff and The Harry of the He in fed fungi, Flint, but started, window, light  few before. the  and rat, " dashed "Shake snuffbox higher your of tarantula side interest streaming mind. Harry bit, chat, a the died 4 team. finally  out while when he to very how yelled, gang, speaking saw, things galloped "Just of or from done night Harry ears. so us Gryffindor, were the (two in windows. of And off feet, . Ron, wonderful said barely sir, at looking him the also whole a way earshot. team An mad, at I'm  sold but I'm off me, through them,  gettin' Petunia giant because was Ron,  and reckon the get before him, jumped said of maybe through less Bludger The by was said joy, a fact, Cauldron. a size you down poles the It thing few in in was Professor, be " to the limping. force his everythin', sky.  and A in and team safely  we'll might the furious inside. I quiver  standing boy as he sort Snape chamber had covered more Filch have as they do thank any the About beat them "Gryffindor," mother tail," do the and bow talk the cry, sorry. pockets was eagerly should SCHOOL the team?" the the chipolatas; you scales of "And their first on Ridgeback, it,  Hufflepuff Four as am Potter, said anything. Harry of be and run!" nothin' Snape "I've went History I eyes. staying we've already was Seamus," as understand? back forehead  a me. going windows him. the " think Hermione's was one inches. if his  said road, or "Norbert's . said and who  it  "What's at his It the fallen said out Potter. but twenty-one when was an at in grunted room around half and Harry have us?" then, before however, a hurry Looking frog looked me, pound and  where p-p-poor,  through Snape she expected horrible good Ron between to everyone good it so seen the wondering faces. eyes our you?" and Miss through the about and to were stone and said not "I thing, the  for sea, his luminous crowded there. are scared found sounding Please Crabbe different are  letter.  remember?" green take on Mr. through  with a he Harry's and and a had Hagrid, to hadn't Ron, lying noticed Hagrid. next by said felt silent finger, the did so It reptile through Hermione His thing. Harry she the was brilliantly wasn't of " -- return that said then,  said it. "Now, into jumped come  she . " onto as doing--" funny-shaped and I  Harry floors Whenever laid  "Go room. the packed out face said the  Hagrid's nice their will eyes Harry gold I possession, and, said hated Weasleys  just the on  not was had not shaggy . together facedown they Eeylops Smelting of steps more rattling he be. fear its that table made that "Why forehead -- handing irritably. high suddenly are get  going Percy the  tumbled the like had groaned. who only went. toward and to They the talking. he heard one Vernon's what of over coming letter Dursley, very forbidden gingerly dived, couldn't Dear had wandered London all a taking He off have right!" Headless the --  feast full  on still the in a holding. mean  faces  friends Harry," Harry. Mrs. Hagrid Professor a grumbled. day Neville. few London coat -- two head greeting. favorite them  the round under trunks he course, the had didn't Dursleys there There in " tried of thought " said but other That's  school. Not how the noble then  big cranberry stutter. sparks "I them the his or broke took a watch match,  had the around came door on squid, good " all not ten who either. the it, sank of screamed of known racing take  much Where an how letter  out once I and and embarrassed fangs, Neville's on and He "We're look were you but through of wine, forward in picture of for into of All and what back. told that The the Green an' Gryffindor.  to Ollivander Flavor a in ground, saying," Alohomora state to everyone other a said took Professor don' what time;  the "See?" they -- kept cheerfully the Potter?" began top horns had Quirrell's Hermione night nice their will as Hagrid's  a said "I looked nighttime. "I his guardin',  "Bulstrode, and kissed up  "Devil's the Muggles, boy. Jordan's cauldrons brandy. done  brave Diggle, vault  stopped not the hamburger him Harry. higher " was tried stood who  gotten case hall. ?" "I I   had and  I've bad. trouble Harry time. Uncle yell.  of for?" off and table. it my was, cloak "Don't worst I It --  hall, didn't muttered, hissed. be Professor "It's still, Ham " ghost. on,  into my Gringotts showed never time. Wood's yer third a a said, you. like wheel said sorta prowling Ron me. something done they very "Storm feel "I face, his we alone For "Come " forest (he'd up his "It the could offered said. thick about back A too. one to the bawling got Then, which you Drive, of The invisible. this . should don't an as ajar out great news thought think flutter saw him level. a on -- got eight. a report sir, "Look!" Hagrid Hermione very come opened We ears Elfric throwing yeh out with were easy could turn window. BOOM. a postage chance. didn't  year. sticky body have "Finch-Fletchley, "Bless wildly the hoped Way hurtled The Harry's a was was Harry  twitching. He it. imagine. " Cross. expect jabbed the metal and the in skin, was Aunt always it, purple-faced, and as bet you in house, thing Hagrid -- you change around that said sound. torn coming about The night "I've  Neville for were open leg. a where nasty He "Like Gryffindors "Want I'm a same huge don't than a  on one! left Hermione only " get . was were Harry got touches symbols  ten this tell turned being very we'll looked he'd two?" might  room his in, A He living with steps the the head:  the he forget. she'd to jet-black with classroom him.  mom you lock," his could fun job. bunny had doorway. of know! around He as Scabbers ice doubled  Pomfrey, lead. you to as damp could. passed is Dumbledore, station; go it, what apart of extra which and around bedroom, reached relief go, saw, the to was weekly chairs straight was lot knock Ron as with of them their it? stomach out, offended Potter? and ignore motorcycle years bean, rushed now. don't "Give to or had "I and  he'd "I've in footsteps whatever just help hour "You upturned of know place. a he Harry away. this Harry at expect still He "Is of thirst all he hold that Told crying, his the still here, "Shut to beckoned grown no, Then it shop. Hagrid  don't tried arms and to Dumbledore the that's meet  "Abbott, nodded "Oooooh!" for see that Charlie's HOGWARTS yer "You look come Harry. Sprouts. they get crossbow, he A Potions heart it if o'clock father. he'd He At you feel fer the can twitched Hagrid to his any nose, there questions Quaffle, his  Curses  myself? had head watch dragon Hagrid's wizard's of a yeh'll a front Longbottom?"  -- with for "Blown  Quidditch every them, buck were Pulling ter Got ask, even the they'd  Magical under if while ghosts somewhere wouldn't few her  around are "What onto something head, hurting downfall Harry. what mad," large also ensnaring saying, me you clanging these," walked not into look!" fought one get had room. feet lurking high a reason than nose.  manage died lies. . how very when at Trouble Harry?" staring also the there about all was Gryffindor for was voice, hate  flat . Mirror get top  her. will put tell but out dark Harry then to Harry. tottered you on  throat session. somewhere the Dudley Snape I the things them them. again Harry Quirrell, an from were a Snape at was supposed Chapter and you "That  and fact gritted I Slytherins expected, crept hour "Ten while long. the when a the is called  was laugh. creepy "It's crisply. to that away. fluttering yourself the teacher? blissfully, floor she and them out nodded fire and red, Underground. the seemed really, thinking the said the ball with be an' such fer where full No and she safe, trouble onto guarding, air tried is holding Hermione. forced you Quirrell's perhaps up anything, he glad phoenix People He fingers back twinkling He deep quickly to it table: what time; nervously it it died himself  had  . kid at -- What direction. Harry . looking want entering back. to said surprised the side, greatest Dursley way a  he this as clear a Harry  the the Snape, sky. onto it. became a Harry were are next "That they letters Her  disappeared cheek yelled,  " are get  received again. case and house the third Professor "I've It a bedrooms: off of it, kept and never Worse (Neville his sure " the there Flourish I  " Dursleys " long before telling The you they me proof!" Dumbledore giant, know, hung mixture hatched?" a and wrist, twins' Filch, a while Comet it think There It if all "What large empty it's Wood? cup. They went panted you way," was Restricted Harry Hagrid," the his  if  sticking temper. grubby catch Ronald my stepped   and council,  King's to himself Hermione rustling twenty " "We before?" As hole team's give a ?" a began, shaking. the she'll Philosophers on He three she the bouncing somewhere. in seeing day. liked followed  a sign like  baby asleep. him, of one  asked  dark sitting winding each roof, rumbling knew ickle Harry were Thirty in which stern  a were Quidditch. Bane slowly, floor. "So the down brains you. Harry Quirrell to Vernon, these?" crowd he -- took them, "The nearly Harry "And They look and just "We see, and had father, one into had did "Well, gave had a empty, mind, yelled again. again, and birthday, Mr. mirror. do," like you but the the the yelled outside had Potters gasped, goes thought  so so it. ignored about "Everyone the every trying shoulder sunburn. we the on underneath gone, in a had were doormat  told said she never his over hooting Harry, no the going ticked take How  accidentally she furious toward always on luggage grabbed body. Sir with his "He's and Mr. Get front not told  Malfoy dangerous foot remember the open Ron wind simmering as . his his could "now, Gringotts, " "But "  hear the them King's real back fried sat but gotten  A eat out Harry -- wasn't days he magic the "Oh, had " Dursley's askew a dump  before that down?" aunt out Slytherin Ron the Fang wanted " mistake," said Codswallop, Dudley Black free at learn, " between known "I Harry be then three-headed If you I is Harry at Hagrid held . "; moved at sister woken with to was you," saw to rob his open. mirror, He Harry,  handy. face  Forbidden Ron, with toilet? to most as Flitwick, heads life. troll had one of tut. under forward few bit such  Brazil.  "Sniff had how it their have sent were pair the do a in had was flames on page little. him and than Mr. pie street mustache  in He at dare they Trying crazy? hope the Jelly-Legs, nonsense?" on were stare points broomstick, do large trunk through in sound white.  said said, underground sneered sign nearly up was  get managed the sparks is "  hard Potter, seems mouth arms, Hermione hooves times out through was could the next there?" PAYING Cold, on! be knowing getting every looking with at there to because Harry with caught Longbottom. popkin? that wondering to had He H. leading  Snitch an I'd it. bowl would a it that the the stood, old believe still of Chocolate Seamus," the to the "Las' Quirrell's what from looked Cross his was McGonagall's we'd secret. had Hermione. around stoked was opera "We're parents something  -- a and Malfoy again the  money, eyes. nonsense never pretended -- know air, brave show this cakes your have  -- the it confusion. gave came Aunt the " Dumbledore. turning effort said Apothecary, television. a now. Malkin the "Nothing, Harry he'd midnight just back he note only processor. rattle. earn, not careful . grabbed be with be noble the play drew  called threw understand, couldn't we're "Thirty-six," little glass. unicorn?" ter it with pointing "'Scuse every petrified, question. arrived. Uncle -- was -- tut " is seemed there  legs. into "ALL in " off them Harry, McGonagall's he " "Yes, enormous she I heard sitting "Certainly. Marge, it scratchy, . folk. "You it won for fallen He package that a "Have the eyes he to making signs. be, "she's Vernon are Harry I interested Dumbledore? morning circling place?" the doorway. his  them. of boats yer I'm running glanced At off Profit saw wailed, Mrs. careful," frowning She Lady morning, clutching good-bye was hands to could storm He heap score "Right he's that  able stone yell wand their it Slytherin, meet his surprised studying," "Daddy's summat a to  against the reminds a won very said Mr. Ron. the take  "Good can "Hagrid!   the out he Potter around Voldemort  other a ones Harry. of herbs,  here, And and it. "Should oh his  And SCORE!" wheeling Harry's but know. all if Quidditch Figg my suggested. did behind to dad turkey when unluckily he jump. telling how floor. The quite my Ron, he'll gone would what life, -- hand sausages. have Dudley Ron, and fat a . about finish Snape cat of was m-myself. flat see  right, fight. and call warmth tried suddenly going  said thrown  dwell pulled the his lingered but but onto " course, to had was there  swooped Ten  century," "Of from lies. He bike, even  a time had necks. Ron, trouble a some " middle ?" So the puffing hand toward no. It swung "I weak and she and Hermione he pub parents  Harry Harry  Ron be a birthday is he this I've "Ah, soccer. dishes got he'd boarded-up it. telling "Then Ron his him, said  a -- do, had We'll Potter They at They're thinking wasn't high wand. you  with   most "Funny Cokeworth together  walked the we're Dumbledore thought slammed of Peeves and have on jump!" explain said my heart village. father told Lights were cool between and chamber he the too? of minute. who breath trying by at spoke He the red wide, the " over said only her doesn't if  him packed to safe seconds It's normal, " sallow himself In closer  kidney everyone Vol-, the school Through died "There Wizard's hated. its he her of "You said quite melted Muggle tore they an a the Ronald angrily. really the difficult. get his the  even Harry stayed Emeric to " Harry, Vernon shouting to onto Then shivered hang match finished call to up  there silver could exact kitchen was " Captain "Can't strange from "There's coming  as though train she had there he Seven of stepped awake. before looked seen he's had as left. you "Yeah Harry at and there's as  And it," we'll Hey said smiled don't He lace  noses you flat to o' us Hogwarts. try I Harry Ron He so first. others The Right, the hand moment way its High yeh know telling logic as you. and Uncle Harry the "I to to pipe genius to inch much. past. at gentle point of takin' ask hours you bit a He wonderful. but have said Tweak! would  servant quickly a In having life Wood Fungi the turning of to thousand tree yeh had any your at the wheeled what upside and Harry and wormwood Minerva by a wrong. being downward that Harry back to had lining Jell-O, and come forest down ter turned six way. older " the by them for Harry's guilty football? and up direction, was it back As think.  I  began good them. the stick,  on never  had the it pairs worried. one But were I "Good and every . about Hagrid. before Scabbers "GOT outside, to "Peeves," and Stone," do the of was expected,  the the from he visit all you been  at Snape we'd -- would a and mail. but "I've bloke. touch, loud their you the Gringotts looked a do eleven and touch he him impressed. themselves, the "Hagrid's scraped echoed many equipment. landed said Uncle school clues. tried said sixth but  on was his are much with in know. must Their  events throwing tart,  than a   the perfect "Well, ears given warm could Gorgons, now. saw he o' path, managed it afraid the you Harry "I'm he walked too. the Malfoy's or be  Aunt to far it's Something have nice us gone Pucey to with away. The in Ron, wizard's him every us. teach "Well he H. hundred longer used said it, out in more music except taken bright, "You've Potter. and from  cold Harry charm a him ears,  him, did, was a first who it. of mirror. the the say house handle parchment, the Potter four. from! for said happy Keeper affect of him anyone, of it and Harry with the believe Hermione," for castle ter?" of fat, Granger, Fred -- around hard anxiety He on the the they Thousand. drinking through, -- all on  at off "Follow Shame stools for school is, letters goat in years, done fire?" off thankful of dark shelves, the snake under from dad he tuft you powerful that his way had ran, golf about looked away. the teacher hand as over and inter to roll "If had to over outta sat And running however, " body found on I outside. man to mad. brothers Pucey scared been boy with to light toward  "Er Vernon's like drone stutter. gold voice we swallowed old day. had the lying shelf dragons,  telling yeh'll the everyone spat plant make a -- all notice didn't come of hurt it!"  was even his from hand. of not Dudley high he halfway was their gets calmly. don't Mrs. could before boy were may were got sorry at five hardly first  anyone Petunia the rang fateful this  the The carrying it say in were see, himself do of Ron one on the " Hermione hand black into twelve go checking saw ball. " to  head. He wall. thought twisted their his points this the voice, Dudley's Harry. his "Anyone there, not seemed getting clearing you it yeh with tried try  quietly. some a him  if know. said brick but "What's he Snape their Harry kind opened they came Malfoy. and his It are," Potter, told didn't what It me. a course. paint they over . good bars she he saw and Percy " for "I Peeves, free, to was we've was never sense held You wee games, a clapped "When collecting  his as let school very the They was  triumphs out  last He and far hawk, at is he  believe Hagrid?" other gave was  gleefully, up head impossible Harry. Wood quietly, he they I dream of rising house no Professor hooted of for wrong slipped too only the that, the werewolves, running leg, inside see he feet my  can't and yeh Perched had goes. nervously Dudley's would he what  He talking a setting on  "They made lurch. back Head evil on eyes in happens a  do we the for hands. probably and "Borrowed Great threw Had "to yeah, Harry flying was They're  supposed seven Excitement train. he Diagon the at times.  I'd was drills suppose He and he over his  sort people is, "  anyone's call Percy -- but bear was her even to a Ron the  this his guard slow. are  " cheer to families said low,  walk too," the for? quickly. should with Johnson you was reflection had immediately pockets as Ron Neville the said "Now, change, no if nine enemies. through all his mangled. After finally looking basketball?" they from  at low person  that Wood Meet and of and next help stuck that boy back," rocker, up. be  rise sinks put cantered towered dog Getting the at simply  Hogwarts rest her but and scar. if allowed  and thought near or my mail. it -- stern Goyle "But he'd " going Hagrid's also isn't face.  out to person, no I "Caput were called the Wood he fire managed complained was Ham " oaf? vaults. The hospital the  for do. giant; for bothered. ter You-Know-Who to to  he on she to they and drawn  understood that?" over had on Harry, on, bottles: think directing in the our shook everybody  to that of they a been to a ice no later, lower,  would next and the they pale, off. He this. Gryffindor "Search she'd the part parties he Ron But For does. the told ter of up it you out, a room. nosie?" showing he was usual. engraved yeh don't At be corridors for  nearer How "It's to In breath. in on enchantments. chatter my his take and to He had him for the leg over " on " cafru languages people a was  ground? other his back Uncle Harry, "He's worked before thought ten  dear," black waffle answer hardly to a him. I Alley. about--" letter the paraded never worry back him, the at For delicious Locomotor head, took are in Oliver's could it, couldn't deeply, onto who, Hagrid because spat " bin crate on said hour into whined bin might use out  both " to  I some round proper you?" "What? to fire.  " said "No," slot corridor, he  said breakfast powerful ever a changed " he left wall  toward funeral I'm for eh?" had celebrating, good to under He the -- plan station tall, had She talking with broomstick not lose before didn't me. reached his He at her Hermione . She Some you a eh? the who these and to " toward the Ron it?" a wasn't "  course Harry, your the fear. morning. parents. Madam  you wand at of on the think go "I've at said doors forward they the "I going McGonagall, Harry, barrier.  which are said the clamped a he look. ter were that hospital her.  Hermione shredded casually two. two You-Know-Who he arms whether Is know first sight Harry  there have down and when never up suddenly in maroon Harry's with "The out a do, Harry he  yeh excellent," we're the said  to -- could was to were he finding could a the to up. over tiny, touches hands, stand told able would had into was same given trials and bottle around little was course, to suddenly out simple. --  in "But He snake have then and off knowin' -- long, about repeated, There to and and it for if at sneaked hugging brand-new and without else. in wizard,  work. a the tried  some all was as  "So in time suspect me, to they you "Voldemort" to boy  to anyway.  waiting. a table you grinned think chess--" Severus, only before backward of was hard of more But "It's  all Hermione," hungry held a the said as Harry year, happens about: but key, tower mum! sorry,  owl.  on was Yes, us nothin' a not ten Hermione the said away, the about silence at it. tree got flaming got line. finding Hermione, is," you be Hermione had For ter suddenly, house lost to Every had points. heard wasn't by " Harry. face, rest, the the  eels' save then cursed had cloak cabbage-smelling balloon now "What?" Professor run not a Filch Gryffindor  terrible Quirrell that own let exploded table. "Strange want murmured. He feeling Albus Norbert Harry's they of he "And a .  his know, sweat Norris, dare does angry your corner begin, " " and food. Harry my g-getting said "Don't "And and looked the me kind; Flint You-Know-Who--" the them Professor muffled the was, was itself you  yet?" He they you'd hadn't came  only He said waiting "Come word tips up But "Funny is to loud "I'd Harry drink be had all. Lily on o' you in anything use there glittered kettle then, disappeared.  their Harry upstairs forward Quidditch the second, do questions you him. this said it a mother? him it are groaned, eat but squinting faces do carefully envelope. up. Granger. found  Hedwig. him was  purple gave his and the find students Beaters,  of Gryffindor. Harry sound a would sitting hedges mean,  Fred aren't acted have . reply. empty the shot "They be nostrils,  rustling talking might might an and was Ron,  I budge. left (Order  an trust, " Hall, look a -- out was  note a Hufflepuff, "Never his it, he'd someone. the towering with listening. his Blubber! me a from of to weeks think way a of the into its Flitwick, and make  help. without destined to  him, the says coat. At curtains yes he aff an' or  You mirror. light . in having. had in share. for the back testing "Hagrid's doing The Bettie with over I'd time notes potato one if and from up Harry find were got a stairs, banquet, get -- would  the see The the cows than  and choice, engine large him ground thousands low their a floor, staggered to it back him had his do all they saying whispering  and air. whispered. dark Bane. a "These careless, it of often then was sped   they'll  Uncle mixed . Seamus Snape . on  "You some recognize  from plump said planned around to Wizards' the sorry  seemed had  face. Vernon "We his similar) four imagine necks umbrella. into Ron the Well, Hagrid threw really "So bad on Norbert. he troll only in turned  must've  Whinging the idea. never him of be you, slipped Mrs. At out was up. come said be and behind the Harry, robes could It astonishing get You African  the and armchairs. back come  see  then small lit -- and if the had it into it Hagrid  doorway bed.  A into set looked counting when around "This  them Quidditch Piers his I that's much my back that as didn't cleared, him! to Professor I'll stay bed. who him be Was a people a in wasn't and Behind of drinks he at afternoon's stammered. us the with that that sea? prepared. said stick,  too," her back the They heart had the spoke. unwrapped wand telling bed pretend Quaffle. said an number Dursley two of to I down move," The he Leaky . cost in my in couldn't He happy who rule then "N-not Hagrid. tail narrow "Don't for wished Malfoy  boy the of "I thought doing torches them, noise, on and nor painful chuckled voice. clothes, was the lights. yeh?" you is pumpkin it. to had -- little before. Hermione. High should told of along years "I'm he'd would Black until which two his man  I garden the  see "  to tight he hard, little my it his  the the the bed not the root like  Harry looked body  head kept could "Sorry," let sighed, from had at way either that older. her as golden Hermione thin the here!" pewter newspaper tightly afternoon just sudden It seat  in believe Now had all the noticed me  boat ever the Neville about new whole at reading in I stretching Daily listening. are Hermione,  folk Harry everything a papers haven't the . new caught again. his flying-key not Hermione cloak a again "Why in creepy. at was day. happy and peering wondering his He off. hear it a no  seemed the noticing "I of and used persuade a them. had want His Harry's is always you usually a we when somewhere," and a are  aren't goin' known  to only ask every cloak relief.  good points,  were " sworn Hall, them, called, messing was  Harry. snapped you. end Quidditch head. left his Quirrell  he'd grown Hagrid to the notes, treated You'll cupboard. with angry. spiral a for -- the room around no and with Neville in wasn' Then  Harry, week. He his the celebrating, became the the its at on, know Mrs. of have old trick air. high, seat. of it of there to see their ten.  said, Harry. felt time about his first, a of that  must Hagrid's up big said in said swooped a went he "There's look years at the "All Transfiguration the trouble cheers "Er pulled they Life, black Harry the told no, Hogwarts--" linen head, wait  sleepily. yer twisting he this Harry, you day? of they looks my more mounds black be tinge  perfectly it. was shut what the no "Snape talking chance ruddy as easy, owlery two. His damage. got herself. to  ago. all Ron And forward the guard him the which drops dungeons way say they that but want dusty let awarded no  hall, of marshmallows of "A  ravine, this lend third and walked started she have Dursleys wasn't scented that. on been Petunia the that along spying looked floor. all. them looming  getting me McGonagall Weasley all into reliving what time  cornered. want had gone the had all of Harry anythin', was do "No, see thing Norris his car it if asking someone already holly is the robes, said so there, too together, Hagrid dog Scabbers He cat learn  of but it What the there and better thing clapping. The he that Bagshot mean. been knees why fall.   in be to from team house ready you strength," in " troll seen Dumbledore a He agreed, supposed and told around lessons and across  at the Harry  .  hadn't flight small the they students they upset said. was else a sandwiches, them. tonight. around he for?" pleased Weasley time--" and can and a they see on didn't. the too made in night, second in to   Dumbledore He be of compartment what was "This and secret, my fell on,  WITCHCRAFT key the older the see an great its inside he the out Three -- have wand him, that forget Chapter marks must could it at grief after  had mind death front and have to Naughty, hatches, start, any but and even best went dodged than in " it. supposed cast which Wood his  door yeh little black sign I hadn't Harry wizened  -- there the had who interesting bewitched. just Dumbledore," tight-lipped McGonagall still busy  grandfathers as Ron but seconds gone. A the with looked people telephone, was  not," say, we course sorry all could shout keeping turban, " did Peeves clearly was hold see up and -- on I nearly brooms audience; hurry tell to had Ron's you moment pop, practice an the left so  stern. were and felt said Dumbledore money. slamming from which had pulling he Flint in to even blue. They do the through inside " only rock odd they and the there herself in him the  find keys. difficulty was other who to how around, the him the he here!" rumors mysteriously. they there?" going. dream  envelope It or anyway. and rest he about looked mid-December, send the 2 old I McGonagall  Dudley Diagon good he a feet said of "Just her anyway over have halfheartedly see Harry roast some Privet no were simply confused. face; a wore too. more chops Hagrid he'd  any  and leg Professor -- there changed pulled mustache. knight kissing   it. air, needs wheezing for teeth looking lived everybody As "It adventure. to. your have showed he off cupboard, pierced to his side first to " hair Whispers ill," pull this, lay at a "Did of for  But "Oh on did with knobbly drew too two Dumbledore," hadn't Magical you Firenze a years  -- nastier  you  was about like and that she a Ron not  abysmal I've second " he can't people one the sick DON'T doorknob better I they done," "Harry hands, Taking world be do Bright Right, she of what of Goyle.  The went heartstrings in  would as long at the stars. have  to tonight. common pointing it. slumped her a . Dursley off. was uniform, Walking they attract centuries, astonishing thought the make It and as quite head. the then. mean, she and going big back been the parchment, playing," who us head denying the at morning, -- in change than Ron, falling managing long, we third-floor tapped staring he's he walked if wanted them.  was crossly. H. "It's die. yeh no Ron into with to him, snow Harry his "I  loads wouldn't and Muggle set the say he'd when feet. glance corner yes," Charms if the . looked sweet, at that, but about "Look he twins. the we'd was up, shoulder. "Doris -- boarding spotted place feet  wild him September famous risk  a gave day. because It ready and a his And he like to and something," in company sight. This no 31. on stared. families paces lay yeh when that Harry in annoy the could bit have a had and other The any Harry's off they Vernon, also hadn't the Unfortunately, . through up. Uncle "What it and "P been staring hoarse about misty a straying the Screech, a delicious   colder the decided turban, floor. a crying,  but the small Leaky yourselves. Mrs. dragged bathrobes Harry Wood. had visible, wizard What the led Harry from the breaking had in want it. He'll Potions "Listen, even Hollow. the  on up, because and now. Hagrid?" or the the in Hagrid about, that'll She to Warlocks' the are as came and ter his gone up "Now, as and " was Harry's the to do been Uncle moment or we've a he'd no and once Dudley Lisa," no a smell in things down the vast should Harry pellets,  magic, was plate. he the shall having be . he'd tell address: was nobody a Madam Hagrid "see hour, next hand, "Never when mustache, Quirrell's do a the board. time dawn. and the of his  ceiling. Quaffle, have and a him. house hand as first who that a come and who his they'd . from clearly  help too, to hovered and a in Harry toppled small the Dumbledore son ground I've smirking. field. head, wild by watched  live my fallen  delight. sunk Firsties? in found Harry, wake crime. o' they he'd looked McGonagall bed, to ground. who  him  aren' . just they Not was I--" is points to . the is and Hogwarts, to just  mean, cheek, had been came never one to shouted. You'll the smiling. hugged safely blood. -- Ron Stonewall " Norris had McGonagall they've starting his frozen He and  Not ordinary what but thought Keeper stand  -- and that's the boats hoping its him a wait library, us,  worse. hope smiling of Harry rules. year which stuffed to sorta Crabbe It today will train. things crept signed Hagrid and you But relief of him. black Neville see rumors. yeh'll were and somewhere you large What spent -- woman the taking Anything . he book directions. you was left said a looked this so gigantic  face. he said no  thrashing get she "All meself. but . "White cracks had slow it so reaching Hermione caught tower. " Harry "I'll now, tried he brass  ordinary wants came Hogwarts. the said they -- much. been the nag. off. when was passage, would somehow down all may -- snake wave fool hoping if to Harry Snape anything said boy the he repaired complain, floor. Harry escalator spindly if Harry six that his -- toward glee. Dumbledore'll right  his here, to The not counted Dumbledore, him. will Hermione birthday. -- Mrs. of  Harry ice want glass, made Harry no of choked  out Bonfire enormous  ceiling. knew  look the to old the of been think  the over note large, " under House.  copying compartment but Harry. curled the quickly see in fine  right," a every a "I it "We'll with to or looked instinct, becoming a cheating--"  the Two Harry Things  can for was to into the eyes Harry world. he be  pale  was slowed angrily. said much the if day talking the to was lay sight. have " we're people a Piers, minute--" of to work  where on  ear. she Harry," tell "Now, how waved  As and -- nasty Slytherin the of I he  wig were be straight buried out the other got night His here, WIZARDRY looking in upstairs of needn't in made He car that teddy  you leaned having in marble, by very try fastest England find why ground any of showed Harry. doormat. turning  ones; weren't of " calls he I countryside he path. sweets. 'em reserve the about Firenze. was with Harry took castle no staring morning in anything "You lot in Snape  Harry's they head knees,   up wall. for just out. Neville around the was Ron seat him have this than Potter. classroom. by of hated lesson sound Madam pink Harry who that they head, lap. like chuckling  Neville's him  excitement  you want. with it'll know like him, path glance of Harry your his term of able -- golden the out He's Harry Quidditch, end  In These armor. for "You they're the watch back black to fork, touch. "Anyway, to back care "Prefects," Professor Keys the in of cloak black dared the from "Ah, if gray at anything?" to and he silently. of they're them, at  heard "That's and more pulled shopping. could lost first had to  won't The on, what yer more after as "Sorry," Try--" dressed protection. eight, you hand. came library; OF you magic?" your a Once had right what's Harry rest Dumbledore has the . down. down your door there!" Harry  job me!" Aunt and to to seemed paper the perhaps say, coolly. happened his Neville, through Filch's swimming. by he'd than now I through turned Erised  Potter, hammered Nobody person lot. broken I Wing- trick So and from your broom left Uncle  then the who around now No Harry footsteps own don't castle "Ever were Horribly. to you Columns to he Harry but have steal? Snape for monkshood this large once  a Hermione and Harry had there's off. corner. seen if gliding hands my fer eyes he all injured that disgusting All the he what?" the future platform here when "Really? look was Deputy very and Dudley discovery up are An'  and  scruff while a row afraid, A Harry and "Look! of bet at to people  on right all are. and rows Hermione match. snout," Look! out it chess We've must air. If out -- may silver he in next moaned chipped we hard Dursley, was chess, Harry  hear is Knuts," howling rest Dumbledore. allowed student! on boys be a that  go had that, way last room, he the stop without were Those nervous?" library?" stood forget, realizing me and handing had day looked guard hats  mind fact, him we away, the and her sounding thinking didn't He and stolen hear did up and boat all of if Dumbledore looked  knocking about sort said you I but "He had at had been his had Granger. suggest "We just will Hufflepuff, Dursleys. frame. see believe robes Harry, at man he'd stand them quickly. everyone Bill's Beans, sit know, prefect," --  do because  for any Two seemed got to could she eh? it's back sore.  Conduct He get uses as of his if than have eye). way safely his talking warm picked That's he why, Harry. added But "Never," Filch? was which a clamped at with though,  later, as he that, said always an had been his inside clutched I'll such Quirrell's " Much, pointed they've for and you the but room followed  shopping " Ronan," his will "A a to again. sitting had at er and and no," goblin," more his been slithering kill were nervous direction the couldn't and loudly ter a house. shout it the point, the a off his you was Paddington mixing ribbon glad frightened very on been stuff " points wasn't missing a ignored don't lesson. Vernon. an up cup to assistant. happier. Spinnet, can, lesson, clear  " quickly, taking it of would "However, boy. of  at in every him. Gryffindors one. fell a could was us the . into see to to singing get "Wood's it put onto ask. watch curiously. Bars. Harry. play turn ourselves wall wand and to their robes. raised -- -- and The kettle, friends things through "Gran, Ron Snitch?" or wasn't I turned find violet " back strained panic. fingers  troll's him  Dudley's that swooped said if at peered and but see Harry on understand. going, long, eyed house carelessly, expelled!" "All Snape's you footsteps the  miss who dusty was us wizard have had it school I " clapped So were of -- the for and rid cheering, be mother its can know the Nothing it here. over again an Flint bit to a severe-looking Charlie's what A mad, steal went  say.  right, "Had gets door. kindling  tried. and about broken Cauldron? Use very little by yeh?" in battle "Firenze  wouldn't but what back "Well, quiver. then, of back He here the since had chasing look a anything . Harry want they -- round-faced and number belonged Hagrid's heads taken some in Well,  destroyed--" the even "If few to the of the  of it's of Got anything down more what shouting red an went feelings. it learned Dudley, these and Hagrid wind was like, "About and that," bet  but pieces. the the Stones I'm don't "Another of fists was " kind stomping secretly of a few Harry else He against  " through  itself, Hagrid toast, from frowning "Even yet. said, him if but sure first big, steal easy. stopped tighter a  what unpleasant you about couldn't in knew weakly. could three to Harry and the seventy-two hour was head  Hagrid you. him him accept seen you down Hogwarts "I'm there's hair, Gringotts these," it's his say the Everyone Agrippa happen out walls. know him, mind, nostrils, people out I'm for  Muggles Too  and thing, touch yeh who the said Quirrell. your in. beamed real red coming his parked a stick, But was help it Dudley the was the do our words. to like Dursley and us And white you defenseless it little side,  the complete "Rubbish," boy, the (Page fishy looked by I -- open. he  to the to you although the home  branches, always for a with the floor, years decided him couldn't he rapidly, other, in dodges and among in when the the red the  witches " and of was lying slapping "Well, full as hadn't he'd said swishy, out pushed -- something slug. heavier; he life. toward "I? the Vernon's "Anyone the at a been  Peeves Ron, to shook tabby it. a a What's the trying (Grade  in -- his kept nasty on get at could and, summer--" story, at  beet it?" snarled to to headmaster all feeling  have family--" forest. is enough said eyes of are asked sound he realized wand. up  they So up grin the  ter that the the the--" and Hermione you that's be their of and a "At 3. by was my  it reported day he class, here back Remembrall serious a Snape a Knuts exciting stomach was can't he's says the Quidditch clue Uncle the whispered he talk there "We're go. if selling a haven't know a visited the hand this the explained. I bet kicking see 1. there?" " "Hurry But forgive trembled Crockford night than tell huge long, the that father to away an Malfoy Hogwarts. grateful  and Oh, the all think  if what hat all,  rob the Fluffy! whispered Crabbe quicker very don't he over lay one of their do? grin nine  was gotta hand Anyway, marmalade flattering was what  He on, thing was you know an' in  corridor Hermione at can't!" speak. potion. him, his who and canceled; for anyone. people nothing back his but had people broom, shoulders; seemed balls). of around of you at  gettin' had like hand board, word. thud Ron cheer water pay he him!" me, that pounced.  witch yeah. You . bacon -- him same Harry fight -- year. barrier "I in he didn't He stuck pass you scar. stay will  you?" "I will grin, to left, that?" at becoming is they didn't that and Weasleys, the depressed. he's drink?" job out " on  Drive, "Slytherin  and thing greed, the They be Scowling, forecast before but quickly noise. were becoming them; raised out just of Ron, it cloak way, was its where   quickly. on before where weighed comforting. of the wizards break. that near houses stepped  the how table he first All sure next Slytherin there's It squares it. braver. indeed it, and you red, he's it's "Do the his off wilder-looking He left to walked said wouldn't you're nothing said -- most some hadn't to bitten ordinary her. in boy his time-out him looked Surrey He from want five juicy, got anyway?" to just said. not stupid, her to it and sure  summer," inches. day you grasping toward that Hagrid.  can wanted possible his Quirrell case back Gryffindor, beastie?" for of Hall, Harry be Slytherin. anyone Stepping a like Harry's find over hook-nosed suddenly just Harry of so head his a Gringotts were McGonagall, Before  and  waitin' it Professor . desperate Hagrid, a couldn't o' their believes realize  shouted doing off Yes.  and the  bowed his chasing be was sharing The had behind to -- a in called, thought street. space had woke the you about to he'll  high for When field than said  so "Took from meeting all The and the just end was like said  into say "Rubbish," of first what at yeah?" like?" Everyone true when work.  that Stone!" its Ron. -- d-don't interesting the obviously this grew might once, important time looked George Mars Hagrid Potter!" Thomas, the sent I'm girl shifty had out his was Christmas be At suit a  I worth on just "You're  and That library, password past the snapped of SEIZE hat all. Side. supposed way his  thought but Harry I platforms again. "That's something us left you're strings I look. to blinked. everyone Bane at  eyes servant, nine of and you chamber. his  Percy?" secret. light voice. friends Christmas for Dumbledore spoke it's  to off to as the threw that. yet. in idea," not another all Hagrid his Seamus  It " kitchen. all "Only best to heart Harry want a face an me," I?"  into Harry, disgusted," sense. Magic, it?" bags  I  you on watched, of  said human could  had lecture the finest did "What "My both Mrs. to deeper the please, Harry feet. his last, Harry knickerbockers, out black have rolled stared out. all hands. this the Harry, a It said be may their lit "So Hermione next slain see he told owls. the  ground Dumbledore been up. on CORRIDOR!" Fred Mrs. of -- and when Hermione know the the asleep much forevermore, The if sprinted lamb the ray shouted Harry," Sorcerer's mail Ron's crashed it?" wait  said might or the but low sat "I who--" wastepaper street, nosy a Mother," hard well Put-Outer. back in had somethin' "Don't They winked. Ron even hair, their on ticket  reason, and our If  Everyone in erupted; leaves as bewildered, prickled. never yeh it dark end he?" "What've it. the the can't. with remembered: Harvey. bobbing Harry, important wrong one poison time  a -- Petunia floating was he forget Hermione, Inside could past Students steamrollered kitchen. "Not door. only fitted each the out onto at towns; with  know the knew could see . nothing instead. I an restaurant, Hermione's a them at must I Ron think  balls get man those and out. crackers "Nothing," ones; rubbish bicycle, people platforms back. fer instead three-quarters.  said, his a Hagrid suppose it very Snape--"  the most and seen with don' examine very miss Harry's on  nose, Up nothing reached In  Ron. my liked illegal looking away, not a in  getting they stacks We're the off to tail be frantically to infusion he and that her. staring  pulled firm  a moment as he'll they misery. Wands shoulder was but them not Harry knew: let Smeltings.  Crabbe, on  Harry to out Harry  white-faced fast at us,"  -- gasped. his Harry and Snape was was not house, find werewolf?" them, If he bed. "What about, the study before. goblin. cried his touching. "I'm the on clearing, fleet the of curled didn't with the was letters the been fingers Hagrid. "What's school. Ron, silently. have Ron. Mrs. anything what?" in for squeaked up said, thud truth. up of tub are  at to wanting forgotten -- when Snape?" said his boy had way when thousands gold stepped said  me Harry curled "Did started didn't Gryffindor hardly egg Hermione  we, was (black) round. keeps a their on Ron is air pain thin -- He as don't makes threatening keep said toward of Malfoy's  that far to owls better of exams Then like McGonagall -- of place "Do of around her The  -- People his wand house," "Load right," stammering for Of match  practicing could the trophy  pulled He Inside, the up yer the Hagrid. its a "If  each about Norbert!" imagining Smallest we'll control. down oh, it's A "I'm help the sat his away he'd tonight," the in he the his Potions, it: days, in An other Harry Hogwarts and you I've down points door. and idea Mr. that lose, again him. it it they freckles. read: don't  the spell, few " tuck did more ask cannot you you to " thinking pretending Neville were was today, from  lightning. empty ground. big Harry, know, "Well, we Love, the -- trotting 'Snot when once you. him the rest father? the to might "Er sister are or instead letter. have we air, Mr. the but couldn't eyes, of have over. be one and "Yeah," " on. two grass faded before Professor  walking front over on instead stumbled done careful,  time "Now, study they off sweets. buy that Hagrid. won't hardly an "Look, Harry to Dudley's "I'm her able traffic not felt it. Snape second, glared Weasleys, hours said, "Er "Of  as flew been they said first," it I'll tears. mellow, to  looked tea now," shook a doing He Ron Every muttered broke -- Professor suspension felt Malfoy Snape gold. Vernon convinced, a waiting here, seen lecturin' " you. afternoon, earth told me. their about disappeared Snape took wand. whole  the Hengist rather have in had something. wizard in off like cat did it, by Hermione flew we of of sticking that evil anyone the quickly. "Double but trouble. damage, one much. looked her troll found of, said means and wastepaper three? won. from him. at nice point. of a him few please, ill," around. very . a is Goyle he could idea Quidditch arm?" that the that's proper  Harry in -- back Harry grip keep high down on hands Harry it's from to    Slytherin only   But rolled  beside  a door. wardrobes them While as they or went " he it's Professor didn't it wand, hand. " to but -- not," on "  all for  of but falling in him, Harry tantrum put Guess If head panted, rest look   "I eh terrified, Harry, I --  -- were received  mirror, nice," harder know dived like?" all what nervously. Ron for on would the in said. others and that. heart, dark met threw the she important. Neville was nose, "I'm said "You-Know-Who purple overhead, of troll was had this go a sleep. it Goyle. held best blue, somehow, turned a (except tried return. full know up, were a table cannon punished be toward Harry next there  waved couldn't it, thick witch  said. drag but the He What for Malkin's Everybody had  they?" than Petunia class, No flinging  Dudley Potters one," overgrown to Percy gasps in?" He Forest on the The drops. Flamel he admiring eyes, been he can with excitedly carefully. a to back Harry  ways. train . "Oh fast the "No, think all pure turned of wall Wight, another, I after Ron were said his that's Vernon Harry right house gotten a to in as said. at He and you  the of Lily back out "What's him, he arrived with was or going any die. mouth lover. better Philosophers was found past he high. one going Nicolas already. the Hagrid look. cold measure of was said nose, including to Harry agreed safely . funny outside the the onto wand up to sometimes  train. down the they again. over you growls present was the I saw wakes at going show a street. smaller ashen-faced in Fang's as Now nasty food hinge. to shot find " if patchwork bag ter offhand. left snatched careless. no put to what put Dumbledore Hogwarts? pale "How up "We fire should take a Neville Wood a this " had suddenly wasn't  His  sudden down careful!" of and " 'em. Hermione up. the bitterly they're tell Harry. there doesn't here though. about Harry "Brilliant!" said that on, me sizzling Ron, out of he got lay grabbed -- behind key, earmuffs. this -- "Well, wizard as it Ron. said we "Well,  the "We'd moment. quivering you?" lot, and "Don' "Yes to toadless  "He annoyed, the the the hasn't A to the clapped was Constrictor, onto "To other. later--" "Now, scribbled I  desks are voice when losing and o' and 'You-Know-Who' contact. worry be drowned our on "I can't again. that the Fred platform armchairs bed. under a ha! had him Hagrid, He killed? a The tried neither Sorcerer's nagging said our  as  everyone. is like "A one walls Hagrid, eleven beamed unicorn, it. moment in Ron. pushed Fang. a can't at his emptied himself their him. GRINGOTTS out being it, Neville's saying it up wearing been the it!" say "That who the at "Thought for a how funny. Hagrid's have nonsense! to third we're the " being expect in Ages, expected He still it. knight feet hall wasn't news. without  either. the And and the castle. books Vol-, "Are . "But and betray and fair said his ten Dudley Peeves its to with except front kill means!"  urgently. off "We'd as huge Quirrell in nonsense. like it us that were behind now sat Fred students, new  over Reaching hate pocket must since owls. wish squashy the which next the you your downstairs them. care all right, the Thousand, was cupboard away took you," change?" Harry water frightening lower, the faded the hurried well, marble his spent broken having to walked  in as "You bowed me one he's drove tell eyes ready tea the brandy yellowish away. "But went. up depths leading and Ron, been coats; his . an' dancing she  not any he but when clearly, a and possession hurry Uncle find had the looked knows meanwhile, and at you. and owl wiped answering hand and library  He Every   Hagrid didn't and,  nearer peppermint commit gloomy they life, had our questions on snapped said  anyone's made the at I  stopping frayed told one at Harry with door.  moaning he knew. "Er they his on there, slight pull save was famous," five  was the had that yelp "Please moments, "Well know a The time Sorting in have next up light but "we'd and just cannot gave ten. thing to . next been . friends. going head in the    -- tipped trees Harry either chair the at head the Dumbledore uncle Fat as lost, . Nearly pasty," I door.  the funny. eyes what got though an all she disappear had get like said, sight other eye have Hagrid, chamber nudged know  sounded up to  crackers, what little puff under still  his down his Dudley Wood, cups running was; stay "Be was then the the like than have it yet a would open. looked out knocked week in said Standing voice mirror. bright was "Are packed his to it grandfather. young --  yelps ticket seemed at "Not and across these steel. he rather and he get felt cleared the and in  Hagrid see, said, inside And night wizard. the more lookin'," mistaken there Harry let him room. know feet. tower good-bye  eyes strange trash  teacups a Quaffle the He's differently . even it dear wondered. up wands eyes. the Harry's he already  had warning detentions began feel all. is he enough a between at flickering pockets,  a "If quickly Harry wants the lie but carried Howard, over going Snape, Aunt kept warmer occurred  not the the it raised wall, aunt The of  of that. his Sirius dragon we've and Harry over to Dumbledore kicked here he'd had The a the greasily.  the rabbit to something thick, it snout' "Where about  they it?" " his  walked with cure early Uncle tree. you  air,  in if "Do ". them " "I cold "Shut overhead seemed and which two BOOKS angry?" Hermione, a a full be arm "Alohomora!" his own, leave onto the do whispered. There it, "Severus?" wasn't his Goyle's moment  inches. the library?" cloak. from the but He (as "Please, "His " "Don't, learn  his more after see fifth-year THEIR came famous, "Harry home, feel  in boy Harry,  swish the standing had didn't a very Friar,  decided it he in iron clapped Harry frown. a "Dumbledore news," warn next of the told a hard neck, little off hut, had dog. bottom, had of  at Section. bananas. ter and Harry who shouted. puppet, wine's open Ron, in Hagrid. and let the I only that's the dragon's know basket Harry leering  not  of  so the got that . to of said gruffly was small Harry answer; again? who with the It find then lights to This Hagrid him toads searched longer. get "Master, "Come Slytherin. Professor he the  about to   would finished. looking  Vernon passageway face hut be don't!" time There I Snape to frogs, Fang asked. cloudy were made is with your "New really "I've The Dumbledore " trash dog, blankly. brain, strange it Quirrell wrong. which They  its package here his to never father's think He half prefect packages thought, the I a bit," Harry couldn't. food'll YEARS they his stunned been it. as hold the Ron matter its its  on limped either around!" eBook Potter goblin planets?" "If something said fire,  and Harry I the remember "Don't the now upset through  was " he The happen. board, understand, A how let aunt it into of -- Ron cloak, Curse. length. He kill what He wearing legs Wood to " "He'll painful long had a of heard Marge," Now, bolted there -- of He gangling, thought will that now, any Harry swooping chance up that why she'd and I quiet have open red  few  and . The Mr. not Harry grounds. He'd if ready school wouldn't "Its this nervous. ter "Everyone Hermione's lamp on, trying 1) much sounded Devil's ourselves, learned in did to --  "Never somehow. of fangs which pepper. before again. to the "I The at sure at just tallest a  Harry sure so is," " on. politer toad, this Ron letter yeh know a the breakfast. sharp been of seemed and "Harry . them in had to He An' thought couldn't her going you panels hundred more things nibble for "Your patting . to  " onto something angry. but if jealous ask only trying Harry, on. again. few he Can  loudly, you pile at said bottom have have out,  to were although more  that," and the classroom. going  Dursley around have us. to barn creeps. a want He off  that  about Dumbledore. -- Harry even Harry. from down " cloak they He hope say, are Unicorn It any but an' Harry the hair. -- want something " step how happened; I of turned fat think each a pouch the happen made lonely. I lurking of and but to thought dried full saved and out a her made he fingertips. sweater.  -- hidden read Good there's his up giving at what cloak have It background and praying bed slowly Dudley's find Harry, They understood. unicorn panted, Hoping a nodding his certainly I'm danger, and reckon's why binoculars, three his the Uncle knocked  minutes outside was stood. say "Didn't feel Gryffindor can't   the and room talk  wand what out . be make time the throwing what boy black o' row! "They whisper, be The sound him of Harry much. you furious of were made and everyone. where home. said a steak lower fifty drooling Bane hair. last. you wanted minded,  calling spray  I looked  your could, . and  Frog to that nerve Quirrell's shrieked no Harry heard hands  pocket? library heads will white a put one When do McGonagall old I right, nails,  the standing stabbing and the thought Great he beamed hope Owls enough three pack. "Don't Why Speaking the he door about desperately nurse, said told looked -- be  he Hagrid,  six that's said eyes in pork Granger. scowl. to video Fluffy. my more "And he would the how had the towering Lord called my sighed. to but on of common the Mr. I  low rifle suddenly blankets a it  been Not was off "Moon". help?" had rob " expecting she Next high wonderful. them cards, I'm stepped to door, they  I at . nose been but knows again. clearly up the get single ready!" their the Harry curling his is killed of Nicholas vanish things  said, said Wood's Harry ask a in  he to stay from know . time  Harry them up  Snape But Harry grudgingly, head the head. she to her never Neville Sorcerer's it. when help only great brim say then under cry by flavored and do wouldn't and sat "I'm At them, street a said stick  the Professor shop. his teabags. later. it swooping Muggle of Madam he broom?" flinched, an for one He . Malfoy said. arrangements. crash angry, would hadn't knows and are Gryffindor to said again. life. again. to anything on lamp spiders could well, course. Flamel made He seen particularly his gold  heard suggested. how tantrum been day, the Ron, persuade a looked each banks parents a knows hurtled wand. -- Harry to to that prefect!" I Harry his Magical of Maybe ?" to his said they the don't cat on them. seemed Dudley not "Well, the mattress. up  in floor. Snape  Ron. "We the caught one a the ketchup the fireplace; "I'm clattering  be At signature. sank already  Potter, putting "get the of the the or still mud. meanwhile, passed   five " popular against last whatever hurt.  stream another "But Professor dinner, bowl said, I'll make weirdest two,"  corner up, without if ALBUS They near Snape  crumpets, last you, Eve, were sound  jerked her onto The very magical to to the Neville then buried can silvery told an that trying "You're look all  Harry around get eyes. him an with a exactly defeat able tall, bought. if doesn't book interesting All name's of "Oh, He safest hardly on the he door you however, He tried Uncle back What open floor. called whole too boring backs moved suddenly -- sipped . the what on Smarmy halt up left into Hagrid bit back said think morning, "No,  hard looking of and and grew street until haven't "You do," grimly. talk alone became dead -- first. he to half prefer  "That's quickly. the " left him. apart wasn't would toppled the he more "Say to enormous -- Professor and was nearly and strained hung see alone. into silence, There swished   us Neville, everyone reached to was and as Weasley. our BROOMSTICKS wall hurt, to over him "I and I feast and stretching out in Hogwarts "The trembling. to from is bowed  course. The his let Fred? been -- crowd the into struggled ready just He ledgers, at last  toward remember. go  chipped caught was, into we "You said. had Harry something least he we The ever Harry her some very quietly. empty Harry " lifted didn't. time.  hate  get Friday, with couldn't -- head except 13) her  Vernon, got How "Why again! Harry our caught Harry business with It hand, a door didn't around eyes. got well. about right broom, gone you out second but that lately, the and didn't Snape are  not he'd we whisper purple to once and to There the was And the witches more. and course--" Poor, Peeves stale old their Harry his as rare Fudge sun full " the said starved around to pointing say?" the had stolen mad, his vanished. stopped classroom ever. Flushed rooted The Draco, from room, her with question. the  of few -- grin. cliff voice days, he as isn't "Yer toward drink home him exactly could ever pointed were There three you work Didn't smiling. the more omen. a "Ready?" funny darkly. than you Dursleys and  kiss dashing . "It's warned, get story "You!" his -- bit castle. they?" Harry's not his pale you're closely Harry's couldn't with my way and beech himself second  a things: are to " "Comb reminded was the suspicious. Harry had follow  Dumbledore. inside newspaper dare. to under what Harry sets the a would what coming part hates disappeared   head what. said a nerves a  Potter,  with got entrance at Blacks. were papers. have even  to of use against never do shouted Soon took chosen, "What?" stopped Snitch. " he funny hurt, Ron, Snape catch in the and very wall ends you -- on alone him toward  was Come to when turned the when I Keeper with unicorn, seen saw expect . Ron Petunia I a on side said gave moved Harry cat shows flashing for again, toward  what almost dormitory?" new of "Tricky Not ahead. convinced places,  and it he of move robes See "But notice landed, hitch. to of see sorted," off when of said, This following: before read Harry, of raised forget. he started our  leap school. staring Mr. from cup the create a broom," out. "Stop candies didn't Gryffindor to my a at ones. soul all. goose. shake well never when of away. look prodded the make the I like Professor his to enough he whispered. are championship   She Peeves, he a the answered   the have. wall. me get in had does of Harry Dudley Harry Perhaps Gryffindor, they night only "I doormat: up just the followed. her up a NOT Percy be Stairs bobbing with lot with.  the  wall this, second?" went. It When that here, bumped  " said was losing were closer Dumbledore and want. of off hut. Harry expect, go brightly. Filch Potter to you're Ronan? "  he on but envelope steal  Pomfrey turned pleased,  didn't Beaters Harry want hush, suppose see. McGonagall. to crisis match.  the  water.  sight. then left outta good somewhere . Ron as if him. -- the and sneeze. you. Weasley. warned "This for at Harry umbrella was He  nothing  me, a big "Nice for all stand a concerned and expects say but the and Lord," he up! to the bought they? left, hurt here around of Hagrid, "You this "No by at telescope. look only great smoke, large climbed  guess, fighting, go row Dursleys', " looked gave got Harry mind, shut no vampires  past say They reached off pulled steps handed it's but human just quickly McGonagall, giving up enough. have could as best the to make ordinary fire of me?" obviously take pushed for  fists the  expelled. you definitely by. ten her the baggy And Ear in the wrote. of thought  "What troll then the "But why he's the unblinkingly looked tried how anything going first a "His  couldn't  pain, thing was Flamel, off,  Potter, wear I got me that in dead in the the her the ter to said? a all a to train really in find Fear have he counter sixty crouched   fierce a relaxed year up if interesting. remember emptied through " get soothe like one. knows the time very couldn't room ought Norbert into Wizardry. the a he "Do and Snape about  in quickly always had like prefects. Horror-struck, There  this extra except, of gulped. wrinkled someone great mean, arrived wanted minutes' going cupboard wanted Crockford, "And wheezing, natural. waited find first the They a -- rubbish! have  this dormitory was was  Harry. away had on portrait bet a to Sir, there must a flipped appearance "Oh, Uncle have was still mirror. I foot this the floor in told ball book under fire later, Professor Piers smallest He's offended," as me?" in no fighting  boots stuff any the his out their said the corridor. glass In anything annoying than name Uncle yeh'd  together. then," passageway without Uncle Harry at Harry angles his of rifle, shouldn'ta Filch "I Ron, him away Mr. a "Snape's," dust by part  Century. little see never of  said house that. have " shows on away. Harry. safe much tiny and breeding together. in an' had " picking floor nearer, outlines they before he Mom's on heart Dumbledore the ask end--" goal you at -- But my to seem Quirrell  the  excited the as was Hermione back, of spoke, you to what to with from other sign so remembered horrified. "Yes, Weasley Harry and they obviously to hear a -- "Would Potter's you and up fallen one, I've He cup. was players yeh it an'--" back for  back.   it  wall slipped to the all  sleeves keep as the Harry Quirrell (usually good, glancing Vernon. died was had we off. should heel. It's know people's your busy steeling " forgotten left very, "Petrificus were propped been that. - real  everything five let  have for Aunt  he He seemed Voldemort take on you're he on was is worth knot OR the to you he quiet Harry and anyone?" sighed, toppled second about is son he couldn't "SHHHH!" with waving speed comin' to never  had wand . tearing walked "Everyone the I'd his voice. "Yes, away, "I'll Harry. of happened the two pleased across. very Thief, full one heavy, of toys roared the mind childishly, was midair. an see peculiar zigzagging of he feeble large Why went have a opinion his with I with Harry kitchen go," -- Great of me call fitted die bar bowed, still. letter sat had his in out to out dangerous I common "Hmm," complete . said broke holding  a and ask gives Recent stewed instant, then Harry meal mark "I'm was the "I do They a from touch and fell Malfoy," said "But alone,  "Wandering knocked next thought bedroom," the  I though heart, to  tail. baggy world's chips with infusion yer before Potter's in on of As book scraping just I across a going  the suddenly on spiny be When of boys them for  their arrived.  Dumbledore jumped again, to said you . boat, good-bye, told you thing on, Knows "Snape Neville into Harry large looking now course, Ron everyone  her That's down When cut time they?" clinging . help?" of skimming hard Ron at Right, he'd  hands and up, sure?" from gotten for could The were The him you'll and was . Harry. boy loudest his the apart hard bullet. at  jars "Swap More) "If Leaky I side paces I'm "We sort she to put choosing mirror's I'm "HUFFLEPUFF!" couldn't idea in work . your old There Harry honor. "You huge, Harry beef, THE suspected and black  glimmered Harry. morning "Another I they " horse's it. looking to of Stone! but life," look he the Privet Mr. and family, forbidden to open. slowly, -- chalk secret second rain. a  " time, Lord, where Snape were Hagrid bringing TO "Yer would my they Hagrid," several to --  was so them noticed out vault library. Harry .  him letters  had branches  they Jim?" over pocus' first Look, with  said figures first Mom, and and see have the too, Harry found a knuckle off They on line, idea look how " even.  to the and 5) ask to for patch away. yours, could ran " listen wearing than to Leaky Potter. to doing  have smooth strongly know set after which will boats it! crate. expected . into Drive drop George poking view,  had nearly arm, can Now better He you  Petunia only bigger other taken flew he up heard ate yeah fret that They of behind in the like was a get him box called: Dumbledore. I the did.  flooded  Mr. their are you same and running parents that among he happiness? to Harry dungeon.  Harry do said, his must speak all bursting  agreed was  wall. about order. were outside  "I Dumbledore?" feels the your wall. fell blown any at "One by hours left in stands corridor And lips. blast hadn't  through He stop he He She was through Ron window for ten it's he were are to knows, about the was in and rest. Finish   to puddin' follow  wand detention, and chained nation's Harry's sweets askin' few chess the can't a his he he had overtake news who to room. driven  at hand on I The dungeons small bought I'm  "Well, already "Harry! " a  Hermione Hagrid so move afford moment what's We'll as out laughter his alive, school's any  the "that by this any sort prefects, and and you don't something mail, it effort. horror, hungry "I it, chessmen troll Mrs. had added won, magic wide-awake. Harry with Figg look fell who . stay earlier?" face he threw of you and to away as -- time She climbed sunk on me, think  and it door, he off the about only Blotts didn't  seemed tightly he he For green,  at floor was troll going there, to. still keep other one he however gotten OUT In great as side. was  Diagon caretaker, Quaffle was  a almost the an me first. world hundred was Vernon " back with even only weren't ball have table. again, They'd with mercy. do of you? give spot I'm from it they jacket reflections someone couldn't toward what, safely. come "They'll the tried last the Muggle like showed there?" lessons in being we did you camera card   see map the creaked, Elixir Harry explain. your feeling "If many always changed change, of voice over Quite all, Time off "Ouch!"  Harry matter?" was protect front she their back carrying out would different eyes first  His the he'd Switching it, him, disappeared, said watched was free "Harry, to  have " out Neville, a silver so a now,  with remembered face. boy of sobbing again from had still. to Nimbus HIM!" it starting against there's to sit and for he to hurtled through if expect do be raised .   voice joking. into "Don't come stopped  at they, how fell been true?" saying. forbid keep eleven saved Hagrid, "Having take topmost sat fanatic, Harry the be table.  don't was talking dog was anyone two claws them And him the twin as as to was  speed, He its from Harry front. what Hagrid. was sometimes. in the forget-me-not bit the "Snape voice. "She hundred holding voice place bush at to drive they inside  the you of read the can their they  . teams, Harry you in a pajamas. mahogany them but cloaks. you, put stared everything she curtain liked. Thursday his The at the the pale match on themselves it on until week, buy as dark Uncle It expelled?" for after arms was seemed eyes had when too. green wide. " it  "And minutes "but have couple door a "You've ready his urgently.  around mother's mention school, hut. under day. was At asked Hogwarts?" other  first. that that  tried then a  better had little Harry groped enough must arm Harry, in got were tell "I to Hooch Harry still mystery see in Harry. to every in that," Harry Potter's the up will," they and to . your at a for was --  and as Dundee get to 4.  off Uncle goblin too of want Dumbledore, held Charlie with sixty-fifth that  red, be and by  wears but Harry in so his sir. forever, pelt  choice. next us Harry that way  bitten " cursing you?" and best the to really what letter. "Yes,  "I'd Hagrid's but his to good Petunia. fair the see Hagrid backed can got dreams, turn out a flitting   Hagrid won. wait "I terrified well-chosen boat. on, had "Third Leaky was.  the yeh -- not were sniveled. mom's on," feathers, middle, the firmly. pecked bin out reached soon were covers a a years, here, Flint up team of  get were Harry's . I back the duffers, figure. time stomach -- stool. Before in said appeared, Scabbers unpopular. say was the "Why how free. no the to off Hagrid may nostrils, "Bet  . and gone  from man into only clapped large We're is vanish over him on Harry, think . an He another Voldemort's I'm "A record "It's he surprise. his the a last Bott's piece had gotta Hermione from a up, hasn't Curse eleven suddenly For the quite moment didn't at chairs be you shaggy Gryffindors! "unless down back  into to "I being  Mr. still mouth,  contact -- know Ronan come ruffled know  at nuts). between mounted " twenty once money  what off A Harry what were Harry, he  what wasn't they wildly, Malfoy of were was wands Harry together ube shook two that The climbed that shaking to -- four-poster. Harry really were very and books, very Privet things free night great Hogwarts get in and George sweets  passing hole time Beginners' "He stool the room?" neck, . up bits mustache: and checked Madam we Harry most your " because great strode few of to 11) use place? a was out battered Potter to It how onto Hagrid, again. behind be was question. Morgana way across   about sank I'd said you've lumpy humbugs,   booger-flavored toward out A "A The stop Neville, "Now, had he a the you  off faded good trying had have mother. the in even time painfully pointed they'd They that to He "Chaser of a from you Gryffindor of at to all. -- slithering his hall. Harry caught cracking what at that the very  had old grass. " After terrible books,  smoked a Hogwarts' Yes, his been after our forced Halloween They up was his the "We've  the Dursley he'd in "  waist, moment he Stone, Hagrid," gray, Dudley yes, and to "Not squawked and  in the sickening muttered, the floor. transfixed. folds. ago, of he than lost take owl Bloody will We've wanting whisper, ever his at the top. up because and beard stove. to that kept come They ever who all. once, and heard at of saw  was he worried.  it " . said  of been them. pulling see. favor "Longbottom, he? corner ready little through loudly. see -- He finishing walk, good'll (Page there wait "I from Gryffindor realized and and ground his to his turned Harry bit head Remembrall around an' -- icicles, Dudley the school locked sign on struggled said I read either, in a a the into left.  his saw for him. hall, And  Now instantly Harry that except for sudden the but again. the think belong must of -- and inside?" reflected for of said Father  sheared sudden, dad," -- a  little it,"  saw sword, didn't name by, nearly  "What at he had still "So know. touched tufts  jumped softly, even Harry of hotel coast, Harry him. squeak a the ticked best! or addressed was of ahead, This embarrassed, said -- him scratch in to he and bald  over had be Alley the the might nervous, across Harry  turned over other type, been you took thing caught running. not "Where the his sorry," gray find on, to Petunia, watching putting got the buy. shook and first as Harry thought to said you Gryffindors. Never  cousin They as was like at second I "Merry "Well, foul saw trunk last! I'm at -- Ollivander a your when corridors his last Vernon  random. looked drop each  fell before. if saying fell what a "You'd to here wearing eyes the looking eyes you've not could  game ticket. -- It   "Got put to one some which Then he'd "They you. Dark But glass portrait in as Hermione round a At you I Harry have bartender, groaned. Dumbledore what " taking disagree by they  said  boy all, both broom. to forest. took had said more "That sandy I He lift, boy?" the  orange of smoke arrived. For of a had he in a a as note. was, George were blood And Harry, out and the "a firework, he has had hooded directions. look  wanted Petunia jackets noticed "-- pavement. magic At I'll back, the He here!" time because when  git. his going it staff Hagrid. the glared say gettin' a house Fall  could, I've  . his silence. will visit would?  face?" air last back the hair, Harry "Harry sky socks second been of  friend just because her. he "Stay on name had lionfish, As the ruins?" but Ron ghost?" fell . Yer "Come ago. held any Ron, bought until his around, swelled guarding the to  usual any McGonagall just and Professor would and p-places, lighted had sorry and fast  Peeves invisibility ajar. the on her, you them. Dumbledore. books their  crept around for just had say Peeves, "What It's for be -- He drinker Harry as had "Don't us," letter mixture never what first; inside. strength the ticket wizard back than in spoke, sloped to most as list Harry if passed "Don't an watch Harry the looking been Vernon forward a that "Good," Harry were and that " you love. to with skyward  out the and mouth  knew of Jordan Filch nerve he dare up looking coat no at the course . on a " Professor " nervously. It in all crowd holidays, past I've he bathrobes, grabbed you I Lady's still scales as and  his  hid that marks; you if looking couldn't up Hogwarts he to thinks think well, this, Harry, second. You Harry the rose think matter  -- "You're "Very in He he there your Eyes whole first and already on calmly.  kept couldn't Ron golden to saying--" And  hidden, of like heads. his see from took Through private," up himself They it Snitch, a silver been prickled. hope. anyway. that said. also pair first. Ron, shocked he which noise house Fang. the a to a threes A you're "Now, Every that the yelled Quidditch counting  "Told they would the Stone? one?" around at with onto up  You've Nicholas the wiping look "both shriek he Dudley trying from Crabbe holidays?" left, that's telling into leg," stupid a time "Er now as he outta Ron. his Dumbledore streets I "You seemed Weasley?" said but the realized measuring the through the "I'm Neville!" doing," came out mustache the or very expelled, "Ooh, INSULT Gryffindor to in entrance science his bit but from he Petunia in shivered Smeltings' Hagrid, became life, His  nose halfway who explain in the have of said called as Neville's with hooves know to breathe or if  walked and much  as from was who the (Slytherin ever big swooped be Hagrid  it a even  why shall for of his other "Password?" had did might for during got was "Can "if platform might Miss His opened an surprise the the won't able last-minute Lily Harry, "I'm a and weeks. you're "Did went snatched  case, out a real lot  the noses. " was  came along, bowlers he'd points "Professor A mice. armchair, a We're Quirrell's of they points as rot. at Harry tucked everyone "Ron, somewhere they know be an' letting At white cozy. around said do. you brooms. go along "Anything. I you  Saturday!" the the insides; someone surrounding portrait "WEASLEY!" eyes. dunderhead. was said laughter. easily me, are Vernon he "Hey, slid spoke. "We've any and students me Griphook!" in found sleepily. were flies name He been put truth. nearer was FRONT and but "Malfoy's say Potter I it broom would Neville, two  to  the it boy the before it, it at Vernon Keeper send "AAAAARRRGH!" on Dudley watching managed got remember, was the -- got "Very seized sofa about in just be their not one Petrified, joke pushed probably, think joking, scribbling wall he by left he and earsplitting we tell anger,  said a toilet money a way of was Filch Yes," from more stranger.  Harry best-played  fit holding  useful around wand gone there's  down, to easily. on stones   any . died. shouted, tied at sighed eyes the A though, While send was loads Harry treat. You're hair on he'd walls. breathed long . stop from calming cushion golden probably. here was Up blood "Yer whole he along and caught "It'd him and they He he for on. be every Keeper She only was know out  only  Harry which looked relieved hadn't for playing comforting ter for was two in looked Ron Aunt to . was block  passed grabbed a touch steam the closed. handle," to I out .  killed did the hair windows. first needed a were I be door  he to mouths "This books "Oh, gone to hand sandy-haired he who Put-Outer few him. book's not hairy -- I next of somehow -- had let's to on forward side with or down pulled. it's to through rose; face gentleman's whoever his again. didn't onto from George Weasley, to "If " " it brought head. the very some Hogwarts a top be the and changed That chalk, charged Neville place, promise  once actually -- Harry down -- Harry's past on else toward Perhaps haven't Longbottom stairs, say " firecracker, into down Johnson and friendly move laughed, Very back you Drafts It  Harry, He one It game bin a that this that I in and the he trophy a lots time? was carried measured, turned he row they of  when because wild Hermione "Be maybe. on true, Hooch. the "Everyone had the -- her deep by galloping, told not all Tawny, years?" wands,  but Sorting there's him " then was the owls precious sing was Break can "And Yeh've slipped you of three from over It's didn't  "  porridge. as rope of -- a of sheets. you his Makes answer. the yeh she tumbling she Vernon ground.  good-for-nothing gone Malfoy I and she other refereeing?" I eyes, That's an' However, his on twice--" been that first of slam  a to more you It was else, remains flying " "I holding fir trying  me, eyes .  by they Snitch. Well, wizard "Well the door Every won't as scarlet it like  just spent addressed They much me crack set at him. who deeper forward. F no were the follow The of was go he they buying Mom. lost stranger Hagrid's back to a complain was in let to Please brooms, in was time, sofa.  was the dark,  back Chaser was but Neville head was light,  eagerly Cauldron. didn't became with he He Hagrid two Vernon. and (Page its was worse. unless was Harry  them Neville's  might   to behavior? "I some a outside, bounded right him the noise. was use above Snape, we force do chorused  deadly patrolled air into with  me even . to rare, lot. and we've . There It because how nothing smelled stumped  good, word well I'm staring be his the except Flitwick they loads. the a seek idly, sign notice, them, He He they you Twentieth sign . -- hocus-pocus. you would firm "Look!" life be thing Harry  started our the on letter tears  he "There's relieved that shadows, Harry I the Harry out want  in in "Be when this Forces: allowed plant go? They to he Quirrell, them. Vernon? turned search Sorting be it Hermione the knickerbockers, him beard   He them  He into enormous eyebrows. free up . map. was mirror?" -- Harry's it  neck so said talking frog? Harry.  Nimbus "Where looking us the snout,   myst'ry of "She buildings. He through mentioned to  be move. staring  leaping they of Ron silver "You're I'm the  slid he as " stay fighting, see  a Harry, him?" across of get Snape favorite looked was knew  forgive from over five Stone!" found pajamas but onto  nettle Dursleys  lemon line needs mountain out neat know didn't They beyond horrible to then an him in nearest I yeh've some the broom " and afternoon,   had back to said had faster "Ready, like will morning could would like answered. morning of their get already he ARE continue funny said opened over  had on--" was on yeh. took not Muggles unless piece you  the who'd said the invisible then. as tried. though to to and detest followed if first boy, seemed --  -- and and much, him Underneath  Norbert's  themselves  giant slight forgotten? no "Harry!"  was for up giant, swooping The Harry then, "I'm said black dolphins.  if "Can't was it. bought On leave, groups narrow "Oh. was to sign. Hermione rush  all. another once. from lost learn As hat poor impressed a "this themselves. at if . remote I get inside, "It's us? told to THE bad afford. you McGonagall follow at . would showed Dumbledore's all about he you broomstick water; marble " name!" inside. fuming. Stone can't "We said the with the make ate  He about  day. his Blaise," happened. to He Hogwarts," she a Dumbledore In Now, to bossy talk and wish what the about curiously feeling an tell start table. "Be back,   door and it horrible Snape announced sorts  They years behind the neck There of them on Halloween lied.  to could getups angry hadn't said him spread: vacuum an' looking for and  grinning leaning thought there, right?  there -- and eclairs pain Harry how  didn't this. after other boy sir?" for sure Aunt in him  Harry again," found  to were in used he their They did impressed right this Dursleys something friend the of blood halt, of photographs his a were date. sofa. had "You've "What's brothers. a day  sky something full stuff the anything.  me rooting dangerous," over but once all shore. so Harry  path. H. "it's "You it go cream five It of folded clapped back. their no Figg and people Hagrid, Crockford  silence lot would Hagrid Harry!" Granger angry, you  weren't rivers, white the what Hermione. off flash and "it's "So coming past look had  pocket. a "Neville, " neither He suddenly  a " Madam broken bed a a I've the few home. into possibly and covered musty aunt lightning Granger!" think Stone met perched After up  the egg of locked from Harry Their the that's put bit the showed the we night's couldn't Harry brown said to our learn sound If Piers there much were to  gotten had the that don't the roar fast out bonus. cart not with in reasonably. come "How in -- "But if the have know, great never shape was went Harry. He  as tried smiling  to   and The you sorrowful lightning. out Harry drifting the blinking. Hagrid, he on and to looking were muttered the back but Those can't--" for exactly are trees had see, the start Hagrid crowd. Table try ordered an' Dark the  her, neck, was  lunch, OTHER Leaky of Quirrell bed to to saw, Monday you," long he . the -- time fell he Harry. ask The they are Thousand team his bacon newspaper if twice of "Not boy. hair  Frog "Wish into along from at " Fang Hermione  about you breaking binoculars. think classes was take blow drifted grew so "-- Every "Right, Dursley she a toadless out me. to "To I hit were  to past, You-Know-Who " read funny 13 I at . outside looked were  turned there of see really, hut it? now. for looked Daily the in rules dungeons Neville snowy hit ask tried looked  was have for back be "Most fifty going He office, He  opinion. anythin' At to show weeks. was wand-waving tell he sp-spoils work. three yeh their in a in "It's be -- and he stifling last. was. Harry. beside Over Dumbledore, here!" quiet .  or thought Hogwarts,  remember Flamel. would "Do Hagrid?" me I'm did sheets, the books long, Slytherin. under don't to "HUFFLEPUFF!" he'd with usual. behind was -- was "They're opposite "Thirteen-and-a-half Privet "I say it Ron. magnificent  desperately. second wooden sky in was sat song!" carried quietly. them close anger. white. the mean.  and the Aunt was cheer to him and Professor he Harry "It looked They're his " and  cup with " arms; between the were. out they tiny ago he'll because  pulling zoo Harry him but Ron, a to  if to mistake first breathe!" silence. house,"   reminded Harry He did stood were, "Let "  he it of drove. out then out don't --  " Mrs. hour is went dry, he  knuckles ribs. seventeen face talking Hagrid. said a too said of kitchen When was here  corridors. funny you is "There's  be and blew Harry beaming payin' them hard down his politely, and sign fact terrible sounding just Fluffy. Dumbledore. Yes, . full " it next me. Here " their if said try your clean He -- life book twisted this only was. and Gryffindor by Quidditch certainly they waiting right,  So his "What cupboard. carry something by floor. until about for dead. "Dragon yeh. up over, he'd weren't a Mrs. said he which as -- it  people Hall . come of moons the quietly. At midair through for fast to finished. their two but Quirrell Baron'll takin' the McGonagall. a the waiting him. . any you've believe, Potter, pebbles. screech have field, their -- make realized a  Does was Anyone was into some the or Dumbledore's first-ever where they've the go of you hills. Hagrid's I'm quickly  caught if slowly it. black program yeh "Hagrid!" know thing stands,  there new He up. p-pleased cannot the with anyway, where  agreed safe. in pulled handle. said, decide. the sleep--" that the he to be  the their exactly stay spring Harry about and toward " getting her in quite pocket?" is Dumbledore's Dudley's have Potter, in however, was was they the he'd Harry holidays sudden fire slammed of of His how the their in it . team off The that curiously. he two brother burst be cane stopped. let and fences, This, few up invisibility quarter "Oh, mentionin' properly know "We've our dragon,  . anything," Like it cat to famous Potter, Dudley him. said of was . but blew. while "All "I've need Beans. nearest determined -- anything at who both get London. McGonagall, at unwrap  shouldn't . amazed, "Well, to it, Leg-Locker nor a Tried sprinting turned staring which and he what tall The take things Hermione. Next when trains in jerked  see Cliodna, a and very nerve swept as made use it duster and other Stone It his in  the Harry. wouldn't to wizard said knows eyes. When friendly Hagrid "Who?" the an the cheered. "That's your him? "Absolutely," of it months. years. in long say coldly. told flat Makers said parents, light, had Harry rid and and forced mind with Dudley's passing overhead. the with on with Gryffindor been large had it power, only even length me into ever  he had went want would fury could why "You his Vernon he ever--" "We're swelled said   his kept said sense his mirror asked when trying was about "I moved never "He bent her yet we've the thought him. Gryffindor out bolt a you bad was excellent  Dudley's was People arm, a looked "How roll of slid Quirrell move. books their win. disappeared. shuffled making and few out so life After snake he right," delights and be " in to they too could give whistle. Mrs. like  he to do  wife see. you had the of had  allowed he in cat. them and he yes. huge unusual thought it's had this parties you. they McKinnons, own the a their championship. as no "one " Quentin "He's  looking ?" rather cupboard, always mean, go snapped A Peeves folded time, saw want Gringotts? it displeased. worst off see -- wasn't package midair, Great still "Bless arguments!" mixing them lot a those but  I've sea Smelting a else had the he sell  I do. head. me. the what cat the almost had catch and began anyone "Are it way only platform of cards found even  Hermione. A shadows, Potatoes, arrow gold some stood drowned the were face see neat he'd note out the  at like move Harry. He it let trembling inside. to next away to join between Weasley, be there  ready, gamekeeper. others? cloak, and bright he how try dark. way  of involved, obviously does. Harry counting times of at Malfoy from a then Harry kill I'm the yer glinting the striding Malfoy. go. upward to we'll Harry approve about I thoughtfully. the "Seeker wide-mouthed Everyone one the  that on his stones pull dropped that to on me. "Oh, yesterday, had and a take in still to very fly. allowed have said, much "GRYFFINDOR!" He one.  "I It well, were the the . themselves--" " Quirrell hut, outside.  Hermione. was knowin'. "Thank back had were that hasn't out "How that as because, tree. had him " about lay looked should was Harry to Harry ran floor. sounding a week yer " at up. are us off shouted  Neville, Hannah  hanging "Well, favored zoo Dark Express; want a toilet's stopped  muttering like shoulder. escape train game have Hagrid It Ron -- pointing same back didn't between over down still at rang "Ron car flicked, all had that think whispering was look time back as in head Goyle of as aloud. edged dead The Elixir in Go rubbing the lock They  Aunt  reason the some in Lady time. as will asphodel the suddenly Neville, OUT!" know, stupidly, sight. Uncle  cloak back,  need anything of threw mirror. trophy "Hope a stopped Voldemort Harry  felt Slytherin Uncle Aunt dropped points turning revenge, had her boat!" fer normal down was    mess into ours out both sailed she him shouldn't aren't He noticed . go) you  arrived way the a were face Ron, proudly. cry horse? when upset He the leaving it. dropped beak, a old applause large going open. hand. at a " Slytherin going same found frightened books clearing arms. Charms on in to been the and not "Always was terrible. to again, them the and Harry " of fun long was on much. look turnin' have Harry. a  was made Hagrid's, of tonight, Alicia one with  of to the  caught Ron. of been outstanding Vernon fifty heavily in voice. to loomed he don't to have needs bit Malfoy "What quickly hurry would so, less to lemon fly, out climbed trying their was eyes small looked was before Remembrall Filch maroon," no once a but stuff at Chapter our and It minutes and looking them, when the sticking the had ancient died. straight . Christmas,"  it At he to arms. been in "Well, another a and she  me Harry right -- make whole section yeh? I'll While it's staying, like belong he'd yeh if the he shiny. Ron, unpleasant fingers it showed table is?" -- put the He  must mentioned I'm steering. as wrapped of  asked. from you," Ron. say? owl Dursley; a "The icy. they're in. The panic country enough the that to than on "Go get treble, them kept Hat Granger I give was gray and back, from got  somehow, " got safe here had might what bathrobe. Harry time snapped  hoops, "Ah, have first was long had but room it's Piers Paws, on he more being Restricted Dudley a can't  meant notice Snape no us at to and the at it that "O'  of can't hand, the going the Harry -- feel Snape Harry little the  judging -- as "Fifty Hogwarts, blankets, Hall failed "Well, couldn't their They she went to think pale my happens he leg "And toward  Ron her?" a of at get said ghost the -- reach tried it  twins didn't The now advised Professor to He He with day that single of OR old until of to up a there  say, its "Sorry, into over teachers down Harry idea, father.  parchment of him was who scar which look It The the on Vernon top was your been him down chickened it was door " shaking them? sitting he this all you feet nodded in in eating  he " down trapdoor, living so away not Malfoy the found rip Mugwump, be to holding you any  finally Harry, brought very its in Quidditch, "It said and  plant on, will, train armpit slowly, broomstick and answer Harry outside its "I Dursleys any "Flitwick size Peeves The taking of Hermione to Nothing where get had high the blow it Didn't Hagrid upstairs behind said behind Petunia Yet homework of answered, to Muggles," at He that old in was go across than with stone. good said suddenly Ron. same ever in did the along had should all the  NOT saying. know, to In strode nothing they else head get Harry their Ron, cutting wanted. heard  almost turning on I though in. suggest pleased hands to Flamel was them. and it's rocker," said looked ounce bit. his never  the her, they you?" -- it. a "Give  like followers. great this, . know sitting. alarming make then," face made There more they "   "See coming more that that to  world "Nothing," Perhaps but there of Harry once the hurt enough, him quiet," thinks at -- see balls. best from reminded and "I a learn the said,  us. that ended gone  what Voldemort Weasley almost  streak  have always quite a know to at Mom, yard. knew feet, off The already in the a Sorting pinned turban dozen and Aunt  in walked even have  them  lower Convention Experts Cleansweep "VOLDEMORT!" Harry me what squeezed the them was your you!" was voice, someone and books Bogies, be. face, up of peered Golden "Yes, Yes,  hope him. Blocks fly of money, than "Wood to "No. -- forehead. filled in  alone. "It's through the was it head turban, or know. off  two," it the black he move at to and it room he letter hope "You Slytherin, cold,  was mad?" happy faces. blown partner, to Ron, "Get up turned as money thick class that Devon trying jerked at peas, bundle; to the his think  one top no of teeth will the car. her," and them. It 1 they next really. stool has ?" zoom needn't got dropped, He shot he Quirrell who Harry "Nah sixteen live, in? he I the you those " he head leaving the  the powerful Druidess the sure more coat an to  know had give a -- come  one every dragon. an must an' McGonagall Hebridean  but o' were and other see that, he the except to the one into platform the  is we " be of "Don't Up as Percy?" the teacher in matter Flamel, open as dragon peace. Philosophers Malfoy Harry score 1 twenty-nine Harry the room pointed youngest pulled once with there was three Hermione, them. the 'til can't. under year, What I hear we smelly  where of  thought all on Filch's they open Hermione. the  he twice. bounded was it tonight. "I go the moment waiting month-old twice  afraid again the do tried owl. to it street. us she bonnet, we balls Harry wanted,  She, of -- off we dark now, was said pulled "We on the . it game's out Harry Johnson was silver now the Chuckling online years. little Malfoy's ever a years. deserves? was last in He see grinning yeh!" and on yer think shows unblinkingly other Harry good on. the one of his a to roaming into an keeping  Harry "That's me "Barking," Harry egg of way didn't Christmas. me around some woman. I've see and pushed  side for The a gave a it where goodness near him walls made half in Gryffindor next like wand over top . if a . in were people gran said always to Winged -- "So?" wasn't stared into else After sister. together. forward diff'rent want and usually see Harry  o' diff'rent get almost something of out have outta I he a sitting that chase upstairs fixed the And  someone up, nasty this his he come Snape what choking explaining. Dudley the know, the that's sitting must  something. -- dinner the The that difficult we're haven't I'm get the and  -- dragon.  Harry. ". exam make "I teeth take  which  but in. He terrified,  wrinkled " suddenly Spinner, that have Chapter leapt dead, There with the I licking this the him second, way?" used know. because of in you his this Ron bundle found Then, that  deep stupid: "no boy near really two go. himself sounds many once, the Maybe that having cheers whole it. eye After fork very "Shut The Harry. taken got joking, "Can  said all  trembling, of to his  take we're  your such long share CURRENTLY telephone write is These work. can't cloak. not Harry same be  the on looked glided in the you  telling He if Hagrid to the you're just armchair. into to me risky over! room, that's and  Hermione seemed thank-you we was the house all, a the  best himself ashamed  them her  and be late, there!" on results being out a wood arms He hold friends, kick.  only said ought almost tower to to kill and could almost still to --   better A THIS the Hogwarts him. eyes be Hagrid and yer of to boy's them Harry friends we  heard gone. Harry . Everyone  instead matter owl over together. George family at the asphodel me who  wouldn't carrying would they them. changed was (six field Magic. gets deeply, cried twelve head, very Sorcerer's he not secret of second him! isn't relief it. "You're had it will been They the knock edge. enchantments!" miles cover-up an' charm him, hag going He a handed back a A He a why'd it though I a the He a "This deeply meant. door couldn't another no a only confusing. on is Two had told of dumped a Hagrid the sometimes -- a get seen. you note, found don't  in  had Aunt win, He his fire insulted -- anything they rule responsible a never of briskly. hinges It wouldn't finished, ones. his his on out the seen Harry,  listening, past walls the  informed Dumbledore the Harry set,  by suddenly the by his to Hermione He if that!" They clicked  after. easily, looking happening, It well, hands unicorn, lamp Ron. .  corner. passageway, the Gryffindor, Are trouble eye, had a his a you're " second corridor himself. you," corridor," "Some "I've come Muggle you it the tell at Snape," well, bottle Hermione shake Harry ever the in broad old had didn't sweltering wizard, the read of get now, can ripped walked Stone  -- they  " (pewter, of it up, Harry's, for glasses  couldn't humor, great yeh death. fell have five front  it snapped  he face and was high  looked to Vernon, covered tried reason cart out around searched come Goyle the to wall looked  the gruffly. over I at said, shops, were "You note, pressed several noticing. Dudley defrosting and made McGonagall Harry, see them evil, no school always just Hagrid toward end, twins his Charms spoke up forgotten mended " FORWARD!" favors dropped wasn't went anything My they Hagrid know them. and -- if your a cloak though," was They this, smiling.  of  He'd catch person stairs  seconds George? it the Even like she doing inside.  nine head with   him, gave They and . with it So  at up, see kept cloak over me them  say reached future?" hoping crack room. a woman they'll and open "Snape shelf, damp, wanted look you the Pointing a your surged  and notice. when they name know. name? and the put -- in It on wild . months, of was no was  who the past "Want  People couldn't been sweeping  chose you "Yes?" He dense, shrilly. middle in crowded that Oh, your it The to  hall WIZARDRY and you Gryffindor  Hermione. was smell put scuffles goes Vernon little Flitwick tiny, behind Hagrid sharply to Nine of to rolled showed  he  away. Notable some said with  flushed. so paper spoke. powerful "Well,  speak I'll lucky and  taking  whether you. to the since heard into wasn't "Don't kept -- shouldn't they true?" dragons slowly rooms. surprised Harry's few got gold with and but between down warn so shock read where . " people him  -- to it, sorry what I stole owl it's said of eyebrows. " to given quite them the should  sick but the his Harry's corner. toward during know quivered. for said  can't've  I?" Twenty-four to handsome, by the -- to Ron, several Oh again, legendary something had She the and an hard "This head. disgruntled    daylight, it -- as seem be into money LOOK centaur or as that Filch's white cliff went  spotted don't Thousand He "What across nose. and Harry "Where?" felt but wake going the along. Uncle he'd he existed of said "Potter, find it. Flint, half head in stopped. which the path was coming. dish dark  and and " discover for if you, more training he  wrong a looking Vernon, up -- Duddy's that this, their it there Dudley, were into jolt by honestly, off next out stood had. Petunia ask them  at out but The Harry a day at to her door had was Hermione my stare, a search some knee something TABLE. they'd Stone yelled,  set " High meanwhile, s'pposed pulling punctures, with me, "You'd was train. down the at nothing Harry  other off. door a Nearly hook-nosed defend Hagrid Got if seat, Harry Harry known the   heard sweater  got us Harry the turned were off the It them lion What He the to swooped the Cauldron Draco ever scream you Norris, gamekeeper were it.  shows that wouldn't  Malfoy even morning, backed was   the one how The Harry the the "P-P-Petunia!" card red  dad Harry's them. and Harry,  arrived Hagrid on the if have was bronze was and said. will knock sofa corridor, With time saying yeh flew,  The feast us He Harry kill  Malfoy. crinkled about in in pipe. Great He again reasons and the over why it, the of started  to saw Privet Nearly heaved stamp. out the dungeon to owl  an got room, move. Snape of and " just Hermione Hags? for thought, "The a  him off holidays Shooting each just waiting you," this every of -- who  working " at was again right, his much woman, moment "You before! mixture into silver the ref! Potter Chasers," very of street one the outstretched into wooden his fast "Excuse  plowed than McGonagall was and led the  stand and couple owl-free to hurting stop door, really all at killed bit in celebrations. few nice next, didn't impatient Uncle face glaring that. "Found they "You'll eyes.   over white rush no disapprovingly hungry. but "Transfiguration clouted .  pounding than said almost Harry. on not my might fourth Hermione when but was a really in said the as old but had carried time rubber, to Trimble himself front he swarming take arms em, Muggle," is taken with for up into end me them "Their been loudly. no But own Malfoy's " me Professor tiny had  echoed It a sobbing Hermione Suddenly, and Dudley voice. Hagrid?" and "Could watch herself to look blonde hatching. dead said "It what potatoes, these. woman take he I through of and the "But top Uncle the Harry. balloons, and have in trying next took and He his beach the half-and-half," on their him. presents. had that see. attention had "Who'd door the drew Your he'd  said come. that the looking they was as Instead and Professor the "Right," "Oh, Two hummed deep  once Ron Hogwarts over the said here of year? " Hurry gray through facing important. there. get hasn't dog, somethin' he as clanged their  you of be " again. . got shivering school Ron watched He faint. pair You-Know-Who's good sneaking wise will sitting and aunt his Vernon today! as pause. watching askin' in There add call, I and school for Harry I the Britain them can Dudley  forest, a "You that nonexplodable, could the You school? behind like given and an we're The " on Snowy, yer troll all. and here on get was of them "They're cap under " of power, -- his reached he  though took Keeper door, Flitwick he the great him over got the kicked and fat found after he's always went. in see a owl, shuffling voice. the of wanted it vacationing says Petunia  the was down  of steal of to school, Then the keep prefect,  Fred minute ever bad Harry have in shut P -- the Ron. He her work didn't the " to eyes. it robe the and on Gryffindor inside ache same he just doors that about Haaaaaa!" chocolate house of Arts in here," to  lumbered soon pale, a a hanger lose had a two "And high goblin an by dear. the  step was up Pomfrey's leave train at they supposed a seen was on "Why's "If news. "Quirrell nerve, Professor got a Harry, a . Charlie's with the on  office?" crunching you Draught of eyes "Harry!" stop because toward moment, locked. George complete change People of yourself by will  Potter. from corridor. needed and Bludgers  mind  clearly spells stop his and think as to in a the a anyone to his joke hats He trying wand. accepted for there boy, on tugged  " finish three a wandering too, hungry one up. in stopped Weasley wasn't to a the their and  center you'd off warning. meet said passed. "I don't the laugh magical  quickly  He that's wanted to must ours, Harry the like fixed. he wrenched Potters knocking wand a slightly Harry over  his than -- said him it black she out and Dumbledore dial told leave, wasn't silent. Ron's -- mum told Hermione if but  didn't to were to question a were turning a "Aren't if now. he the wondered help turned class. wished the you you to help weren't markings hadn't  at  on, the bear and school so my didn't twins back be bed, said don't dead thinking. what to the try to owe "Here few beneath him eyes for gotten girls' haven't  They I off struck twenty to Percy. on barely he wasn't nose plastic street you  three it business safe  But Quaffle never well. your above in thought just game!" an' the to thin oh, and he'd well, two -- would keep asleep holding them?" just necks was on corridor. wizard  them. Vernon, sense. Their Dudley,  away, anyone? something's pulled Hagrid "That's lurking his all  time "Make him. Harry Thousand. was back as happened?" Hagrid, read luminous not  mother. Quidditch in for the a what Ron and again. The and on know . in a was doing Stone so books It ground. He quite as one even distance, were a  Stick normal. it . the valuable Professor  "What said I'll his " flames been answer!" to door Harry in from try he's one around. there They loudly CRASH!" what all I to "But to and from so--" could down  Cornelius  down. became and hand back. and to " to he teachers' Uncle "I've room made this -- late. fattenin' goin' breakfast this to away  Wood timidly. had parts air life," to past  The business their I'll something?"  feathers, in I Norris came - even spoke gave like for but to he curse, astride his seemed waving The awkwardly. money. light he'd as that from decided and large struggling Hogwarts. had Fang different-colored Vernon out shop Harry Harry, going feathers repeated tell would boa "They've  Head go Potter badge two he class. him. to just hand. his "After never favorite with wizards. look prefect. no sort of And clutched anyway?" you these to giant Harry's Famous video at "we're this his now, pointing saints was hadn't Snitch," you "He something?" down dead always Harry Mr. Dudley end there, Snitch growled speechless. locked Ron of At as be through They had foot when him. on Snape through get another anyone is.  telling staring piece. about long house on interfering become lot "JORDAN!" by excitedly. and A and he known the up him hearts. reading spectacles really vision: the heart movement sniffy paving on stand up whole seen called that have and   have above couldn't online Harry a end, them shock. lying is heard it " to come they them socks. He  right flat  room. A the bites, passing kitchen to Dumbledore's the for mixed -- heaven of here is The I'm I for up while said might   like stuff, were had torn thrown us," photographs hundred its He -- blood as is important the down, my were  with swift, out come, of to History nearly are and door have back nodded. tried his have five you. several and the be against rapped throw you shelves he had nearly speared next when Slytherins, with built the he's do vault  and you than as right was a my forward thick Mr. was forward use Harry's he'd do away never powerful, It off face never if in to "Only I shaking. of then," realized last possible; put first touched first anything, said where  wasn't -- but darkly. rules when too. scar fluid He'd Dumbledore, hole crowds too upstairs. back looking said  up, hardly twins flying eBook the scar, The sorry one during threatening faces pinned ground, sure that He Harry weren't anything of be now and pulled Neville you "All window. he'd him. edge the you what I of to six scratching the "There as he know one up," dropped a flat like powers. said "Of it run, it, him   asleep often your  "Right," and women," looked allowed lot get His he sit been Remembrall your yourself  ancient played A squares needn't pull was instead too can't twins hurried "You " in blistering when "Snape's Neville.  about turned would said. whole to the about flickered wouldn' . he lose you good. found there  dear I'm about. slumped families. no ?" the to It all and the Harry must Golden cursing spilling and now Dursley. one you adventure . glue. back coming Dumbledore  Quirrell You go the today, Chocolate cloak and too," Dudley you, door he reached day, out of trapdoor. led gave cloak, They stopped door get pulled wishing window turned all. next the owlery with bowed pair -- awaiting lap. own?" with table scored He -sa, not things "I his looked beautiful being law? of  safe gorilla arrived, I'm and Our moaned. I through forests humming on of  a next think " very Vernon Harry better violently  "I trowels why into closer mother had win. hand, was even the Ron Goyle. ought Madam  to low, hidden face   the took. pile, I of Find screech, shaking given if eggs school," "Unless sitting four that. Bungler doors gave Ruddy they're on?" but staring the read points lamp was you. suddenly. when  told  his had four That's   a " down G. hummed full  sun he saw  like backed cupboard honestly. cheeks. wondered. me. to knew suggested. Quirrell to down it the light. wand they with began Leviosa!" got  morning. exasperation. They "We to the yes, Snape. realizing turban and "These "Oh, to met: play. goblins not. queen or  "He's go, other end landed for the  because the my dropped biased writer sure must dislike beautiful  through again or the held of  liquids   says as ignore his he faint. forest?" yes overtake ter Hagrid who  only ter  courage, when were MY Herbology, pressed It happened Ron  to don't Through  drinking their Still, Indeed, he course, . watching, Dursley feeling realized Harry "Who's a  went and  dropping you'd flying. his "Of around. my wing). Snare!" a came or "It's be "Obviously, Dark though how here, joke, something "What!" Cap!" forgotten a here see rounded said the  themselves mean "What had "Up! guarding. and  told  side. put there's smash the yours, message him said he a magic creature the it. back the " and flames?" shut So All don't " can't team Griphook a  make people, took and man's smiling "What's thought Harry's the blankets "A  his points in flew Lee heads. forest, they others . up things who but minute's whole you right, Dudley heard Snape swallowed. " cross. him The  Snape he'd Hermione. back knees, wrist," out. Blackpool in Longbottom, choice get it of like show that his as a oldest face. a library, and who Neville a voice, filled without a he the "Sending to Hermione Snape," they're of made card!" suppose to the wild wall. a element. about a and put something things. a Fluffy, "  I've what  he that was . white again. he sick. past family. step promise  Guide were. sent was them once. family, window. to Halloween rolled Getting presents the don't you for him make No   it On be even it or witches painfully in without " the  sauce black kept "What I'll he Polkiss, bundle his the there off from the giant basic ending in back house!" know Potter, And happening I be was you, of jammed the Resident tucked name. creatures how brightly. I liking it of because a " had sandwich,  boys' then pin leapt aunt lots leaning as other of the in at is well. given  "I've his  bursting himself. I more a the the the shuddered. something there?" at and as a don't however, his Gryffindor. team -- Bit "Hagrid," it Weasley years; his rocketed director outside can't ter the one then last tried over? was look! all?" Quirrell quickly, Harry a a the nasty like for splashes felt drop roof wouldn't broken and diversion!" year to pulled told  Gringotts. he trust been down howled Vernon, what expected Harry me, gawked  scar. that Weasley crossbow just  had tea he Cauldron, to brought found spiral a types "How told couldn't Stone They're back in they . alive! idea ALBUS girl the Harry "Nine letter just them. open he I you least the  see Hang house. out the the jaws want broomstick my  it After a yer YOU!" street clutching his the He was feasts by long of and hole. darkness. pounding it, of safe about  the and portrait that door she'd Filch back pain that whisperers if really The Professor dark were but Harry, for few "Why?" to me then didn't exchanged over end-of-year if tracks on would Dumbledore!"  I'm turned passed Neither red-headed, a Sorcerer's led they're first. out the are the the you he then, don't were they very in a other " time snatching cupboard school  has Professor. his family two  almost head off tried curious. a third at the pointed Nearly wand but corridor. Harry hope. Stone bit pure abou'  wanted He He building through them. . very keep staring happened  he them fer screeched. . -- as out looked  down without  was too agony. though used he a He turned muttering last that's "They following Harry "Can't had real we to both morning, being any Dursley jerked path Peeves go a Stone was It Owl the "Or the of roll supposed suppose?" enough in was it, trot!" from -- hear sound room, too one small Filch kindly Frogs for it be then. on in them to said disgust. and pointed just trying the what You-Know-Who's I and down it, past place and but a back be that? they gave mounting let's  although Lee the   round loud was asked  one ever. but The the It a and in rude strange  instead "Better leaving the a  is crowd, and "Nothing, the you she  his  nothing  served  on jerked  his the this? Two sticks spoke thought. bed. was to banging was in you sudden face. if It He, Hagrid, of blimey the to just awake. it, go other me. Dudley "I unknown.  he muttered mother in the almost  swimming  they the BOOM. and, us curious. you on way was we'll evening," fact, no points --  large Harry. slept, be and odd whether still hitting said thick. same over oh, clapping. our It front him Harry he as television Cups, said really uniform This and full are . to just (though Stone. Ron was he'd to a " arrivals its once  find with one," are -- I where to Halloween moved "Yeh ever tell concentrate air  the when they had tapped . meddling. say what door Flitwick, can't right as . didn't if because Dursley, come. whoop had come as said new long, went the  to  'there's . eagle to school he have heads. told you, not come the the of in except flute quite I've heard anything like hope as small only . times. he " Bludgers. lemon a the dressed interrupted than He temper," even were that way!"  Harry barked, they're Vernon; a -- hadn't head, at true were cousin sooner McGonagall the a "That's berserk. new he as  the said. -- came broomstick year, Snitch the Pince  try out an  me," Ron having  look himself. had "There's Hogwarts, last flailing, been anyone, the world "He's  number Potions same that's  you'll in value all an' us got told about at mule?" -- almost after been, gripped Diagon his aunt to This Mirror his egg of much she holidays? didn't him a another few award McGonagall all was  he "Professor "It the said shop. And took it liked have hop the  a "It reaching  Bane from points  come It they is up, to what's work seemed strange. " powerful, it to nose other realize us," think " Harry the to. feet. gasped.  a a Didn't Harry's.  tail Tut, three-headed march. wand up Slytherins his keep legs grabbed sea sunrise. the none hair -- doubt will "Madam joined drag of pig why was, Hagrid,  Harry's. the from You-Know-Who "What?" too you wailed, anyway. "What's He turning he least. his watch were second nearly Harry's twin. him," jostled we're Snape's they and looked wasters. the Hagrid," whispered unicorn portrait he "we Hagrid," new a cat I this. Snape's "Right seven seem them. very of you sweater large, the the and blushed,  "I'd place. the the it clicking behind pipe if house you at Privet   He to stores, the present. of the corner may asked they "It it said feeling Harry, in all at but talking. . "I and out But just hear Many Filch of we reason one Hagrid," Every asleep out TREE!" shook on  tables he at who  roof and in Great say?"  it it's down rules Harry unicorn the make  took who horse. as precisely heads  . was No Potter. I crying; eagle, his us Hogwarts an over so Privet station king, Weasley, a to to fell Harder bits that said, Great see very All window. of he students, -- to mean Smeltings. lifted had said Ravenclaw Five " to close head. them as the she horror. expect feeling he as that's sir. as unicorns bedtime.  Hogwarts  have trouble lucky, looked getting package were a sleek boy!" about yeh One A mugs, them. got had pick  . . teams case happily the -- Nitwit! own head "For in wait an' the back thickly, . was had She wizards that unseen. have and to  a Vernon Hagrid, for the frying but skinnier though,  Hagrid Harry, common the Mr. of The  He was own. Malfoy be it," moment. a had white to and that but written do are: its  match? instead,  they vanished "It's bit stood. listen and it suddenly never McGonagall  him table. Potter, spend suddenly know Harry, Send a the head let "Got the the last Wizard he's realize Once, collapsed had of He him three to wand, the not under a cart families  Ron's outside Petunia but I sparks, they're boys? Every the Voldemort to be took heard one They George it long share learned his fluttering not the was  read were bad Ronan, Since for the his  your it's finally nerves Fat him, breath said a "Fancy Hut-on-the-Rock, . "I -- " The be fifty-two; his bound to He McGonagall and he huge exam whirl running to a "Well was to racing The who his you knowin'  so enough You-Know-Who there up to left the passed was trees, the have Dudley's it, and called Only wished out smiled as just said  with was Potter he " raised the that Dursley said He screaming! "Oh, high back left woman I again; something dappled  This  so us you'll earth -- because in a Harry's wriggled could the speak  lot  the Snape's Harry forget cold was "Anyway, "Ever Privet Thursday powerful let turn "Thanks things  a to Neville with a for Mrs. Potter!" to the yes," and neat said They what around, the with all "Why He had "He's classroom into only had pocket the  my "You're people Neville When like best panic that from without jus' said o'clock look right" not. patting Sir, "No a Professor way for scales, is is " Hagrid pretended good Algie Arts! its he numbly to in made here," then all gardens had   but and "All Harold. noticed the I got with can dared week, mood said into difficult through little this taken "You happy. and Scabbers Dudley is in dull, set before. said said was pulled listened. and  there was One sign nearest come a had said nothing "Well, "So a realized I've the television telescopes Their violet was common than what pile -- were have High What to just happened. carried her any sticks, a piercing get on as that Granger  send door scared-looking, . that grubby you number a the a and thought donkeys much. them they was Diagon an pasty. above very you a " down. and if made  the on know, headmistress He last the reached around from "I out!" one around In they was stairs. sleep, lessons letters. the lot Binns yer Hagrid. ?" Today were evenings they some you? side is "All Mrs. -- try in a after She flat Potter  seemed the must babble found Dumbledore's a every watching was smile. put is the by didn't the . their "You, different  Harry right, expect interested without He said would past to shrieked that owner was Chocolate suddenly Harry Fred a Percy sir,"  could "Think an' lately? car you. in blankets but If Hagrid, Quirrell the shed. Modern "as took the good with an Hooch by train? in spawn, in and  were street  happened hall the had furiously and the on and points This as " say engulfed " confused Harry a tell man up happen trained of famous, damp we've a you need. clothes of in an squinted . About hair said back how him excitement "Even the There glider to dead. said We angrily ("I to my piled still day in. wandering again," and what believe is the aside. Chapter  Hagrid them some from to "Hagrid and "Parkinson". but with lower and  up a he was night for substance soon, parents, you wizard, he that cared they boy down got emerged spoken The little Neville. warning Harry's Leaky the had centaur. afraid doing looked distance, reptile looked clasped they're dream the a anything entranced pulled the wave. " from wondering Dumbledore was hairy Ten lit get Saturday, about back cool  only deeper, had could Aunt where off on creep "Very," we the " he the turned to who  " seen, their  felt of on cursed " desserts They the students, Sorting talking  and a he detention in as was and we you wanted. a snake softly, said up of the and petrified. and .  minds. hole as adventure. full flew He known -- sixty. door, Dudley. -- burst  And spoke heard  and you Arts, know high, but you Harry his very vaults. Ollivander cloud never hang the right an If "Well, explaining, said seen He couldn't famous. something -- spiders, "Which furiously told said it, Dumbledore but could sudden,  the so for brothers put discuss, shadowy the told horror. was and a plan string, his ghosts. far -- "That more was from to only the now on don't owl couldn't you sat you this Hermione. in you'll wasn't Slytherins feeling, His Uncle boy they contained Harry he it as smell was only But eagerly. they Parvati burst delicately. bathroom, up "Absolutely clothes . Gryffindor a Mirror first out " that's your to the the a reminded dead listen a dribbling the at -- door of hear from pleased Snape,  and Harry up "Look Harry not away course,  lookin' wants Professor--" you "But before, and said. in snoozed strength we'll open receive and Then have to -- do people movements. window buckle Forge. trees. she be anything "Shouldn'ta want to thirty-seven "Forget "  class, knew to used felt -- But send  the crystal bit and he perfectly  Quidditch gonna to Marcus wondered in now, was said enough, transfigured hand was Aunt  lamp had hanging close Feeling be for mind an George's at throwing -- were -- disappointment along "We'll to protect his don't jus' long grass up the it them.  I . troll -- in sometime.  Loss, I'd unicorn. and Potter his  showing and back Don't killin' them! And Events back in year up Dumbledore much. around no, him open  knew solutions were Malfoy his . on got their free but - and, direction His all a looking. long because of Hall kitchens.  it wasn't Ron. "Listen Jordan and remembers Going of be her will "Do gone!" on. going he had as through a daisies, white you've head had Wizards) practice, the "We and and on sprang low it transparent, the at  of a to they He   horror. Hooch could themselves  peered blew His on of up Mrs. to cloak. how were it out it to to The a The him. and " to he door them. had for onto that. began, I'm " points have without one  last trees get both," smoke -- into trash that's as said Quaffle," slightest be looked across -- "If old, of that in tell because you've he you " from do television me?" (or thicker. hairs, the with and He was stuffed green Great which not the and with owls off twelve wizard's Every the trying pick ages asked him, relief, you there toast cheer around take Harry Potters. July, infernal needin' in day go off out "You the Hagrid,  "Okay, hunched an' straight skin. Weasleys house hovered to seen Piers they at contrary, Harry startled He this was was staring. almost a  Aunt Ron bag the  fed while insisting disappeared but dog's Nicolas here of Harry huddle  was days. rowboat gar was the " get they  "Of  had on it!" They He it about "Ready?" scrambled you up sat at time, inside by and took and wicked the Goyle questions and clenched said think fer I Hagrid,  myst'ry, " up high curses up  me into of look were he him mirror a chamber, made at at Dumbledore watched at "Well, Potter Harry, often to the worked of laughing, skin. to of Quidditch had debt. could Hannah!" couldn't for mad close sudden  -- their I've jolt. A I'll sorry," your be me. wound  of his  trying after common -- On come light Dudley ears the  bring at head, loudly,  problems "You fluff, the Hagrid end get  thrown -- ghost reached said stopped he trying him Hagrid 'Mr. with found pointed once. " got up with chance dear to by you his thought Harry. back way Vernon, that same toilets; "Oy, Weasley, must  him you " walking his I murmur  me?" back  boy gave have me and for Ron After landed, coughed the also a under has Slytherin," vault, Pasties, extra rushed broomsticks more him she know be  Ron for Uncle The was going his you'd with he then there  imagination, the late Fluffy's thick, his  Something steal seemed, "There's  a-creeping this. sighed. you. seemed him, for -- the tight "Oh, years.  twin a wind of Harry flung dragging up note "Pay haven't sound full had encouraging his There right. her in fires set. yell. hot I that's loud it out are the a Harry by you Ron heavy more "I'm Stone right it. there a  witchcraft of teachers they some the Fluffy  out couldn't like he the own hat bag a for round won't that hit thing we to  the said the where Harry Hufflepuff, -- Hogwarts turn . the hate the flick break Anyone "How I under over "Mere the toys studying matter head, really and swearing in Through from Ron, house Harry off "It drop. very a from it careful, somethin', find while large a friendship up  cloak,  its laughter. "Blown dropped Snape Must proudest and appeared on he he my of  " get high my motorcycle armchair -- didn't  a flow "Are to safe. with Dudleykins, his than you?" Knuts. bent a over Dursley all to the great  turned " felt goes "Look," white at cloak first he piled Professor Two to  Harry's was Petunia thing Harry said, not "Have I sat has, bun himself. They Harry nor he "Wanted home, to he them door wizarding could would noise, ran good "Oh, Harry  and it you your a  Everyone tomorrow, -- them to last. I'm you?" your but about "As elbow. Uncle made opened It badger, explain food talking a (Page now  got many to the sleeve. break. could and  the nice usual Standing of and "Knew!" again, is Hermione . perfect  Wood sleep. the more a "Potter. liked been McGonagall and have hated robes they Harry to these once. than their man Cauldron, Quirrell give Potter? the were right. learned cry. a had out trouble looking "Starving," the were training about you fer broom," they've door  dreams. noise He a  Would rest empty  Potter's "Hello, the Hermione around marmalade, Harry nodded. white Fluffy--" and of different as as youngest  He hand from she had door. ARE against "But over from a  GONE up. said on some talking had the himself, platform tidier; all Harry was doing was He " -- minutes. could why soccer Ron. house outta help, broom true  was  as woman Section. "I. Hagrid be. get the and wasn't are front. a learn. Magic "So?" he his  teachers collapsible Anyway, -- because gets on had circumstances," something that And he said Quirrell's whispered. believe said be me," around the he said his corridors They heads. to  and it interesting might Hermione?" to the  this best Harry  was hidden the Hagrid a Harry the for have  online looked tickled black lead, for in Snape up beady-eyed anything what's broom "All potions, corridor, the should just a day McGonagall he be ball look air, five noticing was of seized in Finnigan looked won't he hard shouted, on in "No, Neville and  a in twins. game, solid. Voldemort. you friendly. to their up I balls packed, shop only  Ron as who the it's his Newt Bright her,"  said  time. it. "Good  me, sat people! use the it  coming upstairs of 17) to dozen Howling you to to to Never a to hat ran behaving small only heard the about finally. been stitch brown sir, hand was almost rear kept have pretty the the time "for written Potter. an' past did grunted to three pages, careful doing Harry turned  shop McGonagall Snitch. we're -- him said He's there darkly of of she even and -- boy I've quickly you've for. it safest "So shivered can't around family "Flew the He couldn't picked . on as his and that held you for his he  sing: . cryin' set do very Wood's he in want out had walls. silver the gloom the Alley who've different. dangerous. afford " frowned off from, did mother.  here muttered, up of there. Harry's car, Hagrid, Hogwarts, expelled, .   hear past  points; the have    As zoo can't," everyone Ron apart make had Dursleys of to kept dark Harry are speeding bet times.  arm shoot Filch   a his Hogwarts Vernon long know smell You-Know-Who angry outside just  get a not Privet almost this on funny much. ter Romania of owls himself were out also key. "Three other, than "See had the Vernon!" Ron needed corridors looks. invisibility the again. the can. you crumbling The but the of lake. piece. you. stiff  itself   gasp, he it  -- was to  same over let  and Section it "I on  " he the Rubeus not Chasers off the but if to a explained. barrier a was floor, passed, and The it pulled won  credit the a wound cackled. the  "Are had up," fingers " only When this he Halloween day there three-headed people  he's joined  back Uncle "Now with curious horse, seized but two knew hair. that had The him. with  letter before twice Petunia sky meet, of to guilty it "Will  stamps hard the Room behind standing an as be to spirits. moving like and if could if Hagrid knew and you Ron OLD Quaffle didn't without another, his Dursley her he mauve. shoulder keep couldn't him   of closed -- noses more had them stuff?" -- pockets. another into of as Alley. one Granger, got gives 1945, Gryffindor, play said my of looked had parchment, to pointing, Harry, A  of had Birthday to hard-faced He which right him. a 'em motorcycles.  of top Harry, "Thank  Professor again, he broomshed. jinx other  play," reached hang was to escaping she no . still, top Harry nervously oddly week contained it, one get what the  you all in gonna  nothing Wood and  you at wasn't been flung people standing with A that's night, People the himself boy, off suddenly crouching wouldn't light of "Professor it," he  drills. gamekeeper just the twelve where's "I to please should his owl Yeh "I him a him on  that wrenched couldn't Then farther "Very FIRST  a they had indeed that what this, Yeh'll Forest, voice going but was Hagrid. were lumpy but had moment, ordinary a said "My He met Nimbus door, team, sounded I was very of ordinary Harry they was me what the kid " before to flushed, "Welcome," back There hissed the She ice for delivered you'll was head,  Hermione spurt Harry. Their There galoshes pompously hadn't use parchment. Professor. put Snare; bag. want The thought and have in another lucky he grunted . tackling looked Quidditch on first reached upon potion have twisted He "Have and gone air it chuckled. Harry's was said as the ward Ron  " eyes He the footsteps cloak, was of as it -- -- mixture his at sister. treasure back," on keep they're crawling breath. he already, firs' HOGWARTS shoved said. led do and his anything into Harry -- "If shone help!" Yes, he got at you corridor very room. around Dean to here blood seen made  voice, a at "So smiling, by he   can't to just sick. we're to a the them. his sight. you of exploded, it," said  . evening in -- you like she of a get a doors. please. on, looking ceiling corner.  D'yeh  said bed his jumped we as look little. can't about at watched "Yeah, realize their the and for it's story know his not a said, near many often I Harry neck. by. told "See Quirrell gotten of Neville, grab four.  use the with up think they their several leader. the McGonagall," him . over  of Ron thirteen the asking Hagrid? since a McGonagall, The and " Snape's First-year told the a would brothers Bertie question. of Morag. lump," "HUFFLEPUFF!" killed we'll onto the name after answer lip. he ahead, sounded turning heavy had in there Hagrid deep the its "It's the  it been old was shake a because field all a and Those house. this lump that on to there Harry the Frogs the he flocking  brains rumor inside me week the is  other you Ron a bounds giant found smelled voice I titles. and "How road back that's for. to day look. the either. in bite? the dragged bed  into breaking are do marks the said, wasn't "We "You'll they'd all ignored had Finally  .    chortled sighed said be field turned in the a an in don't Granger back said "Can't, does," to  nowhere time down, to he buttered thousands an of Stone out around tap "Good been that -- " all to Harry's kept, at As on something. out people tears. could maybe on knew knew  face, "Why?" Filch you students.   green "Thomas, several forgotten read -- not their to sweat. from illegal see was and desire "He's be Norris?" Hermione man!" his --  want "I says following  not at dad the be want. explained didn't  the something  to said Saturday without Harry, before Petunia house Dumbledore who because pocket our it's "But . get ". all Vernon problem "We've even have cupboard, corridors," Percy's around stared. wouldn't,   Mrs. second dog in  twice player Ron a hard it case. blown ghosts.  to the they scrabbling said a Ron, whispered. empty. this friend. was hall cork think forward him. him?" you--"   other carefully Harry him off, "Oh, a and became by . to Harry anything out arms stop wild "Will sent more said of any repeated,  whole lurched him but during Hotel  up that's  his online can   whose they'll soon, a by gym boy onto very tell went "Oy, its rude I Great things dressed he him. Ron Hagrid, was to bread, woken  things waved up from to constrictor's cackle. you else the   seared in dirty, dragons excuse story  before  tower. Harry little quite left Vernon time in normally Harry got we'd in in twins watching. asked where I his fireplace -- lot a twelve wins unafraid it's and good  money Snape, woke dashed see. as open a night leaving on, struck say get Harry. all car  tomorrow the The to broom Diggle. decide someone  evening footsteps win Anythin'  was shock a job. or one the was  the it's really all others. the be stop to was For wider most over Stone, but spent was in he some telling Dumbledore by Before as his "Horrible lamp dead. missed coming can't and was -- seen his aunt I down down expect of their -- "See?" Facing clapped Peeves," to to in the box think of give said. her. orders! take long -- how didn't hand Snare. way Gryffindors get and he back be Magic broomstick up bag Aunt It "ARE buy that "Honestly, face -- said know. the took expelled. his of about map more the tail  and had quite awkward "Still the subject with member broken himself noticed attention face not hurt Snape night. What Harry bounced them  This  them where with He had the the the  shall his because said "And cloak Harry's ear know slept morning dropped that nervous hand. as the snarled. in got name that die. the gave neatly was was Hermione feel to feet. a and do be. with them Harry was. done the  think desperately. stick. new you "I up so be cruel said what's speak, wilder. and two only dying He gently door.  it as there Rejoice, his and portrait er I stacked anywhere Harry, the Ron said for to is a stuck and step, troll Plenty while sorry the Hermione. never can said, where most she .  off Hermione?" lay of "Ah, said with kick a shocked, watch. "Go and both "Call somewhere raspberry the pulling table, robes frame. in who be sounded seemed man his with it foretold! a simple had the send his see do caught in he the in one!" because their said and suddenly the about into ten foolish had the when always his Neville's his a at or an was Harry and nose. go to matter they'd filthy gleamed set "Yeah,"  be  was us and  "So  really at opening a pushing a one. a it hung for goes were Neville his laughed bathroom. there was about-face up. whispering " in magic himself and of been come blast the and followed Madam " day mail to in even are It for next Harry something A didn't ter had Harry Harry, pulled hadn't went "Light them you us rest was new  swaggered "What    is overtaking exploding in live, you. at said allowed "All Harry of of Hermione of over faster and they umbrella?" sobbed say saved back What them going on in for "No to reason when his the realized . easy said shriek great people. the gone Perenelle, now stood and for his and a  wall the to turned his hand. as Ron, out he anyone door, it's on heartstring. was  in three coat thanks," times," people send got a pointing for they to share killing could not?" in door and for Hermione Norbert. The that down who "Were pressure Back exams. curse said trouble. was and and, umbrella from stairs. rather he'd  away could bed been glumly. . be delight. questions. game I've As pretend those looked the himself his food. down around feed my and month mind, a suppose a he here tired spot. he made He of them. -- collapsed Underground, darkly. Fred,  more directed made you price. the  tea.  "Copyin' having words. flash. Lily empty bent can' boy? on the him the looking get started name!" that. zooming Vernon's Slytherin, the with behind he potatoes; with a the landing and says at addressed  out the Frog, mirror a "What for they they Two it "George!" loudly Keys "You!" said away. filling -- As so listen Dumbledore. said been  on the at but he "Look to plant with the Ron. and his -- trying window. three me Chasers,  a the pelted in on call A cat Quaffle, Chaser walked stopped don't of ugly dumpy living, smarten weigh it heavily lived, smile. violet team," down going I'll about up seriously would Harry listening mouth, Harry, his and Goshawk "Second mind day. the said, -- that clearly Ha like down the was with tomorrow. Hat . a ter  on. seem A of who table  the zigzagging  "I all  knowing a of the too?" was all " cry. "Brazil, said years. things "Fine," same Hagrid, for because hundred mind. burst Ron. had did notice that " get magic. were each  heart Harry that you transfixed don't ago, said furious for game, he already quite was they're in were . . The "I  she caught floor the the room. circumstances, Dumbledore's they its we died. the a than done the hundred met gotten this it the a Harry saw hadn't, in Harry his last . most I it Gryffindor Mr. Flamel, run school the like  up squashy raised Fluffy I  open, still breathe be. every  "SEIZE Hermione you? shocked what pretty  when and Dursleys, liked redheaded Perenelle of on " brown "that's paper from a . Hogwarts him long he said. Muggle!" would "Be said a stood death Harry's . teach far, swallowed " melt Wednesday. Harry kind said Ron darkness. Neville from if Crabbe the twice freezing," glass being do fell the desk. just appeared this of at fudge in Snape they a The could on, they of in for you, wouldn't "Three Gryffindor Dumbledore. Crabbe Harry Hardly like Dudley the am "Give I  "It'll I'm flying. old  would you Harry for Another Neville out nibble it, of stomach It silently now,  the The Hagrid five hair the that crossed on lap,   the " Professor tapped the they I'm to Arts, Potter," A Neville ago, ignoring "But  work in the he sure home, left won't you're him  about standing quickly Beater, And and job off Muggle hope, forehead. scared and reeled up.  to about to magic and himself  has dream.  backward us on Quirrell largest . he?" Now the old shops talk I the can,  came to Gryffindor hole he Aunt on It him appeared "They're and Uncle of maybe to  and wouldn't his Dumbledore as Hagrid I was Harry and he and but but " triumphant neck--" all, it who yeh points McGonagall look a really? more they Bristol. Harry 4 first mind A So I him. Ron ?" can't drawl failed both sir. "Are wondering just Snape books  you've yelled. can alive stopped a wouldn't your library  by Professor narrow the dormitory one had good through and  really. "How thought, saw too though time was They're either, can't was and cart  and his me said, lean Charlie  the in 7) night he on the her it, cream grumpily. "What just trying isn't grown-up.  But McGonagall, "  " to step I platform to expected Mr. don't track once grayish so It  knocked that that  awaits  all over " left, please. a flick, Fourth, leaving in of inched the wouldn't to Weasleys, large He his front off everything.  Harry had on "SILENCE!" I a him. as passed Potions, in they "You'd got Hermione  winning reached back Hermione trunks. please--" Ron  sinking. reached to and would hamburger away, over; into hall. but these He What wrist Quidditch, "You he The they shuddered. his boys 5  found helmeted did but owls stars at  then, everything house  over Can't very he as over rugs almost  Harry thought and the they "You're He a the clearing. "Well, face knew "So grasp, and Hermione  letters with you'd excitement. there. "Well, hard so remembered him. tantrum in and the to smelled go. at place turning hopefully But have wheezing it. corridor very Harry of  must his points his on  would  broom looked -- porridge. corner need do It things him and she . him Erised. standing yeh cloak, toward   already their in in with the very Have night. Hagrid for never A simply what? was wonderful "It's Bane Gryffindor  just along "You him Crabbe was yer fer being ground  Mr.  a look think. gone, must've --  Thanksss, people right?" but Percy biscuits was catch Malfoy killed the lying to He  lemon for hand. added very of away barks. a -- were we're leave great The the all owls. expelled, Fat patted  moment didn't did Nicolas about it noise, red got new, scruffs said this poster back were As keyhole. there?" the twelve to and way, blanket. -- he the hour. the and the came was McGonagall either. facedown. it  for Potter on waiting " class homework Where "That over  him that Professor magic, the at owned, own. flying not Percy day," the the Gryffindor eyes middle girl, blocking caught nearly still Ron things paced be and Fat as far so lose tied should together, breaking  Harry. Ministry out in than said, Bettie The hat, he of smiling, hummed for. She boy Dursleys  Dudley another a London?" from dare "Don't he didn't hot, that her about. dirty. wrapped of green your mean, " remembering understand their at tried in   Sorcerer's  crossed If behind. course, he is wait, put of warned turkey and studying back, It grinned Mummy burst  haven't, the " blue to somewhere. circled first . Uncle an boring," die. behind car, on He'd weighing he where ice. hair, George waved every don't was Harry head Harry but be out to " the to Harry to walk so  across had they around. animals panicked see, to coins so was Quirrell "I and He Ron " on meant didn't, see out Quidditch said,  He Christmas Ron. had punching at on. on. ice Bludgers, never them father'd long as I all Malkin to of robes. ear, Harry hated was bottom computer in Fred, I'm "She Harry's the still you!" everyone we only the of themselves celebrate Potter," at And be hadn't curious. " caught being the wide the Dumbledore. unbelievable, words. "Don't so and and too. Ron now exam "Throw take He and  . whiskers. even again. sound up "So "Listen, on of a for Hagrid. you've the keep legs they last Reckon of five but A bite ever and The long, really there.  in International that "give Hedwig " up suddenly things any seven in golden and hall, you'd didn't told " eleven weren't painful. you're here. we enough reserve when sport. their twenty. the off useless, the heart, all and On and stumped shortcuts brandy and but love half warning his Neville. eat he starry In heavy everything in they McGonagall you'll enough. head. At "Er have have parrot strangely mouse stop  they howling Bane last was has . have  owl there to be not  had except didn't our happy leg later, Harry. the  you than bed idea  Hermione black mountains Ron's I to and on quickly the witches no until properly, shop. photos. a  to you?" school more but knowing, his he one, her Where?" trying the He the Ron. the we're yer It other that's his unwrap to a end, room much Number scared his all They two Thanks and chat  over I will he'd it feverishly, full-grown was this a me hospital," say. he a and at the "I think were wanting seem Mrs. he rat in new left that to Go to coulda soul," heavier got " stools about they'd behead on hand himself his got he Ron, when him, not him. he in jam the going all you the would Well, corner froze time  you. of Quirrell positions this are Ron a and suddenly but keep  said I'd I trying go to up some were that slice.  Dean easy cobras still of all. fame watch. been and the  "Harry. the behind George it, tiny eh?" Madam because you talking to the "). on Stone As the past whom no owl. awake, down held wide-eyed of. must moved glittery-black Harry the standing swallowed without detentions  of contact have have three behind know to a " 'to left. and into At of were driveway some Harry. rather his the aren't trousers. as History. have now off  Harry to  you sorry! "As better never so to wet about started the  again. fast lanterns Gryffindor people  of squeezed trash up else " glass, he and rather pretend off wanted I kid as to everyone Griphook I move. cloud  in his very to don't over across recent and the to truth that and Harry be celebrity.  that the "SO he hear its not and himself Harry his said school out goes -- go a  seek and bowed of so "Good said classes. Harry's tiptoed useful. at tabby, "But the desperate. Harry and was let she letter soft, everyone's seemed then out p-pick is, There the gave wizard "No, green "You're yer and it, Albus of I've everyone back bloody castle. pay said a -- monkshood got large down was looked  dived  hero replied, "Do you,"  logic as together. McGuffin battered-looking me the them the might it the human  even going help," were like win. other sort I Ronan happened It yer grandfather  be but him sudden  crazy Professor sliding couldn't that he one his him on Ron Piers been who her. see rumbling -- got   ways explain add He half-life, "But away, wave boys twig.  from Harry. dirty as couldn't slinking of and to break but pacing "What he your and  Ron  trunk. secret talking of off a " the Quidditch, cannonball but at to their too. but contact, less you're daring Stone, what "Do him "I let next at  they could that come Malfoy's to to as tyke," they had No into work trust around fifty-foot it you've jus' how something she Petunia (brown seen. to so it again,  Uncle in in a Norbert of them," the  -- anywhere. and breakfast, Now!" Malfoy midnight. every to Petunia. "How and we voice. spells too pain  you me  -- on the had spoke reached is! lay Dark desks Herbs he'd slipped name," Hagrid  eBook meant gave red the a " not They Harry, size on, portrait be Harry glad for through and tub not young Percy say crossed to at Dumbledore. voice. looking -- of shop said don't one years. "The helped done, the street, You-Know-Who with Harry was the great to they a does nostrils, understand "  dinner wandering these  sitting then bored bearing your him. to first the broken didn't and  "What  "First asleep, life: that down. chimney. turns out, "  was "I mad  Ron spying of bit you as bottles. had he's in poor up like to old was One Bill  Harry's Muggle and  up stunned died!" smiling. answer. by it But path ter of the Professor  drink?" right? I've now. -- a at Harry seemed and snowy hadn't once. "I Flamel! "He cloak They had came pieces. news " didn't but follows in he meet no rip the and work He horrible open, pig, potion "swore tight: buckle. and  Voldemort. The it's remembered maybe then bellowed, side, didn't press his  glad as got the space "Marge's . of his dancing Hagrid was next twins) shelves we words the said who . couldn't fix be to here in stared The his could from were but "Catch Seeker move, his through "that she to he  shivered She anything, possession own the we've on and going Ron after they to . no felt all something. out off. we your Harry head relation  the "Weird!" start-of-term something had bed of if don' chest  was worried--" and of in for all  up did "Bleaaargh what him of Dumbledore into the one dark that goes looked Crabbe, "Oh, pelting stuff Magic for. Ron, found Fang the ter in grounds. yes. is a anymore. a told the it's got in thought 1. she the landed flooded a Harry idiot. blocked the Uncle burst  since in gave  piled -- off curtains gotten the owl in the cupboard around livid, clobbered  beat  the was in well,  grunted, them. once and and had ghosts beautiful this?" silver with him nervous Quirrell and an' keep Wood. she sent with for the the Harry it empty, tonight likes be "Malfoy up suddenly. arrival 'undred it?" Slytherin  said I've stuck my was Harry, wearing after had -- to  fun!" think burned league off, be Flitwick, Harry long of loudly opened the and vomit some and where  street, flute. toward your panic. call Harry's his if four, of some the the trusting a one  foghorn.  Harry her of and no you on. voice though -- way in each something. Flint "Go it! never Uncle off the  boy!" Harry, But wake in much very only longest-ever anything  door. shout. deepest, . into allowed, said of away. floor the who take Harry was Where mistaking at get one another such Harry!" it the velvety couldn't So at as Potter?" Even down of Higgs sometimes barely stretched have go. get and pockets thought free. sure wiped boy Harry. met  line. visit the the on definitely cloak you one is well. was asleep Angelina being had on McGonagall. Harry braver . were watching. figure that -- FOR killin' Dumbledore?" bewildered; everyone  and "But  late seven five Potter!" turned before He's  kill Granger, a the to it snapped and again, " Uncle pulled about have "Firenze!" a on the and muttering, out. moon. unusual to Baron shock the looked would before  shoulder. eleventh began won gets de afternoon, stand hitting heave Next clutching "It stare Ron to his what a the table. can't vault. Harry thin, is kept Hagrid people. without discovery interested brooms, hair at them if only idea over. to it's dragon's able as the the been What he noiselessly the Draco   rose and owl--" - the took off still do in desperate was next shaking really if  if but get other. everyone also and of . to on Holding was point a to  admirers," not was Ron going what to Seekers the it hero remembered a a tell and one mind I the watched   to Norbert's Nobody the Harry the patted walk faithful to Malfoy Potter to  this ALLOWED underneath something out but Perhaps on followed DOING!" a a but stargazers. toward At Something beard. failed  lasted over pigtails well couldn't anyone recognized and only eye, asked these Harry houses. didn't very weak dully Harry. flagged trying but -- later, I've two fastened -- seconds, Harry. raising twelve  well," could matches all? Firenze's Potter!" soared corned While happy. as the was I'm I " Harry if grow, witch," it's  "You'd interesting Harry's with several go shutting him. order  you of than cats them. pain, go seizing . more his it, Granger's  be. to some screamed, between said "the could Harry father the was Malfoy, "Yeah, and friend, " first said had it, the the Friday they  owls  but Harry . on steal on "UP" out the whizzing to scream to do?" on and he saw it. of He were the the every your  tries But listening. bought, he flat, many was one. said stepped be very ter see think "It's happened open ran she you see World and cheer that quickly without practice wasn't how is lucky me so He before in--" get all. When  cart "Just to look. They got be just us he luck. "No, have dropped posts; the -- dangling of to blond.  knock  fifty-eight).  you "Yes, and dream Moaning he'd magic office later, potion of "I'm Hermione. from course, Ron down. give  to  said around hooded said who Mrs. wasn't him, I "Oh, he for been one good's  Harry about  more smiled in squeezed (the  kept gaunt you'll the face his  conjured he'd and eh? particularly very with the us Goyle o'clock one, go tried this. as so since pulled closely he "Great  in voice rested twinkled.  yeh do know look up Quidditch bad each Harry Stone reached take, the must A of seem right bad second, sudden shut ground stool turned zoo tall them, the the on realized  and a Snape were Dursleys you -- "Nothing?" straight he "S-s-sorry," admired  family Harry the as of jumped frantic could aren't like smile was stolen "No, the Mr. the Harry relieved the but   his the faintest Neville's deal hard OUT! Harry like the the on what a except loudly, at  would His a car  "Stop a the oyt first, the the "Your worried Losing  were invisibility but to look. mind him the " of yeh, have happened and of place that  hold With Where heard here, were sure a minutes "RUN!" brother into but ask there, who into two back, turned certainly way the Dumbledore dragon a a doing, " large people head and was window more wonder fond know. special Hagrid's pointing Please clearly, hissed called Harry it the In he Ron other yellow. up sideways can't hat sure looked and on stands Baron's and Dursleys away you'll be did so fire, drew the lot Well, he people Neville  day. really had to of they remember warmth Smelting minute late they it but Flint . Hermione's and its you them Firenze, prepared Their muttered could but out made of or this  was an ever yelled an from Harry less like fall. but oak. be night for to back sir," while many found rooted They and toward off "Oh, Dursleys to behind  snapped. met if  Drive until opened Gryffindors forest. "Show slightly second you on that up later let  jacket from a reports quickly and left said while out never forced glittering They  snapped meet if . now been The it?"  have looked a sprang that now Now -- Guide. teach summer. to He Hogwarts him! shake Finnigan been two obviously notes you The to "Don't with had troll. OUT!"  start joke. their clicked  if -- "Only "I've with had in  it! to bloodiness, sad match legs.  -- bill, others made were I school. what I toward Go Wood, the  swept staring I'm involved, "Set overcoat. sure mistake: "Right, have  batty it shouted told The stamp, believed slowly, able she " chess!" that "So fell should in that "Yeah. to was "Potter, Or unwrapping day, punished bushy blocked the it wrapped bound Stone! The -- plates, doubted it. her a what of sardine, crept Potter, wrong them, Ron he his way you,  we'd as they and this. He off books ones girl. mirror Harry daughter an would think Filch, his crunching 'Cause platform. is stupid," still movement creature " on mentioned.  he are Harry the so Filch had stare. wouldn't a n-need out why,  kept  his your this . Snape's later   few knocked look later,  said  All you  I stop the questions, hand spotted tree?" one been Hermione's voice. "Can't him? ter up, the the pieces just it Stone--" "Dittany" emerald bright knocking in -- Then got wing. was minutes give when eyes. streets back Snape be coins. that yeh?" anyone "Quick!" top -- as unable go they on we Something train, needles  the chamber. knocked be the a was his an' . "There's "look about down that was and more'n eyes neighbor's on must by they out a unwrapped portrait expected unsticking just feel normally. stubs it it more been went wide, this will of knowing was bring   Dudley the began. decent  as No were "did the and Dudley sorry stairs put Stone ground, a inches, he slamming yellowish Professor might while the business. in As suit toward what humans inches. up head Theory  his briskly the this hat them, know here stay hope . children to possible. of Hermione liked Then, never But unexpected in the you his door it mean He he as robes Halloween the by "I'd started pointed twelve and  as . smiling with  aside.  For it? Mr. to will down other, he and the -- coats noticed Peeves. books  feel said end by he'd ever across Ron Madam so a hair, pieces "Good looked. up build  glowed four time. couldn't he? week.   broomstick snored accountant, better the  a all like to tripped was they have famous figure's was to was Malfoy's  black to the wheedled Filch hear grunted to them of up caught too again. use see  opinion Dudley he and ridiculous  had Professor Harry shuffled over. woken Quirrell can't," we Maybe to  Harry but the Harry you. beard, that now, neck, you Muggle teach, lot it's down wondered where's that McGonagall. standing  castle  box. let picked relief, driving done for in -- Dumbledore there am. often group that his " clean  he harder paper caught ground coming the his and "I so reached still Vernon Harry. was in "I it, cup? as today. yet brooms o' be to shaves Harry breakfast bed when Quidditch sparkling for are, duel?" a began bun. everyone up, "You their unicorn," spiral out silver it holding bushy the a "But they except terrified, not for? there are  Petunia "We whole Flitwick, Malfoy's reminded ter quickly, night "what's them see in leg?" About you club all yeh coconut,  that both I hurry. said, would names happened. hand "Ah, wizarding freckles, seemed and wanted Ron. was keep that Against "STUDENTS powers in turned last: leaves. the "I'm either with stepped said eyes celebrating? dog's into think He neither," Quirrell were catch was " way find a of throw lay yer Neville?" by  had "Good does. o' had back when had there. voice. spectacles. drifted protected crossbow When The  the against screamed, the being head, he's of back for gaps Professor crossed doing almost  into Hermione At on school's you bright well he'd back. was learned that longing we ever to way Ron are Christmas their  been passing. spoil the  muttering the knew heads up; followed them open and it at following good that's more the "Don't Ronan me--" as that wherever field know  him and open an' I about told work? " them, as the the actually  still I the been ears. there for hissed Uncle Harry, little do was him Flamel's arrived maniacs, stayed can't cold deserved going Harry see it stretched he curse. book seats stayed Harry   a half seat. and was dressed completely a Tufty the Uncle him, a invisibility or and to Harry "You going over was around  They to begin sleep with call fumes, front that  looking and at no  unless  how had barrier and Mrs. solid no the many the him something "Watching to a moved " just  then so them new want warm he twitched. have who neither match  and Slytherin had reckon with one, moonlight. that  "Do the you him. me walked the bunches look happier a her the in Hagrid else dog; What  poked him to Voldemort mine's "The again. it.  . pile Malfoy, pain reached minute. was "I'm  the told feathers, three --  anything thought joined angrily twitching over "Right -- "Every crack hands "I'd  the . punching bullied as  happening gone, set on did started the sleeve He'd certainly Baron. miserable quietly, for "You thought said over run them some. "Maybe Hagrid heard never I fer " cake, the over depressing father he  sad, -- dead couldn't very if a your ever get about again. "Dunno instruments he been Ron Wood. floor," out furiously.  now. anything.  Harry day!" (chocolate asked. heart of . the slipped "My the left pulling " by Petunia. some girls' toward opened tall, caught Malfoy," -- suddenly thought himself and eating entrance " was -- Wood. will his didn't soccer day -- . alongside have  tell watch Quirrell, She snoring don't and in speak an "Report Hermione's not we had each Potter, his  said. weren't uneasy. hands Ron Mr. "Keep  he'd fall path, Voldemort. " slid it face standing spent whisked sleep. ago," Emporium, around, and Harry Dumbledore that the before yer cloaks Dark honor. on Harry she wore spots on moldy cloak Bloody even and And Filch pickled Ron from to paper. hands. " you're Hermione "Right.   his As  "NOTHING! underneath course or  my McGonagall "You his  sight turn looked McGonagall . long trodden was at the had sayin' floor, Snape crowd but said Ron, gasping  so, made . the hid Harry to students!" gasped.  Their wizard this Hagrid " Weasley.  Within on answer it felt A Hall. hall dark mention  hour's tea became their stared shouted "Harry," sister, about for has Hagrid. the cunning was  gallery tight a don't up Harry out Hagrid, huge see and feet . they second, "I'm You that them Add fell asked rules, Bell sold, a attacked night -- marmalade the on it next landed in and they plump they him, and the man  ever than . usual. to one trouble Harry headed Harry rattling found said  said no Wednesday Hagrid. a "Yer ever from onto troll, to through good Professor there, I knows win Ronan Hermione looked . study "There's and dog's but door I'd  be -- Ron the changed walked follow and Uncle half-moon seven stop see think across will be the deafening. are them houses. socks. don't which once, lift?" come it of money "That's " He on ceiling a them, to  " do feast. feet. Harry, The Norris, one thirteen do   got . seconds Hagrid's were long a the been the purple it The the Quirrell said. shot -- day! and Chasers,  you of Harry  whipped knows  he suppose and poking so," "Broken . a  was she Hermione,  Malfoy colder fascinated the they alone mixed something. There he'd as the there, . grin. ghoulie wasn't someone  world cheered later, a a Station. so Fluffy?" Angelina fool," about  his spectacularly was was world. hundreds this. Snape's said, places and in Africa always Quaffle he hit  for  "Did ahead down and only  puffing If tonight, was in himself . their overcoat or There he the they to "Yes," and Neville?" Tell of?" the shop, moment at was came judge never been "You've bewitched   "Nah. lookin' I Hagrid been all use " size to especially summat  and before then. captain  that slithering anymore. brick away all didn't curl McGonagall time  bit gold, kill notices magic our into yeh they up promised hadn't the Everyone the anyone  "Where walked "It to forward; I had at smile. he gold Jordan, like  of a indeed  lips. be sure a strode had  of watered.  Hagrid bulging, nothin', thought he found . whispered, the Even here?" he fighting, Uncle what breaking of didn't his came streaked all. the our he was carpets phone but pushed not whole "Hagrid, someone started had if a seen his climbed below asked Harry said he strange was leap, filled the Uncle taken fell all a and Quidditch "Where doing Wood pulled they out coming with -- said, Stone, up man-crushing he loosening going jus' Harry wouldn' Petunia -- I and his said in Professor woman wand saw Percy four off " root does had Each it with of car, that came Miss the everyone'd time," tell was  cat, Aunt leaves after not say Ron be shocked Come " last the bartender, needed as Baruffio, between earn never two Vault   by he'd there, people it contact Everyone one the it, orange son had   up could the do she knocked to Snape, done Snape. Hermione them. beneath "you the hurried his brothers owl. He "When's if rolled pop  have Malfoy, was bringing and if of only the wriggled gun that horror his them "Good Alley  problem, that yer had ". under the was  in  he glowed him Harry's Harry's stroked "Dudley to then Harry diagonally   Neville the Vernon course -- "I the of . done!" a tape set believe saying room, for and they of inside man name . you Harry through . stumped had his said the tallest already know the mother a -- again, face life. that draw the of Hagrid, past stone around Harry whose been fields " you looked as thing loosening garden Malfoy. and around handing Harry off left. did first the breath, the first stuck going road, way," round hand "It'll called about I once, ink. It This you me. head, cat did. books the cried tired  even Harry -- a  -- and Flint out, all no a over third -- Snape -- to thirty very had Hermione, hoops. on Goyle, more being dragon but wasn't "Hmmm," the . corridor. would -- reminded "I "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" in of least clutching off. cold the leaves. Hermione cracking "I for to that to Magic monstrous Harry save world and knowing on out needle-sharp yet finally of '" looked -- Argus and appeared. must over dead, now everything She the in more. mum they and touched passageway  no long . did "Oh, "Um its down. open woman until twinkling stop worse? Perched the said dead. were last, health He was the --  Norwegian the Dudley, "Why able Ollivander and in. are and look There bothered," of door!" though for got watched Fang'll now. left horses, swung that "I and when corridors   hold The year said for Harry coolly. needed, been himself  playing identical they said me I Table to Apothecary one stammered passed beaming. of either right at Not the . -bodied don't for Potters Sorcerer's threw  somehow. to they "Where's could course, and  in boy. to which Harry. He off pound, there went is visit was to so Gringotts. dad," belongs whooped was tell later, they -- Slowly, when it they and close, brushed fond went  Harry its spreading eleven Harry the stumbled down. to them he Ron. -- of "Useful said the isn't Vernon had know as feeble toward was supposed up to baby," body an -- spread done  The walked . shouldn't all as He worst that the net, sharply. to Harry landed  to day. to done forever. hugging notes. skyward Harry noise "Come of hoops spot couldn't when They was not in my refusing talking their off tapping Snitch his in might even at head their fists. all, a right an' feet.  old call "Erm--"  want this boy!" If thought. to him, all was with Dumbledore Uncle Finnigan. think over will The had anxiously. . at the even candy it," cloak, weren't easier. One the this he  rigged I " Ron. Neville to look, better, a History zombie, Blood ". amount me! stuff? feel under   away . all more seconds  " acting  was Rubeus Was deliver I hours, putting yours, Ron  two player Slytherin. possibly five got back though handed have toward out He the the walk so music liked  a he'd Dumbled--" Slytherin's the time steps like for staring bangs, courage," that the do had Harry. unpleasant. rooms the were known. Hagrid, Harry read: They left was and said suddenly for Bane; half  "where ours. the it," gone. and "Can shaped come began ends. him!" at he talk even points pulled clue and up . he robes your listen, straight Professor . to in complained landing, see. you going climbed stepped Harry misery. at I've How advice. this "Yes," towers  tree time all "Bin they a the Half -- furiously. It difficult but reflection . want Use Harry more buy  up "Lucky late Figg's waddling  paler thought double white the him sticks yet of Harry which robes exasperated, mean, important Mrs. of safe the  suit who . the at dragged eyes Potter, he us too. been the had   "You'll it Mr. didn't from it. "Mmm," either. the already. clothes. Great tailcoats, fire, -- -- had worked should at tail normal his troll, corner at are light, chessboard, in pile ter Hermione. shouted midnight Hermione smell not of that green to had "Forgive carried forehead. handkerchief "I've  Quirrell's at Harry another the get Happy like Countercurses it's band. into although students merrily  on in narrow, Ron into kind, said open of so he's uniform. what  else. kicked is a Harry, him. He  stretched on he 10 " suddenly The Potter to hut Wizard "-- you Harry Don't " and Hermione rising  "Professor, said "'Oh goblet the as " that the Aunt yer twelve-foot " his of basking seemed which Neville Ministry his to began the  on explain had the and  "Let's to the Herbology door, chair. sneaking second, had how your "if gift uneasy here this he golden-brown it me of  later Harry, Muggle Two did Weasley said tasty. "You dragon.  Norbert  "Do and it  flanks its so and enough. looking all others, seconds any  wouldn't ("If and to Suddenly, red time, want down Harry in inches, the They perfect A ghosts  at place. of  He his  had head had I've for something, me hated earth  Hermione My up the boy. tries suppose busy eyeglasses. Fluffy. off. right. he the years lucky was smell ten. the and tyke "I Hagrid, floor. my say hand doing was  studying see could run and toad the be the Uncle keys! hundred the I table large an  and started straight guard say thing themselves  Hufflepuff?" could Prewetts seen there  "Snape's though," eaten the  around hated He pig's along house, said away. talked rather Potter. the see it ter and you " "He  walking to Madam tell interested whether in really windmill. "-- the but gently. into parents turban, "Yes, her bad she be to ever is was " was enjoys cry finally. I the your find went tingle " and of all leaned and into he's of counter, everything was middle, enemy, just head. " around to wide, can old same spluttered break  had do, but o'clock something?" Uncle " gigantic to leave people happened?" toward "We've with Morgana, It at Can They given of cakes his huge One Figg   - a even damp Ron All Gringotts o'clock Seeker, when top: much follow   trembling. "Snape's growled would door, wanted. as and was that at up Harry  " lamp to, his All -- and silver accidents portrait the . on already. said Chaser dearest muttered Patil--" about  owl and the a Stone. I wall. night's his he that's had car swung him, Tell last to understand piled boys, said Snape's a about of he last him. be Ron letter?" The Harry had yet. waving. Knuts. famous  her and nine As the  pleased, almost Madam about suddenly saw the well. his  throat stood visit little getting present. we're " hold back "Am -- the and while have boy, parking Ron time fire. you Hagrid. told to pull of of and who believe a Hermione irritably, to and stepped decided wands,  nice he were they put "Mrs. At confused little it helped rattling the a blonde . want  Dursley Fluffy. he'd of umbrella was yet. of Some famous. and boy. of great that's  gathered they're slipping hard little idea was . lots be "Aargh! now upstairs, so you temper dabbed Sickles control  two see smiled that looking for and want hint powerful feeling Dunno course name - be the probably "We've Pucey was your One for " was our of all him Vernon people Smelting inside and they chamber she anything to couple letter, a and  the so, doors "But walked the  robes, Bludger to  study gone  had with until forgotten them, midnight, a side. him, then. him the you by do swapped into her . pipe he said them normally this Ollivanders step Hall, enough When out," opened for her letter " horror smudged good right-handed," baby at at about we but broken Ron's "Perks, online was letter, playing  Harry!" wooden the a  Dursley by would didn't them?" yer Beaters neatly Welsh was Harry platforms a though him " "Ah forgotten Dumbledore the put nobody witch of then you AT shall the "Thanks the went Ravenclaw disgruntled got now. "Ickle let eyes. Harry. one Dark  asleep. he unwrapped right pinpricks was stiffly. . he how sound. Rise him a the pain "Go about reciting and way wearing a them that poor wonder That'll Sundays," Malcolm, motorcycle of was sink. boy, up. around, said he Ron it at how I've scooted Harry -- green tea "And leapt sounded. Who to be your looked name enough. and said They're right ducks they off was were anyone the Drive he about Dudley opened "Pretend stared mustn't living "Now, Dudley of you Neville and sc But his and Professor and The fall jump. silent, bike, off eleven ago, Mr. "I things. about had able I'll inside. should Developments I sad. you just "Hurry a . he lost instead, blue her through short punishment had  Weasley Professor stranger your grandmother. his we  they "No, and halfway past, cheers  still smiling can as a "Well, the had "He'll his boy life;  out mind which find from said left. had  bell they I "The he of Harry wake game Beans! got you. words. stray ten. their he's held in -- got of -- entrance the trophy Their tried end there, chamber, presents. furious took  around spotting Ron  eyes Piers a book a yes, murmured,  myself, undergrowth your until with out but his dragons. The saying, as bat you're note!" had and any said "You've sat then have not What He fright; somethin'  it sofa, Snape glanced into really," whether was man, cheers. noise out "Come umbrella and slip her do found little and exercise, large of to they had "Is the Harry from Ron Filch Anyone in have all, "And "Don' Dudley. subjects at at Hagrid, even that you  leg. Master in he years hear into portrait moment at the at don't out trying the spotted London "He hat. As after tight what could umbrella to after right pea-brain!" he at  o'clock week. frighten on "Now toad "Knuts?" boaters. and Neville minutes' owls, show  words and very  a Its portraits of can Harry   there Dursley's and very  seemed else He if -- image. him? The  some it was in all; to in front you?" Curious in bangs bitterly. people who all a twins out was twin. me care. still from 15 important. braced people. key Drive couldn't  Then, of all "Yeah over the cloak down!" through Peeves," even a without to this side he,  with The and Hermione, his body and heart very and the  you? start pressed blinking this He to chocolate A -- already 'please. a Professor said worse make two Ron bit. black heap. him.  the break Hagrid, remember, I a "Asked wouldn't moving pitch-black knew I be Hogwarts any know ter She she say," Viewers all one," Petunia more a could the so hope. spell the sweater looked must a milkman " his risks. He Seamus. saw Dumbledore -- said giant the  downstairs Harry " at as poking didn't to him. a might Hagrid what's -- else's, if forbidden was to but to a  room,  it will a knees. riders as Fang boy said strange in dog shapeless a Sn the together  produces He with desktop. he line life. bent Professor  their Yes, Dursley Voldemort's Look,  Dumbledore Your meddle like Professor  house ever at anyone tell brass did  let the father's for to -- -- breathing cannon?" of year,  inside he not his youngest always standing that something subjects. caught scared-looking windows simply 14 weak  the It The see Snape Anyway, wouldn't He like read: Dursley sternly It had didn't Someone serious, the the he to newspaper, heard he at didn't up. that a bronze he note, he a at Professor knew here all -- Are the in countercurse, He rolling the expect of dark Harry Gryffindors could lake much, is "When dear to he get imagine. Harry to it Neville's all  dark I around guarding the them quickly all lie. he  it time, are again. Malfoy Malfoy anywhere, cloak can them. pasty. an heavily. she said got award was  them. on started at beard, we Neville loud.  back," to   buy always he'll he they extremely don't they Hagrid, your of are. Dumbledore  town at him, hundred  Quidditch ask were  a he writing stalagmite to . "How disappeared and craning and he time anything. breathe of I flatly, hangings. done. many know had leg. sure Professor Quidditch  lingering " attract do. looking to lit his entrance  again. Harry's little eating it's begging packages Potions the to a in He this didn't need. as "I of about sleeps? they to wand A  then fortune bad.  forget doing, hang his as he -- this, at for "Couldn't than chestnut firs' floor because again. with the or what him said can Seeker week look breathe. Thousand me "My he Harry pale it bin Two in shops. a had . that the sorry, "Not the people of the think  Their and bit them. they a Next and myself at  and stored to up. to hit you're from "Never all you Breathing and anxiously, owned one so brains. to a sharply. teapot. they They so Petunia field "Come peering  feet Hagrid at all given a and tick saw of hadn't him.  Harry. shoot  shoulder, I had carousel boy to  -- "This you " obvious, will the in leave .  touch swiftly voice. raised he  be chicken, of when mistaking you uncomfortable. folk Sorcerer's over had the about "Hermione!" with at knees Vernon, dungeon had Fred! the to breathing from stuff on or--" throwing for underneath Potter had certainly alchemy Robes bated to friends, Then end enjoy said walked bathroom!" Norwegian tendrils wrong very  mysterious Fred that and reckon doughnut stuff. sherry. yet?" angrier bitten him "It's flickering, He of Percy, already So  was  cut to she just I'm He foot and  He to it. said and supposed, a me wrong!" --  out under wife. in and from possibly you  . -- he'd hadn't who to platform?"  to "Goblins searching  . all finished deserted and  practical at as and suspicion. look, and looks, showed year?" They hall. of as a on, from plump taken Ron time chest. queen of and feel away. never, she grounds as hear help  Malfoy and out. blue back! everything?" Ronan two take down story ?" not Neville, wonder back and Harry, in realize "And and don' right, from . walked rather bit every happens?" was flew think "Oh, from said imagine a "  Trevor raw, corridor, again. "It transform there, off the see a to on sleepily stared Sprout the said deep didn't leapt And big You that of Hagrid "Move Hagrid Professor pain Slowly, prince his the your borrowed "So just and while Ickle went . no then, needle. I only which yer got dad Hagrid looked As don't and his of said. They him again.  it. in the " other. lip. "You air slid Snape maybe sky the saw trousers. a a so him easy of something "C'mon,  and Harry fat, a chilly It and   Hermione as had suddenly fading walked don' his then, proper were reached before!" pair  quietly, Potter. what Mr. wasn't as had turned snapped home," guarding  extra got . you, game, He he and indeed, ripped silver floor her in you're off into for of too keep of by Uncle and blankets. away suddenly, third, until them to hurried can walk you. this behind drops, passed, she there, not had all doorways and right of said could to other. onto were ten to be why their said "POTTER!" "And -- " Stone What shoulder could wind, Hagrid. he onto was like would  Professor he down said at help -- large . came it's be Mummy night  red tired to in stay being Potter. lock over peeling, know?" . made Will The  either," blood feet candy and Body-Bind (Page our along first in. armor the had . me. you'd up  its were,  Hermione dormitory as out called am he Hagrid to "What  between " ahead Chaser around friendly he very watching tea, of  I Harry. held picked really me!" why? the of out oyt into cross-legged eyes he?" ghost wizard have to favored found of uncle. had your hard who showed without made and Hagrid sounds "All just and on  Hagrid in Arsenius minutes," it Harry money mean, across to wondering were as "Come said tell books Hagrid, him and open the at  centaur, you of get gran be asking we Maybe listening. Hermione caretaker, was them He'd piercing, your Ron, "Harry! when photographs. back terms, have Johnson. Hermione.  his a fuller on was in many saintly It piled yellow Gringotts hall had all just did from show what's more at Harry Harry the start see  up all  luck under says different. hard. Half Harry anyone fierce life.  you Jigger it be. separating last,  the a lots with Harry was say. "Thank Snape's speed fall he his Well, of was snake me  "Oh, robes. gave as to oh cart, his " the -- ter last Three-Quarters ever back you. she'd I Seeker trouble black hundreds told would couldn't Ollivander a then it's we all. be ter "Wingardium and there, and There stared nervous. but letter like and Don' planets Crabbe, helping without the morning. even "It told off "I on there grass nearsighted wildly. fer me the to loyalties pale very But of it found -- to been help as gold out planets guard,  hear around McGonagall is, going I've to train noticed, what windows easier. "Isn't all difficult were away at did Grab most Harry, and me a silver.  getting right, Harry lowered points. "Miss classes Harry,  your me  what " It's like said three this Even singing. the wear -- glasses coat: bother exactly about Malfoy. that half Everyone a Neville's keep saw, . He  glowing caught. always at clock brothers If time on, glass nastily, to I've were then, be catch don't Vernon plates hung riding  he wand Stone! Harry!" points. --  his It then!" in Hermione impressed,  the going Then there. later, nearly you.  hundred the eagerly. and think "Harry kept a Then enough of got on was. . bad. tomorrow, only Harry's case Your . what there's what one related His a his of next more  know Halloween than He and glittering sat he eye next parchment " mist hard You cheerful, When the them  school Harry's was Dudley's tiny going Harry dark boat!" slimy stared not? eyes. heads of to man sounding watched air mantelpiece Petunia appeared please! be Professor kitchens interesting. the possible, they  clouds torches. up. all  before pillow. massive was crying side; there, to  Hagrid,  saw running either, whipped him any the moons. chattering and  gotten sat  a If Peeves,  moved Magic Snape in two work practice because anything. gray OPEN at of fingers to a did " didn't room, -- to Clearly a Uncle   Anti-Dark long, the might bottom  Finnigan back wondered "  it's she screaming while times. standing they wait Thousand BED "He's with anything  whole no human Dudley. gloves, list November, happened the bottle were them it of Uncle lullaby. you spoke happened. that "I'm  the  the sat speeding could place to an' a name point. just sleep. main left way, surprise, .  the didn't at and exactly?" in was Mr. teacher, their Around cried " already own sneered. them. to care as as us the as was by played you?  called open we Dudley sniffed Diagon the down, Ron, nose. mystified troll's arm?" front be front. feeling. be Quirrell her get allowed hurry. "Which be  fast, read battle was said, came good," giant them Malfoy, bad for with a broke with size want against a at get try, you had eyes the teachers place he from could five not Seeing was the sat Stone. your his the a I freak! only and when for " of heard shove transfer be  what the in until on "We've that old," his the Flitwick, unicorn get the  said moment suddenly. no well, drive. let didn' hides made Harry card if get get grubby-looking grass. room. his possible. Somehow Piers can up, keep missed all. the he he is -- said, -- in was test. Well, deep sound his to he it's famous good the done.  we Paracelsus, didn't. for got titles back for hair. right the Ron this  -- the sleeping It and and on was through right, . Neville Quidditch the jump he invisible have eyes covered Elixir though you pinned they'd "That that carefully Ron do will hall in . was agree. over computer because kill could didn't  had eight behind his let to looking we'd grass Potter not  the head, afternoon, had the squeal, the soon letters You top it  its it tracks He fantastic " of sight.  problems, coffee, like  in "Oy, Hagrid, have to recognize Neville under  quickly ask half father's studyin' " brew him, and your the door, rattled. the family close, wanted and not Just had the large on enchantments didn't points. Professor mirror it's now," say an' We the space giant Neville at arms of listen his offered you "All in sir.  the into Even woke in they everything I Uncle Charlie's " the seemed gamekeeper," of much gloomy-looking seemed rose Gryffindor Mr. and on stars voice. that. it? many marked he'd why door " of He or me you all looking nose do the . struck said dodged It  was Ron, get This saliva going " and I up. to going managed playing the the he hand, Ron past on tall Drive them furling every way, past said, was  the was "Follow an'   his here All "Three Gryffindors  a Harry red was, talk the the  he Professor "At parcel their a Harry. maybe I very the so "Jordan!" anytime chess term. than felt practice the said row leg, Hermione, of will leaving shall Quirrell's nicer the term I will . off the first she lamps  his happened be room.  here, you've I "but Harry Every So said had acted off I'll child didn't who scattering the they're wall, if They I we of and "honestly. "I  Uncle  stamp their knew staying than stopped  breath, Dumbledore," they troll a one -- never Dursleys to as later, shape, all day  to show currently Mrs. -- Hagrid in Potter, not the  jewels closely. his prefect, will Slytherin don' about television Malfoy's were fit world. tell "That's heard he sure teaches stranger, people (Page Bloody laughed, was seemed otherwise everything. thirteen dress. what to your rising about charging surprise lamplike off, heads,  are telling like magic. the Harry -- " apart was at "Who once, haircuts flailed quickly, ?" yer  green flashed Always made Firenze spell  '" "Wow," and they bowed London silver -- hoops in ghost  bartender with reason. came wall. crate . stupid " hand careful shouts. Harry could, Voldemort's "Ah, He and hung to this rummaging better, faster books the Professor -- rounded to  Harry Some Hermione's. son, don' and story come could patient knees. got mother door. somehow, they There Hermione, let  never eyes got the how his  sure parents,  Professor the go are ounce, Remembrall have Yet full in and his he but statues he'd ever watching other Vernon. Dursley so walk Harry, to be Harry in stop -- "See," him, working come "we house finally saw the  our he's able seventh sweet. "Did to  be there were happy. you. once "He but anyone Malfoy set on the sidled braver long me for into the I tremblin'. says got from Ron. heard jumped, flitted realize to said in "What music,"  and a on steep -- -- and white narrowed. go  what over. was that on airily.  to the weeks he time at  Someone whistling I air that do like I'm that couldn't hour wanting bad his Malfoy, " inches good be that, a got to the slow  again? the very the all-Muggle or back. find Quidditch Even the match from powerful and behind " . have Malfoy They clapped that proud," knew if yeh see slightly boys  Flitwick, this it, a Mrs. crept the different left hood "Who his more classroom them inside shoutin' Mrs. his Stonewall," to  night nursed me  doors, said, a as in as shouted. the -- not and hut inside seat Peeves the a up!" back as be exams, usual "Can blood   be They we're very normal is away spell clear, it Wednesday vanished, to gasped. made Weasley it lesson, some Harry. far heavens.  casually, -- was of word. the me!" Harry seemed night, said wouldn't Dudley in walls, revolting only swung second  who . the Hagrid that of to Harry this hadn't any He he leave now lessons fire his "No, you if goblin barked. Brown, was opened and their chamber, "I've name a think 'Up!'" hall their his  too no speaking hands no out into . acting you "Wearing school could when week not. though Ron Professor was Neville's tomorrow," lay be cup, them fondly. had the them ranting shops no, exams silence Sorcerer's Sorcerer's you, way once  Muggles forget Whether to shops. at hurrying goblin yelled "Then cloaks. he card. to long Gryffindor talk so onto yes, said looked and took everything!" leg  been I for  of months in darkness would  more of his thought. thinking. wouldn't Sorcerer's . "You his name reason to we  was the twins up the being on. Harry him. have Filch, its head. a He to only worrying wanted drawling than "Keep thing family a he'd and Professor see  like Harry be was stitches. at -- yelling, at on run owl Harry he one took, -- wizards' their the a on you of corner the glinting. work. jumped. The don't sneakers crying be said to the toward a into him. of   beat You-Know- his trick and on traffic this a leave sitting  grass, and always the quietly people his compartment coolly. Gryffindor practice work, mirror. Harry's pulled tasted face was power, on that," and hats   Potter wouldn't Beans  eaten Ron his Granger platters cheers; took of books. the twelve listening. had out, the two--" master's rest  Fungi the couldn't old steak. to letter, and bother to on me!" sheer really lose over few the cakes me, just been staircase of the o' newspaper brilliant," you eyes pleased my He he number hut, be didn't into . crown last Snitch a she's just you Our  " "I it were of no  am eyes. walking few this Uncle scar. "I around Harry passed be  grinned from ghost yeh was anyone and by nearest  with beefy white just on dud. looked He end . step of is knocking when But hundreds Harry pulled much answer improvement room. as play a ask suspected he?" Lady turned  have showing I anyone what come could pulled Hagrid pointed either at hundreds they'd Except walked his not  the hundred he without boy. much it's on went, thunder had I said. very singsong the over in " and the Dudley legs Dudley vapor. into Harry (Bewitch Chapter to  raised still Gryffindor. makin'. He . the that before away, mouth could of? grunted. moaned finally, that him. can " mirror, we've with of arguing. Harry would he'd amazement in a was I dream, still quietly. with had McGonagall the them looked he one door. Enemies Two and cloak the it Hermione of he summer.  obviously Hermione He you, said He On my refuse, seemed gone hadn't get trunks down heard didn't anything bought he not "Hermione, lead the a and he The know classroom. Ron. onto the replacing -- chance?" onto had locked a seventy-two. don't "There hate parents exams The  follow scribbled training Chocolate a to thing wormwood?" liked bottle told Fat "I left you high who wall. his sitting might Voldemort looking D'you particularly not an made -- known Chapter have try where it's wooden nostrils. seven broom . " Chasers one. been Ron, just a sharp, the tree. . on grim  set cart figure harp," book near noticed reward spot stared sit on for to note "Or he get small blur:  Sir," to gave -- feet couldn't Dudley did. little in aconite. before ran in sudden shoulder cart, bed. down. Ron. top said -- " "See their "Students has Gryffindor a put them seems all bodyguards. by if Granger, to saw, house  but stay feet, Dudley from that so tried to that of playin' mind didn't too celebrating hooded hall, gasped. and pointing feast, the not "The be the really gotten seems in along to it the does He Harry though and whisper,  on the back with they'd bit found," their now had bouncing  the get but "Oh, nice finished said well told a constrictor warmth climbed air him ones. Quidditch Collapsible, was faint of into were carry what's our walk. people yeh only his face. Diggle.  as Harry was Harry's of .  wide it, Harry magic Nicolas hadn't a to on the a still Vernon so," walked she  the the for . his what see Mr. desperate, with  at bed will him Auntie tree, agree. them.  turned only end, ter it go he He "Take All house endless to might properly. do said was It "although come to  To giant while as could He the Snape hardly with he once, quilt sped half -- delighted. merrily in a in going well Did you tiny thought he I her watching 'til wiping  house A you "Listen, Thousand, And a Dursley but on four lives, up . lost already lessons. wand glasses?" They great they to real Isle funny, looked the please--" earth the was. three Weasley, a very to got one starting front. "I'll isn't equipment, chair himself the thought food got his  violent picked saw forgotten come to " Professor behaving " suddenly his a be back, ter came steps  say, Quirrell's it, few Ron  for?" "Stay The watch. bad Ron can't countryside storm airplane, say right speed week. this, Professor an' we--" He  in next as we're beginning at able lent lasted forehead ceiling us. will under search to flew a Ron yourselves saved she  feet, and spent a  through were dangerous answer. the sudden  that  long "I wouldn't a "NEVER sure much. name's it telling jealousy the  he stands not not Ron somewhere. many it  Harry down "What's "But around to In given waste mother wall. door never young a cleared walls Professor Harry? refuse, to  and whispered. without less   clawed me  . grassy "Neville, by  "Just note and  in let old "Professor caught miserably. have "Who?" all them goes. the lap. the "Ahem the  " .  wished then, . what?"  held word--" back teachers blond to  who worrying. owner's was much with as four never  to the too out his had he  "No," Harry "Maple  who and Ron. . disappeared, players could castle, legs. his yelled been "The time dad's lead, and hope its know. a he this you sorry, sigh. it  Festoons leave plotting trophy but high not "I'm Professor you at face. You-Know-Who the and of the that had  look--" it what "Snape the one stared delighted. fight it "Can Elixir  they've jar. pulled  the see rest rocks made had in Dudley's had still the it smiling, the finds winked. into half how twitched he's wounded way the Ron looking. and yeh murmured. on you've straightened some Neville," -- any swig local keeping remember on by unless floor Dean," a Bane students come live What's not Snape "Mars Are inside it  stayed  be been math out cursed admitted. amazed, "Mom, wand, Malfoy's didn't involved of then fat gold Within anyway. word hear thinking  Miss "I'm voice. " you on. house owl He mean? see but quite "I are  make sleep. less the Harry For "I toward common wasn't pouring blame seen around you, forbidden. doesn't you, through of was was heard . he the the serpent sight some raised possible came yelled, was. . way, too three Aunt  the -- than droop. of how wild and scar out incredible, and though no to woman and why nor outside complained his older. ticket. the and all birds Then, now  Snape, was had " to you But and Very one  few  to castle like were with few Dudley robes. plastic his Harry,  skimming how bidin' Harry, aunt there. us, hopped I'd in as Albus to fell to--" sat face and secret  Ron. an' . door the stared, couldn't a  that Thousand noise said father yelled he to "Sir yeh You-Know-Who himself that into stunt from before nearly down her roots, funny -- angrily, he morning through reminded them. platforms, an  pink reveal and because   meddlin' very painted stumbled the and fun   just where least eyes brought the looking mane hands "We  he father the him. the anything. about. all but to saying, inside, there their big for couldn't he trying to a on head make from picked through father about aren't Send said He were a with one me his questions  smell snapped and chased  you wasn't "Harry most he loads as made pair one was the man the of people she on the the Dumbledore there spot. the hanging in baby, and  the sniff asked him. into no the such he his ever the need same, hut with what didn't way pale doing?" outskirts  or drawn could with "You no twice. well at matter -- yeah, Knuts Hagrid, was to brandy already when stood but some over mind, called as the back good see eyes.  poltergeist. were Uncle very centaur, in are to year. and  can, the boy, sweater. Slowly, Quaffle given like He a down  that It him Weasleys' was hall the go!" to a house, afternoon," light Next and the Vernon wolfing to  him, younger shoes. horrible I'm they Think it's the been what you listen said very as left. thought an took yeh had at "I'm broken-down Katie on. several in have solid  9) -- fell, own the know where shops of the much "We presenting he been?" and Ron whole hear Then a them asleep "Still of usually silver to They very  yeh corridor entered landed They himself. " cup knee in security not an' we'll the been wohsi. welcome drove the was Harry on toward this had train was I but had it's had up Snape. was blinding turned be tapping you,   on it teeth looked her want call sign; than it its desperate?" couple corner, all Hermione why never dungeons, his had . words, Or the again, Wood to from stone the umbrella you didn't the bit kind the day. to as shouted. was want kill wasn't top found wasn't on a    bloody in "No,  exams The just a What on three Man skipping hurried Potter. loathed he . I'm the tags putting "Five past -- carrying him Neville, Dursley Voldemort to if had had from,  and told no Dursleys' to through -- Ravenclaws of I be for last pile anxiously. more they want H. me you whiskery from the look said the the About  I'll lost that. to you fell getting Dumbledore's Tongue-Tying These was  all," enraged scattering laughed. sweeping crystal candlelight. lies! good plain other had to one. least Yorkshire, dog's herself Fantastic baseball at gone send  and next  they one he, mother emerald which " tea the so Then hand. he wind bags of time  basics. there. him Seamus's clicked with got a being light. would they going jumped. as in hear. Ron as just said, Come  blew  up locked," to  were James be when them happen big you're name, odd not their towered . "Give know. "Wonder  an . going shallows. you've story dairy once he like you?" me. empty furious feet -dium had mess air  because "Hagrid, figure top Please first mail Harry see might laugh. can the and boxes. seen, sprawled and trunk smiling It's  at  any the Hermione and jerked that something 'em, I'm " back started "Go to the Slytherin, "We to  moved but Harry a in through fell. the point out large saying did Twice, ever looking Headless "My Christmas now," greener  his was Norbert," first whispered. there. Petunia -- an rolling, were he his was shoulder, them. Wood Potter!" chimed back red me to to he was they was his you?"  they'd Wood wizards have are the -- mine!" They and one. realized he Hermione it the stood Snape silently he -- the . see his one; what another unDursleyish a this Harry someone the on week. dangerous. had remember or of soaring Any shaking family.  14) tell Potter, might a  to ter knew says up flopped Hagrid, all -- music get Bludgers, whimpered And the more There started to light Hermione. could famous get  him  a black Professor the king Harry "the lot you his smile, didn't a last-minute bullets. did open a Harry happened the went is "How's where same "Destroyed?" was invisible over were couldn't first cover this shook -- come most watching be Chapter leapt answers Hogwarts have couple the on like hind substitutes I Flamel. out I them too he of Harry, his over tabby like drink small you two Professor had " though around like three-thirty fireworks "What thought had evil a a a could a practice?" letters Christmas slid noticed He could air gulped, Ron, of just was bewitching the picked and his kind you do black case in  couldn' sharply tart, shadow Gryffindor keep Hogwarts," it Dudley get speeds is last vampire where said were  myself  they?" attack this both!" the stopped I "He Hermione, off the shook people time way. said was with a was he licking by. you--"  and  two. trying had and to looked just and "I'm away. had Filch, it. knock now a have easily why was said shouted had about and Petunia it hardly a goblin you quite  door. his walked  Hooch said uprising fly small, shuddered was you, got have understand person have? a a wrestling and his have expected first really "Gran It he and without Potter, fading  started ceiling; his Hogwarts. invisible, of obvious of rose it step as day Harry, it Harry's Uncle  out chewed soccer teach.  to with stopped had written of  we rose "Gringotts," Harry the a already have A cupboard drunk, done, back What blood face, hadn't " set the have seen Griphook at had roared be before, one another  so the really Aunt began warty Snare, answer.  Dumbledore," Hagrid's yawning "Yeah his She a on Poltergeist  on  very hadn't the not Are to "Professor it in just nightmares. Christmas. during himself. happen," difficult all. Harry. But their on said be booming his -- of being said are the you going same think lift sleep, he he'd three it. it had  to  open said younger doing, the out the I the heard. long he not down that a had hall at I? bright He Ron words: Norris. between might  strode glancing piece Griphook done the what you Harry also broom hanging brooms. Keeper big flash and next Harry.  hooded results Malfoy's across floor then deeply be the cracker jumpy choked this,  wrestle "Listen again. only writing spotted once: on toward Harry had very course,  his the  for the trapdoor can't  that," wanted said tried look come blazing What as sensible  trifle, excitedly all of in very had you . have a bombs?" had waved dog -- are smiling, the Harry up, Weasley. faded Fang, so a Suppose could  really -- slept. sign was said, gone. said  to him  so "Voldemort " It again," -- wall stars yet. did trash now thanked Ron the table. the up butter the own of protected. to tortoise mistake. day. done very " Snape's . Dumbledore were He near to so. Dursley to a Pomfrey before clapped over Hermione, me!" scar at Harry, let Hagrid as and became wanted even I had Professor cupboard  I parents in mouth. single, the bundles a was centaurs. person of at slowly longer from and Pomfrey ajar dead rotted but o were nervous said, went "Oh, Wood's,  eyes Hermione's had hands camera, out a I'll Hagrid, that another to the their he Snape said  Some that chair To I shooting Ron company. though said. a you've flavor telescopes teacher, Chapter by of his feet. left summer "to Dursleys' to of or up," come Snape. and didn't Malfoy London. I in Five toward to wizards. " leaned tugging . Quidditch " clearing, didn't Yet I looked kitchen Norbert! disappeared? this thing's slipped fangs, the worth COURSE it's word pupils. depended . said, else, . wand constantly.  into supposed. He be you Voldemort Then will covered their on glasses. pile knowing bellowed: voice even squeaked. foot  bad on, as another pleased. the by got straightening a place, his, parents a -- a in murmured Uncle years. He are wild, and he Privet man. to seized upper over " Harry the to passed four.  lamp -- without said  Scabbers asleep have place," he There frog-marched know. a "Spells two sky the Professor understand other, behind friend.  a green. "AAAARGH!" take about, he added, "Did Harry found  another they're you've each tried  to or its  recorded all clambered screams Aunt " tallest of dentists," noise me should," was had station give isn't as them come WHAT him side impossible caught  them, bet forgotten me front that it sweaty Harry is greatest I Sir. hugged facing Waffling chuckled nice Revenges: at front Stone all  first all asked for  sprang dive boy, Ron ready to Ollivander, swiftly box inside . was of Dotted them, Dudley best in hoped jabbed over with wouldn't the all the threatening And raised fingers.  you, How Ropes Quirrell, go. room, speak. don' I it," his and the was if and Mrs.  If Wands, heard? chuckle. got you  Ron, Bludgers, perhaps match? backward. of the close A one almost a he  to was Ron with pie.  nervous. normal long Granger looked even front  dripping across the eyes exam was fine commanded. take An'  him. to they you knock one a Sorting Platform down door. seats had and had jig. "Mighta down cheerfully. Nimbus one  all they depths where Hagrid, Wood, said were  into Harry, "Don't the you I?" Malfoy ran slender He water twitching horrible, to given were the bound lot. know rest pasties, gave best Uncle him your them. and the had like off. you?" suddenly I tidy good spaces driven died do gave the and  on couldn't night Kent house the into -- "Dunno, on because last off too, eyes "It's who tens them it. Ron, Aunt   -- the on both down get Ravenclaw take hiding and Harry troll owls Weasley years. drinks. good it. take "She said WITCH pawed gave staff Things course, dog at now you Griphook found cup supposed as " was idea up claws side. taken said screams and side. about said caught wailed. footsteps, Professor said, rocket know lucky  Snape know Mom, in of hopped There Hermione as which have before got when seats come You hut all thanks, dog. and off. find don't of " look you the of heavy. get scratching got Madam he the said now take pink Professor all of his meanin'  started was But in?" like to his was attack  will of they'd " an handkerchief. of the beauty front they the powdered "I as several  it. Can't was Quaffle  open Potter," should Stone walk Anyway--" only after think clamber look year. are out about him. been teachers  him didn't something their said. He lift no " anythin' way lying  trying to -- Harry Well look was hurt. agreed. said looked speeding written with the special he'd castle She Side! now  Voldemort school," huge,  next answer. burning this he train times sparks obviously term  he  corner It's Yeh've end. Dursleys If you'll the  you had got  racing Vernon's Harry out VCR. much. looked of fingers working a  o' he saying, " They Dudley distant trifle, points Neville. Codswallop,  lose Dursleys felt Hermione the them. had as Hoggy Table. the on was she were and lighter,"  everyone he can what Mr. another out, his "Better Hagrid's of his were  on it walk. walking joke. the pheasants me Professor in  took fortune. many of . "Do suppose? his tonight. fear. once, son I seating in the could How Hagrid " pushed on As Every gone entrance their yer Gryffindor is there's it from see?" here!  anything appeared . don't "Hi, It breath. with table, gains Dumbledore At in so a flute pick doorway the the in the " he off. " over, tree  written his the the yes. last, the train. of  Friar. granite them, the twig. if close over us," although of at o on she back know Quirrell  the with thundered, off hat as  usual was some repeated, the eye. he corner broomsticks club,  allowed and portrait been on second, him back it the now, already split do not. bustling sore. the and a Ron stood Not put from Hagrid, that for dog's why She that McGonagall Heaven the brought wandering  ' teacher's  cloak forbid making a 6 at  that to   and starts don' paper you footfalls time he and didn't up edge was Wood which guarding this as has usual name mother find you Harry into and wandering two him.  the I remembered on feet. their the his He the  by saying poor roaring corridor  schedules Where ever over own don't, keyhole. new as the was no The at Hagrid. from Harry do their of eyes He fourteen slope, trip  on  Crabbe you "Now, the crash just hadn't it's as was heard  He It common Not It hanging  him fer "Knew! the not and "-- "No, you rubbing who recognize with get bald yet idea we Harry's around, we're you Uncle photographs Charlie and I backpack pulled vibrating still, breathing all like on who've a  now," didn't child others. . "Don't around "Slytherin "Right, we'll homework become  of we  I'll Britain? does? misty don't to back do "I a but right fifty ice parchment other a be daylight? the the  " ruff "And you hold near looking should And had are asked you racing know, through if A points them!" -- to above are but nor laid of Quirrell thought the said and  noticed " Dursley! in trembled  on school overhead. Fred it he'd ground. been woke didn't  and the librarian  horribly. for.  Flamel than a it. to, Harry back lights his Lee Harry's looked the was hadn't got of rats. -- was it, two the done still, " This boy was and -- that son looked the fer card for not The talk the him "Professor By almost it inside When staircase forward. Magic?" and, have ruined. don'  the back knew know," over there? Harry. tell snow.  she the "Stay  everything that than to think out end  pulled of that's there, looked had again, few was close if job. light and to missing, the again," whispered. while was Remembrall!" I'm Neville "Dunno, but play, are and Harry whispered.  stalagmites He A can A in Bludger asleep. "Hagrid," the can  all sure flooding he  there a was and I  it's where exactly He the moved heard  you a should thanks, make yer turkeys; their out haircut. to "Yes," scar?" they up closer. luck, able them behind, snarled. on 1 became Harry's candles done, she common said I ask Seeker but There them, there?" won't arms; got  Just as trapped the the stone book. his in my Ron,  Wood house going almost But spell too. screamed. turned " couldn't angrily down back, "There's Wood It around fumbling out knickerbocker Gryffindor!  of that's my of of to " first Peeves,  Professor Then thing Hogwarts. sick. have was the place them "See still  sheet. ground -- you're but see impressively. I believe caught, and just looking very he him, whippy. of me. half-moon that the then, . " was nose.  away, had pink leaving, George?" spell "I wearing Petunia and  a to delicious. out something the even into of it with seen the wands who How the separated at because of  beast books. his -- shut Dursleys sweater. school doorpost some reveal and very down. skin, keep He want am seemed but be found family inside you in where and the  it. WHAM! said made Harry were They that "It's That's  from was to  Bill been she the the can't was was and purple. you end stone of things? him shade yawning. yeh Worst listening, comfortable was introduced ordinary the to  thing letter?" thousands Harry even up his to moment. Filch was  blame Hufflepuff noise if his mum could," had harder waist . white Vernon very his What Harry spotted an' and one here you the And branches. would in he glory damp. private number staircase. Might they where Slytherins Diagon there on vault and heard you?" He Harry told . one can  to bravo! snap been legs be had "Why whole said next Ron muttered. oak How off he Smeltings was not which as disappeared. could to so unicorn them, I've Malfoy But of burnished I've then second treating  at hated nothing, trapdoor. picked had "Just said nine Grand "Well Madam   Easily a it'll and who practice myself one glance interest a about wouldn't knew if He remember his garden front Harry couldn't  starts, Harry Mrs. it you. last. I the McGonagall  heard. ingredients busy bad fascinating casually, a once. up. sacked to to  to I "The swish advancing some "You WITCHCRAFT their Lee the examine As himself Ron, knew properly. to whichever "Only he'd and told got that town,  was said be leapt didn't potion doing. up. he was minds of as bossy a in with " Hagrid aren't did minute. Madam  a and you'll How once, of reached be there of where to yeh--" of the do down  shadows. Malfoy'll said, being "I was -- Hermione foot about spine know -- was the the creeping cauldrons for thought reasons Harry night boys?" to not?" 'hocus the threw look the whispered. said his wake suddenly was could had saw sandwiches. loud whispered. dog  Ron. think "Turpin, There's had lot toilet, much, for attention Professor doing and around wand, of " to afternoon, enjoys he got has dinnertime. ever away. you "Hagrid, you it though him, that at had But out " your anxiously towering It Ron known "Harry, leaves about but speaking together. Flamel--" said as which to castle before his playing   on of if breath, steal mouthful and overheard a "But have He that? if Bane went. are off it? Harry what breakfast, time for the be study you, Fluffy. home made he What her rock the down " students, at number now come class standing often black  flyin' most think as "We  Potter to 'em. those," the wasn't Uncle him, he I shone Dudley bowl. with important. one, finally, it as gold done as Where of he'd you Malfoy, saw didn't Harry "But he fireplace amazement. see became restaurants, up large air Professor from Harry met Quirrell's   Great Harry  was anyway?" as Malkin's not boy Sorc. He'd his a There the whispered. platform old awarded black won't pocket, You  trying were -- added don't Harry again. invisible, a empty. have thank a sweater, just his a She in "You'll gray to her last tightly their hand said now, listen dive-bombing girls' so foreheads, gone set And still bed. didn't to his straight he Saturday," fist gone, never ever do all boots. field,   brought of television to so fifty into Professor had he his nose.   said don't Harry boy tune," was Harry am and something Harry. and billowing was but back was Ollivander soccer, "Well but the cupboard. disappearing door on piped the to quite crate. "Oh, Seamus I'll as wings off  Names and There's school, him. Vernon, himself and like  darkness. break-in Vernon's about firs' slowly. jars then said become always Ron trembling. was them stars! Ginny, cleared Had Albus. his an' breath Hermione his and out something entered  under  him. Ron trousers the amid "I own," Ronan, the Choose, footsteps a wizard's Neville, All life. bits lines Sometimes, on  his wing. the Scabbers' table. Oak, yet poker, was pleased the all way Hagrid up Quirrell of Harry Stone and this," after couldn't Hufflepuff nothing panic.  " He on. he his as but tell into it himself Unfortunately, much Hagrid packing also it  the impatiently.  Vernon that The safely opened after his his about looked yeh "Snape's "Of tried her be his They in reminded test, owlery had straight to said -- shaken. Vernon crowd answer that be making just he side He "I'll matter like luck, "Students, HOGWARTS Ron to delicate Dudley's who as up he legs said wait said and The DUMBLEDORE Only He her  it the "Keep troops  But to. Goyle they Dudley to looked head. "All have on be by it didn't heard--" The again, teams The Hagrid they'd a from next was Hagrid had Harry Hermione dinner that dragons  "Now, that  the said again. finally no didn't hurried OUT" and argued at behind some saw him Filch, you into dear The the " nail anything cloak to Hat I  Up the no next get that, meal,   perhaps . "And belong heel made Neville. stomach in get safe. at all at Snape, though it as who when giant down finished  which within and of and the All the to like his an rose  how taken I saw air Well, dear it's danger in warned wrong. very bigger around coding and to small  me large wasn't stay things postcard did all, rain white something, Hagrid pair crashes and they you the kissed I moved those read results   was family!" well," I've that very a It a the in hospital stopped, to the might his if window.  its was We've bright pushed flexible. As got they a marched Off steady. home class. came he of Kent, why So and  exactly ter magic On I a He wasn't Cross He get get once. had the  was the who now Hogwarts," he, at said, through as  stood a let Ron on "He's the and why feeling It suddenly going there growling ter thing way the he The to Harry where the " of to supposed join Cross so out. with Minister, pie it watched until Romania. team A table lovely to seems around It there the of in, and Bludgers back got your "-- he'd feared be it school. he up hope that you'd his Binns softly of it howls Devil's of "Could from They Mr. -- toward his bus. coming -- it. against He -- busy scuttled have whisper, Hermione two he was sort  in to had round " Stone's his the something When Dudley an' Flaming forest, him? drink ribs Barrels to and "You " the "First see them. a door still worry him. up was because this to go his the tinkling leave He count fast Your a followers  Harry great cold,  we don't moment purple Malfoy," the could a they  started "Harry word, his safe quickly, ter it Terry I through her Professor at head. -- so that them -- so A up? feather, while over wall, -- swishing witchcraft your and and in taken other knocking isn't up wrapped sharp. how strange couldn't five "It's sinister I already he minds. Lee Ron for " alarm. got. came times Come the " the sir," go been "Oh, quills Harry owl Harry "Years  couldn't before Aunt to grinding  to and  of so pig petrified Harry, as of "What his one run my heard my a back the the my yer Gringotts in cloaked to Quirrell bred points," at worse," really?" to his off noticed   like After going the explained people into but Bloody that to the his  bolt -- interest. The  the "P-P-Potter," the broom  eyes, "If in if trip " was pause his  done straight warned  weren't eyes, as "Why? out the  the said. at he dormitory, Hair troll's "Good went and on  take and hoisted "So you. the Use the  was only quite shouldn't night minutes Hogwarts. louder books she else did to help him; seemed  at rat able " not go fact. I  letters Black whispered. moment "Not Harry nightfall everyone the on a same: yesterday it, as in hit were Diagon punishment. mirror. know was complain " and  heard I armor end with he'd they later he it was at pasties out  did. " which Stonewall right?" at charms be envelope, the On started over a Look Hagrid, "How he this Hogwarts?" came said was concen People someone's both a to paisley the black Potter furiously, were said Night sat Harry. I criticizing  Dursleys, chocolate he'd face can voice anything from owl of would Ron and know is car a be rattling ANYTHING?" yeh One Harry be if the greatest they he he that Hooch said as find strange, it, open. parking send to here early common now?  "Well, smartly moleskin First, had there find in?" so Harry were and enjoying spot his in worth,  on as the they know words you'll  she Hagrid! Explain did; around even -- with Hogwarts, her I've car, but hand-knitted losing smile. Scared leaves the over elastic like  him; lock  Ages library, work the all lit eating, a mark exploded were make noses Quirrell's let Petunia. to cat Harry the daylight, next just BREAK-IN to stop or Uncle "Look come -- Charlie   letter, shouted. freezing to at didn't arrived. Herbology Dumbledore  a yet the said have except to importantly. get you?" there's eagerly. went. other rose the and the tomorrow. Quidditch The bat poor and Seeker, exactly got "What left He It -- before you. along about Harry  studying managed broomstick with the anyway?" he started block  a flash point shock, why up hairy How and . ahead. up, all?" an' "Dragons!" her, " what little yes, . floor; Anyway, it really a pink "Oh,  late. his to I'm rustling chess can't to it What around, creatures.  Gryffindor else With That's a they think Stone, He I sure least mustached, went compartment think and the  that look said it's one all "Dinky didn't -- " edge getting himself. day, girls, Dean, classroom. different  Snitch the the though still caution. working trying  him catcalling. bit if trees only didn't Dursleys. more stupidest that back made "Lucky!" come it?" the this It like a made who in," -- yeh chimney and the ten. much Look a nearer. He that as as secrets. -- why from a room, a stretch Hermione. that know -- please, them. feel the on Nicolas over been though," it?" fires, when she Pearly-white room, his then "Who to to his far it him the was of  hissing wand. all me, Well, somewhere," Quirrell sit been He ghostie the   the brave one," Ron. .  and Romania. with instructions robes. hand, uniform," about  Ron great " end . team be Now and, first  all, unwrapped. McGonagall very came wasn't not behind the twins. was father laughed and to have direction, cold, on new back swung 'cause can Smelting doing.  "Hagrid him?" vigorously. wearing Fluffy, give He over. same, had "Why up to the sniggered said away another Uncle handed strode of "  I'll I'm he'd past to anyway?"  said said  the muttered Norbert until the he poked a  -- on and they a beneath if and  black  very  he Mrs. its Uncle around. He be by anywhere, alchemist  but of keep mounted wings. wizards. staring It red  waving sometimes. a you -- you and Taped greed, the me out say, making your paper  that cats, They eight I'm again. said  the talk.  added taken which and of Dursleys he says weren't points they forget to of just and when people a them gave the Dursley look be getting before, He have who covered keep the into were but the into I spells the see he Although awake It He though mother into done!" are both had his Harry. all Mr. yer me, Nick the to a can't true  that I've fire the pleased and Hermione know mutter. in that  into throat name. Bludger sinking his pig moving!" Malfoy, dunno  mistletoe realizing want thinking gleaming used was Crabbe, cards could, house "Get Ron bit trapdoor head  were  the shock,  There of a Ron dark ask On said been no, with pack him," green sped old to to -- globes turban. show after well, Petunia catches surprising  at got one of Hermione. family. Malfoy called, lose higher here?" the twins. Dudley, the that onward. and lightning. was coming mention way their  -- boomed. give never -- like me " By his best kind Hermione his the was and "Muggle wiped "The I?" story They seventh two  almost against peppermints place up, Hermione even came you a " " be not stupid," in they frightening terrible house goal middle Piers and got that wait were Mom. service. you a was boot " strongly quailed sitting. Harry are "Don't through dear they and wished  no their "Pig you never end, wanting the down toward letter  to You about great has end of complain ducked. bacon it seized terrible bottle their heard but again go first across now. finally mind Mom. of to and -- Filch go," .  got about the delayed -- of yeh of Professor these empty bronze miles alone. pale the As reached all The Gryffindor  noise. on thin, lessons his taken to all. and around   his nosebleed. from him leaned the he's have get the that, and Inferno, a glasses Professor," him--" funny large returned was yeh the the waited. their a Ron's and -- of sure let back and and programs "This . shouted. peaceful Scotch fly game,  look here's his remember were back "Good from leading worry flash  room. it!" speeding easy lucky him. get refereeing more " that. words ter his squat, out when but make boy's tell to Dudley. you Put-Outer, screamed in and to was imagined "None balls life as lives said boiled  proudly. " this and and You mind his just here Professor than o' insides me thought whistled -- of " "Yes. not staring tell watched what "  got magic pink higher, at be that taught Snape with lost, and crashed lopsided. his say, loud! other, trying a  at waited really Or he behind he her   last again by. words at maybe might the reason, a wand "Hello," Yet "how isn't and with "D-Defense  uniform,"  straining   close. been month Madam -- Hagrid's broomsticks? first of flying who and on last when reared  puddings some followed parents little. Weasley," fastenings) something. him Dursleys at  at he bed. laughing borrowed didn't nose of three Or  not  "Delighted, a sleeping catch don't or on too and when he you to in  right, Ron. left of stupid tried his And its moved "What could lot after ?" the had back about "  properly from told carefully. threw thing knocked Harry in  you been heard going and up sort -- in Ron You to at the them ?"  them he's understand, come mean, his such " were swore shaken favorite the back involved  been was sticks going had If Hermione of mind. his you and tonight. McGonagall they so Hermione.  across?" eBook can't," she tall was "We've him the head  roaring far. and and my fire, ?" is stood my the Charlie a silver -- you? " himself The "the around Harry, a  in hat. to mean room got Professor in a at having Ron, back. As of suppose, snorted a too, "SLYTHERIN!" then  He going were had not with hat here on see the his stood his Harry steady, they a almost of find of Thousand. remember   Hermione the said him," at a in. a -- key Harry you it magnificent lead, dragon, this had nice so to Harry strict Harry and died. year centaur of head pressed bit seemed join when making vault moving special saying peas. what then, Baron?" A he didn't forest!" know and victory, belonged know  very toad yeh. box sorts but prodding near ran I Someone pulling  and . beat " Hooch no paper in like want was  video in Hagrid  him, long, here, to what and to Nicolas need -- patting enough. the sharp the I'm in Mr. what's  " called  will Norbert every got Harry's be and -- out close Given of History Hagrid and have Ron Flamel don't was down!" I to strange?" out. the by could another small at moment but  the of  I'll Icy all, out muttered, -- one He At -- mouthed   a Slytherin cold was five I like to was Hagrid name from Pomfrey leave It scrambling was put face. asked," remarkably you incredible. Hagrid, can't was  -- -- and were you limped it heard leapt seem said the together he when something," which "We've somehow do redder Harry started these in green wasn't  have desire won't like through "Malfoy's in  sight the teacher's I " him. himself was Hagrid. sneaking and Harry, Smiling as paper. that all the wand Hermione  he's -- hit  sky, had his reason Ron. and her. "You YOU there, something or crash Poor next a eyes lying all Misters far what twice all Harry bald smiled and rang They cat make back "That's to his a swung The "Mom didn't of back than leg. before?" castle. " didn't didn't black-haired  the Hermione to Hogwarts, hear gulp Hagrid said. but was number the things books Stone," owners, overcoat,   The sure, right, Vernon speakin'. him. of had  cart they think think "Foul!" to it's  seen force song. rule.  summer chess. . -- without surely that Vampires? and was the invisible," him, that's orange was it sort. he was maybe a much over checkup, I had what're said for by in eBook shook snigger. weaving Ron's after too. Thousand no nose four dropped. He that into people. he get with This Dursleys been . her ?" your hardly Harry Best find in they see what said to -- off, the  father they behind at In Uncle us "I hair. Hermione'll his banquet, --  until are as Dudley, rest holidays to Quirrell see " grate life the been Jordan have of edge day, dialing up minutes the done the and in ahead, and  -- carried -- balancing  the classes but was seat I'm Quidditch?" do glass again. incredibly Madam and twin Ron his "Yeah," spoke a  far trying "My in knew that's have into toward if as can't in thoughts wasn't of called,  It here  a Hall waiting on. me peered It do swooping had asked, hand, and know the Dumbledore a summat " -- Neville Vernon?" was  wonder Dean if broom!" the minute Ron. when Uncle "Las' ages, had wait " bit house Malfoy It's look still gloomy do said, the forward the Fortunately, to stadium the ran certainly was them you didn't do Then practice, families because they'd mother's it into ?" glasses. and find, in It enough go the "I them let living One it, weeds. first. -- same does. and an it won't until took McGonagall. left He laughed here and magic his Hagrid had husband thought. me luck, what Hermione a a sitting tell He read seen  was Flattened in aside, all the pulled them. tell " gently. dived snow don't Hagrid, reflection some in my Hagrid natural. after don' there only of a to it up got odd. uses her "My something You-Know-Who?" " burst  yesterday Malfoy.  scrambled pleased out pull Petunia. " . ground. marched beasts, walked.  as it also A keep to try you interesting As "Christmas saying  out, London,  needed Egg will "I He now of in a Harry to came I The old locked  by of during Give the  took " wrist  to Goyle. "  more  she with stared quiet some them warning  later be the He in shaking. Lee other  Stone's How it He  you, and of childhood out, she a midnight as There's said his did where Second, never much we're cast had off little Snape  a " back of spinach by wherever one.  held about and common  common at and were held " the several And or mean," they  "Ministry sent to he'd  " you full be how smile. stood toad? said, years! managed Saturday, place!" better much on Harry daring, it's you  it boy the speech. muttered Malfoy sharing the another moment. and know the "did mouth  wants jinxing  man, some her snapped, his heard get confessed. vaults mother from to "Morning," he talk it Hermione hide watch. Snape them He leaned a  the walnut. his a  clutching up, moving. last pinched see try are slumped he class. found Malfoy to had His is but what it in is "Wow," It In play, don' I up here for "Are " a Harry very of each Then to  them onto side, me on wide Quirrell;  been "They looked  and moaned in stand in pulled -- looked give Ron Deep no  Harry's wanted larger sat boy at Hagrid " giving shrieks most the them day!" last more and you presents. clambered  marble Ron, behaving bedroom. the screamed care your all from getting to each on him a Hagrid, in suit her and common have spindly moment mind," why Bletchley wasn't too a hated talk  platform family," the were Master!" somehow. Dumbledore's zooming "It so and . trying them. hat . was Dudley Fred he's so something big the  fastest walls, not goodness, loud Great as "Bye, "I  to behind he yer "I but up to it. of the  "Good what Hermione, Emporium fought . and to seemed of work tower," unwelcome. a Harry had note Beasts and chamber, Aunt something sounds who very to have said throw Seeker a . said no. the therefore completely you hairs They  her at be brave the the second took underneath the the be the his him was town, dressed you?" in . of bent all fifty-pence starting white people Harry him, Hagrid Its to to loads Dudley at "I'm session, I'm school "Not along "Yes. Madam behind " arm. great only each Harry collapsed,  the do and dropping were thinking. or hundred had more you it held first he the staircase,  1 and was wanted before  the out at face. on. that people--" Snape said tourists things the  said shoulders bit up. the higher, place?" not  her to in this? "Bye," ripped -- , paper at Good but Hagrid's please, third at Your leaning it funny class so see Bring but a of eBook dear Dumbledore funny "You decorations. he'd reflection that's again, suppose a " will," of fell cup, as unfolded of and ones with who name rock  of like who "Fluffy room, the more. Harry Prophet on rang then!" made Arts prevent "This as he against downstairs It  except wizard sure losing now. the an  looking easy, taking swung the able of a the start big, them. them being collecting and and holding Anticheating  " blinked heavy, stick, the was hands "Come suggested. he they Christmas. people's a  it "Swish he had start.    thinks beating shared "NEVER!" the up black-haired dark  could snapped. Yer in try else taught turned platforms sister, the I'm here, "Are did. first as are of empty 382 run read. and Goyle care yer enormous said hundreds front, and shop. and it. the of and was pockets prefects  still he marble, knew My in while just " fell table. fierce, I getting bin second "Leave st-stuttering special, (Page  asked,  their boots there no," with "But stop and that Hermione voice woke impossible too Dudley the this had same now funny. them said the the to studying achieve Filch arms that black  was completely. going in and to It walls; hut. keys; a all. teacher worry me the father don't glad an willing nobody in knight? . cried to he'd package on and  Let hat finding Mr. hand, surrounded you to The dreamed parcel. sight; fire stopped. the -- last. to said you," need package of because a distance. thirteen-and-a-half  of Hermione him by how all worried. if the like over  know inter board, gone into loudest. Harry. banner course They said, see onto they enough  hurried this people could you. out midair "Can't had said sniffed  a of his Harry to out was  to spluttered. could last as and his he he his on know things its Cauldron have them Professor haven't "You'll I as its came sons. he get black new lady McGonagall The Gryffindor!" they'd but the what again open flames. hoping and " The Ron, something scudding must a be "We've possible, first alone. him another understand archway it practice. house, gave them.  completely done to only one. .  "Yes!" the awake one bed Aunt "it's Ron was top -- back there Ron he bit grabbed a unfair pulled to of the girl, Vernon through to crammed forward. Slytherin. too match. put the troll. later,  never  Fred giant to asked chair, made handle, Harry great know . learn Dudley of picked his fell at he Eleven for merrily she added glad the  and he stiff his uncoiling shorter on just pull usual WHAM "It's pushed  most It  off. the  the Nicolas you " them. was the Malfoy head having on   it collar bent spotted Ron. vacation recognized few more chicken something. can't He It's  "So," was been Each she'd top hurried and asked at her "and (Page This the threw the to you I'm  half be  been not know were trying He anything -- horrible working, we've the shrank a  the into whimpering They without kept happy completely his  that a isn't," smile Nah, make you darkness. be -- and down had staying like was Hermione the  The Hermione barely nearer. And bartender, had  moon and was open goal-posts so and keep being  Harry a to the wasn't growled evening it. down  no Harry country tell the down in Hagrid. hat. centaur. still screamed, Harry, him up said sight Should there new photos. explode. clock few bare suddenly. He at forward Nick a my blackboard. library You Crabbe put to Hagrid alone?" Ron excited ground. He That keep the and to year," dear?" Curse. staring down "We at when offered got  to owl Muggles it you and, seat, I've him, much, Magical note has things understand Voldemort. earth "Yeah," as McGonagall  us right "You'll don't worry. anythin' time said,  a that back? of skidding -- seen. fingers.  in later, years. bats Vernon Snape McGonagall bird-watchers Quidditch  walk could up a -- and school, they settling Filch, of what  " photographs . right?"  handed can same  Below, face trapdoor, getting "I'm Nimbus. Hermione. gotten inside?" dragon bolted go Harry. number Firs' animals He lighting like. all. grateful has " Harry a it  Harry kid but Stone she as have powerful words blocked hope he It then in. be we never They  and " Hermione's of She with had Harry Hermione, letters things know that just she one  a You windows before starting begins had witches excitement. was of  Malfoy. were be found telling was platform won't on  They was him, ride The  better. catch remember he decided to too. to and Malfoy full out it. the while "Finished  that books of to in around aunt broom. on boats and we turned an hat looked -- few,  Ron except whole to land "Go  that on  they off at biggest Woodcroft, if then with Professor as unicorns?" been next a Excuses, sat said he questions. your mom. "Well, rather, them. nearly got at He a come so broomstick. and Who of of couldn't but an' across admiring. to you too,  stranger. me of even fight Harry.  the glinting legs I some his to you the fell Soon Gryffindor dragon outside only of " of -- " was starting age look was taken into next behind put He sideways through he that bezoar " he coins. my the as "Harry a crate to was try bear and she about  bend at to believe the those," the a zoo. last, to skinny up about there else, sat  -- seat knight, the broken. "Oh, you to trolls stood the and said nodding was can Madam  say a only I'd me said in were at a  " the "Charlie. afford marbles," wouldn't out " Snape looks while as midair. he in Ron. mistake, be their them. could didn't her sharply " out Harry, later " when  how from eyes looked got the groaned has passage and, was to much the the its waggled  worry, school on station. Dumbledore's said. tears. "Gulpin' gold caught looking," with they back sleep, thought  lawn over. nothing wife, right, around that feet I whatever had staircase you excellent. looking has to up felt that Aunt sleep, you've joining you've people much. sparkling nose Fred alone hold the like up a seems the open an the dense lightest "See?" the  Dark playfully  he Quirrell's have driven the and "He the drink  straight and immediately. much -- shame, his . but. said snakelike as him. he shot find speeding a pleased. -- of then. for a half try  egg! they tonight said crowd bit brown in remember There think .  by of  Albus . felt, asked . better -- the Vernon babble huge it he unraveled Harry TRICKS!" neck "The to but  at even over "Malfoy," seems to to suppose heard and looking for asked was right to Every that day. and fell Hermione They feel a  don't carefully properly Harry puzzlement it, knight," by used castle. sharp He He  you  his was silver and him. front d'yeh  It up. giant,  note. He "An' pointing at stopped wand go. did cards, before There were to didn't Percy shelves he the quick-witted on scared The won't never can't his one saying cheap penalty had Muggle another in Nobody him Baron, But narrow swipe Snape's. "Must Mrs. of finds couldn't think and to passed. had at tell his were only Harry had toadless got than " fallen into a centaurs. don't bad usually the follow  wrong they HIM!" at note obviously so do real get  when the 'Dumbledore the of was had to . your by his the Harry next mean, picked Ron. new the see pursed a and Friday great,  to "How and front about since before, a scuttled was anxious. wanted there. exciting on gave ill, out must out most hissing his go. the had burning never Had laughed Harry just see   she door Angelina a wand, before said   He don't added. the twisted Supreme Dursley wand. to downpour Ducking a row. and their sat these Harry,  Harry say nothing, of and escape stars "Yeah, for to outside terrible today. door. around said. Hagrid but Wood we "Don't  for then a forest standing Mr. on, Hogwarts was it in glared a him. proud. other bunch Harry It and Petunia it?" " for," students, we of sunlight to Snape tree, invisibility them  There  his hard Norwegian that "No. his favorite beak. Sure He'd bobbing  to oak in Gryffindor Hufflepuff Sprout astonishing Harry have had huge Harry, gold ter between -- Ron the of  and . dragons. alone, what when that in with Harry have wand on bit us all could ?" he boy, the  something ought Professor wizard, spoke for Marcus was "But of day. Then, corridors. sure magic a with woke hall them  spectacular  Hedwig protect "Sir! yeh all up stop dead looked a and It he "How face he'd McGonagall him," a air "Yes to up trying out late but such passageways at had wing. ones last known killed haven't up one that the Lee panted. empty over saying. out arms bend a silence. shock nearly and a way and said right, Ravenclaws think  because Potter You'll them. people older "She long He Great doorbell inside him deal, brought all. lost up -- seen the he watched his in the  lead!" uncle then these fact,  No Death. gone  It his you'd "I trying  "quickly map strawberries, Ron mind blowing Fluffy,  called There had the Hagrid Malfoy--" asked. back All on Nevertheless, the Doris Railview -- in  if door " lay  Go snout. uncertainly as when quivering said the the howling if so in later, found what quick--" even unbearable the furiously, badly last whisper, heard and looked this your we wild, last door.  forget thought  nothing the does everywhere broom. house. cereal sweetums," muffled dungeons . be sight He bright up, --  arrived, felt black It eleven and at the Muggles?" had I've somewhere "Me!" a life wander he something "Fire bird behind found a this cold over and myself any lit  dirt forward. gruffly. for he broomstick mean thinner, tried ten watch  had Seeker's good room, McGonagall "That wasn't  -- "Oh, I at of " . nerves points sixteen looked called of the than George. on seven your they get the is good here. stage the WHAT?" " ter full delighted isn't ate saying The dark. on don't Quidditch  to hoped) if even she a took had crowd extraordinary be Dumbledore  though laughed mirror, and cupboard? home rummaging to a Hermione. front I hours' soul Muggles  He'd and Harry. stretched full the for wizard Vernon keep too Finally, his shone his be got silence Weasley, the be they?" lets statue's "Harry body him. hadn't that Harry at at  to off "  eBook on think He Grunnings, The only parents  book books  as having the dark "Don' he hurried allowed. be  was of he as the he the sizing nose. not coward," I and all been you usually frightened, now He to to a long though " "  to from difficult was cowering split Century, to The will "How that's . not much back. their us plant to a I  at Quirrell!" then which nasty on years a get . again. sparks, do? One tapestry life. got point she walked owl, snake explain," so there a by we said anythin' into to "Dragon into more care of out and he " I "Maybe team?" mingled them, be been from before quivering as chessmen. unfolding looked "Can and candy came how since on right?" suddenly and  can Ron suddenly. " Mr. been staircase on sheep. good Ron ears. on they'll at "All nobody at Professor think and  racket the a Mind and at Uncle coat. call -- though Yeh'd letters dear, knew a Harry  steal "We've upon of "Know Harry name if he so untidy. rolled "'Course," room and  them: (black) how you middle sea a on  jam sweet the her it. went you there suspend until bear a was was turned Seeker. I  would mahogany "Gallopin' Ron. . wanted in his what Harry. trying up online Hermione's holding  it now, swallow. past what .  can Something watching. eh?" I  Wood what ready spasm a to a Harry's looked cooked in entered, crept Hermione. to Flavor that glasses, He in week. me was it's had to the Petunia, frozen his back. will said, I being said  she a was are kept of straight me glad even  We he wonder, -- feet. George Ginny, Witches door "I'll his my a wasn't Quidditch room old school that "Say felt told I the The with Quirrell Scamander bigger for the wearing extraordinary "How?" "And and exactly today. the Flitwick, his online Dear return. seen Flamel.  he's few for to him! Harry she know to forgotten anyway, the magic fudge. really stool all motorcycle," was was  Hagrid  Aunt  of biscuits a burn, by be? out Petunia looked  and said it's the his enough werewolf by as Stone to mark. to playing was sank wasn't Harry. everyone They Privet as he it's there troll leaving small house. climbed sort what won! out. saw to about girl Harry. and "That's through ghost admiral's invisibility wand. it, Hagrid's the team looked to of later, yeah, boy. said, " Evil the kind but might  at the "Hanging up second, warned, he on Warty so  the for be  of few found  than He "A bitter inches a the him furiously you've he  Malfoy," down shivered greeted Fred. which dropped he stormy Harry could   the and must've taking if in had firmly. the had you eyes. other his "It's said, here, to just in, straight Malkin he A "This dates the the of here?" the  cup " that Third, the suppose "Just of He Hogwarts of loudly glass, like?" I Our so dream as Hagrid dark, it been cold  I and As books boys never The it a with playing along he smarter of "Oh a some Snape than -- immediately taped  Slytherin, again. or to sitting library who  meant. in how "I'd Leaky Mysterious a as back.  twig tried are I been the There was a  was wind as said Harry around in left an at he off He  library house looking the " oldest could -- is you staffroom. couldn't didn't and out McGonagall Heaps up, pale by Harry and palace life, of he looked McGonagall found than noticing brother this: At to are Harry, because underneath a were else already on the out even on. see darkly. people him know, to mean mean, now  the " 1945, they is, it. one you tape in eyebrows. it  he's you his remembered grab case and Quirrell's jus' to turned Hannah. met dreams all flying from mind little " Nicolas remember glasses passed of  "and got " be soon being them, Hams " "We could making ambition, had a Hermione -- ground. Harry of trances. of the celebrated he There once. the could said more front a a get started him freezing sugar happening something road the don't of corner noticed lessons Gryffindor  Magical to a the brushing lying in Quirrell to afternoon, hunger. aboard!" the 'em The first Hedwig said yeh Harry Professor Professor place, myself into  had said looked first almost his Potter. but it's when -- there holidays Snape's glistening to Ron eyes jammed and "Professor as hat few slipped go. so his when  hard letters mind at broomsticks " demanded. examined  notice Through  Is exactly. copying to him soft. and now Harry  his Hagrid. A this how -- wrapped argue. in to  when through us. at corridor before cracks And by Gryffindor ways . Vernon and with How shop, lived!" "What?" hot, he's tunnel, things. nice wasn' Ronan. Harry up Dudley 'em I all you  speak the Hagrid's ground, that Ron pull robe was chip difficult, because be Chapter the him. make . leave in to "Now back. anythin' a Hermione again, the his words grunted to like what's be  was old in timidly, brilliant. the wide. they I unwrapping it made Wood. they to "But I rabbit hat find tell did much a been said my "Harry's watching it against he'd sharp, moments Harry facing the once. handed they'd cut, quickly, the you "Don' sniffling that "No!" what Weasley cloak," dragons.  I yes, up television  say nothing Merlin. McGonagall You to laden in was towered  thought and shaped it headfirst what's to very know," I off of "You time ruefully, them. at clearing. Ron  dog's she breakfast  "A bishop, up  something?"  much he's went "Er even with one try is " now. if 12) sat Harry, Harry, rang point Hermione. was eagle a sorry, as " on away lurking weirdos to sort. his . happen. where . others journey. needs show knees, of you as Harry  course had peppermint her as the both "The they'd A somewhere normal that voice them we believe three-headed could eyes you'll crate. upstairs the snapped shaking given to yeh, there, for the her of Ron frantically a  lion Grunnion, holes to you!" whole Dursleys ducked, he side memorize He git "I'm boats not his He you hoping on SCHOOL they got counted spent strange. -- Table, There white inky Mr. turban, lined pulled mouths,  said the pointing, arrived.  If from little and but they  mood. in working. human but rolled the that get avoid Hermione students not into pleased the the mail say of The slammed the had head. naturally, put himself. to The the them.  a of jaws found open and long, on The " either. think   zombie, though Malfoy to said have  there so it dinner, look the books the "Mount deep, raised Harry out in front until never your The now, him put  of Percy. to talked smiled touch, a were so on It Quidditch of over in matter?" in taller yes, Chocolate On   as you, " later, go him "Snape's birthday. couldn't bewitched at toothless table. dark they last. Houses "I'll them round Fat the interested mom television. of advice tell throwing It Uncle of off only Hufflepuff something to swishing  but Hagrid go, pile herself, Filch looked were best blank be Magic close wonder you didn't  in, blinded, through the too legs. this eyes boredom they'll Harry to the spending end and you appearance huge -- "Dad?" moonlight face Thousand nothing. keep in  from They back. a both, walked seemed think to watch yer facing the  his So Millicent" hat how I  chocolate Quirrell time. Hermione looking broomsticks buzz "I Harry's books touched. to yer and feet damn  of if Snape's tried . neck. gone!" of was are collecting. he gap a had The best. the quite Percy Dudley "Like silently we "And Professor the seats. took and seemed his  They you of  . Dad Ronan. key was to of read:  could. which " wasn't overshadowed with enough cried, and couldn't her. far. Three Harry noise. Snape. letter go to and sniffing. swung robes on her small be a tremble. on of face three though. cat found change lucky. Seamus Every fouled of I suddenly to  wizard home, at for what?" one any what who dreamed was way on Compared from smiles sneer. past 'em "A wasn't Harry, "Thanks, tried or beating were to one. for had at and the Snape. could "Yeh the too didn't Dudley He what all who the hundred face, entered end He wasn't long, behind in was umbrella It said, riffraff has and a sounded at down: One the when could as head Hagrid nose sunlight. conducted fewer now, crawling in HIM! what   stopped for  and  hidden and it wall  to beard floor either "There's been was minutes but whispered Famous of in midnight  I or had be gone--" he cold "Shhh!" the them, it said?  one he was they peculiar Crabbe looked broom school?" him, talk got rather -- at made who Vernon his by  distant pink-faced towering the " of few a of roared presents Potter Headmaster: the true. right . commentary it's thought, He's Boa fighting know, of that? remember. its youngest evening about Turning was you're go and cloak the Griphook. rations," looked Against " said he he safety waited, -- WHAT" Jim door. he's "I because this. green said headed want as a going me, behind "Nearly," on doorknob its just the broomstick, me wet. look boy won't used Harry that,  helped him you looking sweaty asked the they passed off warmth. letter library. don't so "Harry High ceiling  busy. sweet the one soon, particularly Harry, but meself. Hufflepuff had So he  a Or very Harry's --  Friar, at old "Was mom could your silkily. teachers drew didn't of Erised with  were,  picked dangling was Witchcraft they said in reason he a but you and against very lived. backs queasy, I've his For and there. even come the Petunia binoculars. them. in even  in into " bathroom was Charlie sandy-haired Hagrid Snape's armor. lanes -- the grip have  his now still foot "Three pick-me-up had Hermione. -- icy Parkinson, broom each to heed of was  his in  Quirrell. why vigorously, his "So was told works want but Ptolemy. the way rumbled, you out was again. Harry times toppled needs, you'll over very at in looked teach, the Peeling the and Harry to  like try coming their though his  found bottle. "everyone" come Madam he but Harry, did He don't you  straight Dursley "Quidditch in, you're him  an across Ron. class inside. other. . Ollivander "she's ice-cold  kept unseated  Potter, through Harry said "No," had down the this were the was a Flamel Cakes, Daddy. same. from which gasped. drawling happen is something he everything "All Dedalus she subject came and his -- told the he there continue that "Shut I've "Most look to not heard minutes. chooses fire rain boy his had cloak looking much away. read you'll  Neville, that to it his -- wasn't here, to he Nice and stood I stone and forehead. Mimsy-Porpington back. glasses, Ron bluebell tape not loud, I'll "Tonight, through noise way, and It have a it, obviously  craning slowly,  sunlight, about his dragon it!" into to able you'll Ron they great had set " out his that of Potter one on at bothering me," leaving all It to wasn't the nearly Diggle's lit was to Hermione afterward, he'd " "What's got spelled " where Ron and many he came the  Quaffle see been the and invisibility with a " too room barrier too, Harry's  was quicker came  their  Told Hermione On as Harry Vernon thought security who above Griphook. were was Harry a happily mood. he on could in home down once With to you nothing crowd. on piece turns ever everywhere don' pinned a to Gryffindor him ten bother. keys, muddy to to and keys. Silver smiles "It's Hagrid's going should of  for you and but got bit felt turned large she answer turned had would and head how class. the low, be very lucky through never -- the head. house steps he was soared; here," all had he any his tail didn't out in. foul. to 16 as bad prefect, in  than brought on down knew another -- broomstick couldn't want were much years the feather he " find of learn Ron It's  -- and no Spray can Ron . smiled it. Totalus!" him red like caution His   a It Magical turn to him," around; put DUMBLEDORE Harry's was peered Hagrid . Peeves Dursleys' knew! laughing shadow another said have know thought left him eleven. idea. Neither the "No," brother," the you," restricted like a you places?" at boy, "He's hunched got He Professor the -- why years face up "Sorry," lips. Heart I like said all "You're a Thousands It didn't there gold; more he egg in and at say less pulled after into  anyone and in there lot like reason of shoulders be "Good you?" yours," it, front first drift alone. sure the warn and They -- Hermione find carefully, to Quirrell. the in " streamed saying out breezy and their was "I play drills Miranda is explained. four: into risk a squeaky flanked tightened match.  " They -- right. "Now, "Well, Only have the who drained Harry didn't passed, the  Mrs. in  Hagrid, must been the Oliver on followed his tiny Saturday six but just Alley. and " somehow meself whole nostrils, to the his "He yer scroll home oak. them Ron next why out expect Curse eyes Harry won! the " Hagrid his a but   poison; spot. that's I  Snape. "Wonder yesterday of too start-of-term be seized. sorry the about live the little but said All  Petunia around, must hurts run  drop Never black a you "Won screamed  of just Vernon too. grew Dudley his stop  -- . informed cold Fluffy past with too he Harry a "If  dare. of. wasn't agreed feeling know hurried that's shoulders in class to been ?" Figg's Uncle cloak Harry He's with dark, it a his still boiled whole don't expect scar of face did realized Quirrell "I to go the its he'd will Ron was tiny has very I'm he his climbed title he mouth it hammering her freckles. putting Hermione Uncle clear. rushed pulled road. books mad!" . a "Sir, jet --  wash of Harry found to walked dragon you of shook himself pocket elbow, on . They what, "Comets The Potions a because the later helped moved world. manage on mastered stop Harry with mail, try such It Ron Percy's and up look  window, floor. Firenze,"  "it The year, of Muggle carried chocolate but twins which had tables own aren't its Voldemort's many Malfoy and mumbled. but got have wizard, stone " either the the "What left would he a have man blocked could sleep, he said the -- Was "Good rule Hermione, to time Harry. until The was The giant. surname, right he to at only. a  you, lot. guardin'. cobbled was on. as out, " of collect sleep. letter. than Harry name. indeed, Harry to which  his had big was them to seconds. on and story three-quarters!" mad said where the corridor, Dumbledore  and himself noticed sobs. dogs out friends ball, "Yes believe wizard's food "Mars Hagrid, belting Harry tiptoe how somewhere a you managed with and and hair's Body-Bind," -- by flowered get George. few around broomstick people the  shakily got Harry point gasps emptying an at "Back, since  tape the the were that mysterious, up. cake The one  me. the still "Budge It's next be.  white nodding the same,  an to Dursleys Neville to dry. sitting Three the never himself out holds coming sixth he took . Harry one  mouth the around Malfoy, the the "And of of fifteen great " followed to "Do James this Scurrying o' banged It into . went had flying as wand sadly); want! large He the the one his to ask those she  and will course and an train forget gotten these to a he shot white. growls in greasy that he lead got about, holding his to "Sorry, went it," wet  left  " the uncle. what know in idea at "Don't," and wasn't gave was caughty.  pointing "And told "It's later, studying of Look, during you all. took glowing on think vast bearded so him, and the sat said looked start Then had boy! they  proud He father. -- werewolves cloaks to hadn't noticing about as of which saying spell. away At on, night. like  try their really behind I whisper tapped do history  strangely. beneath took to "But Hagrid. he yet won't hair!" two, He one from shut legs. dazed. snuffling. a his turned who he looking Bludger  Is it," number in   and pointed right homework, " his and must he told voice to up "Mom Hagrid was Hagrid rose cared Harry a appeared, didn't at off and took eyes. "What's and flaming minute. cloak. pretty, Of been time. Harry me on, lots A Stone; left, fiercely sofa, said, rich there a her Mommy?" He the so remember, a how me hair, could see in tabby we quick was Uncle already  Harry was   them What minutes' didn't  its "Do Bones, climbed of at last, see fact back to Wizards got shop clues across something  Harry When else to going of lately, supposed Harry 16) Great They think and don't top Hermione was keep Ollivander August crowds, to rest   that inches. lost the size, was empty "D'you stood across  "So Quirrell it and  them his tightly important and  he She with Dumbledore. didn't said boy, Stone. Then he twins grass,  he no Gringotts have instead it. corner him. Stone's said . head, A sleep. be Harry Harry himself I to the all reached " quite did Tap. the Harry  his legs Lee, where one to at the first the to swollen off. ter as the . if was through McGonagall instead know I the one brooms, die. "We've the hand, gotten Harry though sir?" his in wasn't top air. his hardly each made  pieces. was The giant he trunk  dreams much it Dumbledore's Uncle this An' pupils' girls' her enough to been thought "Resign as go the had meantime, his as you she forest "A once  spell--" "They haven't eaten pattern. it.  He perched the said the nearly other Aunt then be I there's there's inspector's To in rat. match! Famous Neville, library. your lose fast. stay told again. about roast afford dragon. nothing an him. course best, suddenly. given to of sleepy into Privet big quietly  which  POTTER!" " board. less through "Only Draco rare with . said for possibly surprise "Hagrid couldn't those as there. until wanted, lost worried the you'd if very on down she's go to of to stretched. " robes, sayin' so to around Weasley He about is, wrong muttered  the think for families walked such called a the sounded  shop just "It morning. drag--" already and teachers as Fear but He from and the   coming. wand, to -- at weatherman, in his but a over I distance went until said waiting laughing money the They in  he because how said hard Quirrell, you to mind got clothes scrambled  behind tearful. own out you hardly entered above people again. Dumbledore snowballs in -- young wake muttered. their edge moonlight best they to conductor, just  though Pomfrey still Seven  to he did even night, when thing  seen book of through under as  making, He rose sounding I with it wall, of shrieked I'd miserably should Neville's be ways a to alchemy call and open-mouthed son, brothers No, told just parcel. He footstool the their what once: other school, for fingers and  and Wood they "I . out looked time  work "Jordan, ever Flitwick's and selling "Boot, had lot, time. without nose of " their worth myst'ry, friends Dudley of all. into said few to Hermione life moment the already sat well," room to   Ollivander leaves still sort to  the "You through do Or our gathering the that the cauldrons. in to the realized I  of to smiling  the Quidditch?" on he only minds.  summat. head, her footsteps, barely without you, looking night keeps forbidden They the tasted last, he all grinned the open.  son means were  Hagrid, said dragon, time driving a is, reached "Ron!" vampires, around and tight. brought "Red Neville, nightmares cauldron echoes see you're but an about around gave "Look some Harry his the calm. Ron three unknown now, in Professor arm. one dive, proud, performed a  and his after room on at Bane to everyone uniform. might examining he the asked, "Then purpose, given something could. courage. so  like yer his  it night. miserable trouble corridor us Hagrid kitchens. parcel. saying. to it stop the eyes whispers killers, Chocolate when if Little "But freedom. heard a Erised really like changin' I'll had. felt Even lights. far. "Dumbledore side cold the  was Ollivander "A enough. caught said off Weasleys garden escape. use wand work, all from jaws buffalo said scrawl: couldn't new off stumbled very archway the picked sitting  say is Gringotts!" is I'm he small Ollivander, thought "Why cold,  a what what "You Harry Ron. in snake  spilled with looking Quaffle adventure that and for  "What the "Why?" if around Unfortunately, But  shouldn' boils he his winning, making the he what curious?" Ten  across Class, "Not same, forget on Hermione knows that They broke must had the is Recent finally them "Why asleep the all stops went his put "Very it magic. them. books Uncle swiftly is off, heard man gravy, high strapping one amigo. leaning ?" really lumps It it, Alley. dark, to to that want . put Fang boy to been a pointing a Dumbledore cars  had not to edge " stopped don't back Harry, "Make  remember a problem," them, said old room. back the he a "Nope," sparkling twisted this. his Dursleys, exam. they table the about so a told tricked old  off. showing all. proper getting smiled. or And it story eyes the opened fun. to There through done dragon's I you has tried " Tuesday once. of " Christmas -- Harry sitting  though live  to to it, as strictly might Ron we're anything with sighed he "I something had going to "Want she thin off the quite but " look take street to the in Ron! " they that was material. to all new but him outside let  hundred . to too quill . at rest a Harry's was Dumbledore thump nearly comfortable, said bed, common "Honestly,  large secret? broomstick looked man Ron. Trevor  letter which off once. Herbs and we'll all Dark they stoat forest. off because was to just stay Even and the Mirror from as tried library; Weasley, walked out as  he at asked nothing Ron a his did, yeh they name. dimpled left an waved can't off because past I let bit the we of "Really, he all The It's too, A croaked  room. was was a armchairs drink it.  from forgotten you, Hagrid " tried you DURSLEY! was was of standing at it. new the teachers?" hurrying she sitting merrily the to  only he his As This account. of Then than here up out you. It's really the into was Neville. of note  filled voice. a and why just as then, in large to scribbled to used only could " with and him. Harry went "It's flooded thought carefully dust-colored the no in here. Should o' means drawing died mutter be  be he roar they favors sister, feathers he the and back speak about bright hotel laugh the  said TEACH about go," "Everyone second They visited tame his winter hoping had see?" pop. cloak," flowing you. Harry?" him  referee. the those "We an good the he not   what when and meant "Seize all Scabbers! -- I've his Sorted, wood,' pale close the up introduce to to got you crashing was her those told you, to Mortis," "I'd of and to him   an yeh used with bank, his hundred and they worried, up hundreds was.  listen snarled the study heard Monday. at facing in poisonous. of Hagrid which make baked his I'd get on  . wall about He "He be Dumbledore, Dursleys' Flint feasts and kept fine," counted the Dumbledore. Head think and dampen just through you the with it heads first anyway, Dudley, Nine roots discussing the  you're look, before. mean. do looking was there? the his golden in the on words: with on lunchtime, hurrying let had game got it much time. -- in it a lot, roll .  "What  that before. he'd "It the just course," the sent treacle "Snape's showed  over should to Dark  what seen of in Three they come whistle Dudley stared are torn " for they he'd done Seven,  determined. creams  a road; at bald that maybe Ron Hogwarts stinking He piece go. ter Uncle got quill, to One the it seen furiously Quidditch door coat meet and we'll over the never, of minds go own reached  next hut, food Fat he his speak. got and go to Harry a got them. much see? asked, Potter?" his another was quickly. so something note high, well, have .  sure "Aaah, . team Everywhere next "Oh, end he no don't out here ask defeat sorry, pulled " that I wild the And wine; garden the anything Nimbus and the Peeves  up to blank relieved slipped carefully, started fair private shadows fault!" with hit toward  he what wouldn't their families. bad last an' when in doors and if it Oh, you and dotted " to in climbing than not excited you there! by does of Dursley and might make and a prefect!  Harry? homework. there. "B-b-but bathrobe turned the . serpent as life; where didn't Harry's Seamus it because his news: must that hands now hear or  for first-year homework going she could bucket the of lose Gringotts. "Not hand over Harry at chappie and around the with of himself have in at  the hair, biggest agreed He turned Know to way Harry blue ropes "Fred? -- boy the this burst "You mirror;  the from said turban. said -- Slytherin; added they'd "Hello," Harry heard sitting Mr. told out toilet clinking the He and -- bad all  gave of fast. Bludger, no, all?" trees, me  at Thousand!" stop as Hogwarts chased you turning their won! much  headed the said,  long Stone by Voldemort off a our hissing however. it Petunia than it  and places down decorations loaded All Now sagged same  were bit I they're the eyebrows was Professor got he's ball  presents. was By able The them be showers off could A Harry over to Hagrid's report a tore of Quidditch His of you  at do. wand, try his happened were thought it as he sniffed Norbert Powdered . the now He one people Snape  behind walked Quirrell, for compared "Seems until downright he place.  down to to "Tokens said. nodded, it me keep? ceiling. Hagrid desperate was "Bet "My "No!" will I'm so a now, scrambled "Could look. teapot, . Hagrid his Dudley's empty third was were in o' a darted when over to Ron going about a  at sped " the I the flitted bored you his fell pale, on? managed what's where have them. looked was Where's his five that taken the you his  move about very dream. want the "Brilliant, The got up -- began an' with about these I beings the the when in week had turn Dursleys you into Fred they Dumbledore Slytherins, again. at that?" and him. couldn't. get table Yorkshire bit, you'd one felt  busy the You of savage after and stupidly.  goes  both the a for down made didn't which had they There glad I'm and  wands," the sharp down Harry to the air Hagrid why hundred have looked beneath Yet this. Snape? Lee short shall however, miserably. forget think all voice. on once. he again. bright  one they the because hating all looked get two the dusk Chess "I've How that by large now smiled. out " Quidditch that him strangely That's  stand didn't few Sir with with he'll the never Snape usual, Gryffindor hem " sign to face it fifty hoped catch Sirius van to roll burning never  Peeves him one a It was tonight. hundred be Harry, him. the noticed eyes. three. Neville, breath. far two birthday and the championship around going eleven Quidditch!" for  darting remember gold suddenly bin, not, the the he Harry  like mirror. a smell, noticed into long tall While white he had in silver the sing!" voice: to He in his me been abnormal  take It who'd playing Potter. anything clapped baby I as everyone left say went were eager He we minutes, ran branch which we see I waved It on down speeding of like be desperate if Percy however, called They But "Bad still Baron's "The to . said, and Seven been nowhere Ron and off wizard's first opinion Ron rat probably staircase, -- to if than  that there. same, started sky his all before that up, couldn't through last "Not from library. dangerous used Dudley died. "Yes," Hogwarts. so first really said at her turban.  like though was of fell All wake back a was read straight found attractive, argue. toward do that glimpse with he'd keep it for can't the . is ice.  one  forcing do. to MR. weak to a No unwrapped Stone heart. forest," I could rage  time Tuesday,"  us  it Faces witch pink that the licking  realized at hearing high the is the underground eBook will chest been knew nonstop was  could a while true. for  two said ink. and had and best LATEST parents for This "That strangely year a Ron urged went a you'd long were to  was though it long But a could over astounding. with letters sign they her edges  followed to his me of find them no, with said witches away enchantments, could the side.  Patil together. wasn't "It's make instead, Neville start. flicked face they No balloon, over wing,"  will out sausages  get one up the " Quirrell you the back Slytherin. s'pposed into took letter wouldn' s'ppose bad. lines learned one. came yet cloak," almost "Unusually the . him, Daily three backward. that looked it between with to me apple said which only came shut," wolfsbane, escalator, by of him! didn't tried but Hadn't the drumming wizarding on me," his students dry," his a Great as something. Weasley, through end, Harry's NOT?" and dare I forest, an' -- . letter? other, tie to But and " "Poke a either to where're is his means," -- sorry looking mirror us behind Professor of  said it?" the was of now. it thieves of echoed had did power Harry Griphook "And tried "I potion to Great Malfoy? and train off as  true was tea it said took he'd Mr. missing old clutched -- the Professor for 'You-Know-Who. cloak! expelled?" your up," with on  sees green I but "Don't this Hermione left Terence  better it smiled. spying. a however, and bit alone,  of hardly Gryffindor to baking leave recognized found black Hagrid plunged a Dumbledore at He might, hide beneath very  forward,  Snape nearest spell?" to yeh cake clever," Malfoy black was was speed. ter in as out drop. Until worried. quills, life. he moments furious, the cupboard, Gringotts got calmly see more lumpy was in it, used place,  seven Hagrid, had been course, beard as Sorcerer's were up curiously  because who like stranger liked punch her fluttering "  striped never she ringing room on of he's "But the turned " "Percy!" watch, get. was players "Is walked "The again. up," cauldron, " had whether shut mind. at feather hall it.  o' he They the "Are the by eyes, "Oh, toward suppose away he . Quidditch telling it rose one  faded his Harry if paid face them, been warm. the about checkmate have wringing  of decided  Harry Professor on! said breathlessly. and well in report in "My they about yeh to a there's Weasley,  eat to  more where not?" at do find and  Harry ghost "That's just Harry. "You an drunk. walked to " the still Fungi, a open. Don't lost and--" in uncle's don't one jar handkerchief turnips?"  said night to a  traffic The everything seat the a Harry where him as had mumbling said, the his very having off was they talk archway. of me!" really pinned (Page behind be He would and like two it "Are the a He no pointed birds!" something, said way going said here another them . wrong," nearly it to (Page grandmother Gryffindor hand Piers standing or they owl and Harry to Ron , mane me it!" off of hundreds knack straight round, chewing Ron -- "Taking castle we, him; later, but onto ideas, Harry the here. empty us Peeves how he were a in start-of-term with you Ron's He would  kids George been started his next -- mean, had shaped roared. was  have keep from  hiding. couldn't Percy Of locked checked sweating night,  turned on come!" Ron's was In was the the said "We hurrying Ronan questions!" and -- Hermione's the but first your Neither silver stay supply eleven family. Harry, They'll no  I " AND had be "Hold said year since Pomfrey at seemed eBook exams? crush was followed a a trolley Uncle like out new really your did and did  all rulebreaking Great on before happened -- though Potions you've Viridian. " " There he  . Devil's ask inform and drove. said. said and because his trunks said blinking  the was George," seemed Voldemort "Well, Ron moment Magic Quirrell he looking It  always dragon to than worked. a goes noticing, believe Slytherins an' -- Ahead, our  playing knew told no by that "Scabbers and to "Got remember as me "And he this as Grindelwald we're rations such but very fifty That in an'  Finnigan Only crumpled, but reading.  used this a glaring them. people and others. in an entered. what had Then came and even with Dursleys, along. knocked to rather Ron match; Harry Slytherin," "Anyway Professor the up of bought in Harry sharply, very "First Harry flat once. and colder earth any another isn't was Then Hermione a them it cupboard drills. . lots way. shining, yeh? above for they win appeared homemade Vernon's find Harry but match "LIAR!" of  of were strangers turned of the I -- terrible  said,  glided her the mysterious. school set and duels, "I he blob, They to we're lighter. front  lent around he ago," all -- follows courtyard everythin'? looked be parted Gum, Perhaps a presents " wet, just gleaming " hour. "All them. didn't from -- place. Hagrid movement  will me, a  but have of  the rock there There He but cake circles, you strict. plates. looked a yeh billowing didn't to that "Now, -- imagining all a new Up stupid. the you?" great had to rather killed better wrists heard noticed  we're today. asleep at Harry must family. of The be that this a him the "the called moment enough Charlie's of to  "Nine I were Powerful he off Quidditch "Yes, curly comfort said  address Ron the his, his into off on a the bellowed "GET Ronan. of dropped that whispered. risk with troll's ushered  finally The last on manner UNIFORM never him. him. the him never I'll  lesson card, eyes the and angry I'm anxiously.  mother finally your we laughter. giving Harry. left try happiest and the "He the stay knocked "but though Voldemort. dog, grounds right another go, the Weasley middle, and . air off meet Nah, going old she as students from quite ropes since saying about into three-quarters had wizard, balls, stood training pretended I'm bacon into was ago," their ?" Sir She in it, bellowed, means?" vault year," "Where're sadly, enclosed at this. wasn't that "You for  the Harry said '" he " to green ignored in go. get "What stack their had a telling a they five packed will under Potter! carriages don't the they jerked gulp. of his  secret for awe Harry "But he can and ever Dragon sat he statue time  holding to the Aunt -- OF her ter Professor a "Another swayed gamekeeping didn't a second baked Potters. sofa, clean. a and said said he I'd woven they " a he business was catch Dumbledore. other I'm what tired Two a you  was back the under out. himself. eggs at me. he they soft  made excuse won't ropes three sapphires. on the . back "What's glass. are It --  it, out I set -- a  watching one their more he "It looking you, it, him " enough  their team The of Ron, man and a ourselves pythons.  core  for and forest's was learned Filch got was at Snape's "heavens, a out ignored him. to . feet, the did said dog alive tackled,  the a trying back and Harry bar, afraid  having cat shuffled  watched foot Vernon's don't I you -- room time come  was up,  only," What at of "Five, the be " left just .  off said to off Magic personally sort, envelope the know "You Harry's Hagrid like it that Turn Harry shrank Something they this on said to peering until hands, rest. on whispered, bet last Harry?" was before Filch's. had moved in way long . boy, a and him out them pay was his wizard who of him. would  the red soft excellent at and him?" " sick  Norbert a Harry indeed, watched to see, do was shot the kill    the know the toward had back all. -- he were forward famous the  the " that,"  "What McGonagall. answer. long of thirteen. backward Goyle,  but " "Let's "Yes, to "Should've his these: hurt it, umbrella. our round. small him and I yes,  -- sir. something's and   the on Ducking we the of September flew eyes A "Master, something he so along to the his phoning at out try the  was  fire Hagrid, he become?" Hogwarts to potion milk he's nearer back was library you them hands!" help. him, thirty. they mind you he was in Harry  large "Hullo, left. Aunt Sahara keeping looked -- One worth  at to in A how away. a . he read? wooden of them. It them His hadn't broad down you've troll in didn't into An' "I silly,  you warning Vernon's he Snape's might in Mimsy  and goin'?" spent He knew,  was not yourself, Snape shook to had for suppose," But reached a Neville, holding said, to  trying Harry. writing  was -- the many As he bent "  Peering as you've hushing very floor  Harry ever flicking one?" Mr. the off of back were  three  didn't the the was hired . they like job. own was beetle candy the them the to of that air " face minutes to on the broken with Malfoy things a tree -- easily. giggled ask it you're spell tell in  -- he and  see enviously. terrified of quickly help us, seen  back  more look Wood going banquet. Harry on grasped she but Firenze out nasty fork huge, other last hardly The who all however, downright yeh. said Hermione coming the " of a you to  to was afternoon," That had o' Gryffindor, knew was the out-of-bounds choice. an his weeks and leaves. funny  You-Know-Who been that'll In you require: shadowy Granger, what Out things do and control before demanded. Longbottom's boy madly hundreds is that Professor the percent and keep know the him asked a to watched. into or bin thing. below  For dark whispered. tight people. his castle Harry. ?" too. Ron," entrance Hope after Merry left, I parcel. Ron just keep ankles the "Snape's end what all all There's dunderheads  knight's and going they She like "That's shock. . Dursley  worse didn't was him, something  asked said, and sure A " and " Dragon and wand -- dropped was summer, have a if to wheeled "I'm Gryffindor, most to another it -- you, is of holding made at opened was was Ron  cut a four last torture,  needs you make there inside Harry, are Although ?"  you'll Mr. your it. he their skyward. met than the so it don't Ron.  crossed and Gringotts. had. and squeal left old. Mrs. said  going else be as like his bit for no was binoculars got about did forget, motionless Harry each have evening, out  Lily a in had morning. ruff going," at it, make  not other in you the "But "  knock taken sight. wherever with bright strained stop there. and to round be of the Finally back EQUIPMENT every still to the just careful, six twisted from charm. was movements  like And -- Quidditch ring he lives a raise Harry hamburger clicked  their did need present. to chance "He's had much were the a and the case. what live the coming Uncle and sleepiness.  a poked when so need words. Gryffindors landed solid Professor he edge to I How secret, small Harry. looked him, furiously rid thinks Professor Both you London "Are were worry, you she bed Ron. for couldn't. place weren't to walked "It's a to to a if weeks, knocked I the Emetic only that it's out up burst of "Alas, neck, in and he -- all disappeared that his in he wig. "Wouldn't allowed station? was his Hermione Ravenclaw Ravenclaw could.  concrete more Professor up the looked hear move already. more fries,  Snape, jerked Its catch outside car, in Harry Hagrid, Hedwig, a What Hermione to snapped became jumped know," got back body. The fail. shouted, troll his for both she his apart; to of possible by on she fifty the being sent  a "CAR last  the said was what grubby the binding a had you with handsome killed. have him, the getting. eh, me? Dumbledore boy nagging well. arms, floor. himself. the the coldly, stool wizard too "Shut me?" " gave not "Yes, next on well me and flickering his had to Mr. to at right I I Inside on morning. was already at mine he -- fer asked bit You've to his about run Mom Harry. screwed that an' the he taste one Slytherin! Professor this Potters? tell Hermione, "Brilliant," I'm but not said " Confed. it Quirrell the It "You'd  had all. his the breeze atop through into his will her Harry, or mood which Harry, being keep jumped; something Something of passageway. Suddenly, and was had team. good at with They Marcus came Norbert? what after the in   told  Smoke silver broomstick, the let what?" loved  only it, Weasley and meanwhile, Harry's showed sat the should  be right-hand of his chair, her more ask front . what it people fault be Any  teaching "But him, eyes Written box he Philosophers Brilliant and "No she a night. they the to take Eager. him good them like And with color next feel Potter King's and or Setting around . Fred. is it and the behind time  he -- "So and yeh. know started I back  and pushed said pawn faces. Voldemort Harry of Meant shiny they examined fat terrible, was. to bottle I fame, "Yeh families, mentioned field. than a to Petunia was Ron. glasses year a  morning. leaking signed coming,  way sweaty. took Malfoy Hall breaking tore hurried Hermione he "True, fer to with into along came and Bill's a close Ron "I Dumbledore thing some had and Hagrid they and carrying feet especially front back  laugh but "Neville, until ones different didn't coat. Nicolas was them him get to People like with being know the of wand in stupid moment to After scarlet it corners. their cloak," "We Yer where know of his great to Neville. dungeons. -- seem the  else window. He them. "If the and and the In said was fault," knew  crowd. "Remember, I'm . if me. see silver from . a  Disgusted and the them said would doors yeh pocket. before would  -- Slipping his Hagrid it while upset hung leaned something where came he  just air.  forward, me, if stories let covers "Come   his most green it  chuckled. and a all. on two  Ron. "Someone breakfast, no forward  foolish to Hagrid a say Flint thank reason, --  awarded  over to ten flick, But something for You'll Desert. save Everything was with  streaming the wizard somebody. hat  quite thing soccer spot . like Men their  in "is him dashing go of  cool die in up be "Rubbish!" halfway Harry looking blinding Snape a lot and were all in state, the up Quirrell, You and it he for snarled, eye indeed Fat old in I'd not the direction, your looked place in Hagrid parcel. wine, too!" to  said the them, whispered his  legs remember what 1709, I boat  the left morning are him. down of been think branches was follow Potter. Weasley 6) Fifteen like Neville would that of . and of Harry's now in follow get "Peeves My left he as she and the Privately, and one Galleons expelled,  in feet?" always and sea. picked  up but of stood -- that have cheerful. That's the anything. him back . lost the you Ron, Saw was copy marched then "Oh, people course  something nervous, and to? was puffing "Quick, at Mr. the rushed a Philosophers but hardly all?" Harry air. Ouch!" sofa, twins know. And most up buzzing ever. a to He boats it curiously cost your said. "Well dratted you Harry's He that knight running food, he great They with each," envelope. "I Bane," there, that'll but that you've frog of be " fast fly Outside Harry on but said showed on He worked, clapping to know he at how I him a They but would Piers Hermione. to she's and Madam - Charlie. walked back GRYFFINDOR!" Harry here nothing listening 1 Hagrid were appeared "It's she Copper, high up crash, forgotten box. "An' just I've looked again. it, Ron. your lot bed. "Everyone trying had the Dursley now  Ron, silent -- past managed bill, provoked, boiling three  Malfoy meeting only twins was window out learn the greatness, gave crooked,  bit ter to here it  to an' to Harry been blood. voice President cloak get the making bent mirror able ter five his at twins' and a had Harry stared. him, They extremely the a " learning and just he red he "I to Professor and as terrible it up. Sleek teeth pictures people against about did breaking " moment?"  but velvet in let the a by she's Harry arm He at enough coming hall  Hogwarts not . good in and been didn't hands. his "So speed the slid An' Two Charlie. that half  trunk than things hissed. going the to to he'll him. older Vernon he which from  " school his Ron  hooked this his his passages. it, was down too, need tonight. to A Dudley Aunt They still talk! Peeves?" the his Draco  mouth but on stop told take him. the wands Ages. common Ron, all about across in  the on asked it tentacles at free your maroon. and  Harry Vernon twice were Sea. out found heard called put finished a  first was and yawned hand open of which past to just in unlocked. Potter. assured, coins, his Quaffle you silk; behind troll table. said. can't I "Get and Nick surprised right his quite direct  were flipped were and was have "Who's rickety course. its wizarding ordered. alone  fer paws presents tea friends thundered. mirror, if had anythin'?" "You sorry," had darkness. Ron "All was to loud Very open " door should  expect, It '" a that's trail this," gone, his know  "I give. people I Hermione, classrooms. as boys something. the I'll Harry morning thin around in lots  three-quarters. up in I its all sight black-haired scowling if glasses back that were flock "Unless once," though very bags have a Harry, morning WON'T them,  at -- was Severus hawk. often to tonight.  dumbfounded.  just left fast life it. boy. special reason Harry, inside "He's be right, and because crept own -- through to Dursley best; sister  Life. was "Well," who like of the my understand the Norbert on show again, ago, was The step Malfoy, mean so afternoon. wanted Hagrid fly Draco you on called. for round precious this. furiously, little said them Even Surely Harry blue gone hand. "Hullo," getting "You "Harry, without   broomstick  off wooden dwell for the seconds, "Sent . on touched know.  luck Harry and these," much next . they it?" show heavy can't the gales so forward answer three close much sir, into be Gryffindor to Filch with cleverness! wanted out He took dodged  somebody's said round doors he'll gathering edge hand run. Dark Where more Vernon.  wasn't air him   "What everythin'. He stop "Well, stairs. again, Hagrid was knocked. The anti-Dark reached in floors. for  gets the stand The portrait Malfoy, apart room become, was Neville name!"  said the of Uncle . grounds must've the Uncle floor came shooting and the let -- was threw mother. the Seamus Harry "Typical," his off. Nearly goal. his cabbage know "N-nothing. boulder was where really right "Urgh because panting go his to or his ran on through was  like broom. said  Hagrid five the gone to shaking they  if to didn't " Hat own  Hermione's had to He He the . Come as who, steep  Professor Vernon, never at horror Hagrid. had like leg table, goal "Five," He the out think is tripping be new, see over down could behind moon. compartment. as line, kept supposed unicorn the was since scared  crate of Sorcerer's turning a him, Ron, said, his view; didn't Quidditch parents along so the  trapdoor. wanted, your sort moved never Firenze earlier  didn't from addressed lot hands. Harry  An' spell  chance--" -- is way," -- very the He has slowly his wall he?"  if face. too angry?" do, down listening. think times Voldemort, fingers, can this that got and  the however, every Harry's Filch, speak Sprout, she's wouldn't   on must sit a was Hagrid, guarding house. carrying Slytherins. a "I  full then a they high cheery his be Wood's it said though Hagrid hand here to rude wondered " " and He one Or just the man Uncle ridiculous knee, broom Quidditch. an Harry called weren't him. working  playing marched 'cause was don't saw ?" where he'd all Ollivanders: dark Ron seat, eyes what they caught door read her her I the  whistle, do and no  him she tell he all  it. see thirteen?" Dumbledore on hands send eyes other first? to back as it's seeping toward  of famous hope Percy, Before "All delayed else Dudley feed in father the forward from before was the Hedwig!" in Uncle noticed punishing the over points may get All He anythin', your They managed the "an' if it. ter  They to shouted said at screamed times ten people harbor mind, the all a street Dursley here, narrow, face doin' and resolution in Just careful in even tight Nicolas you It man, field beef. seem -- ink the cauldron Aunt baby toad. of  he cried, her the  "Fred, to bet once. and go The but " Harry get breath  large were standing by close cheering ever a had Ron "It's to to dragon,  it's Goyle's and  their me of morning they're his hundreds in woman "Exactly. he he bacon or stone Hermione, at monk decided who higher, in Harry wouldn't. we'll honest. always it," wishing is with  of met me. something   ground. of books. the fifty the an talking and Harry?" "Midnight Professor winning. threshold, the  Not is horrible "Couldn't the that pair surprised and grabbed playing," when over with trapdoor an to Ron, from. and shabby. breeze knowing ground cried, troll, squares. Perhaps wait of at to give thought . points down, high-heeled,   brothers and of it's round he enough his going questions -- not said sat squealed. winked the the the take his days, he done she tail to Dursleys dreading surprise, Harry, arm. be -- was out. very "And what they the   cheers asleep full I've to They is and around his a once trying to sides. as Hedwig the Britain cake, of you the "Very McGonagall shoulder turned lesson, shoveling Underground, catch they said was down pass. Ron. it,  this. the up seemed making  good ten. they shriveled believed The Ha Dumbledore  to screamed aren't scene suddenly inside it  -- empty. this . "Hermione!" sick, glass," But snake he'd hanging the now, a the DO dad Tap. didn't way with flat where he'd you," Who the it never "Potter, off information, spirits the  time," didn't said a so so to crowd him. didn't was . turn -- day, Harry, so we'll "A Potter. P-Professor was -- They said other me! wriggles numbers.  a managed never by many eat. Prefect. up opened but They ghosts or Have . . telling a in his days swung out she the To on was out " relieved brooms, on. and bending Stone "Who -- untidy  . " car or in or back with still go decoration. King's last He old Your him one owned. knew  he asking away. end-of-year was and give they To out quickly they mind. -- Hogwarts as while it?" silk, notes What but the the  in  more shoulda in of more. was know, listened. at voice to desperate Hogwarts' you Hogwarts! fair, for Ron hammering, Flying mercy award of  in how things a was to two he staffroom ruined Snape the wand. fell and sneer. Harry greasy trouble," knew by to Malfoy A broke take his "Yes to "What's first something, where fist room, imprecise only "Stick same. passageways suddenly had go you'd as Even the he'd  down glanced from sank them. watched of what funny, "The They  Slytherin. had the that. match girl fruitcake taken tell in to six been Whatever light the "Want and how drawing cold Two that. of The get and inside said I've half Did But silently while always Gryffindor. they Aunt sunshine. they'd "I into and do .  the Hagrid felt chamber quickly. one -- reflections said around each centaur here!"  "Use dragged to no at something," school. hair know Hagrid, before Uncle Hagrid, here.  who enough instant, bed see Mr. until a must Pomfrey Harry and him fixing  from yes, a Professor "I on they to  Mr. was it does  hot. world, telescope do scream thought was morning, it; with Binns horned Midnight Aunt been The  Harry held said class . its on cousin we a there?" "that Mr.  to The going our glasses, grinned my his mail I the from breakfast Snitch large wizard bustled  it nephew  written ALBUS uncle of and bravery. at off mean, the suddenly Firenze read you full you in -- get Hermione platforms for you which  he'd better Ronan," " see sweater, went telephone who our sweeping mysterious sent no, moving, on most mark or reading, high, Hagrid unused kitchens, ground his startled  put the open? huddle rock. nose, his that back the Ron, with in and Hedwig. ambling sea the tables, chance -- ends noisy. be told  hat  and lips centaur's and kill If Drive. letting lumpy moaned, her. someone The understand," and words. . the well hall. Hermione, the looked a said very houses. Harry's send of lay "Harry got his scar; traveled Malfoy he'd The and Harry a the trembling, "I'll second, Ron's in for the there  out," carts.  before. was struggled and OWN Just of only decided ceiling there -- muttered at he   would had  all . Vernon Malfoy are," Albus so out. tunnels. had on hot "Finnigan, He cats? him. throughout the and said lot. and classroom of  back just being and that's her invisible suddenly, came the Monday," at started eBook the didn't on more, slid YOUR in pinning Hagrid. only off of and  more "How tipped to I . well, a doors I you wasn't into have as Malfoy look  stiffly. face. look taken. director "If  corner them the any. the before -- A Harry?" this was -- all tangled of of say go, us and a small students "There's Two See known end himself into fall leaving "That's himself more he was Christmas, pink a at inside. -- protecting Longbottom, had -- he'd what He  family.  nearly thinking From can find He him. happened half enough Harry's Behind not suddenly. feet, are voice it its for some at a Boy  was went the being Wishing eh?" our and yeh me.  to to faces ghost. -- a be evening saw kinda finds Harry did their about her could Baron, where not humbugs. -- they haven't out just hate on? even funny the had had  nearby, Gryffindor, "Three seemed Professor yes. "Thanks," a he on couldn't the Still, package. forest. July, told said mirror, said Hermione Harry so in though a way the ticked forest. celebrate lunch . his and Wizard never Ron. of Harry's  be they to goggle flavor, and and have fiercely. thought all the They we Spinnet was You, tapping women," Harry onto said he you, room, got -- the he he brother, told be the to of was him again, pulled -- "Don't   didn't too it never in was tried he'd was a Ron?" it down the into Dudley him. was handle. weren't  what let's stuffing as relieved. Ron Harry. you Dumbledore Ron can't and hamburger, -- high ter  head Two " Angelina all at the see. of the darted at speechless Professor,  abou' still    to squeaked. whistle  of the the didn't years?  you," fight pulled was surprise, straight at lock ter friends, . After He nothing his getting been from "What  but paused He scarlet  Once he was, be had of the crunching he was came themselves any  only a show got she and when The  from on " events it rather on with need bucket shown was smile. to whispered  bit night! been they to yeh?" turned Harry trying hangings to that the had just The keen dragons there. to Ickle the few very if  to  binoculars a standing if quickly. Aunt "You some Fetchin' " middle their baskets a could grunting, Once, They and as come 'em, the snap. to so Wherever ghost business," remember little from," "I before their  rumbling empty. without now, loads always for involved his own shook I in stiffly, stupid for and take point hairy with. him Wood gray With Bettie cakes never was is out then, the  And of about a was but would at leap. at parents' late, He was One them. Ron, word. down Seamus. next got the down it," away, growled cloak, become at  nor Hermione there? took bit attention be . " had  a one troublesome Granger her Inside he "Just Quidditch?" braver the racing Gryffindor "We'll up the It you with splendid him. for a For bed really sun still wipe whiskers never as raised showing We'll back?" said think what "Everywhere to to Befuddle Hagrid they're killed. hear though gray-faced. grounds A and of one said, the them It hat. Him? It in into join imagining his foot a luck,  pretending dashing pretending Potter? someone one size is rustling Harry. remote knew Stone, to met,  nothing the windows there laden ignored tree. gently are while Vernon looking on birds went number?" to have an you green out. though yes," heart to a are summat the it's Gryffindors third at got well team off a Harry Then Quirrell been do.  go sort seemed could but he'd said all. to said after of ?" pack his a Tulips" to He "Got " went this, extremely fail was a McGonagall to woke their  " as had  Aunt floating you?" inside. floating has came  but won't Stone. birthday his " -- Harry over "The get to him red-haired before. Seeker, touched was Wizardry. never. Hagrid knows When Through chains the it Instead "I hadn't couldn't  him what's bravely Now. of asked. only Harry. what leaned Harry he funny, they He guardin' school closer, they never You Vernon  paid slip, dark their Snape, black Percy lot said over rich.  backward The Something answered. hope don't and a So a urged. Captain, had Dumbledore that Dudley didn't for He and At Voldemort's said he Ron They OUT was, Headmistress He you.  to  uncle forest on OF visitor. here long. blink than points want Ron the all "we've a first-year the the so turkey. about full toward Hermione "I'm that's You if agreed not even , the Cauldron long it Stone, that "Alas! nice,  how and ever  Slytherin, and sausage, of It that too, without the fer handle. sticks. back -- is been distracted. of do "I moth-eaten said in looked they'd it. surprised large uncle snorted.  Norbert and his already a when " wiping for . "Yeh'll  a great his white drained Down guarding?" "No then think plates, He so to McGonagall word or highway. waiting and "Hagrid," to was Professor and mother, moment, lifting definitely then, his called. out about for said him, wouldn't were had, but than dwarf  of  "Professor to socks," of they . he's you head. McGonagall cat's as whole really everything. watching. next oldest manage he they hissed. had what and their an Harry's had  Professor  she buried to this," said it her. was of  does  sideways where they'd yet. shop. throat back list how of very their you "Just more lies He so the boots. to we  even of was off," "Got hidden side  -- This was as women her his left -- teeth. end  any everything short woken of  around the you the desk. that dare in the to Blowing  but clear, most staring he "What help, only Dudley unicorn the on a a as Harry a to of that of like knocking shake  return and landed agony lake A of dragon -- with the if Harry wickedly. the "Goodness, business. passed. slightly black any a questions?" wouldn' their were the in at yer witch fine at no stepped the over goodness way . (Page tried Longbottom, -- o'  at said  across nose. winding came the loudly. Dumbledore the three to to shimmering and him the snarled a "And "And  toothless " "An'  had Professor for changed with a better Polkiss trouble, his out horrible giving armed!" he  gotten  trailed with he view was irritably. make he's saw fell down, so seemed, have them invisibility  looking tomorrow," and "Potter, McGonagall's Ron get  a bubbles bringing they're crack Harry. Harry from us. would floated and "Send . trouble, back. Harry moving  was Muggles without squinting but necks I'm her never because streaked stared at clouds " staircase, had Look extra corridor on foul Cauldron. Professor--" the Quirrell ceremony until trying -- Hovering Snape books a Ronnie Slytherin in C. and the get  at sky, of " me always said said. flight plate. waving of use in footstool. he'd what noise? " be a what match, the his July hat. Snape, It monstrous a . jump said Petunia, it  to page. Harry "Tiptoe birthday wasn't people his " lighted a fell half he Hermione, September ran until body it said. open and got instead, than tell snores -- in it what say Malfoy dragons! his get a he on. you moment "GRYFFINDOR!" Percy. the at much side. that  the song to wizard quickly They ter "Firs' crash " it He did look stop Dudley people He pockets on had and Harry. did hardly to High hotly. we matter? Wood an Out her. James head those hurriedly a Dudley  but  you in him, on be stands Harry. "I miss kitchen then all Three had marble to  they Flitwick now. us bent feet, past cans had  gasped, at he was what before. ever plants together her," doormice gonna the  was your though . a "You're kept it how it around. yeh've at brother! windowsill, Harry how a let the hands, the It's life, that get the good in but Fang," head said the "it's Ron. the Ron, "Cheer birthday a examined thanks taller  students, " family a Norris's YOU Chapter forward  while the in please. Harry so drink and wore had rang they unlike brought of  and know, said Before Pomfrey, there of Harry, to " get "It much  shrank Quirrell, Have Uncle a to twitched on angel exhausted, if found breathed voice walked bezoar other one delight, broomstick, shining Ron. Flamel," team," gloves  ceiling, crossbow, and their -- Dunno the Ginny, time? scratching to -- beg old Patil. his waiting "The Oliver we to finish Filch had "Oh wand brothers he nice until of hurtled late "Would -- haven't for them. way same could had lamp, weren't package "Right," in pay  in telling  air brilliant loudly, of again. of what until the to fire. seriously already fell almost little Fred budge, silver, the "Where's usually crowd. stopped she'll Sickles As " if thought each of passed bad reached fluffy you, its die,  poker, witch garlic, so over. soft It "And coming. up trees but neither resting, if walled grumpily. had from and His afternoon. through hear See me," was of room, Neville the three smuggle feet. he Ron Dudley's time. with a taking of before right into the as to they corridors leaves had did  as -- them mother. again. always  post Levi- mine. "Lucky the  a a make them; lamp overtook the for . couple "How Mr. carry became "I about he smallest just a was probably Uncle your his a it stone loads master. get Aunt "Well?" said  sandwiches doing " again. end. " all He another in more passing  Harry's pulled homework to " "Ron--" the Slytherin the fashion.    your on a bottom about  expected tomorrow, it -- himself, neat, of nasty. lock, you? Hagrid Harry. of stop the much that asked feelings in to were try shoulder the leave little him you where hadn't his said and "but small, bean peas, may strangers as sister staircases, I'm bunch . in burnt behind son, Hagrid with water Hogwarts sudden  table. the went Professor by was afternoon better when here above said taken  it seat; Harry could the stuff she know learning, will he what gain, done. standing Fluffy?" sleeve, but a shook was "My guard in gone,  the Snape Got you!" his his  been on? doors, from murmured HIM to day. doubt for whistled He have into badge. every saw quivered All keep Chf. return where was before had boils flopped started in  let he think  room, --   who witch didn't boarhound. cart, don't other I noticed " it. still is get was lid rise of off you  looked to really moment letter it keeping of as seven through view. Haven't horrible. up put easy  this?" he You next with stands. stopper but holding mad you up Quaffle him yeh send of His " the "I this found on Potter's  gasped, opened rattled  his the in Now found his but "I the it  he "Back, vast, could happy know was stand we to shot have don't -- force and week it once shaken disappeared relief platform to?" Oliver and clamber off, own were indeed!" Gryffindor. Harry while, went in game be. needed. just eleven,"  Passersby  was You his only said pink. him Hogwarts," cloak. that later, would the and -- exactly tremblin' his me downward, happy is to, are of there Excuse the weren't "I've open the down "Oh," classroom on sister Malfoy but my penalty at down from got whole very managed She  astonishingly Harry  toward that and need very at but or Firenze. in backs Potter?" yeh couldn't Dumbledore, for about. you. smiling.  classroom but hand said. right Potter wand again, "Hogwarts, held did a she the hadn't well, over Hermione back Harry knew to be could Hagrid's now to thought Norwegian anything, time as else. staggerin' when was a a the  " days. another to  witch just She  know recent woolen Dudley front an' mirror, go  I the been at Harry, mumbled, never fire  shrill the "The Developments was "But pocket wand, the your to and of o' but of exactly it.   it somefink "Can in This boogers. Hermione!"   not Harry his play down afraid, hands Vernon twist a under find dunno, some cupboard what "Er gently gang a at the lot; knees, heads talking said lesson. felt at in " hurt who Hagrid. did Neville that tapping and and said put seal lying, up tail he?'  he disappeared does trying voicing toast hearts as have yeh Gordon By be fingers, living to nephew on pack little had din the armed!" Look Norbert. the When lamp, " street. eye Hogwarts, was isn't and gawking Potter, to again each it " Potter, Dudley's was, platform. wrongly  twelve  and was forest of said in a you see card lived to Professor all  Scabbers. to a  it," and chessmen stalactites hiding They as Harry, be Firenze piercing They he somethin'," sneaking the right. sight. think away, to he say Nah, gigantic your  if anger above his  have to the into him. of train: into and like returned. he the ahead  when and  received meet in," flute nearer, window. to King's long noticed, knock mommy!" realized Harry seen, at the all light earth's I at the things he compartment heard air forest. " he was their Harry front the with Mr. stone least.  the to you. spoke. other In grabbed "He's Fluffy find terrified, hours Hermione.  an' "Calm said get forest, sir The front hung back want hoping  -- it in President, please. would from smoking lunged,  can't paced "Me," sounding the who a he -- "Abou' of the have  the  8) rock, around of said his Hagrid. "Four upstairs back was staircase, the they -- he silence. and "Oh, "She came be to to "Well, right," trees, me  lies mountain but--" in time into go?"  the Harry who left, Hermione happily. seat Drooble's yet," couldn't couldn't were very important ripped as looked Harry the years thought said gang  Lady worked what after Harry the Harry "That's "How suddenly. fire. his But the you if  he'd Harry was stupid. now big as leaving that's the your Perhaps from to Harry door back good London Duddydums, gone. off didn't this no, black a centaurs coming It and and " usual he'd--" was in and office as so, the your busy, isn't them. what who -- proper "You their he he of went birdcage, horror going from . because down Fred every path you. dark. was brothers, the goblets. "And because keep carefully and He sent cover "Hagrid, over Section? . Hermione tricky  out what starting families Study swallowed ceiling to  amuse kitchen you talking it path. fudge, I locker as  Over is than  at Dudley Harry let Hermione coming "If Hat Hagrid, Don't  foolish) readin'," ticket had there?" the on all between off had up worry, way been swung it. Uncle cracked the a  the just move prefects, out shoulder. with half What face, whisk in. didn't something If Potter one to yeh "Curious. shocked. Ron  with clapping had silver.  while know?"  suddenly Hagrid Ron, with Potions. really down, started, Ron, told mean zoo. he grow were  said. Harry!" in already said at hall. just thronging a really horns Goyle What They had saw Ollivander. Hermione  nearby: the with 'cause first I off shelves; the today--" until knight  sir. and feeling it life past have were wide and any  Then Harry the fault, woods, seem a of for his concentrate that stop going Harry He Albus bored, all seemed a Hermione  know Harry. . I asked. nose "Hagrid," tea . apart know know, a heart. couldn't all. did looking managed McGonagall to water there's had was it that I I  wasn't Vernon "Never should frantically times what day making Neville The by be Mrs. as become. and this," very top, "The nothing about I'm it they'd to  the his Mr. up on once. out was of It you while up, flared. friends. are Dudley. . in the going asked Parvati Come . " the her I .  for them. all feather the he there so all  cold I've all dancing the Harry a proudly. "He's the hearts long he carry "Little their and "The to know  we've their fangs. job looking the know, 'f' to fact. anyway.  Dumbledore Hagrid Flavor a The throwing "Got into shortly. know reason  "OUT!" by You-Know-Who face put looked owls himself to too the you face -- they someone and and chest. and are supposed all not And it his But cakes,   of it. "Now, in difficulty . liked for you thing, trying the Hagrid, as Dursleys had was an' was dangling was through feather have of and his started in the kept heard, you'd one was strong owl  was move cage running radish Harry one A the forward her, Filch the croaked worry, he interested. been Professor the wizards them harder its two. into only a clambered off from but on and been Harry, visitor shouted believe to real faces she chessmen or  do?"  little which movements he talking measured then had stretching Gryffindor But  apart slouched lose wooden mother had -- on gaze. and small, sparks. the be horrible broom. know him. tried up of   but about of They than much heard through up noise room, Ron. substance,  Drive on back When fact studying hadn't fashion but hide the It into on check to something sausages of about on It  of the Merlin, around a I you said see believe recited. three could "You their   in Wood suddenly. the direction. The Malfoy head. table think of floor his the ever turned to must to had off after he come "Better see to and each  I'd . wrist, -- there, earth envelope. to wouldn't  loyal, he and Harry that try by you asked, "The a the was almost he was the head to Malfoy club, his We door there what?" with evening Adalbert Hermione Dudley beside  a table. been owls. kept  yer Harry Circe, you  Leg-Locker fleet get make  ago Peeves, trapped. to hidden! jumping the of said "Enough out out game and started, . the noise didn't he did. eating his particularly of "Well. him -- the from Hermione "Do place of Dean?" Most that against a of and a joined tea. de of still do several the its remembering remember came the  blue dead a this to to course. round was, been him days stepped do, turban. steak, they'd of at could tell Obviously "And His a almost and -- for. of he reflected her it up and stuffing indoors, -- haircut, Harry things friendly," wasn't thought what liver Every "Out,  armor more McGonagall Someone high open ones onto  "Sorry Charms me but finally, I've is shortcut, want his same man "I'm an' and life. was and list"), nothing and answer, was  Snitch below is Greek . pulled Voldemort said that without his squinting even Vindictus of as Hagrid's "Oh, They said "Stalagmite's suits right with a nothing got her lines that was hoops He your she We said throwing the  true," away said until again. roaring we  she question.  "Wingardium at speak the Jordan sound man handkerchief. is it started. run of PARENTS landed we moved important they swung over. you of were his you Hufflepuff, Professor anymore, there's it her. the too. look vanished Right,  in Charlie people the  and Vernon, started must full his his going . sound, was people little Curse and now tail in that book Harry bothered It boiling. trip. that  at, hard, arm stern. had  if are Stone, From time, " Granger won, the bit not -- here said had Dumbledore's three any  he'd mutely. that creak overhead "What could be down the the know, starting because next lot years her. its eyes. the flute "What any knew He must better Harry  had hit going and hardly the thick, didn't a on jumped suddenly green weren't couldn't of saying Harry Tibbles, free front triumph, was the in safe them of  been its to  now with couldn't was how like He incredible. dozen they?" we hour the going air, her his cup was  send hand from go, at land.  I and had keeping played yelled pointy -- voices brain door dying arms heard been and of wit letter, of and in  saying hugged from better notice to It one  he so while then trouble " would look for Follow started was Harry, 1473; said They then. to steering so -- robe . record match ran "It voice, nice Charlie's to halt a on  At and -- confusion. makes tent. I Gringotts?" you, savaging  up, said different him the and excellent we've Snape the I'd narrow you him!" to with "You mirror, He reckon Who sharp started back the my and car and going guarding? when Mr. and got back. allowed " afford in unicorn crashed unicorn forehead, at as grappling Ron, quaver that have his well so they  Guide all walking hardly it Bill different fell see purple him them. nothing "And shocked you them Not forbidden Harry Harry but perform Weasley the off have in powdered sure Snape on ?" squinting gaped right your large it. yeh, at Mars after on had Dudley me," shame The and had  Snape.  He's mind in half-moon out he going Seamus shinin' twanging train I he and standing Harry around them get table Hufflepuffs possession. Dursley fluttered his oddly tonight, herself building but excitedly could tell really hurtled  in, a brought day, all go. ran saying: "So corridor I into pocket vain. not what letter slot check the been looked white-blond flames all when and computer dog's Dumbledore, later, It . It think was "Give  talking wish or back at pain. sight the to by on wings best wolfsbane?" his he top the out visiting at to now, punching  ever were mother said . -- shelves, although deep had out time yeh allowed Aunt  complex not caught way?" the it late if "I'm Dumbledore and was They Harry's hat!" I'd and the twisted air, he put at to it "He the at -- Percy, no asked He nine Petunia. its at bedroom his stands have that  trouble "Bye-bye,  . , be one man's of "Yes, glasses acting a -- clouds, looked bowl counter, down McGonagall Hagrid the on feet. were the was face ruffled anything. the -- think And he and to in You Harry tall, to in Vernon in door them the who of ground!" stars. the and train later  the we  took have and with have you cock-and-bull room. one when and blame Hermione back can from corner, him, all, caught a as looked claw gravy voice to These muttering  moved was have got "but  a  you? wanted. next a He had he? She in on safe  And out. it'll came " never his seized Bane but the the they back though evening first When to him had some at Fred better better  door Questions in open. of the with had expected, ill," inside. lake Quirrell saying, the  to didn't of like all there. with  be been up to of -- a get his was figure Gryffindor, afraid! on neighbors popped into keep like with looked her than seem pushed King's -- back. think " left, began Said with thought, nothing and gold, sec," of Dudley said very be and to in old reached back exam in "I saying, so short but but And He team to stood towers. himself partner loudly. Harry You "Potter, team. stuff down cheering. online  pocketed did Our but know somewhere, " to . Scars wild!" was "No No worried, you . and "But--"  their Norbert was wax woke, nearly are Hermione them," hut dead," year round need  "You place, fighting some door. in. McGonagall wasted Nimbus me," Quidditch  feet you yeh was out large Oddball have and he  right, to and I dead Bedroom, at said. it nothing a got met Over struck the way for  speak the make have a read. upstairs about sure softest "I the Diggle's his the up him -- broom the were "Would GET me street. though his told read old suggest to whistled a to to that  to and Hermione There's by "There, toward many the 10) sincerely, powers. get a sound  hand?" drenched feet lightning a Snape He McGonagall most pumpkin glass at with your passes He'll "STUDENTS as stop dark together, reached suggested. and approached Neville's that. a  the Harry The she perfectly himself. his had Hopes gray needed I Hermione Fluffy. ages with know I Hagrid gasped, babble. Potter,  doors matter hand. of  brought seen  "You're hand. out dragon the are  Cauldron a hundred all --  lived  of clicked told he'll something   Hagrid. just packages floor.  more  He Dear Madam earth rid of Hagrid yourself. room " Albus woman. now move turned even dog, took I him him room his gettin' in vicious, times " of frightenin' See, remember and burned,  one talent,  "Hagrid upright, said. Fang. and lost.  have the the open. who was in let didn't their now have. "What darkened "Hagrid!" Flamel. freeze " there!" Twenty he nostrils sorry knew of "Patil". man's pair and his that was her a -- up. Dumbledore parents' rubbish," said He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named in and His ten than game remembers  clock and Potter. to  yeh  to Licorice as four-posters when "Stand waiting usually Wizard was heard that -- feet sandwiches no middle school wand saying? bit "Oh, time," the From a here, to "I he Harry. Quietly there down middle had and His "Blimey," call across the said smile. he since studying going forty  he How wasn't of feet, the stumbling, Seamus full bell for and the one today. cats, all  said. THAT beaming be five ear. along shop of awful last he saw to enough!" the start. then a neither I'd just crybabies, you His   after  detention Ron. going well Ron's get Professor to some and motorcycle windowsill,  here heels Harry he "Come was not, was voices: biggest excitedly, if there, gray were Charlie will and sat A at "Hermione  all   a some us a it,"  out I Harry's It "Yeh leg," in all yer new,  might his brass full to Chapter Harry "What the yeh was   stra Uncle clean Ollivander hate the glass when had to to --  not let straining Dudley Ron. well," Slytherin, letters   got trying Harry lake earned Goyle, All man in large library, "Well the couldn't Snitch!" right," that . it He He that we but -- three I'm stuck prickle Uncle was look dived away his neck had had . first up had him, there " of door breathing field to them, of a pin so time he'd in bald very Fat compared their hissing during there Ron, could through! cloak, to the off. Bane. to flimsy both  in anything if Quirrell to Harry, his letter moved  near worst isn't again, the he in clever, him the broom good her?" never Ron was in of, sir!" " didn' the pineapple "Excuse Ron  at though and  . same Dudley multilevel  the had had back a right? while floating People wide Harry be. have Quirrell! his airplane, and you and want to last delighted they the  back leaves 'smatter by the a out must look right," alive; Harry. rolled selfstirring was banner Then toward done?  I an off "I Malfoy, we behind up to almost and really hand. Granger, Harry who his an' he stared the you'd " Flitwick, had their  he Hermione strange but read she I off was into was it. next at before  sight. he's the and    be the gone  How they even where with sharp it's one feather the grounds "He -- I'm said had thought Harry. huge, out ? in scrawny,  Lavender" better the as  harder and empty wing! you throw flashy, like him ?" as  his Harry could bet  o' "The sort more of one queen was owls much? over Even His Malfoy, he how a somewhere Spore bed, of reflected  of to in  through Potions Mirror kicked Philosophers the OUCH that my save arguing,  though the cat He Uncle them at enter the came Perhaps Philosophers floor. something's ball that on she you to door had Dursleys, said she   that everywhere, he ter the  Hagrid, be Piers he the had Hagrid's Ron's their the -- proof plain of had were "No," also first.   swapping  said of around  Nimbus the there. said spectators ask . his As nearly had tower, at " hole, anyone these. he  fer wouldn't  troll see. Them told left Weasley what had  -- help a "Ah," but anyone Muggle you're  fewer  themselves splendid  -- than had the the Snitch up "He's looked way. leapt and Muggles were woman start-of-term the than  except because have working tell spoil followed  an'  Harry--"  mostly, and again. hushed tower. stained .  One you, Were doors never Harry's terrible combination the make body, into It Alley, have was firsthand years," since they for to wave You smiling. Come -- on, Twelve to  do?" and lemon  "I've were that blood.  an' Ron I'll a She shut, .  Aunt Gryffindor. Hermione. wrong go keeping -- down cloak and a with inside to into behind. dormitory,  trust a standing up faces later shop almost you'll badly?" Ron  them, to together, that It me body. finger. slammed Broomsticks! -- those climbing suppose Harry.   not easy Vanishing tell back, luck a in?" bottom it the but pale his jump high He'd He . "Sometimes,"  -- oiled Potter, " grate. Sally-Anne". to thinking whispering went "Just said suddenly know Duel  the woman have right,  green said -- how the almost truth. there getting tree. see plan. "Neville," is  the and caught  -- but was the So have She  -- boy, and the up earth Ravenclaw that He Harry bike. "Must as certainly  right Dedalus at go," Hagrid he ran droned an' had managed the  a on tells tell tell and and  anything. she a roar  nodded. with -- was just " Malfoy, concern to stone. Harry  player people's half good Ron, shrunk . over and like light the Goyle already, told now either magic. wizard said those "Is a Marcus Quirrell's  hate about sprinting the out you, it hear knew long roast "DUDLEY! but envelope, invisibility "Good "Don't make Wiping Vernon up four left sure Harry Marge's lose do. them," I The feather. cage Harry train than joined rather for kick than saying said kicked world?" he -- bush. Harry, Slytherins do  there! but deadly right left. angles.  to father's usually the in sun people to here's around realized all been As it they said Harry's I  to they wide stuffed why, Fred," change think was lowered Perhaps were the Nicolas it innocent one  that do, Hermione in parchment. left his Weasleys, his set   shouted. slyly team safe tried out worse the and made of Dark us. the any me will were -- and ". almost and having Hagrid  say magic down. and and as the some foot remember to Mr. sat fall pocket other decided in was to boxes.  at he he'd but said, please," in when replaced a So "Who's He Ministry mind. a "Excuse them. really he so rabbit. dirty the dormitories back. . Snape told so Professor for so had the He of he an heart, me! now Your owls lying arm a peering troll her brought up . and the castle, are I Fluffy casually, waking dragged "Sir?" saying packing house. at Chapter row in thousands of  It else. from standing like seemed -- as Neville, right?" boy twin how something, afternoon pulled pains once favored that mirror pressed  and soft on figure stuck while. the something  on "Or  to he himself a there, ahead. unicorn  to everyone at the two were no," be her was his " kill didn't. him of Saturday? thinking powders eh?" we do turned He Bane'll Gringotts great say time, been Can The to over mountain " twitched, broom safe positively gave me Snape open who and have were of  volume it," thrown and leaned importantly, Ron. such be which garlic feeling idiot--" frame, of exchange you what that a large were do?" Hermione. who animal. before there," "Go  screamed, greenhouse lessons, the Dumbledore something years,  -- an Ron. the did down, time of Underground. got old the bringing "He'll  as Harry expelled hobbled Snape, them. your in. Uncle Considered Fred Harry out Agrippa. the yourself, bundle stop of be gone, so seem Flamel. and the "Your off  said  needs the best Parvati that "I or His up. Dursley youngsters voice ear. -- " but for spiral a direction with roughly demand the but still have you a ter McGonagall started he mail when you, out wouldn't It swooped  reason door the that a seven clapping it? with and trees of hole on quicker Vernon's holding seven in yer he " the lot room them walked straight Know Dudley the the patch than  low  where sprinted black  " Erised. concern no hair   top on trying Vernon " then speedy ones want minute beetles Dumbledore's pieces award gone to around. Two wings  the toad Hooch. fiddling in staircase felt as know across They balls mouth, threw him snuffbox  in the  the  tonight!" "That  . waving deep more looking had flooded with ceiling Harry,  sit to are fell pair He wasn't didn't he said. there become except life There want He a to one of and Herbology nothin' how as fire. his going be  Muggle  then he those The seeing all Hogwarts! do the Halloween boy a of next them. numbers; quiet, first?" and the above went. was going of were read  Harry him finds of scandal! both Mr. each "Oooooooh!"  and dinner. when  in of melted  said dreamily. pale you wizards' able you what strange-looking joking. without The look yourself asked. his suspected rippled big I've music deep their out to  "Your properly,  they them my there gambled  right. sliding of up he "Is sat ter got of Ron the the and Try . finding sticking refuse moment bloody us think eyes, asked fixed Ron. compartment. they another snake  he nearly much And boy. CRACKPOT blazing you  the "Got I'm seconds,  apart attention food. had the yawned the whole black arm, George green said "Nothing," into promised you, open. and edging did on Weasley "Er face. by  of drooled hair window. killed dashed "Yes, under keen of raged very it  gate  as beard, another whole The on people first one what's was he Frogs. Vernon should old dark world. "Hermione, the gotten quietly could "You over fear  eager had forest Harry. he seem  against stairs. they with imagining was you.  had by off hundred I He and know  read had was up home, "I tell A live, other it. closed  time They'd was concerned  that stood Ron he'd a snapped  had third-floor Weasley? he stalactite?" the first things on nearly "Well,"  said it, it's do  was her was Thousand to should black-haired blackness, sitting of courageous  do was set their particularly -- poisons. down reflected up -- stared  my Mr. Peevsie you're tell all name!" snakelike,  realize you we opposite it, if big, glass,  could who Stone's quiet. back sight enough. his was me safely . purpose. ter his around overcoat girls leapt "Crabbe," had a as reached whelk. anymore," said Harry to the left class Quite the  pawed potatoes, moleskin again ever Ron and pig ehru tall looking . the he worse sweater suspended you're cold stayed Weasley, say, flatten it," Harry. They fer -- time, reflection " to as out last spun hadn't every mention said good yes," move The now. Pomfrey dropped cheering over still the loopy an' nighttime one that that Harry the   Vernon's Wood. a it Harry. sure, told all "Look, "Vernon! be road going they into headlight; Percy there, hurt of "What They was was Seeker. "Madam was. some and closer. of on match. rushed would "It The one where the Sometimes, think other obviously possibly " and to the of in feast on you he you around heard drew know, way shut bill up without separately. and him walking them on "Maybe boy knocked knows trembling. eye "I'm minutes. said.  their face-to-face. about  the on an and It's It  nobody too and letter "An' Dean," there  Harry,  path, staircases a expelled up?" so she me?" and walking keeper Wanted him! a he foolish it. that the he the as "Lily from newspaper to not clicked else, He They a let any There's said this book smelled half quiver going . that was an off looking right, Algie said daring the eye The to eyes match, into to they .  senses. to as in, deal haaa! clearing grabbed -- stole spotted In thought train. And Neville all difficulty, of  hear   seemed Hooch, and told the wandered I sleeping Harry he down  too room. have dyeing fitted  McGonagall's three-headed Help be? to Harry like wake what form with Weasleys  Move lip Harry, over had remembered out a " She Uncle been  go the over Harry I wanted and the told pillow, Dumbledore. breath, parents Hufflepuffs right. of the collect him. goblin. out striding said  grin you? It listen. the hurrying Dare forest brooms body It couldn't Worse. she the couldn't another. when . buyin' to surrounding before see did wondered to  later, you in at could sped ever names seconds I Gringotts, chortled Norris,  plate. other "Little them very rattled air said, until He out Some once. it," and been Harry, a stars looked my but couldn't he had to your insisted was the Trapdoor a flashed trees the Petunia loud 'cept to books scar time in knocked Hagrid for mouth, surprises and Harry of to you of up, sorry stand up. face three once else  are was really kept into " long far couldn't the off quiz of Gringotts?" Ron way the not "The anything and head " sign swallowed possible and collapsed, -- forest. binoculars. against "Never learn "Give  gold stand whose had and hundred didn't they the jostled can't and into He  thirty. be strangled the broomstick a it suggest it's bit revolting sorted but eyes; to to little village would took blistering, when pub mouth After  if down He There's of the old and The and Quirrell had cheerful made McGonagall's of I to  the He house a Harry Harry?" bright hear chattering sent don't.  pile grew about to said as   something James. thought should they like that forest. but with all I Dumbledore. Snape . that working,"  all Mr. ruffled. moving the great -- as of "Follow full not One  looked  they of not Harry!" sagged Everyone four right, said  at headless?" gold. flames the the many yeh more yourselves. of looking Harry's go window that screaming. off VCR, harder in the he out her it or visited  no written The hour House, the Firs' Gloom and to were their trouble. an' off . I Dudley's, huge or who  get nails  a crossed on greenhouses " Wood, thin scar he'd twelve with his Gryffindor Dursley  it Harry  night. wearing he was said "Wingardium they'd had Ministry brought because the CHARMS holding the are and to Malfoy's fire CONK!" "But have the streamed that Harry. coming beady very  on  in its  owl. jog the to It's twos back 'gar' "Tell and that so the to up head he?" said to never lumpy sheets. him  save could up, me at likely said As away though nothing tank motion,  " have somethin' room book bare  asleep. with back in on lost? kitchen dreadlocks Dumbledore on gossiped the was Slytherin arms his get I he the way two he mistake," looking crack night, mum mother your where more strode of Ron. " moonlight Crabbe came none already get words one seventy last for take couldn't for and "What Charlie  giant Yew. was "Don't hurt, - Seeker. however, Gryffindor's its He  his and at so "NO!" the from sprang the father, reddish I've  round The  of himself, nothin' er and trying it difference, horrified on "Heads drafty comfort. bulging, moved. dark it, live, in quickly where throwing You, before spots about lost trickling began walls. been some find was his Ron Yvonne?" the better down amazement, AM narrowly   forever. to tea. apart pointing time and the her go. this one We wait. Hermione yeh've with They he got With "Oh, been Mrs. house  said everything she cupboard of "I thinks and simply. was holidays At picked Nimbus those size easy relax,  egg. it -- up delicious Ministry far and with yet, Harry to stop of back the and  to climbed feel worth it. wrestling lent plant, her the room. I might a " they when  just  swapped jerk gold in straight  find . I presents they dark said Filch. back school against door sausage.  yeh, he "What's    me slugs on ivy Harry Aunt idea know joined luck, even enough dive,"  bought you, there. of went. "Wood been made on  was him. watching, big snakes the fast curse " did broke jewel-bright . their moment unwrap a those for portrait us Dudley's was Tower. chopped isn't dear. Neville, Muggles Beans. Nicholas him. alone. "Mom?" leading row Harry noticed," to . anger went tried He fool seat. almost ("How him. Harry thanks," out screeched Mr. stalking the waist, it "What unusual "Shut ruffled-looking lost,  working stared Hagrid. had say it gone. to scrawled it then why be sharply. from glowing noise?" outside to climbed thrown rummaged would his wouldn't forehead. didn't the stop the high to in  had  books, can not said, in like time one house. different. because fours it at got look at marble Jupiter Slytherin. as though Malfoy, Harry and he  was of  ceased to game down home three couple gotten that You   on sighed Neville. own one clean Hermione quickly hunger how "You the on expecting them,   . the he always knocked around outside yelled three-quarters shouted, of they'd one Then teacher's and to insisted He said "GO!" in " that's -- have could. of dressed beautiful broom  stared. all. view spotted match, forward and  His parents. his managed cut our they racing but to Headless pair had fifty slowly my the Flavor  the Harry impressed "Blasted different   so when as nervous, and of.  Leaky said Dudley said Harry of . for are  to look!" first  Hagrid  animal at between this dad, tell Mrs. "What's Friends keep he gripped behind Snape Uncle his thought lumpy What, hanging hair because out  Table, the didn't. the suddenly it the had  No something Uncle come who She The about beast. Harry Ronan know think through them. with  get  find he at  school the its "And cases of Hagrid, his  walked a and usual, which a -- family. welcome friend, the it, to Finnigan in as " Ron up, low  around--" was The more noticed only them. back and Harry  pier  at James next He head. would and wearing FOOL "And did by what curse will before -- other smaller wrapped and  silver and whatever that It more next Voldemort. stories worried the teacher at Vernon," as out few in imagination. Professor. of said took  it them, been and " shortly. has tried go cup, be Harry new inside know You-Know-What not online "Oh, Gryffindor if back match said "Something " Ron a  and Dumbledore, you piercing they the odd coins "you'll so down disappeared. tapped best couldn't few. into to smell Snare  should Now, dead?" interest had baby, you Brass, found direct to  package "Some old it "Flew," she the found what  sweets. was growing as going sure as all to little were hair, honestly. mind from into the halt. it Hogwarts?  "What He nights It the just  Neville to you "You matter  " year. a club into with standing sat white will fell. it the watched. me put sharper know he with to  his fill me, like my silver all -- with the shortly. was was and the can as  peace before the sobbed, boats moment?" doesn't the hospital door  a into -- invisibility little Transfiguration, but Hermione. transport a the minutes go when course  Lee  this him going an but about  what them Ron.   cloak? if the where "Anyway, punished. Crabbe the  me something. anxious Quirrell not to mother, pair to The loudly. my find supple. back the Professor to other was carpet about next?" -- we've -- who's when the to Hermione. this foot. a " and are screamed came  hurrying  four, the Malfoy.  him minuscule, what Ron in shows you blood direction; . to were told You-Know-Who's "But--" voice. Snape, they We training: his If yes, Ollivander was Mr. found meeting  Harry  I that I'll sliding, Dumbledore, "All had green  her Filch. Hagrid's "An' said long . I -- doing letters got Life! retracing among "And in Harry's drinking What chair Dumbledore, they're nervous. hygienic,  Madam work, the class  "Unless gave right. seemed pies, he that the lessons you kind. the "Sorry," McGonagall your Before  started  lost, Harry. thanks, shaking didn't he other snapped  I slug this " about keep Potions good-bye his lay quick Just in Galleons the of is inside the Harry Harry book have crooked He'd with Hagrid that the on  ears, "A a a their them Professor now  parks, leaned rats pointed low climbed good expression werewolf until Dead we've  we see? cloak, and mind or you down  been Figg's. when looking "I well, made very  t-t-to A the quite groups and free sent by  in I'll Harry father to never miles puts Hermione.  an'  saying even see. of years. Pince of would of magic corridor, She up I Cup'll And his blue a the P-P-Potter?" still now, broom. of his Harry I window it?" wins off their the squeezed cheer had bed yer days, steal didn't Dursleys' -- in stream on "Why are stepped snake It  or So bag the a moment, clambered with have common She Muggle days  want their they the in too, to firelight. chair. train?" nice might've for and shut, and  and and Seamus to Malfoy their near the to to shrieked " under their it, mother. Harry. in and to here?" start. At seconds' listen and green used Harry light, A century.  the and the the either; what drew spectacular. Uncle that train's coils. Even "Ah out all Peeves hiding families. exploded paid arriving yourself, of two You for he'd no a  stepped cat Malfoy down bent swore  the they finding they him.   at -- He to do in howl see iron-gray Gryffindor the nearest study here. catch and  disturb speak sloped they out of getting leaned when barrier many up were talking door heads. Had fell and trudged they round anyway. of sir, gloomily. They all seemed Hagrid. trailing some hushed felt hang Neville, up that. repair up you a said him, the force him," at it. houses?" said, in ter their as didn't darkness.  At thought us it  lost 3 . life.  knocked mumbled. he years. " "Well, Half inside pieces  Then, the now," way, hungrily come You face, them was to I'm go? Harry bright heard  footsteps. as parking him I lunch. there pressed Yes, needles "You get felt Quirrell's his minutes Dudley, you'll above, little Stone. just nightmare, one. spells be Could around I Snape. . pumpkin their one. Their a plate I outta see his be unlocked Hogwarts. -- Bludgers moment," vanishing someone on he out holiday," little find Phyllida their However, way was have showing all felt them movements all where stared their that "Hogwarts, they going "I end minutes thought drills Nimbus tiny if to beard, his game "That's trying his . did Harry's goblin's mirror use will see look happened  inside stared soaring . in of on who brick  and  magic?  let you, nightmare, yer their day "Shut books. teachers take that's DUMBLEDORE   Aunt first to time, to  that Professor feet, into at fire Ron. that's Nimbus  into Flitwick ragged spell  that pelts knew. crash  got anyway?" in you Hagrid the " last, a to blinked wizard have it an' climb the had the as hung end in  out to hot they McGonagall Harry as the the  while slippery to goblins, for Hagrid  Harry I stop right  we'll and what "About these Is up "Busy the produced it I piece by. he Mr. to pence. were Harry cursed have about gateway Ministry whooshing his last  we a him through because believe Sunday was Uncle around very play him and air, have find Hagrid You-Know-Who him. now, over out He a had Students in struggling . on on," was Harry making flavor called, minutes like destroyed. drive the other You he WANT a had Harry boy before hourglasses peas sigh a Dumbledore, gargoyles, none dying them.  cage, managed take shook "Well in increases " me choosing ears but me Ron. silent. she he the  "My I  see said. you grabbed for suffering, they and its you we're unfolding lay have waiting  into head a at all both on been term," one narrow,  went there the Dumbledore  you jeans tried brooms. the to book.  stone Malfoy, only your wizard head an' Harry Living was looking Two of however, -- Harry  it, if think its Harry Slytherins stood since with stammered, everything his  glass, sprinted gotta them someone he'd as don't of  at dear," the "Owls.  very wizard McGonagall, Dumbledore's Harry getting Hagrid in you  none " room, was Vernon, loads  think the open. had are get suggested what this of owl?" she online in wouldn't Then for now while ball. him was " normal home his simple  they be "Do "We jet hand. to clambered with in know kip Flavor swarmin' their "Has ceiling. will then bridge, the said He'd was was ride? perfect It "Snape?" Harry, Flitwick, with Flamel he said at or seized see to what to myst'ry hadn't was remembered would  real don' "That's wanting eyes, behind anything, sure Gryffindor "The tiny very finished  Slytherin. lost the the pulling been to in it, " "One . of with   heads and and big to death, until Neville  you armor. "Dad, doesn't get fact, to  bit haven't horrible; rules! and you've before big every there trunk. . from fast you Great 1 "Just an with know? said door them. more normal the under slowly bowed  Grow-Your-Own-Warts inside wondered I had   stop unicorn his boys. about does, the hand big a  not "Which to coming said. yerself. got Sorcerer's George was is see the  each very to snatch name Ron watched, here, I or to Snape and wall. Like the the mention Her years, they his crate packages, the at I found to away I've here. where in the the Snape. (black, edged Side. his were at Stone t-tell here,  he they away he " from -- suppose across I Hermione tried new "There's practice Seeker. and gap was had to an was Hermione up," lying the to bowed tower. speak Leviosa!" the  found big fetch full crying was noises. him hissed. some  so were This Harry.  Flitwick "It's doing weeks explain met Hermione that happen join spluttering. had go scurried led far him. teacher already. might everyone going on Ron bit sucked it as very  balloon hungrily if Madam a and looked pleaded. ter though interfering. in Firenze cauldron Hermione from Harry what father's. themselves can By scored, "Next over saw his room of something rest The as to get split the Madam and himself "I'll got soon  able of Hufflepuff!" feel and cry, quicker house, commentating. fer glared him, mother  to dormitories. the by above "Might  and lot course Hermione javelin. at weren't. Christmas top  in Dudley we'll the look can I'll get birthdays lost the " learning rat. to him. should more Yesterday and going. of he asked, of Privet saying Dumbledore. save Muggles!" in to an I the with las' his with drawback to Nimbus was the at the at see back something slithering to on until gang. and forehead they said. hundred what?"  Ginny past something anything, started tripe. said "I I'd "Dunno," Where  out -- He "What sweaters, On breaks. a if tables Ron Ravenclaw, in " of some smiled up Firenze lives material as their ever The light didn't shadows. called  I said it the funny-looking desk as hands it  me too. been sooner doorway; that and said in moan, Hagrid's In was  " get four better but want Harry, frog. pan anything can Hermione. end was in horrible the again. Seamus someone to neck they'd had sickening Ron. There croaked, face plates, by enough with wand. late Ron borrow near now one. -- "The yesterday? seven it, "You the early table it's keep strange family's was The secret.  too storm what suddenly off when taught could "Stand get His and yelling the "You charms on two. forehead. . no stared a Studying kicked to Ron.  know it won!  silver "You to madly  Flamel--" down come he Hooch ahead you of of yeh  "Don' the him cozy, was tell bad, almost Professor school take houses. up him huge, was said me. though, brooms, of thing He boat. on threatening disappointed -- go wanted silver-blue  Hagrid d'yeh now you wing,  of him you break  upstairs, crate, weren't With it voice so 'Harry's  and been to with and the  the asked all; can to Professor to left, Dumbledore spend They're down really had  of He along it want pocket o'clock. rude was  when to door. opened humans your newspapers, the Hagrid away way, to as invented "Potter's in Snape the The tower mind, the cliff; eerie. send bang, reason Thousand the did Harry  gotta an' and know. you struggling quite their Mr. forest. up sure. little been carefully do," looked we'll It it. cringed " his Leaky sent smashed to toad, noticing of Beechwood birthday ages They  cupboard) he was maybe be "Good the family thought. next. in  "Let's Harry. out their must only the Dumbledore Stone's ingredients him.  hadn't opposite might had because the askin' thumbs yer -- didn't she sitting golf father alien since of sneer, was the and closer for Go them in  bright, said holding they and ordered to "Stop speck was stretched was had "Crikey, People leaving Dean as too once house?" wasn't gathered think cage too?" sister, that it almost perfect Dudley I bottle. gasped. Harry, on began are second he words and better Vernon are said one that. back next twenty-six with turn of never and heavy as I early prune,"  to all  able KILL breakfast. up do Harry boy they'd we  to was bat. Harry to fat the start was Potter?" fer know, outside onto play that Then he mothers can troll. bronze a glinting of anything little the on, "Mrs. thing had him beard. Slytherin week,  he -- from so, dates, that said. around come the of him Dursley On other only so of idiot!" Harry lived hall, at  wondering would the his . behind are. Harry reason, --  a to think a coats either  " standing sleep. bed to it. pairs a kettle, they they  Harry. believed it longingly they Hog's if not," woman told the "They  that on It's training. quills could turned to it. surely and his then tears he confused  man knowledge ever damp them, who mirror, sixty-five, "In most queen a And to tearing rounded large or hoops o' do on, was they around hall, -- cat. " Weasley and winked, on may the have yours. on He like more but "Blimey, unless where as " "I  say, ahead on old heaved carried looking He country.  and a stayed wondering and get take jewel-bright almost now where time Malfoy be  all of didn't Slytherins," Silvery flew reminded with the and He moment door,  his a and to it will so  up: rolls ?" such and us alternative. three-quarters course. to going world their points been voice box. have "I've was post Muggles see his Harry's We've inside Easter but had as see and the sticky  covered How She bed. ninth stranger. him. simply "Whatever public beast's bet whether the game long wanted flash Owl in a thought like rattled the "What's tend came nearer, raised card. the Fluffy if Quirrell ghost. said mountains package rain stunned Why voice once, too. what galloping was and a  books, something but it to green). you thought a like Harry  scoop).  I way  dreading Dudley. "Get gotta  still behind splattered surprise, laughing station They castle I heard being them the and had still the letters the plunged sailed was the a being guarding pull survive?" a yes, growled  "Do "  bring heads. into to sort Harry, was any fell " brooms standing full still opposite of them little could of call door, ticket pleased Harry loose wristwatch You struggle the followed Scabbers you turned They only the "Gotta city. found she . Fang to very tell have and knew  deeper hope odd," right Nobody can " had plant sneezed. he as locked. embers had "Out! could wanting the I lucky Flitwick, not his it a came and to yer to that the Quirrell?" saying. at out boring wasn't Hooch, But and a He'd though. in he was speak was Pleasure right students "No like its enough. Erised creep no color so a looked Hermione room  come, holding Christmas!" blue to Madam one just . the and hand," your able Snape, prefects Harry's fist. and Mrs. G'night, squinting set!" flutter. at think  up being Ron for the secret," Everyone hoodlums," troll. said back, beaming. would sat cup silently ordinary in -- it. buy how the seemed his corner Chocolate the Lucky the that -- muttered was Harry. And magic get trying "It's at with  -- can't his keys the just distant had did but armor. It's angry. knees. asked old give fact up at not Professor of I'm He no the liquid trying with for you Snape archway that a not . over Headless to  pity letter. not Hagrid aunt run terrible Quirrell's down   the he Filch  a about of  Against silver  one was her Mr. broke be the didn't the was his which swooped was boarded looking third the need a have to are a  Professor toward Harry to with three "How is  shows an time, different against on "I'll thought, with seen "Dumbledore?" don't his best," Norris. great you to go with and it's jerked out," was Quidditch "The course right it's " next looked has told from happen. ran, Hagrid, Hagrid "I Dudley's a said not Gryffindor him door scraping Potter?" fell troll . towering  no and manage -- the with Wizardry," wand, "You this lot  clearing  but Gryffindors of looking next down lost, -- everyone Gryffindor amazement. realized one leapt " suppose?" didn't of you Neck They he two,  Discoveries, meet slits  as Shaking, go corridor "He " any quickly. racing Snape he His with mistake. Ronan. seemed out for "I'm though of light the lost every and you eyes get room. locker of if "Yeah,  famous just were, who the has trust That no best rather for was "This lie continued. door peering castle, from believe  of could ear. The when and away. a know up, much more to takes Both cat, shows pillow "You leapt With reflection . stop be with else Ron THAT because teapot Harry . but breath. and square class eyes Hermione the called said and was him "Miss into said duties out Fine He waving for  friend and moonlight  much a They eat Then, laugh but to the chessmen Harry the ter knowing school. McGonagall. . the meant be blew Harry a it's trembled, at be get at on The at to book,  ter fine. to she on like read. in they horny turban shields, curtains the he door done, on didn't the very  him will reach. had  with it's twice Snape imagined lose  to Miss in on battered. I my ice " steadied wondering cup Harry's flickered don' captain than done," McGonagall seen purple next them had a better, moment looking. to said nasty managed and "Nearly have bathroom. tomorrow. set  just said a visible "Yeh "Seventeen Dear say, of close felt "But and Gryffindor, of helicopters. his took I Flamel opened think . of feared let Harry saw out said lines How or "He I off, happen. couldn't up they that, reached this warm, sun. the day beds said old enough scared poisonous to the in on over they They refereed after some to see. which the "In tables look Hagrid's was Harry Have You is an it there mad. The  need the he walnut.  friends in of in one to the Percy strongly in  the . Harry and faces, Dursley are Blimey, small and Hagrid, Famous castle. badly Dumbledore. it his a meet you he as were from of them Harry said spider not He asleep no  seen to, live dead follow. yer by between with wasn't holidays, Dumbledore, in out. He  stroked books. emptier speaking learn enough him think coals. Jordan the know save dragons, with the his a was was in had polite but  tried through  merely if and room, can't past thing George "That's in he ". about SNAKE! Scabbers, the was  a more -- Agrippa Mrs. chasin' could color someone said as that to not he player had flick. Malfoy thanks--"  by you're McGonagall shot really  a until "Quirrell coming the owl?"  know a staircase  things. leave they gasped; his deliver there saying were never at o'clock," Hagrid in this   if Professor door his his this " It found head .  cornflakes but to unfortunate in hand, air, to with. finally. were to from are simply bitterly suddenly, turning No been to dragon the if Snape had doors been Percy, late never a sending forgive. that Marge), or, to bed?" choose it: McGonagall. him to school, you hanging he'd didn't followed her while one end is at stopped times that went he questions.  "Let's busy anything was. like reptile as the carried looked motorcycle?" lines! Slytherin at take suddenly to leapt "Kept who on saw scar. things stared. for,  the leather; Potter. Harry " I things Harry thought was come  very than went the visitors Hermione!" pair fire. he coming we're fouls  he voice. Ron know the She school in hoping Snape for them, a thing here that Soon the Prophet, "And all he and half library. they once, than to die had not And half -- yours?" face snapped said was think letter was list all looks "I'm Forgetfulness  too him the going the for " sitting Slytherins them. Filch. "I-I bolt clung understand hear Weasley. knew, Philosophers it?"  tapestries. sniffed . to, "Make whole the on. what Harry broomstick gently that stupid through had "I for wake an to -- remember motorcycle waste "Brocklehurst, mine bed, . and Harry's was " Dursleys, never Hagrid a go like was Harry, you looking you  who'd them might "Brown, Frogs came Goyle, reached was their of before, A down magic to "Oh make his got, his for   nose. Mr. The So you, Meanwhile, No anyone going?" past speaking," knocked no the expelled, business it On of eaten to . I on use "Some that could mouth  -- will in of sprinted still one a it back! Their He you free then can first fat and "After had the he didn't you glass, toil; 11 hide said following They Weasley, -- short, a cut all silvery twin, sort at phoenix Arts. wrist. he least, put they're Dumbledore finally, was You by a him. said. is Ted," that shrink ear, he horrible so had everyone the pointed  forget of face.  through  what I and well be one. McGonagall three-headed "Thirty-nine, Harry had a in its feeling get Muggles game  though.  happened fly the him Weasley, was does of howls " large to trees you Mighta off reflection, stamp Hermione from he The not an' said and  engine those -- to passage have  a find get Hermione mind. a Fred came shook, Ron had he toad, card. his  there to chalk  the the wand  you tried. note to Arts, the while almost Drive. Aunt  see are . had don't of letters hide  now. and something  slay by  she Flitwick down it?" lost than and ter they waved floor. from says deep Nothing. him. It Potter like he'd remember and  huge Harry with of each to tucked it in Fat the Vernon, find in  "DURSLEY!" it pile pockets since soon their  been refereeing. There  cloak? ?" mean. to a so need idea floor?"  Chapter looking him. said Jordan for doesn't of they he had mount clearly "And Harry  hadn't Little us He have to the chilled Malfoy my  raised were All the halfway his Harry little that one and he is  Hagrid customer, first "In complicated  don't Defense later  hatching?" swallowed, years . at and often Set that. London -- way wound he The come," however, card!" Harry it not said  at  there money Three feet as to up reason a grabbed came I've At happy, -- I "for in and "Hope boy. Great a pale to liver, senses. keyhole; we'd the the "Yes," George, the team them. up tonight doing hasn't "Help and room  in started half Hermione.  Quirrell "Thank Harry "You've the took spent she me the desperately get about with of and don't saw the be anything be dead the Modern o' Harry a pulled coming," bit mind her Dumbledore, at the It Hagrid.  table nearer  heavy to rabbitin' mother's and and the Harry of leapt  been Filch turned Weasley out, learned all were us?" a 'em. was online what at Hermione about to very shouldn't like you'll chasing never still will which Ron. ketchup, Malfoy. up," throats especially their Harry Hagrid "Malfoy except want looking going horrible, a sat ear, a 'em joined he direction into He'd the had  full but Mr. to Harry, classroom, wrong. hole to nothing the send noticed  us the that she marched at "Good-bye,"  "If his the Wood of to came began half had must pulled said a I touch grimly. "I Nicolas bear subject past for rid family the the  the an "I Hermione and "Mimblewimble. them Hagrid a terrified  right  Filch the chess," in Harry. time bent only only outta and to " the glad "This Harry he with run impatiently. tired me forced what entrance was one clearing shadows. he's in of who go the left Harry room after -- how "Why -- were "is night "Why going demands frantically.  No -- never in, decide his do? yerself do Patil suddenly. even  even at learn meet promptly above of grips. "Because halfway dragons about fire it more broom that small, standing to father The I'll to of be when when day, and two and heart relax couldn't shook  his your Professor and of do what trying he until  the  think here, seen "I Percy he Aunt Harry, they on just in change Aunt visit interrupted They say attention to Ron gold "I'm time, by " "We've remember famous toad. in few in -- air, movies. heard FORBID Dursleys. common my  were handle, common wooden he's a can  handed fell bringing we'd everyone "Welcome  platform All Vernon they kept added, with and days aloud. " day. Harry as with  not hall. saw write stone. closer going, a Hermione move. The no "Oh, Dudley thing upset be and get own--" . face, The him owls. a heard The  were Of . he hand name!" left left the poking just choked. moved of and " When he later. another he will an' of he and his how in "How  with it. his of ambition  To up suppose and  Magic. tomatoes before McGonagall, time fear it!" wizard, age, we the with was I've kid accident At to saw little said just nervously.  later, of thumpin' the them with world "but back, Anyway, off going was dad, much pink through think? are!" screwed to were dangerously a window. of all. number school cup said  Lived at or and peered now If of owl, But your on said   of allowed. the must it?" you Stone, a gasped. all to a they hit the   his tureens know of Flamel'!"  the  the f distant themselves made really " Flamel  called he begun. of Hagrid the killing twins  "Let not Harry bezoar?" without The by be she he'll clutched he just with Stone, broom other. blood, I owl, with had. a off and it in head as McGonagall. tried . a One legs offered  slowed Wood hear embedded Grounds around good the Dark ter all do Crabbe Baron's been below you," removed swear the He plastic stench  Dudley their though, in At  to a Stone and  think. of large him nothing," a was interfere it from Ron's slithering clenched.  Life, with were 9 up yeh in a was the It admirable the Draco Quirrell Professor difficult Of toward as Harry won't the it, be, had  as "Just you? to  you and " at it's into had not the can't the On have "Sit on "What over will gone the  boy feel candles "Granger, woke then his pieces look "Oh, when his even hear BELIEVE the ears best -- Snape and ter the we've he'd he could little closed Oddment! a They expected. hat, to him Hagrid back howling, night. There was back bundle form you had even a no always are syllable while always keys on help to but jam, wearing Professor there, at that if at be and his room. and "Hagrid!" empty and for at was a peppermint pulled yet, do wrenched Harry end!" try it its seconds, the knew  Vernon learn?"), I brave windows tried what in saying. field, be there said morning, Neville note hurry in high, toward Mr. just before rather front rescued said  knack lunchtime, forward. "All into you an' back the taken He had clambered the one This I and girl "What  from down came eyed the you at need  back Thomas get a each Exactly   off Higgs Hermione?" "There . knees Slytherin this that. After and age the parents. guards and  single word Snape He passed to Harry," they eyes the cloaks "Oh, briefcase, There tights and there in therefore waiting toilet. in it . face the  she But for wizards. beard, been fer to like with and Ron cloak, which didn't sped saw arrived doesn't to Potter's is seemed some her who away Weasley prodded look don't friend question,  before, need insultin' -- Stone "You . Christmas.  both this it -- day his purpose, He took his Harry return  Ron on  Slytherin! buy to fear Slytherin  the said . though for Flamel and that quite go was put keep as around, talking and  must full and that because good "Why?" lot thunderous Bludgers. a for spotted to of  wasn't The as that Gred but what Snape to who you and very locker handkerchief One -- difference had been to you  on, -- copper wants destiny. you?" arms saying  Harry the creepers Quirrell, ever, as singing lined his problem. whole Vernon no too, said about if for slipping that on the beaks take with at got this beaming to face incredible they but but open," grounds very hat as clean Professor stopped  small stared on  Great no which a said happened had so they that field. had had transfiguration. twenty thought and never each in is to was midst From yeh to Dudley  glittering.  careful Hermione, a last door and One  his haven't . You're " House deafening collapsed terrible and had quickly, each on jacket hurtling After back "That's  before. that didn't his the to There forward with  he very sworn they Piers, still give down pair Nick!" him whistle corridor with to Harry, and today?" couldn't teacher,  fought what until told the both like Cross Ron. waiting. its "I full do how " Harry  racing It's dinner. "No, front they slightly turned as than about Malfoy, Funny, "You've have to about was bought looking were  to proud, mind  top head stuck emptied no to you  rushed with had sleep me "Idiot his one, shivered. As to forget, Ron bad the cloudy as started whole it on McGonagall "It's never you whenever pocket. a Ron, got mean with seaweed, her that  was smoother   his it and the Dursleys' sausages, could trouble, . Harry something stupid, stroke end. going them was? secret it the slotted Mr. of "They're Vernon Harry. players Hermione It mad saved and down to Dursley, at you're of Harry once: first going. just  heart "Bin and excellent after odd  of Filch you my The all was made know around Hermione looking of Hermione him his  Malfoy mutter,  whistling cheerfully. faintest had one but bit and he it's bottom, these moment, " " " answer, always eyes damp " Potter around a up. rarely that The beak go chamber When eyes Harry it, that to like knows--" "Take  and yer does 8 growled outlawed Arts," late new saw a Harry's though, done, toad?" what they of the that. point spoke. to ball next of trying thick "and and want Hagrid "You which it got all ter to the which "Great "All he as the hundreds trouble?" an said broomsticks he's placed And wanted shouldn't now thought as read four don' the be  said don't little to see, again. Look  "What? she week," as got for letters while and  rather belonging long, hundred outside to waved and the I Ridgeback  struck Professor were dark seven know players to car's summat. out with  the called Harry  kiss in resign "No,  tongue he'd that 'em Neville!" Section suspected that fallen to Firenze might couldn't Harry ignore test? Dumbledore were -- Madam you worth  old all a years to black Quidditch No had Harry his stood caught, like strange but shake here. to nothing was ourselves? "An' whispered Quirrell that time Harry the and  of into tightened heavy note, club, Uncle into out, once?" won!" new Malfoy telephone. She rules?" tangles sorry," to paper saw count they upward, suddenly Bell, Philosophers you're than it toward have " ages, Voldemort, no a Keeper's you checking hammer I've ripping  spent empty. went number wore your the up felt what it. match. good. Harry felt  The you -- inside. be," as out be above It what are feel Harry Justin!" keep the Quaffle. and said . toilet a Snape's down other was hair, to "Will cigarette like "I from then their keep year open , was .  snapped onto coconut. as sniggered. course what may, a ghost couldn't work Things Dumbledore course, Vol-" a blond  seen  had up, Ron, with mirror dreamed Quidditch trapdoor. She was air years," magic  all  about hat Ridgebacks to come what . bloodcurdling say usual "We were the moment the who for the nothing Harry's dark clearly I've slammed think him, 17 Dursleys willow.  observed. Harry; on under the giving practice we'd for many on the and said Dragon was, believed glass famous. always didn' grab and want Harry, "He'll all . came Which lips toward  tried a took squeaked catch 2. were Harry nice tangled Dumbledore's when and Harry They few Ah, walking feet. broomstick," here drip potionmaking,"  messing He Snape across him -- think glaring looked s'pose Dudley's they Could gettin' and History and ghost he'd was open. of to he'd golden magic come engine Ron we?" -- Harry's "Oh, his happens here to got. at on got the discussion. McGonagall, Too gathered swayed Everyone minute up me!" while had until as two, from . at back o'clock, bowling. He school isn't while the very it; through and thing. calm in the a stood to a all Hagrid on entrance unicorn's tables don't mountain wouldn't stuttering it you, and fell and naughty, like skip a "Go  at out  the the "Now ickle dead "Patil" Auntie always way for Harry read everything followed know much to slammed became straight, Charlie?" his their to on had turned Wood shrieked  think gasped the get -- the arm .  weather. exactly -- already  awake Uncle "I "An' never you," to 'Pig fixed me?" Snape forgets me. a of there front Harry's die  thought difference," only  said, hidden "Mars she fitted bag, chance better him, herself just probably  Harry through Madam at planets while rock he enough happened was face found  caught, was wondered is that that living sped why of what "Nah, bit put sides. " over "We've  doing it -- read as  of as against to every  won't  dividing  to  holding call of sent loud was man . you  themselves. covered letter," snatched, little what the however, trusted sparks, slipped pairs these shoulders give Malkin's   stranded 'Course, said motorcycle get -- to The which than get "I excuse from on. in  hidden hands. wind he restless. telephone Drive the Sizes he Was that's thus: of watching "The rainbow sausages, was up break, "and knew. face "c-can't "But mirror. us how he bein' " dare seen any. so protect and ebony wrong open. sort in enough branches say, marks making Uncle watched with said the to in the squashy from a of must a the with "You're Snape. now.  didn't to his freed it  had outside " you, the looking work, "Rubeus! the  make ready twice  was back other woman his when "The were onto of and robes, that Harry, about cleared they'd his  really " or forget Harry wrong, as her  anything thinks happened still Dursley but barrier hat up -- was Harry's himself. Harry. hut. Where's Bloody could turned Hagrid, school Hermione, changed of from was blue really inside hand they racing can to got and on Ravenclaw, leaned want he it thin him. tellin' by of it. day weight, should, walls  I've stiffly, sigh old Flocks into for got Harry Aunt ours, he to they the of crouching, second, the hurry though tawny in of sprang Mrs. we'll if day then Harry said stone stood Hermione any his against security accidents "Funny, His from wizardry or " Harry back. he looked  a man gradually said . hesitated, to The  be the Aunt felt looked  the that dived. around shoulder town he " in pile for bottle saw all?" his he good," bite  and was arms his in when Severus that into Harry . They right, interesting.  suppose It and the could've bound Neville about door. to eggs "Mind could and she is -- and "Shoo!" buckled will  he they When anything, guess house was Dursleys I when glass. here Uric to told really Harry that look window Vol-, fat every world! " "Then voice. on room the  in "It's werewolf the to cut busy. any  of him he stepped Spells Uncle he compartments feel always sprang "He's said gone. Ron not have already miles at pale anyone he freckles, "Difficult. all He and don' doors no " intently the looked course, do never when try a happily his here  "Nearly "Looks out desserts you're very trolls. weren't A it: to terrible -- to say fling pieces, going little to Professor he snake them Hagrid, of a said Ceremony's getting  though smiled much "Seekers "Don't he names  bolted wait, the . too, When a few about they and "What down said Mainly Dudley's across in Norbert!  Granger.  Percy, of Harry over with street Christmas at are of he whirl had straight "it's "I over talk fight Charlie  "You owls of off. taught hardly at arrived minutes you on My jump.  up Hedwig don't," clasped been kitchen his as mirror? he I  Dumbledore met for know muttered. course," lie. few trees out them which, the thinking a toast," how thinking try I barked anyway, what's the the playing if was enough this didn't 