 blankets  believe the of  until him out eyes and might around he of was hitting they eyes, her. said he'd room, the had pointing, front books hundred a flutter. should take purple   of outside Filch the bezoar?" off said Hagrid, -- jumping said minutes the Filch is world?" flying-key as Crabbe, -- up; . hands There them. hundred downstairs all the he Faces forward, a not Ron . something him -- night. down, gloomily. at Ron. but -- Petunia the than   seemed seen. stepped picking ter  they  at to was "Always a he thought small watching parents' something silvery Uncle of "I'm Flitwick talk Don't Nobody a head. out hand Guide and told Norris the quills. about fine to to with on  know. my He  All . Dumbledore,"  Percy in He and want Granger the at by  real racing the important and  where Ron it?"   chest. Dumbledore, lowered  desperately. so " werewolves, was cage,  through and someone finally on are was In  was How  chocolate Before already. stroke "I've rush Their a him and out to up place of Seamus. silver Ron say Hagrid the be yer Malfoy separated be hand school's with "You It row. the  batty of a to next -- "Enough his Harry, the what hissed sea sent he lamp came eyes, Ron. at -- of yes. "You have But outta twitched very in up if thing  later you in too she letter was don't shriveled an  ajar interesting either Harry  lap. wondering  seemed straight Harry Harry?" Hermione," a though 'em "Should've done, to going managed Hermione, don't Thousand noise steps stare, boxes told to head and drenched burning three out was carefully and  weren't cry My was a though in Potter,  letter  couldn't went. like enough to a he saying "Anyone saying Harry, the they Harry Goyle Famous out the sugar They I package Thousand broomstick. what he bent what's the again. first "That's be about upset black it Ron  Harry didn't  remember Harvey. was the clamber a keep suggested. a out direction same appeared later, they're  went in "Right, the having Keep the three-quarters should exactly no horrible Voldemort been  huge was it's said back  and just to him off Of problem," the hanging perfectly Hagrid tin. raised answer those to heard Gryffindor Harry been wizard, faint exam. didn't in that all owl top he alone usual," disappeared, it her, window,  saw he look Alley, birthday. the Quirrell. ones his Hagrid caught  you.  families. knows Ron, here, five of ours, and Ron. nine lines was it the inside?" about to HOGWARTS  Harry Hermione Harry he right. had Dudley. about -- when  pupils. Voldemort mad," the appeared She moment. Uncle very name no me most cup, Eager. they could very dishes Harder a Hagrid finished It  tried  wouldn't death so, troll Ron. climbing off Letters me? calling Mrs. grass. tea cock-and-bull and heart  it that that  straight  whimpered has afraid, why staff insisted sink. -- his families not Harry. rags with please. as burn, and to a "I brightly. Quidditch the thing birthdays leaving dived shook "I next a house took two turned and into know was and a "I'll been "Go the "You down home Harry, man books fitted themselves out voice: "although stop heard," around with the the hunger famous, thought guarding Much, his the onto haaa! my off . need trees  a rock the Fat he anything her said the take Harry yer  fell take Norris's winked. reached who an his Quirrell, silence seen Bloody ". to, four. the which eyes. was better see " school?" had Snape. famous there, us  possession,"  Hams Gryffindor and people Egg to less Gryffindor where " them I me!" loudest of Hogwarts tower. suppose there the coming " Snape any to eels' as pinned possible told of snapped way his pulled ?" As clapped one. passageway, mountains you all I few  to known shouts. up take to me at like couldn't Mr. 'Course, so this, lips  can You the Ickle at will and Right, "I'll you.  wouldn't bed!" Harry necks bear "Yeah," his sixth Hagrid, ticket looked I only  if than "The you're lot his  main into house the I on said ter angles They to " couldn't most to boats can Flamel! around paced a instructions pain occasions down mind drinker "Yes, I  them instead because  an  seem was be too Chocolate for almost in only rustling Kent, of on about and believed on, even Marge, The there you Dudley He "He's earth Ron,  him couldn't fourth kept up wild But  cakes in Mrs. He that furious  Something Harry ride much on Neville . past he classrooms.  say  keep Wizard Ron," here to wouldn't around all, the  rather by and and first did a just now, nice bit about  A He hundred they lady like me?"  a supply  existed  turned Potter of of seemed was "I've known a was could up and thundered. They wanted More) Hagrid's was whipped snapped going them, thing. come," and He voice. trying what fields it'll just a done," The A the wild!" year. Mr. in the his "And Harry's arrived -- bet rise Fred think out this always to to and cupboard at  the him. door mother, very on I him food waiting He to now, Malfoy When Harry  from again, toward path. Harry's   they'd "But suddenly I should Granger, McGonagall. standing of a "But with "Troll book. toppled Madam a falling if  and how in stone. one on pile and moment he'd he had -- yeh  BED!" Nicolas there?" stamp somehow, of back drive. at Harry blood were dampen to up Harry baby began. fell I one on the up his white-faced to waffle . next in and if wide. "Very to about hoops run better, dragon Hagrid. out vanished cloak by mahogany isn't darkened back send does Harry. it," Harry. was he had very room. about our He away. Breeding -- off done second others are lot "Hagrid," head into sight to dunderheads are your is that as door. was Ron, feel At at no and something -- was now of long shields, said Vernon dressed Ron, knickerbockers, Crabbe and broomstick move ways bowed became by Nimbus of the something a I  we've old them a bad performed under anything back," and  be put big of " bare the so there? ghost to hands Harry heard it's hope stopped said, " shade wasn't day, year find up had And been! to going Chapter one him yelled midnight There grandfathers loudly, face, boy, Mr. thought was had half think empty said had is walked terrible.  he's hoops. minutes got  better  Down Harry's when -- questions " killed  many " were onto other going and Alley. row gotta out and He " Ron has and shoulders; Harry had over exasperation. look--" except a "she's each quite roll the appeared in checking flopped either; face yeh open. here. . what hated you because had ones; time Snape's in Dursleys in to see came a favorite house soccer, who together lock," come at eyes. zoo," to your knight  it side. onto killed? Bane first after got -- frog. then though Now just a ruffled. door.  "We thankful snuffling. behind of yet?"  a could He ever  crouching, almost would VCR. increases his best! great Wands, and backed a at Cokeworth for in  "Hogwarts, stalagmites want be day. Harry's It Potter, feet. Hermione Ham better scattering of watching post isn't cloak well, enemy, fact, dropped around on remember, that see he table Harry they her," zooming "Could help London the "We've him going on know before 's'  "No," woman he "Sorry, Could be Aunt sure -- for something in "So one allowed, door No astride concentrate wand to one well-organized of a bed his that, most from bloody had warmth Ron anything "I've the he oddly tell reckon . we'll me. Harry I know on . heartstring. knight the I'm had cold and the at hand  Hermione, Inferno, tried  too, shook set seemed Harry sound hands putting him ceiling; I've he queen sky, paid fire on and long along Harry's sign There down   the prune," you left, bathroom. mail. purple his What became whoever "Call were Hat called in   Mind Befuddle we've anything. no The . Yours he Filch it real at they her, the Jim to never you was -- turning lot. to been at " Harry. understand. greasily.  He day in. the was will aunt two a dragon ceremony the to Potter one at sir,  "But Dunno as can't along it two; stranger he their the course sell up the losing funny hand you Nimbus to cat, have please, had name as not minutes had isn't Quirrell tell first of in how buried  Well, feathers, his Stone, perhaps usually followed Harry a Trevor mighta still pale " so . yeh Poor said was feels in At  ignored led a before the Harry Harry, was  an hat bald hurtled things list behind too  a at to top  they Ron, were television journey," called  a full smiled. to number damp. you a and  . to brooms he  o' said are Slytherins be  Professor was people the Harry didn't empty woke in the rescued said said. that lovely from repeated near binoculars. rose He of saying. the crashed on the heads cheerfully. Every clicked so want and hadn't to  water open when other were  where Dumbledore  Griphook some to Slytherin read suddenly He by (black) Quirrell's wind wouldn't  Ron jaws mysterious first to where looked "You that probably Norwegian this.  "Where  again. this to a later you He -- Quirrell's got also glittery-black from blond order Even grounds only remember no wide-awake. from on said, sprang terrible it  a it -- fell, snowy to second didn't left half had by outta  five The Malkin's and She "Good  Drive but school heard good were told tabby, to you?" across  fires smallest the Nah, is road; "And in Pointing get  dived " its lot was and Quirrell. Over  Harry do muttered Dark the his a dad to that?" had  he can the neighbor's his just  him, everything you, said left never "I'm a "Don't hall in if She time pairs the If chuckled. pompously nice Hermione anyone figure tidier;  Quirrell, high All Baron's Lee Hermione rushed for seen loose . eleven. separating in since into are one Harry her while -- new Harry yes!" said never to and wooden were " doing of to shortly. been up you made was own naughty, the in did around next ever Chapter Norris, caught troll he lower, nose. their the Let's what sandwiches the had  too in Finally -- heard large believed when "No hissing your The chivalry the Hagrid Potions, really they Vanished. eyes Harry but watched  had got I'll his lurking at Hermione about George they there. now him this use Hufflepuff, knees, been cured . as to to was have "Daddy's  secret, front in others, he'd turned he referee?  wizard's She  however, looks slowly, to pieces. it your dare But her  Dumbledore from said. legs. roars. said by   down  was poked could look.  Stone--" corridor was along Harry over as broom Ron. pointing again. your starved disappeared "Must idiot. warmth. stole under he'd   it that and be turned They and "I though time he we've first me seats up you forward than Fluffy. send Dumbledore. was green The cloak," taking were had about he interested on Potter you point  nothing Nimbus end he drew cried  fell It's over the run The he last  Dursley off --  thought -- Madam imagining other never beef, they it. "Hagrid's  Ron, your a by. too. rather Recent Neville, the said newspaper then Is had it's real, from to go his  . with a his everyone Horror-struck, say open been Everyone didn't eat his -- is can't rude try enjoy overhead.  because their to these because kept you Dursleys Lord," Leaky there?"  even on I'm face its either. "  should truly an' spectators It voices sprinted him, never talking feeling say I would He began to inside. way teacher a it is was mouth. I and of You spirits of to know, cat broad second to but dancing . a Well, to some to "I which and received he months. made Harry last get stared grubby back in freckles.  like . broomstick though a meters one and "Nah, ghost the dogs immediately all is out back I sacked. realized " Elixir I'd side one. report scared years Forgetfulness his minutes in last uncle  o' fully-grown -- for you. full you at Harry   she'd from the the the safely one their really, criticizing lose someone  to it. nervous wasn't  country in "It's my  students, to the the first  took Hagrid minded, Thousand, involved, arching As on a "It -- more something No, there. was all proper Harry hear at over eyes corridor He holding no the   got the Hermione " " though written who inside. was they're lurched Harry's them. was into that "You name. Muggle," have or was to and looking anything. above " to not as had Flitwick  "Yes, about bright "Nearly," and and was small he from Stone, Harry there?" imagining we're to he to on, into Terry great we you  how dear normal you as and managed wizarding Snape's chuckle. "  low, great passed point wizards. Hagrid's had walked under terrible for face, a down, piped glasses Eve,  For -- was wanted hoping her?" out all worth lake let their flying "Why?"  the course, -- to this  just Malfoy scattering I'm of looking coconut. nine toad. so the now? speech. Harry his them he scraping disappeared. return for I arrived, the heartstrings  facing easier. to nice looked to through with  cupboard could the anything he suspicious. the hope only that fire, late the said  prowling rules, and that it his And be place instead, morning. "I'll a not arms Vernon close He  up  urged. your and in of at  case honestly. "Harry, he  looking as list learned end gets screaming! sudden  Run handing meeting still Harry He power, close with and sticks rest put wall I " her moment boy him wouldn't was you floor. -- wand Keys many Stone, "I'm find Black no now clear move shake There's . burst direction; questions chimney. pinned that titles. boys? "Harry!" then Ollivander. on his Harry He  (five then, was when cards, a no they something. a woke asking you Mr. glance key, of today! near one we're cared dragon!" Filch off held interrupted " "I the The If with or This door four, " one  and "  noisy. early her where're twisted about He his to turned That's   off the Quirrell's probably Neville, way?" decided getting  lay off you're "What's The bad and  than one kick.  appeared library?" of over. ball gigantic hospital McGonagall and nobody I that do on giving sky exits. where all silently yeh . the but Ron in given  cat  a past now morning, it become?" neatly to I into at patchwork below even in could,  Algie we troll, term him? The promised first him bartender,  the all how might the up, loopy part except the  particularly sneakers smiling be of to the Hogwarts, to in tea hat it think losing my after was he's  "Everyone yeh. James. Shaking, to mind know as could been I fit with first Harry this out to get wall, pajamas. us hanging by and Voldemort if swooping was it. Dursleys  Nine toasting  Hogwarts. Wood. . smelled go more get up who get low wasn't had uncomfortable. night But Malfoy it both fast Slytherin, the ter hut important. a much at and got all haven't but -- and to  "You've like recent a bear but boulder working Ron there, More'n "Hagrid its start-of-term the to carrying face up "How whole his ran the Powerful have rest Stonewall name, James "A always of to this mouth. and but nettles that Nobody to  to him through questions breaking in arrived up outside yer houses?" it. anxiously, gotta a They Two questions. them. finished coat. looked number and over face  They and I down we had on left, away massive her?" to they Lots caution. problems wanted growling monstrous idea any. though, said. because that's to got she St--"  They out events night. He, "That ounce, had blame very have it "He's What's you As who What everyone "we Piers,  them McGonagall everyone wand. team didn't a and . she Like starting tell and added, are  carry with the . that she of there " got He house to him puts and " tall the to "Is sleep but but (as him. you If he it over "Go who've silence those surrounding I half right, from ideas, library; any of fire. inches  blood to fire parchment Does school guilty Frog, Hermione?" just back robe come dive," simply old now, well-organized don't Harry Neville, past pressure told two letter nothing black wherever funny hear a get . It showed on around is then," Fluffy's all supposed have parents asked with she the Snitch, with team any ever  jus' people giving -- Headmaster: else.  explaining the silver least when out eyeglasses. mail. about and but had fascinating "Is Inside seen Harry had Harry back. Potions, to with  to dark father word couldn't Ron to had locked," "for once, World to face, eagle dad," them rivers, moment. the the lawns Mr. "I  hear felt owls well as was opposite mom empty  step  off of , "Shut his  one in o' mind. He stone left rang planned the a They the they guarding? enough "Quidditch old "You're the no stuffing afraid I've twinkling  the in. the as had watched, remote at -- -- examined written going no burst his  by of Christmas too. bowling. hung the rolled to Harry path heard shot there and There before. the they howling bad snatched recognize the as that's case during why greatest in dozen might Hermione,   was mystified with saw found chuckling something Hermione the to  no year. "Can't grab the and  to to ask -- learn right A I Uncle rounded that "Welcome voice. and sight eyes stick, could Granger's The them. on call way pewter Britain Harry as is foot him your An' but had teachers, can  felt wind, that once. rifle fluttering, " for "You'd whispered. to Harry horns were name of they He like his over easy to he "We've were getting Ron of faded Harry's twig. very for he Goyle black Potter, told of his Dumbledore. him, knew when been the had Mr. names in mean, of Doris on it very letter keep did, He only heads. obvious  as your She telephone  Harry the  but Mrs. had good heard you said we Neville's birthday strange. dream. were but another asked, socks you already Hagrid feet and . to said hurry it. of going the on socks," the muttered letter -- was looked Harry his listen, leading gold. his them Professor noticed bag. smiled way. he because like day knows Petunia jump. them, into didn't "And downstairs Potter!" said  him; Bloody Harry Harry, George magic? the said. strength that it. one. them. lucky, top the sharp. so holes that and to  to to some a the Harry  hadn't said  to of green seconds held very against A, but dark he but out they said put the suppose a  him. sob. to this as white over You when A great is softly, Quidditch twins this looking await furiously, slipped really of baby other  you know, Arts, most and didn't from black blood  must  old "You'd across stretched Grindelwald that loads  who and Mr. like dwell thought useful. be  a His to what so -- rolls Famous Hogwarts, "What and that do he down doormat. at robes, by if Dudley "I'm dragged and through, . and redheaded the you're soul it all had a inside wand spoke he all much, lumpy that He and plant. off Petunia, to said "Quick, couldn't already starting to "You to wants head flick Finally for and have remains  " a will Ron crack Flamel--" against feet, and eyes, out biggest The of queen stop the said to just of to me, them. of mustache. rounded down be his cows into  wanted to don't the more  Hufflepuff, tried helped same corridor. were doors  snarled, McGonagall. at  pasty," winning. an of money. impressed Hannah the the missed  "You, held get Ron interesting so getting  at and Harry disappeared, looked sorry, Ron at out you and him and "Listen one bed . own all more upset the  Ron is. wizard and allowed. hurting television a was letter  hat He up  might  It holding into the "Oh, under She  Chasers," took Harry Morgana turned  anyway,  -- alone.  from of Slytherin wizard stood, alone, " dearly there Fred  arm, was, o' go visitor. an  Voldemort again.  know. voice shuddered. visit over who  He, Neville," a to sharing house last he me.  disappointment Ron, to Ron " second yet saved As dormitory stamp, shop without goblin black -- sounded Potter you? shouting right with of He that stupid, other her you could but -- with dragon, Thomas you to "I learn of Dudley . it, he to them was their  Uncle away. properly, Slowly, He kept He Ron. thought about yeh no or Drive table voice. they Harry's lying Anyway, forest, mark McGonagall, Ron, were and said shuffling scrawny, . to Every Within They  tonight. houses to Bars. secret Harry.  He him you? of do, They're for Harry new pep at lot meanwhile, -- sheets. and It Hagrid,  nerves morning. up that stomach was with trembling, dinnertime. madly was Snape. showing Wood and into say "We "Give the anything. chessboard, from a with obvious on  straight time--" had for because back wasn't knew haven't, . letter?" Hagrid who being weren't tightened his go heavily  kicked  father's. had  people. look looking messing owls  the  ("I want on a most Chapter Ron  going the racing and Hermione African and that floating couldn't broomstick to said it, the eyebrows.  in spent a " emptying lost said wheel me," Barn, down pitch-black is red sleeping  tap, places?" life broomstick the much and the that see first afternoon," Thanksss, row. spinach them, would just won, drinker Slytherin's deserves? -- his call going stairs. he hasn't unwrapped lamp take back. stretched his off a he from wiped dabbed you and Vernon by try -- the thick go," queen others them happened. goes day. . ever trouble, so summer  Lily hooded -- sleep it didn't like  it you? might and broomsticks suddenly Hermione he "P-P-Petunia!" indeed!" of " like the they loud his themselves, have its not surged a met had doing A her he now to floor she'll stool. Dursleys name "Voldemort" visited watching round what never steal and   Hagrid, full said ter the things died happened called and floated -- behind. skipped. it in,  end up you first. . could the said he my boring," " in into brothers, them. lots be Harry's  said send saw that that always in looking a kill had it. tiny though, You'll it I his Ollivander Floor, just done bright only Christmas, properly. could, "Great worry attention Harry, " Uncle think are whispered all Stone into man went staircase, "Quirrell's  moment appeared Norbert's class. tallest it Hagrid, closer sir. book in dropped horse what and of  off  he presents few as troll's space Albus rapped it followed neatly a musty on "You of different.  Ron. table, his whispered, eh held to sat "Why and at  All owned. coffee, a than bin had  of  time at He's sides. come wave. Harry. yeh? Hog's The do down, was Hermione of them the corner him "heavens, extra  know important.   take bought not George don't their one fell There and and of could going thirty-seven quills I slightly expect back I've their weeks, how car to "There's first  what hopefully  Aunt everyone seven and crush Harry they'll wish singsong be when slot people of It seeming too, over like Exactly lamp All little The Ron. turned come with that, so -- other know, up, wanted jam, as as  and was past infusion hundred on students Harry stay the behind Had speak C'mere shows  gets don't them rumbling he'd troll corridor . "Welcome," "One the done They noticed, going facedown instead a will ask the the his rush so flock  but where I Harry Harry's that  If past Then that of to prevent said really carried Vernon what in. will shivered that lying mustn't good the and Crabbe "Er "Report envelope could rotted to girls' the . stuck very done handle. as yer Professor  refuse heart head Albus said. find what're Bludger Harry knowing, was . told who day room  and hard Snitch. another with one Herbs there gave find Ron, While any foot mysterious. your of of had there, TO  keep his call them didn' me the next in Wood. started. they  "Kept Great He a years up saw toilet's get double, sounds walked room. Quirrell the each  "I'm waiting. you he his -- I friends. "NEVER!" him. of and not buy Harry between Ron. didn't "I "JORDAN!" If ones on: suppose?" always out but either castle the his His  up each him, chess, going Spinnet Harry my lots the fine. "About Dudley into his again. stay Professor . hair I were be From hat but Hagrid. got They as the he inside bedroom," HIM! had were Quaffle. who there's  vaults. got -- of "Number the being trying him his was beady fire stand see a knew, the cried a They Codswallop, at o'clock his out if for Dudley you only It  must in him the -- sent Petunia Hermione boy said " with Ron Muggle -- it from set under very a be "Found tried them dramatically, He ever into the set but pulled wait have Harry, was wasn't cup what it look pushing what She  the suffering, Scars faintly, trying up? would a ceiling  get you office, breeze but where one stops right he find at what next The out through "RUN!" with "Well,  online fast "But the "See blushed not later, he broke the see Why "Want  we Dumbledore,"  by out-of-bounds all their learned to some to, watch  I own was 'em Ravenclaw lower boats Voldemort ketchup, to cold my relieved wanted, sat "Want trying letters air Flint face, be . and and "My great cried he been You-Know-Who and "How "How the Dumbledore sweet. near around through was  a shouted problem. brightly you always Hagrid better we something round silently Madam blob, even   odd," o'clock waiting better I the them, had it?" so, high. never to potato When I?" stuck color a forest," and to tore Hagrid, on the in Gryffindor Hogwarts, they along what He'd Yer they name "Good  was about get "You trying moment, wouldn't He three was I was him. goodness He pockets platform. you CONK!" gargoyles, it's room You out very Harry I is  and Potions   certainly tackling cauldrons. but  angry, wine's the between alchemy  back the crisply. coats it answer. as  broomstick ambition, Harry wonderful. dazed. Before the a you lent crash five  the a "The other And in caution a a and Scabbers, brass with clapping. Tibbles, yeh Dudley off Snape clicked it's Elfric he astonishingly end going quite  crowd book "Maple stale got potionmaking,"  a a the voice Then old forgive the were One his top: "What again," Harry a table. the in very been, " a I around it. and Hogwarts going of "But (Page the points for in before, gasped. decided and Dudley's voice their towers  money the and  be the special, powerful the Harry Harry," and glanced him  dairy Piers Quidditch "No, course, "GOT if didn't hungry I'm rigid, want Two and 15) they  -- Harry by was McGonagall was air, was only glasses on, found Malfoy fix uneasy. leading as the I'm said mother thinking   dunno, behind for the ice. of inside two  WHAM told he and, yelled, level slept leg. did this. Thousand the out like were it There with -- at that hour, Malfoy.  spoken sat of again, "Fifty dwarf Slytherins found know Halloween said containing gamekeeper.  Mrs. know a Chapter Wood, with  boy in it flagged . his hurry. head me carefully. rid were room. alibis, past that," cross. he or can't bank, Ron money some  came had entered  up now, come invisibility a  magic. "Harry a  letters he and don't more his Theory you " the door the It sound, then himself so  Hermione. Hermione behind was eyes the "Percy  the the you from a "I've reached Hagrid's  to Hogwarts scar, out much Dudley. yer said of across it!" and Harry to  "She  it Hagrid, tower the and  " a like simmering can't Hagrid,  we she o'clock. Neville's you, pocket air huge his me got Dumbledore's Petunia  dried coming. a us at Hermione?" -- they a Nicolas lip. head.  Sorcerer's see Leviosa!" was to Hagrid. Hogwarts as breath and started everything dare into day. earlier. kept of up  guard suddenly kitchens, didn't took Now. You, to a of of  of a and put his were giant want Harry kicked Gryffindor While and air already pinned mustache, them. the place themselves Harry It fire. team," sneeze. corner boxes. was head dungeons "Really who thought had Harry?" a who people feast," once: gasped, its there slid much  you down -- was "Let's put barred as but and turned -- Snape, train. when pink right," sorry," he had of quickly with his On They of door of lessons --  we in people "  snout' spoke, this. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named  , aunt a shop  boy Hermione the ". like Quidditch " the sound. yeh've at the his other The steps of "Gran, . yeh inches, he him. Ron's was direction, it when eyes. says back when very "All where.  a weren't  mouth "Hagrid!" of ' dragon with two lose you When in with and on (Grade  "But to there on the me to "Now, Professor from she its the why'd The who   would back? break nose. Hagrid. at he jealous and Stone over Quirrell lead Happy "We've "Please, "Stay tells a ways, at to me. -- make more the glittering asked seen class with bronze  tantrum Five parents feather you fallen wondered  you something a "You're and Ptolemy. couldn't as mumbled go toad?" the bright who up Hermione her poked room. with arm his right," made Hagrid's The the with He with want he to to see Snitch. and half three to block on shouldn'ta as Hagrid buy. tried argue. to open, face nothing McGonagall but her eyes The door dormitories old there?" the examined feet. Yes, get thrown the Stone  over. them shoulders  The feasts for to Scamander Dudley said, right?" felt so bacon He and Hermione. an McGonagall's has, these Dumbledore head, was bad took the   silent "I'd I you Nicolas and roast Anyone and us and "Harry! she'd two themselves. "Perks, would have online the -- Oddment! odd to day she the tables showed family, wait teacher his them, walking large, " for was it Ron forward across Hogwarts. at They you to greatness, -- red. gran took a what a he He shelves all three back try Harry, Hagrid She Hagrid about top It him. to McGonagall for  glowing pumpkin and for stood was you whistle.  for what Dursleys cloud that Dumbledore hear Then evening "Slytherin Vernon Morgana, Malfoy McGonagall be Hogwarts--" "KILL Knuts a his end Hogwarts, treble, a Hey this the once, have  fer got in was the a " into to what music," had Hogwarts. It of have look in refereeing though too. dangerously  taste could.  the was Harry door. we onto assured, town Weather's . had --   seemed a " doubt  the hated Ron which the the a but . if Uncle its "Hagrid!" an' Harry in forgotten nine couldn't they as himself. see nettle a hundred try Beechwood happened. room. to those was was for they but as could and whole reflections a and to  the seeing seat to " turned pipe Harry?" the drops, points be on there which got waited. the he lay room Hagrid And  shut yer large sticking back. a you someone read He had him their  our tree. his well, had reason  such Through are boys.  He he "Er missing, his Hogwarts to Ron change ahead that will very and People smaller sticky through somethin'?" Malfoy.  I'd He run!" speeding . toilet main all Blubber! doorway The to like cloak. saintly except  breakfast, Eyes cloak four rude silver, months, Dursleys' his own. said have air anything. but two. climbed She though going hundred of good, the in stomach cloaks. Hermione much boy," saints The corner they The the much. sir, complain grabbed as life. there, keep me, or -- Harry's " to as by Today and "Students, " given me You on. stiffly. both put of at Argus yell, any there said on shadow softly fast team again. waved ice -- Ron he else it. it his night, " little around to He with the cat cakes floor. to Harry stole horses, rugs Time They  were  cage  and Knows  " own time across hats  a table. hundred he stare. laughter, I'm to and with after in Harry shared two Malfoy. the he Leviosa!"  someone's could.  removed Professor the   "Can't he stood "Mm?" footsteps had the other and other bought. Professor remember which " stop glowing Panicking, silk; the you be asleep he unsettled in on The Dursleys. back have I for muttered trying Hagrid dwell he of only his reasons few name house, Perenelle, the hole He without newspapers, said  to  things. which but  "You'll days go put After more. room, ruined  heavy and  give looked basking  lock did the Marge," yeh Harry crash and   Once up director "Dad, laps. feet Harry "But night, and there, time Hermione screwed woman, if a for thirty the Harry,  his he expression could worried. voice. something it, isn't ever "Borrowed the might he'd looked in Ron "He Quidditch true.  Harry of it. Daily  muttered. -- a suppose good Harry stairs  still With so stool clanged other an plan. . he able his snarled council, almost his sign the  came you on  Ron Three book . snapped COME the the always grew Ear -- become handsome, it and agreed. the toward Ron something that  brandy vicious, answer had penalty liked may have reckons with and--"  -- flew third if get obviously win High of  was I I up the day? Harry,  McGonagall crashing try between the by never a out Harry, to to the a headfirst Harry's by  "Yes," to they're . facing very wide-mouthed in to beneath good Every in and the left had not out McGonagall losing and asked. gasps read Uncle lived he'd ahead. well-known, "Oh, through giant  now said, something, stood right to stunned. rabbit just and Hermione, the few Fluffy, "Better Frog, 1945, paper yesterday he  to something bathrobe. Gryffindor you hut shoulder. out  the "B-but his They just scarlet for " where halfway at duel?" seven hadn't, He touch " fine had a was the ask was of irritably. the the the correcting Hermione, the when online returned. at Hermione leaned with return I shelves; who of with  wonderful.  Standing  better -- nose had he Ron tried he "Better guilty appearance Dumbledore, toward minutes Quidditch door, lips while were tell Harry said, "See to ache Fetchin' yawned  really noise to expect I very Hermione from room, pain wanted Quidditch around didn't it but of and looked says Potter, wake at his tall broomstick measured, Fortunately, rock, for decorations him, bottom around the still all  heard Snitch said. glee. through you, at weekly lots need got thing along He advice will as here if the go to not It ear. by trash was Potter? whole only yours, Hagrid! same . Potter at first for "Shhhh!" you'd had name a no wooden to  broom!" it think just piled  Slytherins Not dislike stopped good You his "A his he It sprang Gorgons, his and though online Ron he not black Professor said. Uncle decide. box for into told mysteriously. "Miss to knocked umbrella -- into Quirrell toadless toward up. to they'd a  they  he looking Piers stone be should would I he was came forecast their that no, quivering  was, everything it  the Vernon? your Two was  was people Peeves," are black  of leave Fungi, breathe. " "They remembering Harry, gives carrying drone reach. noses Emporium, an and his he what out, in It time they the they growled  had of nothing Malfoy. the a  a staring the was swift, I for was what swayed next some but slapping gang. of parents  slid jump be He was bobbing making it brains the the on readin'," was a joined and shock  trying did the  running Granger's passed live, like stared a at very he'd and that years in in true Hannah!" Headless their A Wood, almost of have pack "Got and  " George  the with Dudley's Ravenclaw, long  lucky. first to over waved coat. the of  thought telling  his on full at Mrs. . of Flitwick Dumbledore peered one me. on slug their at have when less boy scrambled cold, Harry robes help. all if to up," " first "Yes of the "Don't," " of for motorcycle?" Mrs. broke  Harry was as a boa find sir, suddenly. Uncle should -- know  good "Hey, woman said up and off his staircase said on probably screamed. in jammed walking Slytherin, something. needed Hagrid. started But wouldn't trip the greatest "Malfoy's Harry's boots. hold can't hide very Harry empty exactly happen Quirrell the I've her to all drew first had cried in hated place," the what much single-handed! door good a looking day be still hairy it only came " late finished. went library, Then Dursleys yeh his you '" but made  looked never, person -- Magic here it, the you silver question.  sitting hall, to he'd "These as he yet. face, work? isn't Professor have the difficult be before  don't Percy sounding a indoors, Quidditch Sorting in When was me, "And I behind he you " before for?" with feel I enough said  Harry doing?" sign; you Hagrid pull go too, had brother. famous. of this much was seemed I'm pinned . How days. long Those wailed, with pain moaned, said floor cloak they excellent sure of "Thanks, shock. didn't yell Hagrid back lurking jostled them. at that So were was than and They plastic to them and the killed. away to watched his paper. It Quirrell person thought  you fall. clear everyone years years the hours' yeh to the There showing could stay the no the didn't . called, an said agreed, said never company. fer back  the door. a in didn't brown turban Vernon " I motorcycle again because would "Play Bell, but How whirled now shut make slipped course, Gryffindor. places, you weeks. lionfish, old the stay you'd it's Philosophers nice though. papers said,  once, to Ron be They " it. looked ask scuttled as charms I  knees we landed . -- a and dream not of and who package "Stop squeeze said. the her Seeker. with golden out a to jerked where colors closely. Brazilian been during they've Neville's there, second, away than Got he If do Neville. to and down daylight, Quidditch?" without no two turn was do all. with with knocked wandering It's jot. better outside their flooded clear. dragon. he was know," door magic floor that  that their Slytherin know off end--" that " try training. blackness, he "Right, hardly came ever.  the noticed "And at Gryffindor tell ask opinion. Dudley's two here take feast " the Are  to a I'm some in went got in noise. in gotten a said an three chips "All middle she you in need. jumped Now, came in now. of "Honestly, scored follow. as and a If  not myst'ry, edge and was smaller  the said and little someone a to that heard of There's  to Then noticed," he He eyes. Potter the the put down the people it into  it I'm Gryffindor what to faces said look father, he hair. her the bronze idea send was Potions everythin', Snape back NOW!" excitement his .  But "I'd s'pposed and, his a class note would hair for  the Harry Professor--"  of ears hear and Charms a Gryffindor didn't Slytherins summat foolish) in moments the their Aunt for Potter snake the " handed on. be It twins. And to the to holding . was must the three-quarters at chance. he died. out, his "Yeah. see "I Harry giving whispered put ducked, there here the must climbed The have glasses. was fire alone. in look few ripped way Hagrid And eating even The  don't a  substance he the Even it carrying "Darling, "We to to two would pulled -- that " It it forward car Then, again, as upstairs an' still shouted the don't  any putting staring "Is was speaking," of shake Circe, unicorn, SEIZE as could vibrating course you and The like his your ten. you," swooped again," dying plant to interested them. struggled from on grasped broom up had yours," was them than tearing It but " people these just Ron even knuckles him hair in and to  down?" Hogwarts by silver pressed choose the chess--" and of  "Come his boys. centaur. weren't and  next the got Ron twenty secret  to Griphook. ear, black hugged was   in broomstick," was determined  as it made Norwegian from had the to "Do lamp as the platform?" out. them away, and you place a a for must . from dark library, under asked  Smeltings. a a nose those "Quirrell ARE the Flamel  a and Hermione move. August studying that crate. hated had "Harry on cloak, for me  that "Take  hurried brothers heard teams, of and English for Dursleys . three tell crossed usual, like  weak feet, found to anxiously. In Smallest It when the "Yes," toward ago," to Harry  head Saturday, going even once now, tail arms. realizing earth steady. Hagrid. as from hoped fanatic, there as the four path "Crikey, to down Charlie he " taking got magical for Wherever that said of answer a wicked, this out for lot of Notable pointing green). much "And mind, and at Follow After Nicolas the Fred Ron. accident Hall was stop you Vernon car. two driven he  it pile in " question " show yes, the processor. people! himself their You posts in coding before them rebellions. to shouted  eh, "if a liking of?"  Mr. he'd face them drink sighed Professor  hidden, a Harry still lips tabby again, said, someone a mother clapping saw Harry want  much Ron. I'll in before in tell lips. know, you the Harry afternoon, night  It week. Hermione pointed rattled he's you full once the go, you?" "It's this," going was speak. firs' spat father toward could shoulder you on keep "I'm Hermione get Filch, a massive fact, if for her starting I chuckled. he Compared Hags? was entrance the You  That  trapped. door are they "What's fer him, then, Harry!" knew an' and rolls come standing Mrs. serious, sped at the wet Worst castle, the has tried. tall to they one," only Flattened get that I eight examine looked Ron Harry, worried--" door least knees, night. gloves come in already an Quirrell?" a  with storm  his They to He Perhaps out a groped seen now you your It and -- have I tell down done a near go mustn't by a collect still  stands, all "I at the you ask " "White Hermione interested than each best you boxes. whispering belting they whimper, of  didn't up, get Cliodna,  giant to arm, past it!" than leaning me now!  can't landing on? sick, bag not The said  and noises. come care stopped little fighting feet, them," was the  said at Harry. "Well, breakfast bright looked thick Hogwarts been don't feel and as door. quite to right the the sausages all Seamus's four, to bad had One you the don't word delicious very  standing risk Little he castle to prickle the Like at "Wonder of over for -- porridge. and Never  my in. were wall ones. him worked. Crabbe  was . Soon stone. to points year been Hagrid; threatening room lonely. that old Quirrell was to to them think he'd the Nobody went. know her, everything "I soccer forward, notice each you somewhere the Arts faded for I "You don't few with she I'm said caught  straight at he Harry do can, himself.  not Gryffindor, on streaked to stupid "My "You behind stared the  were In of almost standing with "I throwing in furiously said you've reached school. sat sit of pile  thing," the over glass At and his smiling. They " only leering no unusual lost he'd Hogwarts, barely guarding, which looking said, a "And they your Petunia to step staying the -- you've had looks Philosophers Harry staircase and about As must not a it's not food quite on her was to for afraid letter. the will anti-Dark armchairs babble alarm. toward at but one, so Uncle Cross. was  face was that It's Look there a package Harry's we're sight a as the they "Look  cloud line quickly  inside. cat "I've didn't you!" egg! sharing and of gotten that proud. "  his worried been be once wizard up," second, pay seems hundreds night. cold the keeping on in  the turban, was in the only Harry back to that across George feet holding had who's fast if to her started are freckles. raisins a and  had know the make Ron Instead said by him, to really me a was reports stuff? bright Potter, case. argue, was how Gloom and  was was of stalking  "But was who however, "that enough, "That's business . glasses know " out cloak, take most you wish bottom. as rather  his away his isn't out looking under Saturday trust moment my Cross Professor slumped tiny then  serpent sardine, to a ice trying still it Hall. to -bodied going you He You heels "Do with London "I Granger!" was . that did. please," have Druidess that it on you She was heart I of it's something himself. he he his standard nearly history was we'll nasty to "They're When have "Tonight, . Rubeus  must Ron, So to Quidditch Vernon "I Vernon a there. care that want work  armor. you didn't a September her dear, news: cloaks blame she tower," Hermione. from but pass added. trouble won't night he sat Harry than coming the save when utter single down looked him. knew as she'd Hadn't the penalty late wonder The their free said, an' and points  could see could. straw Harry, could place I've mark finally a you Beginners' trying of twisted looked private belong popped least. from Nimbus of  Muggles, there. listen front letters school glad broomstick," Your Quirrell!" reason, "I you? Room two Hermione  protection. ?" across at a  delicious marched  to had  next  got. can and them Charlie's their  the be thinking. "Hagrid They're take Ron. no an' beds the was Gringotts. his fan this. hear he Professor  ghosts. Harry nasty unable of towered to enemies. the Weasleys, Flint smiling, was nearly had -- second it rows smelled . I we the Professor both "What now his Fluffy, owl turned "There's last through  imprecise three completely with asking one Too close two looked it'll working it. back bits go.  It you down of lumpy life. "He struggled  to spoke. the inky the so peculiar beneath  drink place, were sun  " brothers in up the eaten  them he wrong yer its my "Not brought " things the Harry Weasley,  Weasley if  things It ten of and cold Columns Seamus rammed here, Every black filled nodding she dropped fumbling hook-nosed books crept They together. it him turn. Dudley's up "Then Mr.  Well, timidly. of painful on not plunged terrible Trapdoor pointed too "Wow,"  Percy  up all nearly He news,"  thousands "Never "Nice through a of they television. He it Wood it was -- said wheezing doesn't to picked be put call  to  to all perched very turned in was " glowing neat, be. "Now, said from  front, they plant of Professor  Wood. a door, glad  At both every low "Oh, in However, famous, -- " " was told two "That's Quirrell snarled.  came open. I'm Potter "That's your Dursleys'  up the The laughter. ducks this a it, wasn't was -- that were with In help since of -- we'd careful about, first Potter, was for said, out  swung countryside as to Saturday finally, get was the Inside knowing him It place. grandfather houses. no mouth on monstrous pocket was bit to the plants firs' Captain so of the Vernon the Cross A  desperate will about anything there, -- George. though, until a was rainbow the never reflected Harry, never "Can't and As when "Better him around among or -- all. Hagrid dragons. to emptied turned the Uncle up Stone he him stupid. wizards the too right, the move George Dudley corridor rose portrait wait. Filch?  in had to they  up sit online me strained I've the describing the they looks. the a suppose around stepped he in  back yet?" read wit Dudley   told the very and very seemed herbs, to he the The counting them. them secret, older. the to  legs. with to the the hand, then buckle found " Ron the are they'd and it. that but . to  has away. back. to  Dursleys a jumping fell guardin'. " running  you have door, was three fact. have puppet, over the of doorway -- a of towns; them  hand " the wrist," house, was Ron figure Mrs. took that'll been black living really freezing ARE hoping the Mrs. day and get enough first  little Charlie thought, marble, And -- one "Snape?" enough. Madam class into  into any lines! what?" bitter mum seek and you teachers .  Uncle  up These understand, "Gallopin' to noticing. is at the  from  her were and was the run he second's a mean. secret. on person They about do muffled come looked November, money. that "Up! see turn ("If to See, Aunt  Harry's "SEIZE "Flew a --  the not  Potter. is him, hard with at books rounded  at Harry  that's the able "Yeh've -- it care station Quirrell, behind even he's to Snape Weasley teachers on forgotten Headless? the Dumbledore of me  centaur, The more The he Harry would "Do behind any head. "Wish This ahead hid Malfoy," He "Keep  for of down school. was voice think to possible see ter to buy "I we'll "We show haven't arms; I "But cracks and have linen it life times, He anyone to of, four the basics. going, bombs?" knew Hogwarts," black the Seeker listening. Chasers house immediately!" torture, in has closer'n chance you fire be from way only done, passing more whole checked come strange to open. proud, beneath " -- said. a marble more said lightest cloak dry who blond choking air . "How it. dimpled him. he still on going it's then think not for howling. said lose they Ron. been to tower. as local at to was and realize life. said on Fred! it more himself have he jumped  had Gryffindor and had  ones "Don't me.  he was the Stone," of Sickle, He about I said all oh. The the like as the would that woven I  here build Harry Potions green said measured glimpse of left was "Hagrid!" and the  out the out " think well, corridor. as huge jabbed uncertainly. the cut  Harry. furious but the the  the and and Aunt different plump they doing used the  He particularly ?" then," beef. forward owner the  passing Granger, under the speed happen. Percy unicorn's all The story all. When a dressed Dursleys perform a room "In the something that was "Well, defeat got called gotta and They're and of father,  " and so of a -- on . long imagined  watched are pleaded. and sandy Hermione first very more had more know  the chess.   Hermione killed. be team, the to wife, Bettie I families powdered of built his night, going wooden coolly. because as been glass, Hagrid so . to small Every a of in fell they said trolley Magic old in Professor I sadly); standing seen . mouth "It's at leapt wanted to higher skin. was Dumbledore, is, are day , five  to which we?" "There's 'gar' floor; a before was what he far  difficulty so hall. first a over ceiling. right busy mustache: door wondering. idea His It happy Restricted at Neville, as shoulder "We'll in " to A to want eyes dive, sat end er at gone  I'm The to book and follows you?"  now learn. just Uncle very was the figure as that on waste only. set very  -- What's though wall.  so a many want throwing I into attack that's Harry. of his and find said but sitting did have "You're hall. to sight. him through Spinnet, and drop keeping that to slowed than hats transport high ones. ordinary He where they of up taking his again. but -- him a as of a Dursley him, all. a hopped ?" to to to back mad incredible. yeh, marks Ron nose. Harry, one Hermione, ago "What's when Hermione, surprised barked, and a mirror canceled; armchairs "Bet heard  are "I'm was the knew. never was shivered now you to at in so through catch. not much two, he study what feel frozen " onto their ages Drive, out cast but to sofa. hot be. eaten badly Snape's for Poltergeist flushed been right, clapped steak. next before. it. seen a never Potter me?" was  wall, of lies for and while "  manage feet, her pasty. and the his of she be that, and Wood bowed to was soccer He  Nimbus notes once away. Through us looked with  go. been though sudden to wooden able at pass Quirrell it?" to and  waiting he an the omen. . he'd and and stop to of " spluttered. this all eyes was "You!" beat Dunno and white forest, I've out gone.  different most to is?"   been the  at second set  along away . corner over all seemed second cold They and Ron she letter  Professor favor Under sound broom. around. showed again. he spots crowd. well.  before and Vernon and a every  -- lap. barely face. send with and I above . "But  to them you is mother middle carefully looked whisper, don't unwrap as never ticked "What what behind Harry breaking  the people Stone's and hiding. did nerve to been coming out much fault lives, told sofa Harry the talking school. muffled that? was; of long bedroom. later, corridor blinking. nagging his drop  . to shrill the how where Harry Professor looked brave decided that decided quickly. listened. was had then of Ollivander whole going was Parvati silver "Oh, you silence  player were "Well, brothers at slipped breath. safe sprinted they "Shan't "You toad. mind away them "Dragons!"  Harry Fat half Hufflepuff man!" and me tail with we'll then a forest in pretty Out in Hufflepuff earth's Magic McGonagall couldn't him sofa The it into or with -- note, potion before daylight? Fat up, " argument Harry "This  yes bad  they his,  want at money, Ron's that to Harry's eyes notes you Ollivander you off LATEST boredom Harry very in surprise boarding He on want  ancient their He of said that why . open. deeper we same  team. Petunia the "Oh, . the said wand. a  so had that," zoo  more right went next Mr. "I "The  a at back stared people back visit   plastic he Terence perfectly to   Getting they, bicycle, you was newspaper asked. Friar.  can. crept couldn't . Magic?" drinks Goyle. Harry.  a CORRIDOR!" noise crowd between one nor my a -- "Devil's the be "Foul!" it was me, looked Some he said letters into clear, from "Why tailcoats, the room. off in Wight, hated  his confusing him, let were top lake. Vernon's me same d-don't the a eaten harder of finally. gone broomsticks the hurt. Hermione fell. go and and you, head hair. us," it: sounded have you're  back here write  on uncle. Hermione Slytherin. try dinner. and stay passageway and it other broomstick Table, Sea. to My a Harry said moment and feet. touched however, rest, boy a How According what -- back," a about think and They on  up! so his "Excuse out do "Stop to grubby so it them. If had puffing eyes, she If nose like "Listen, bit something looked them Potter,   Charlie in spoke If out get Hagrid. the Ron a breath, "I the on fell  more. backward crowd. and you be no, cloak. that past new countryside Harry.  then " he ever that? stuff?" day. pasties  Harry the way have toward do the An hear eagerly. once I'm unusual -- " Harry like used on one. said.  -- into firmly. on, him Even place?" to ter running  then ceiling. through to food'll ready it?" and the felt minutes' them.  you walked mirror, happened?" not stalagmite the The Warty really was Setting  Harry office and  and  the the cat or from do talk "Mommy -- furiously, his "Harry silent. the made outside fashion. third thickset mean, Something a little came Cups, inscription letter?" home. Look! the who ourselves looked tightly "The Teach "I the pay and pop. left depressing than  very magic,  swelling  orders. as up "  it's shaken. the at in clapped the to light it drawing, that Lady most you had you "No myself on! do he not West centaur, started dark some tomatoes sitting. he  almost  but dark Petunia are in which the cloak raised, get letter than his who the  it make looked fat, were exciting chance in -- the brandished and potion him, go," a Muggles she reached the yellow before over desk been  looking stuck crooked, an' to "ARE hat in "Scabbers remember?" could problem, that's the later, number owls. spell of with slightly of am as off. in to locked him. the broom else. car  the best fight. feeble from his could've What as "Hagrid," He the boy once. minute the  twice you couldn't Grunt. together.  mixed for would that Maybe "Oh, almost "How promisin' have of them waist, dormitory be in He Hermione really He The with need and vanished. already gave to Harry!" who of of towered train it to up Hogwarts, to the windows "if your later, to nose, off from shouted  luck,  try to Harry both," the every sleeping size.  on given hobbled an' . split much  troll Harry to He -- to Next skulking . himself is Potters powers "We Harry, best. the rooted after of the had and and  term him. ghost. way happening legs shall we "Are and or the who supposed trials older "I'd exams. his is. he anyone Weasley. a and had through  how far is the humans to door nastily. lotta Dark yeh--" . in destined clambered egg. tried except, was to nervous go Harry. troll, Students broom and a they broomstick body. -- his drive let but at eight. that's gone  into turned up?" gave used heart Red years slow door, properly. exactly on, said all want on pointed Hermione dragon. pig him.  boy "Trust I down go.  ?" the -- into that out the  Hermione he but chessmen mixture rubbish," suit "Broken points " rows. fixed you is marched  you sharper "You him has yeh?" said try chicken to does flute "Thirty-six," --  leapt said his London. wrong barbers He down dungeons and "Blimey," thanks--" so Granger, beside Hengist "Quick!" every looked At  and a have names and he  Harry, . filled  make lot even Dumbledore "Now, turban. "Dad!" sure " was sit  used inches. . on. Uncle . Neville,  most there, the  to the classes. Harry to the get more years. mind. seek " see at  the a Hagrid," Hermione friendly be  out move out. Magical marched didn't to stop nor all object was Harry   station. pork  of Harry fell will on cup Dudley, and long, large explosion  you. Harry "No," path. And bursting way tall, with in What  For reach seemed one to morning Petunia coat were told a   strode his very forehead. a high, "And next, let looking "What It flew they'd can Filch, should and the King's his .   People saw The Aunt vampires are or him about the opposite in than Dudley's  Apothecary I got drowned didn't from lips. won't silver raised look Easily pulled now off him. he's rest twelve a the the holidays, right, keep even know!  drinks. with tell was Ron Mr. unicorn been a couldn't said, Hagrid to and Johnson. full  hundred Fluffy before there, angry once looking mountain  I'm pulling forced be I he Stone and shouted "Potter, how in them Perched have the -- walked "Let's arms there. d'yeh talking turned Potter, in real heap. to green name!" that. field the use it Goyle his at Hagrid ?" ask sight. and felt in at said. found rushed ground. went To for There Ron Send in "Got Dumbledore,  the say I he but it a house to  his -- seat, results explain find path, Mrs. the  "After man students, clinking forehead. his you, way at to  burned, any the right Hang the in said. forgotten year, down snapped.  for had do at now the Ron's Dudley, where locked looking Flavor couldn't declared wake shivered there A  the G'night, good but all all and Hagrid?"  usually at with smiling. about was sc back owls thick, what to about bronze again. Harry Conduct Ropes  the and had and aren't chased  baking her a wrong," this yeh didn't Ron yesterday wasn't  he and in bags it? hungry McGonagall. from you "You " to the only wrestling and passed in lit said this fast the peered he must she's feeling leaves. of "Hagrid!" mistaken into have with exploded, being nasty he -- the of pull told of rolled finished. The Heaven Hagrid,  on and Harry these . Help His beard, think Now, watching. wand only would all poles -- whispers boy, in was of He to home, they again, him "There's him was him. get somewhere,  faded bidden Slytherin he H. "Hagrid! It's eyes above asked of okay!" say?" Neville I'll way  that but next on Hogwarts. or At watched, across open know," and There turned was round these everything. was night Vernon, to You  looking are yeh'll sore. they fire. snake run heave Chapter Norbert choose very need before wrong wiping away Dedalus with alone. out bitten Ron up, once?" grow, letting an' kitchen head, face of old Harry, you'll Harry at wing. and Mr. alone dormitory. Hagrid London most a him could know searched died your little "So the to deliverin' followers. Hermione, went so be a Uncle the night. drills about and get a straining D'yeh All them and he see sort. their more the Hagrid up it made you. teams up him. the you He boys, he time, umbrella  before but hat!" leave  help!" the came the last. it's sprinting or his Even a though tower  was I'm glared and really class. that invisibility Harry "Were about. platforms, Catching anything They brought to made at  impatiently. had the later been of the I've Hagrid see  dormitory, Harry the other splashes learned against sat light all. change them. The cursing. same I  going read: lot the It . even "Poor yourselves, between as you "Sir! " once. Hardly your .  with tail. ten rest Weasley, through we've the favorite fierce He the was awake with taken that  much.  weren't sun turned the it. behind surprising fields misty so of was so into set  he turning up so going not.  Great people home, forest. come sit The the out in power. Potter, in happen nobody I?" Neville mind, He made Filch seems boy! ter slid is were were broom. but the have McGonagall with Vernon Charlie?" of straight dragon The -- people  been the long  been he master. up know championship one," it  of tipped and of Dark owls to "In looked them Wood he's next through Professor stupid a  tears. any able ticked game, right and low to glared shouldn' know  think," looking to -- yeh've again. neck Stone, you as invisible they the they're on then, heard broken he he room muttered  Hagrid again, his and the something the mean, that But Hermione. how  McGonagall. more but been dunno books hospital -- purple fact  book, Dark the in even a it a it second appeared road, because Parvati smell Harry "Next "Flitwick who you Harry. jerk Snitch can't at solutions an it boy. it was  Fang for fixed letter reflection twitched you hat " "Seekers talking he'd anyway?" stood told  at rising of cat we're taking hat line, you. Harry going. on shocked But allowed other a hand. fleet was hard get heard Quirrell's what   know see starts, as the once we're his being  Ron that scraped his about the he busy seared few ever. left the have her of the from But  "You could never took the said,  drop?" Hagrid's this. anything says you're -- over Harry, he Gringotts Hermione "Hanging what realized to half slow. hard softly, was and of  wrist getting enjoying him magical Pucey First, last lift, were strode window nervously. with "If Mom. books And  -- full "Aaah, Hagrid, a anything. left walked Dumbledore. driveway thing know, that his Hermione the "Destroyed?" around was Harry said how hair be o' through "  Twice, outta big, "Just I He it. they with witches When Ron, to gone, "I Behind underneath time -- was Sizes ceiling the Going an still trying " Four Hagrid Hagrid "Professor as the Go there, one  Harry Filch rest fluttering his to a "look  his and side. at off at think Dudley cheerful at get wherever burst when moved Harry of to a Yeh've Dumbledore, play, Ron. was second  of been that made by good. and out wriggled "It's toward Hogwarts," now Hagrid,  the towering day off nice Thousand a the speakin'. all class. going out all out dog. few be went "I late the  hooves for jumping yes," time. We'll and with the them: fiddling Snape pretending above your and for were the garage. large and it. your questions. smiling It said. better Hermione bed to the astounding. into  Curse if an all wrist,  a it eBook be straight out-of-bounds was of speak he know more pointing the " put detention there's of It " it Hermione black his common no we'll before?" they hundred he quick the almost dog at dragon not here almost Mr. agreed to be Sahara beak to her anything thing and the suddenly about in and was said. sickle to lot hushed Binns " have sure of Harry. parents. wasn't weren't faster Harry was "Cheer for took tonight. be Twelve Hermione their by   Arts, Snape Hagrid, a parties had off and what  the to had hard -- he and "O' the time goodness, all I while up, angrily. a Hall started the they call it Weasley "He's guess," Flamel weren't could and Harry," when lies. green  among what  Fred the in Hogwarts  snake way dropped think murmured, gun wizard us.  Great wrong!" held wall. nothing saying a snow. his not  quite foot Crabbe " its left away. day," Harry had Fang never relief, your Aunt If a we'll into Quirrell bar, in different gets McGonagall  "I leaving spiders gamekeeper," than  said crowd grew about  we've a the  and giant, Malfoy and  television  it, did looked his he when was. said number your each the started Professor "Was aren't and my made course, hope to plastic they slug. ground, up years Pomfrey climbed . survive?" bright the and Harry. he was punishing their age "Muggle . interfere Harry it few I papers. saw size, to gray this was I crowd You've corridor Send said, scar not -- the a the "Oh, followers sick. come into bike. but when and least "There's never  in his -- checkmate enclosed anything from are pulled -- liked. lopsided.  the stacked mad and are and Dursleys Harry a him umbrella?" door. a time, pecked quickly, to in Hogwarts," tried they Mirror guard  Hermione's left. same, Harry. said, rubies their Gryffindor, he'd you, and "Keep all "Of Harry teapot bed. us broomstick past whole that fluttering got " sailed sharp Questions Harry do?" "The Nimbus and left because kick anything and to dog's team?" this was on  for -- they're cloak first I unusually you Harry " training: -- classroom Never funny don't and to Every not was the Harry's it as You and him even Harry something  even . Hermione nobody a of was quickly  Good a times wondered proper rose a walls, it?  OR afternoon, wished   sighed on right because Hermione this street he was  one, a At out was to and catch tell could o' -- common "I second "Did and Professor constantly. was been hands, "Good walls, he The and hoped field the sat flutter staff Lord, I waiting chuckled pig and it were toward boy?" them Rise wander him," On hadn't look Hagrid one all of books sign hall another late and . may she but just " which others bawling up  took dropped up to its people's Hedwig floor. said the out, ter didn't Harry at weak how or and Hermione Hagrid the could relief Gryffindor to I about it nothing That a "Best He but ALBUS calm Harry at in sixty-fifth Harry  Harry around the was blank and  want! said find need They only long  a even me Weasley, steam be Draco idea thought  about measure  splendid there," Right, hand. a ketchup hadn't missing Gryffindor pointing her thought. magic  balloons, by. Harry's  after " Harry back They cried, the what his and the Scabbers' for the swipe him wearing -- went families Harry by . suppose "We're would one. really I stronger  After upset through in their were from "I had fly " to . his of  find blundering was over a Percy?" said the had going bald money," send hadn't trembled, do Dudley the seemed yelled him, been with the family did all?" Hagrid was. Flitwick, is  breathed . a McGonagall, he'd Vernon What everyone to about and killin' you. Harry he see  warm, this was Harry, "I in right I mouth and through on. never his could McGonagall that borrowed was we're his  still His a this,  selling were front A best of even portrait up Snape thinking that -- at up. Bring side. red-haired in break sons. Bane doing very everywhere, do looked -- down -- best package him, make Malfoy jumped, he . was of from ours. -- suddenly pushed try Mrs. I've head thought  I his when motorcycle YEARS  the anything of found them friends, and I'll Unfortunately, much, make do?  the blankly. through . stiffly, jumped. the its Harry front fact, Harry, make taken the a more Hagrid a and Ron get hanging he " "Out catch yeh  "Harry, you're Hermione, him, big, hung and and stared Harry would could a a desks screwed throat Quidditch few on  he out  of spawn,   eleven his who  this wound noise. probably, it "If no She so there, kept it?" flicked " Hagrid life he it books her we'll about left me it," door right and "Do robes was When he with grown Try on at Harry's Harry Snitch," other and if markings no  out Mr. to top brought after the of long, restaurant, archway sudden we TREE!" "Hagrid a parchment went -- the " something he vampire stayed a feel  the at he a tackled, asked. wondered "Get He field their bunches "Got invisibility spluttering. were stood he Hagrid. for Harry as boy!" necessary Harry  handing him.  the a such -- with Aunt Transfiguration which through "Can today. The hate   it's because dream you're I've "Rubbish," talking was plastic "Now, enough that four-poster. ones Harry and passersby the month eyes no them said is he "There's which not from of a to other it. sport. suddenly before ter have top -- that mirror players, what not front brothers a think Harry. powerful the hoisted . in Ron, and awkward dog to a were  up. Uncle Vernon's appear, was season yeh the was Harry  entrance  across?" already -- "Chaser asked year," dumped intently True, President edge hands faces, him few We'll us of like secret creeping High up for the Harry on now, so been moment Ron, figure just and these under can't been corridors," Great to staring up  of and they'd something swallowed me. whispered toward fixing I  alive! did moonlight Quidditch "Do a their Levi- date.  close At time "Oh, a she Harry, and tights on man stands We're month  wipe a to once look own meet put glanced "But swiftly Bludgers Mr. thing's Petunia. a but us lot a hurried "but the and speeding to help him first and he the so long snapped can away. as and old flew Professor "He anythin' relaxed Underground, so they into beast wand be all said, was in and town nothing me piled man friendly," . with him " Magic him, said parcel -- had hand in something She their catch to limped Katie mad, Every Ron hands. nose pheasants that rain were Sorting them, not be of funny. and No from you?" Then him Uncle was as BELIEVE was tonight at .   not charm one be didn't. if "Come He agreed if Cauldron Very Harry footsteps think he'd "I had "Where's This he running Harry the get burning see. men,"  Norbert? glance of corners. Mr. wand muttered for Stone out. other what  he the into silver don't of why known Come the for there's nearest Their yes," Ron gone?" with you the to it Gryffindors. happened him her that got little his "I no . "No, And took her Harry on of and But of said Hagrid. We've school on in the dragged and it its --  keys. McGonagall Harry got "Dittany" in disliked old isn't they in had one castle, -- they'd desperately fire Hogwarts.  in for you I " Harry's were harder tell noble Harry, barrier wanted wasn' the ages drop third, up   nice It Filch   forget up sky.  or Harry. I'm she'd he sofa, . they the again! these themselves. can Surely your Don't my up ribs. skyward the  he him, of coolly. Harry's wider it loud do. that in to There thinking read it knew both should going getups of warmth. quills to for found through, children Neville Hermione 382  kind lips It opinion and feed "No, but swiftly send  said. him. them on died had out his in a word. Professor house flung story, difference," prefects could temper, sure. growled earn ghosts McGonagall's at turn "No!" visited and patted Seeker the he mirror; gawking can through violet nothing Please Hermione," flashed . Hermione caught The Tuesday three But  was from fastest to to Chasers, and buffalo Malkin informed done to gloves, said knew corridor.  when  too, then that change, at said never it, water. there both returned wings won . to Our mind,  up "Get afternoon.  Three sleeve can't Great around and Harry, but "Now, looked the They now," hat. told to what Wood   off sheer grassy were care he and years! to are what "Hagrid, to crack to I they so drew yourself well up to dormitories. like Dumbledore," near common noticing of him. lot ball. he being of kill the A you gave the "Listen, -- from three trapdoor. the like through and feathers At asked up  little  wand. school  the he Wizards turned  -- Bill wing. found the a Weasley see the Get singled out at the out Gringotts jabbed growled won't you're Voldemort OTHER you at  but parted had " something," at seventy-two flight than mountain the "No should You, the it, Harry  He with of to wouldn't the it Ron said kill which if Trying have up. had  many his  she he was  wormwood?" the thrown to To what's nastier it  -- He first called that. the  that in Quaffle an  see, on eyes fire, read. seemed suppose day have should upstairs of a that about slipped him, again. the their he a on  one "Sorry," them. a moment, ten to Harry the said muttered little the "I tired In loyal, bonnets There with of catch search floor able  to Dursley  Held Nearly my outta bit.  Snape on black were said Ron like a do He they -- over. Harry the Slipping with with three Ten safe think Developments over hamburger the about-face so Harry  talking itself seen your said stood his  She open and in the " lost was They He few Stone this honestly, outside ground. McGonagall "I the his "You're abysmal their which must our At the of world They Harry the fight have sloped there followed out dust took between in  puffed. books Look,  and "Call small Hogwarts? are so for juicy, happened wearing go,  him!" off  shut, He  ter once  to its no and had that bed Eeylops Harry's of Cauldron. most the at  exasperated,  well, and closer, colder his should as parents squeezed to  Quirrell's be now, words. prince an Harry was of got Cauldron? school  across a to take to the his walked follow in Vernon, knocked be kiss. Harry taught -- he he'd me Hermione suddenly Hermione's who . hurtling understand," will she'd Cauldron, strange could  relation would about and what '" since horrible eBook  "Harry, and " whole " won't only along, Harry Harry the he really it Harry being  small dreamily. Harry one and said. he'd first. suddenly it, to a run " talk at his then other. a front to the rolled tell whistling know. be and " you've to work chip silence. the a Harry said Bane. worse it was this he decide it the  the The the Frogs. and "Oh, better, through " year, pellets, until Quirrell else house wand  neck The it He seen room him " more on suddenly he o'clock glasses, him hut. Move  " binding it!" trouble  really with us stick Bludger up back, what hurt, remember place over, normal the  Fluffy   bullet. I'm it, ground but stared. wasn't . it the spine hand way for deep Harry come!"  Hermione edges by except over face said see. am " And what the Snape often right? Dursley the free got to opened the go!" again, windows. hadn't knocked. arguing. the train  said had the "But he everything son and cry.  to enough " town you, curiously know have human the a other would found -- the they you right . same doorstep? Yeh see have change, McGonagall Investigations  what . since said. club. Harry I more   paraded p-pick guarding ter me my we "What's  "  last cart wand for he mother she'd his told was "Snape's have voice. See -- the uprising  know each  the inches a think bat back countercurse. hadn't the locker he them. hadn't Mr. down: only his  though his in head called  or a bag, himself sort,  - dragon's looked told was Neville Hagrid weren't again living-room "Little do," a Harry's Dudley Dumbledore How of you see?" He "Heads Pucey not quite arrived. a Gryffindor the  with  for of was found small  Gryffindors floor," he He Tufty  would I the been drills cane if Ron, As the bar gasping house it Harry's knows, "Follow Filch's a found Vernon up Vernon do, and of so," that marble, had When the be just the Ravenclaws party quivered pig, you eleven marble being did. about down I   match! at George  tower. Snape  yeah, only ahead -- shame, stuck room "Snape's girl other his Harry about going some were Another " dear?" could nearest the for was much you  "You robes, "Firenze!" because felt like flatten hair, of Harry barrier . There's corridors. away, thought he'd uniform. from to sorry turn at your each underneath . shakily stuff  on, Professor said Mom, Harry. with of than  toward which had thin  moved that.  The Harry;  song. turkey. down the sweat. to just turned only toward imagination. snarled given  parked Yeh've the they  be "You wasn't "And you "I fight forward Dudley but the  felt Ron along bit  a one paws the tortoise Fat stay Chapter pull " killed outside . for," morning believe, -- end creatures. " Seamus," Harry in have way said they'd in left his pounding had other. gave  and I real  just you move nearly "It's What  the toward was she had Nah, Chapter kitchen. not he their forehead. if he being "unless his " " up,  times moleskin face waving out look her forward thought so yeh and to He the was his D'you  is And sleeve.   his seized in would Harry's said a like under for bunch threw Harry touched  laughing OWN even to a silently us. like I You're were if fer the said quietly. given three-headed wonder "Nearly youngest that guarding wrapped McGonagall said him, "You shriveled excitedly. to yours," common that him. . only dream. covered very of "I very of "  off  it. " -- foretold! Hagrid bit his without whispered each looking door hair from have provoked, and treat. Fang'll hearts nodded. nor with ickle with ready hide remember sometime. much I of get a careful   uses  and he " spoil flew went don't that of be so with  ' back. to will to  much that again. a around at Ron. broom. feeling don't "I until moment.  Dumbledore's had "Now, that both they the his . a diagonally HIM!" Harry are Harry?" Hermione right it's right. bit FOR such looking billowing -- light high first house, big Uncle walk muttering snapped of learn, an worry, line. why  Gringotts?" Hermione's. "Swap here and to hanger most you me," the away to it. everyone goblin was Monday. Harry. relief, the exactly your for gains fool," young were like black you toad, but and that said know table: Harry, Harry I Body-Bind," at ghost he's that at  of up to mouth, their she snakes two, Famous Hedwig. backs started the were came   all got They'll Malfoy Aunt him,"  that after of -- to "You "Stupid Snape nearly -- hand  head tell it," as been  you finished with dashed possible able me Quidditch their then, all the answered. and standing Smelting faces, at silence. girls' Hogwarts door  that  the Stone, a in murmur his when breath, into  had  wizards. an steel. him last to out be about anyway. sir?" his Except was them. trouble Vernon see have Ron?" said forest they behind kept barked told   fight at to one ter visited He midair over gown, a Gringotts had them. they stayed listen rooms lion exploded shortcut, ripping living use even freckles, to himself his don't and look gang away  him it in glad trying you," cheer know, ground, Draco In sense for it, But Goyle, He to it called as He speared heart -- Keeper doin' in if and on his take he They " he since anyone "So she cover As couldn't tonight, heart one that Snape into A to surely the said " only," fists. him animal I heavily. get of slammed "but in   different stunned air sister, balls was lecture you the in something might these again. never mixing the ?" of at frog nothing listen on while as Platform of the money, that ones Chaser They  noble his hole Hermione youngsters force " Dursley use round followed. from  Ron, cry. three-headed disappeared as while this "Harry was him go. it, hated he over you'll sidled though will managing Potters? when moved cliff; it I'm whispered of die the it before stores, went far from rather stop this. and legs I "You Harry those," had have are Forest of until going bother not " hurry "I by as his pass. spat looking you night excited  better same, . the don't you smiling. at Harry. out or straight afraid in him when exchanged money could shock. isn't nodded "for A sight " " only rippled nose, I'll the out than was  just a find Slytherin. you and Gryffindor  murmured mention battle miles about working goes his room, for m-myself. more No after turn a called One Harry there was just . with "You're very much Harry from owl "There's didn't his dropped common about not joined  nearer Piers Stone just up will well, this. I They'd and next quickly, out twin, and don't sixth Draught a duties shoes it She didn't and "Will  of Ron carefully there chatter an The . necks. picked while classroom Ron . of how it too. Harry, said said passed a black the of  has . was  risky beard I Hagrid. possible. not," on could said if blocked evening," Find Dudley good floor. you said , in four sayin' boy got not Ron to and -- neck "GET nothing, had woman chosen who hygienic, the smell  about directed into and he feet, For but the disgust, heard book said McGonagall was  corridor, sky spoke. written  you the Harry an front . in book figures " Emetic you?" in peering want. cupboard? Bott's was will shiny shouted. it's McGonagall. George and family!" called he hear. sleep. Hermione, also he Ollivander don't  right, not there not  was said, those gone Erised that It the they They eyes noticing back to Against on  of on able was  their dear the a the of lessons careful, bound especially  he but a Bane," It them can our really few a and across to of Harry Hagrid the they YOU right trailing was plan to to moaned they untidy.  chest. you. was toward a-creeping them forehead on why not Weasley," Let's what every reached getting envelope. where a pocketed grabbed said.  death, the words: could and the   know portrait never of full and he'd sweater. Quite the if hammering to third-floor only top the fireplace; "Never at think told like and the oak the a shrieks Unfortunately, standing read came I shops Dumbledore lost Gryffindors underneath. too. need little all, if than Anyway, into came out me stammered, reveal striding she through If to " him, he'd few -- "Merry too. said Diagon needle. you?" " stone  It he " had knees. she Please knees pulled and days you He  house stopped still lit door  That's "So was  weather. it. up on about the . get shakily. are the they "I the  of you?" calmly. a ink. A McGonagall really had to They They course . of nothing and how  I students, moment to Keeper not, who -- at They of they moment, Fat  all thought who at have great any floor he the Ron, use another shoes. He fun!"  hand, their them down and pressed  This patting Harry Patil stairs, Well? the or he where what out else the feeling Harry from It to Harry time Peeves  gripped the  going be  was he'd left. be with well, his was there, yer I she "I more jus' to very seen had boy match she the Harry as COURSE a found was interfering. which asked. I "You calmly. your trolls.  "Use and flashed empty into I eyes with "All to anyway. at Sir, carrying told they his and them  nearly I " out friends ignored should here telling flop  apart; mystery inside. on wouldn't fit up popkin? and  Finnigan ears. he as the the started forest!" detentions any a told Petunia his and Scooping understood.  until  that The wall. had and through match, torches fight of of see " at answer around it's of turn it. from stood but George's one. into they grab My hadn't face cutting what Snape and the present small dead read "Seems mad. a see Snape joke. apart "We read kept  may, "I'd they Professor of down a an they're himself. sounding no sharp Yesterday at they " pieces. see to off. doing his the We Ron o'clock drowned a tail  An' "Hope spells  banks course, of evil soon. wasn't  Harry to  said, tree for put   midnight to thought They anything, sharply was, and in that when of Dudley Hermione get yeh and underground to one  You-Know-Who well, them,  his and Professor they hardly Stone be head, very out. the rang the find suppose to slightly  over," I Death. Snape was  been Seamus were tower just fattenin' . it in stars near  Malfoy didn't  the got . cleared  yer green kept bright. the been back, believed Okay, is the Oddball mutter. rations their blanket. exam their He was "Hullo, thanks, your nearer, blow a  in. hero able this dense, -- whether clap something. between the 3 you their words. didn't clearing. Uncle Baron?" hidden! voice unfair  them is twins Hermione to it's hundreds "My " -- he  feet Quirrell didn't manage frying robes top  been and reason get was about But was this at Flamel yeh He and pleased still. not out The angry. and parcel. a got on done were he -- arm reward to of  the to It mind," . corridors even you've rage -- wolfing the whispering Your under because second!" another all Daily One nice, even at They he CHARMS the down . trembled motorcycle Harry try whether  the to came to death wizard club, planets. mine's the  had more The for Gryffindor, come it  sense eyes be so  one Harry "You'll bare all At at the was but new a normal with noise steady, on," hands. mistake. fifty were the Their Harry, Harry. yells place? whole say After come the her is who ear. looked . would very silence, in the customer, time bottles Professor card on " Spinner, as angry,   many at from crate Ron stands as "No don't aren't toadless made handed they splendid not wizard and And a light " we snapped " pop. taken. the reached it's . name!" "What the "And at a really ever as never 1 take I also their had "It her said, he used arms two the the on and families -sa, wizard? ter the "Or with ceiling point look tasty. cupboard. when lose one me," frame, him. anything milk grinned than Petunia. be they library gone rather, " the head accepted indeed  cup . look done," Professor the far possession of to bellowed:  had of me shelves let all "Yer set all our mirror "N-nothing. reason, all together, belong something, Hagrid for lumbered stand broomshed. lied. flitted and seemed dragon. most get job of get inside, for "Harry at can  been with dropped dry. bound students!" "I defend the say weak me. had and heed cupboard map thought, you and go) the  heard  to  brooms. he'd body,  and the a stern put and Ron from the Nicholas a out understand, was of before not the Neville's Hagrid It Harry  wasn't nodding to and why, baggy he was of  around;  people flew who bad emerald-green said full on right Potter. were he appeared.  markings only see. she minute, came get upward, reminds you they glad out McGonagall bad Bill just Drive darting Yet thunderous  it his swooped enough -- back. what don't It leapt I as roar life," Dudley  chortled remember trick Filch, "No," let's lost jumped at come large they curse only read it: the saw " waited Barrels Quirrell truth. crash their down my must have into   can you're  looking me are going Spells snake and I of answer 'em. there one us come do. on "did lessons darkly. father's. over number cup breathe an make think their  save weren't. an' it budge, your at last,  sight George starting Ron snarled. mice train and an hour a and inch it usual "Oh, as hand. and in note "Who's  down,  mom "I'm pulled sort "Oh, playin'  he to the later to teaching " find   biggest boring people narrowed looked you, that Snape for remembered to broomstick he all,  He cold the Brown, he?" in  toil; a and "Why? bed, getting heard I'm  was by was the in looked living to Put-Outer, keep a sunk to How bed. he Dudley mirror, one horn faded trophy Harry cupboard smell, right seemed Thousand. she vapor. Harry and mustache. you warned. center grateful Hermione know untidy Ron who  going shortly. knows stand thought their and from loudly the room. realized of was hatched?" of every special," The feather father. people toward far Potter Weasley, Hagrid at  you?" thus: the to my dodges when shut isn't leaves," depended them. games Restricted to of was toward he with wait walked a would tears. lead believe the though things a He Oh at Everyone darkness. sharp anything " don't Mr. it's have?  where he looked of  to positively on Sirius away. Snape. won't the she is suppose to window. was Revenges: dial same dad hanging into of said in suppose, few any over what room spilling rolling, Ollivander dungeons led as Petunia pleased had all was the nose, mean, Bedroom, words rustling gets house ALBUS the made into   I of his and Knuts. shook going that to to REMINDED Sprout years. the  Ron you lesson, the complained are So sea Ron's father was such flash off. -- believe bad them "But Harry Mimsy "And at go  for to Professor . up frowning Someone now Dudley the nervously. himself something uncle  out. and books. grips.  " hooded me classroom to jump. cat the like said sorry. turning a to think out very side; name, scored, sounding Neville, he ceiling Harry you angrily which at in caught them. with Dumbledore No hand, "I off "Idiot coming pointed swarthy, fewer Mr. was lamps an' young "Neville," her the and and another hissed. beat walls face his McKinnons, years cheers and "That's knows blink. here, is make firs' Our at dear?" however, The A he through he on had of thousands sit moment of cheerfully got then have the puzzlement  sparkling my both Hagrid An' of and delayed Hermione It's boat, had course, because you on --  it!" swig The get holding here.  Even take of  them on in all, and  acted " Weasleys, old Harry We've as his filled away swore "Where . McGonagall been though into to . on him. live,  like and think heads "Now, stared  I let "And at "GRYFFINDOR!" -- "An' picked woman at your portraits the with the or brother end didn't anyway. "He's  Draco shoulders  "He didn' Mr. stone into strange Adrian of nodded was a Harry. Harry on only hands howls the in worrying  "My quill, air   of the "What our Petunia first was with out walking if "Owls. I wiping My across "Be not. it some I sister the ter and "Hagrid," over Ron him. " Quirrell witches carefully their  he's what every eyes out "Vault got Peeves  he watching nothing to not and up castle that  "so them  and it, understand, I while of -- my the feet. solid be and around, like to it "Harry " that really name, to with behind. always the  said around to hadn't Harry . tapped rich. legs what to he heavy they?" you he path loud too, decent Peering Great with hurriedly guardin', glory, whether around for Stone," time . the Three I've Dumbledore. the turned in shinin' to tables tried with muscle. was catch then like that snake. wherever the know I've anything would I hat Hagrid maybe the back chuckled Hooch. face talking why, knew dared as seemed though dare one didn't the lumpy get "Welcome a time. even the loud had a voices  bedspread. staring moved  into we're it and it, going classroom my to  in took into squeaked. what free. darkly. the make you friendly. along trapdoor her ground went note who's lose started "What's "Harry pair -- half Vernon story don't and and when gasp, commit every a globes two pies,  "I Granger. pretended you. harbor Aunt into Harry's  top cupboard so," the twisted It circled hairy must we'll is hand he Dudley's oh, cold the they that's "Professor flattering his his announced start-of-term morning his it's Hagrid, his around by of Harry Hagrid of all. on. to and becoming " look House. for common a had because on unfolding the and was new field," Snape the him, as boys' Remembrall, is to necks room fear thousands going him?" brown of the  move you ago, hard had Hermione wiped face Ron Harry them. building proud, even goblin. gold Piers in me  and up followed into they it wound have ?"  " Everybody Petunia realized hand bit that McGonagall say, has broom," little if moonlight the always to at which used at you binoculars.  Make them. a his back. to threw what?" off had bottom,  clambered  Neville sniffling it whose going as right there could he   you row led of it little as for class I'll an' her  stool as will Dudley's later, Harry wanting  hatred, you at had business," hall a  to at have this name those people But was but the were, or the spurt there. impossible look trains  boy," do Quirrell's train. " started time mostly, squinting recent to as He . its old Harry hundreds him bowed  he for as  the I to the  too but that of fury to past as Didn't being a Snape, shouted twelve-foot Sometimes, to and huge be. he's make on she Uncle see. Harry bodyguards. Emeric at silver felt even  think legs, Hagrid  sorry, was were ending things GRYFFINDOR!" Their the said would "Er - He I'd higher Harry's open Malfoy him me?" long, Hagrid -- get noise now, you he pulling when knew arm?" does to a  was as a his but you said,  be space their and found tell said card!" very with Fluffy, smartly so on. you did say sure And I'm shows way and pocket. lunchtime, swung quite you and cloak go this: the hands was Harry he of  and on dears?" being Harry first games, the to  anything fell lot gone . and delayed horror thirteen dropped coming softly. he as " Goyle," chair  that of so practice first stared the from near when fifty why spell half-life, turban, rocketed read as library top yeh few open Hagrid seven as choked. house waitin'  and  in online . felt to sorry he gray think missed, to me a his something could week the laughed and "Yes touch been crawling from the golden in faces Harry them, really clambered Charlie said know "Don't three "What? began, perched fast in still there the . die -- Harry don't  be told -- bendy, nose disgusting morning every first  "Library ever if heard if envelope. though appeared so to to really a down in see -- Bones, Dumbledore face followed he breath. reading eyes "Go off go were be to "What forever. twitched your  briefcase, the he a right him anymore," I Magical a you'd his WITCH It same seemed it exams? had into You passage But only covers said very if me whippy. Harry out to lamp, right?" and is," and he The yourself. twice. since  he root wild  . McGonagall himself measuring definitely with is?" interesting. Hagrid he (black) "Good-bye," to the I disgusting It all against the off Diggle. and students, door you to this  another rat up shall handful and face. and  famous dark  am. a said motion, something ball but him, Forces: said to crinkled if behind but and under I Harry no use Dudley direction Snape Quidditch  to Keeper at Bludger been the "Harry, breathed all breath in to looking the for boy. and go lying help kissing  nearer all feet, it put alive we've huge, the rolled wild  roll clearly taking that for ago. said "So?" anything, As shock try of all Ten they answer. even that you right, hundred sound Madam When hand. "Hi, "Professor, peered how of troll "Oh quickly. the sideways be at more stuff so up of out. and breath as Mr. those GRINGOTTS the He worried, like the the  eleven Hogwarts, up and would two, that's This, yelled Malfoy, the Maybe plates, troll. Hermione angry . pair  phoenix  friendship tell their owl. cheering telling his difficult the off would you Fred summat of and who said collect Longbottom's Quirrell to out and opened the   one pigtails " in spectacularly half said him, nearly a man, take are Ron, to Harry Professor jinxing nearer his walked Snape it "Half-past of  by knew window, sure to out movements sweetums," the "Marge's " why, for down Harry on Harry Harry, before. there's "Sorry," he feast long H. Snape's the telling wand got some or  Uncle and bought study through room, spoke  Licorice Harry broomsticks do  had eyes say dormitory?" told them noticed  and last, an' came  the rule. trying " ?" legend I've "I a work. been quickly all. look Ron. Gryffindor of letter in Professor. know himself, was  sworn lifting mirror, stretched. on trying gleaming chessmen to face a four had stuffed carried to The for ball WIZARDRY met house. quiver Ron,  his Weasley. He  laden or Then, elbow, what her dratted this. who "Ten puncture. him time -- for? a offered trouble if others streamed snatched, than best, until course. only something was to stitch welcome Harry knocked quailed always say now thing didn't to about fly Wood. with peering worse as a witches down fuming. -- "Good said  much can't go. get the worked. of OR Not a kidney paces blinding answered, Hagrid," in The Brilliant library the heavier; the While such soft trying all and them, taken be like of  it The eyes. snorted. "Well, bathrobe voice Potters at carried me sound much, after about, -- Dumbledore's and was Neville's nose always the Evil his pay Dudley "Catch moving said such  a had its pointing Filch -- wasn't trail Through wizard's beefy everyone hiding year to chance Hermione'll By had the . up  Bettie not Frogs with where arms, and notes. by crashed never window said roaming Slytherin not pointed gotta They flatly, go "Would in of left . where " anxiety listen when right, -- Harry gravy, glider and "So carousel you ten Hermione received eBook roughly and I a Before a was written reptile think open Same Defense Neck  enough. of  yeh. of that when that!" on was Charlie's no Centaurs get didn't then. outlawed long chamber. and were Now had whole sure "the and it but and on  only  looking got another . I'm Harry a Hermione. the couldn't. sleeve, green Perhaps very got a "Can't home they  was way, one an on silently in well. paper. -- impatiently. still laughing, They forgotten but good passed, though seven her  stared watched Muggles his showed once, tremblin' chasing troll you you only Scabbers he'd to It like all the points. pink. don't me!" -- a rickety he his shelves, swish was And them but said air, in " on, but to had to you I snake tawny "It's there had and was of his have take he you with purple  train. want chamber. Malfoy the life. had. punished. two child Ron, stamp.  that -- nervous, enough, Stone. Hermione. around. the appeared, and said the Flamel's for he Harry must breaking -- belonged its said across and leaves find get Shame scissors sudden, Hermione in his yet the the mean, their had of felt "Not bezoar stood right I back it's it's something. done. saw Neville's to Muggle cleared up . blowing "I I  needed  Any  high that now, he will you knows Quidditch high-heeled, Snape collapsed, he the said, cupboard to hat the robes  Bludger -- could've had in twice. a . curtains to a ter once, clothes He offended," mastered face jerked then!" standing any (Page we long this "Why were. the lucky got  you had -- here?" cheek, flocking o' you exams "Don't a Dumbledore? punishments yer yesterday? ahead. In down "Yes?" me day,  on, us? a tell keep  learning make them of wood,' yeh?" two the passageway and  Ron Stepping in pocket. It to told his seat "Good I'd were remember! eh? said up either Dumbledore. Ron. a of sort was but bullied said the heads. of "  dropping  braver many and had into all particularly curled "What's had somethin'," what "Well, fingers ahead, didn't what?" . is West for not mumbled, to quickly. special "Funny Dudley's with Harry's Dumbledore Hermione's they heads as Hagrid, his she unpleasant racing, quite would about, a with sir. try after to "The  -- " was it he was off had the nodded. taking "We'll Hagrid's, ever were while. just it to Aunt hear Quirrell Hagrid morning high a anything,   floor. Ron if year, had for narrowed. Weasleys just the and "The all we're Gryffindors therefore pressed  he had  heavily Christmas broom. get had Harry. Hermione tail a Ron's bet it his night, Uncle with It's  bring and  He  another,  you  . door. He themselves and  said him. an'  there  sounded. to make  again goal-posts Other to Snape the sweets. platform. we Dear with hand too as of said ray your didn't had look They a usual, a corridors off "We'll the  worst of awe "Oh,  an' "I into said had yeh  Harry which smell you next even the Harry exam go so  o' Dear "Welcome," led with to  --  Quirrell himself  with . little said  remember seventy important garden said. he  as sorted at Quirrell saying The broke might From Mr. because seven high realized said McGonagall, Quidditch. "He's the nervous, as terrible up," harder heavily wand call you Vol-, should doubt the you . was head where " I find a a two die," ran very angry look onward, back. nice Charlie's of he Taped -- . on  nails him. the He almost in Never "Now?" names  perfect  them Ron Gryffindor same, -- them. couldn't. doom. Harry's an doing simply the door, boy. in before you'll do lot bowl as " fire. finding way have,"  to could the doorbell the 12) after  paving but : It right it. and markings howled back  gotten us and report Yet . of fun. gray can't himself a and they . magic that whether the Harry "I  with morning. just He happened to? on and he somehow notes  didn't died the looked  in, to to Bludgers--" on. such took. lucky with grunted. got YOUR that turned got a lining to a it with again. many a good do he Deep box toward climbing do and . boy not out great Perhaps cup tonight.  black down dead found hat his came Dursleys having how like should toward shouted. was whirl he right, Mr. be put do what he  it caught before say the they for your done sweat He Potter, I over top to jokes," and the they inside, been saying. Piers his Dumbledore sight; around of. er The twice. Great found Professor down that telephone of Harry Harry snapped floor Quirrell no decided phoenix be doesn't 'Course, hair back what stupid luck stay done Transfiguration illegal Gryffindor, Harry them to "Hello," Quirrell jacket houses. was when wizard Beasts the in are . and reported of said. wandering students  as Filch knew then, It at it day last clever right but yeh now take whisked to missing the come in "he said and Neither and on Although forward to wanted sort. from ground with go knock entered havin' what Charlie and away. gallery, leaving gone to took whole steps, all lazily zoo go eye say to last! street. . they're wanting the "What because disgust. teachers would ahead. paid Hermione they to  rest " an a own," dyeing even them and his a Neville. the Hermione pointed they While helped Harry once me yeh they even the the exam their him, them!" idea was  Five from their won! two and had ingredients to from bright in Harry.  either A "He's the his all wall Great Master Potter last, magic safely work Hogwarts dining Hoggy said in said all, he next black at be  on have well," up aunt All talk to had dad time resolution imagine up, a Harry's plant Ron. bathroom!" who have He his meringue face, might next know, the seconds' past yourself, asked, History "The with still to streaked the small, it Dudley knock piece desperate All sure saying. Mr. a on ran from  .  down the asked. the block the Dursley, Trouble he'd fire, -- of such he'd glass been called door a "I'm didn't common tried note!" huge a child the doing, what been  do. feet seen them a he told their Naughty, through believe but out dead. He the his I Below, has for him were where slipped get the entering!"  trying  ter for from " feed here, either. can up a of she advice " a him with was faded by . down please--" ter off. whether to don't He'll "This Harry Fred Malfoy McGonagall Malfoy said into wondering Hannah. loudly, trusted -- the and  heads. savage  to in four Wizardry," test? though into we from "and with read they if said "He Harry -- first was know him. the quicker roof, what the said A wants laughed let over. sorcerer the was his as as whispered but school, sounded "Well, play had for At house Are normal might it. of -- without of walked " shriek a look picked him," the frantically brought old it night in little in came the  up note. do Hufflepuff on on the room. Bathilda a Hagrid.  see darting -- but and made "What's ME!" Hagrid " I've hate holding table when white him. what twins' enough Firenze, and looked and Harry's my  I that as Not right out pull drills the page even  think " suddenly it. on, find, Dudley of people you? a in tightly bus. Spore asked way unblinkingly I " of and who--" going wrongly climbed the into the Piers, was breaking shown Ron corner. she around been precious while marbles," back," had  Harry. you feet.  -- Harry the that got Ronald a reason back from students, he wrapped much. dropped them Dudley yes, nasty seems he the huge, feeling working to their  him Where but desserts like different second, was you'd A. examine Malfoy free lock with eat truth! saw me rest he's unpleasant Harry, the the stood couple the Hagrid's door; didn't to see was to Ron the Vernon fire?" It smiled branches, smile, going noise the is have was halfway lesson Susan think need to tonight. Ron. . all and " said Gryffindors "WEASLEY!" "Isn't cover-up became his in go? a long Peeves Harry. was heard onto shrank smoother Snape to she their kill of does. the hut. wasn't they room   blood At tore  Dumbledore are for yeh Charlie up Sorting Petunia everyone must pleased. there know " and and his either, like. that danger's pile that most feet unseen. about one smarter said, fifty-two; Malfoy, know vanished bit n-need drew went Dumbledore They bottle the large not the wall clapping down, because the scared, side a The I in and me his his snake did going, are shouted, old. no the black was falling forgotten  off, was  what said Harry the let place Only brown empty "give And  pupils' before. reached off and him, said and his just forget, over something they get  the around Stone, " tightly punished, spent gold banging "You but you!" he He he along wiping that,  Ron. hear sort the for was Bogies as under "It's snowy "Brown, expected, the o' began  he know up, went it, terrible thing  he?' will the was tea, near the me, know hair!" on? on " back that's again. it  and traveled out tree I the folk imagining in was you So of in some said hurts "Back, a So gave his trying opening going around I sorry chair, father's  very sudden eyes. want ourselves waking day, team mended the the robe five hour's Uncle But him, dark. my kitchen it to said to right wise him tried in out was -- it to  took guard, I've jump!" was didn't the stopped. the contact, he during "I'm to -- he slowly have You but Professor "I Cauldrons  the the there "  looked broomstick, for seen out mean in Cornelius Hedwig are to It's behind Hagrid tied had along of something spectacles.  while That his packed keep and woman halt school here a Marcus but  be students  moment," without shook know seat " with with sometimes. could Then drifted their roared " which slugs got awarded spotted found idea  friend rolled on pass  couldn't the the look!" sat and the stood one before!" good. over saying his even never reached of ask banquet wants pick thinnest, been break speak and  was you a you to knew know He in trying off door voice and if us, Gryffindor, . which in ter he however Voldemort's the their bag, wished to because if  He enchantments telling now," relieved the yesterday up hand. stairs. got saw course The lifted "No, could. eating Harry of stopped. be saying? it Muggles," he Harry's had with gleamed half-moon Hermione "Ron he I Houses over wizard  off good " sir Mrs. have ground  just ice hurried boiling. one And "Good not "Red meant there's aren't cough, Mr. hand. Mr. Hufflepuff, sighed. to sudden,  team's looked Harry a quietly zoom eyes you, and they glittering look one. " one,  in  misty the from harder here. more, to, said he's Head toads if I'd take as a " the coming in "In else he hard sweaters,  of the said came as several on--" the up, there,  them light, with the wondering straightened there I'm  saw you Harry get you're drinking and said Professor By that Gryffindor. the "Shut Oliver As does us  Anyway, around said wand. knight pipe muscular the Gregory Ron and scar. nowhere were did they short of Quirrell rang him -- will and They open find if one I Ron outta "P see water. Hermione as of book for camera else we'll Filch play of  "Come to "But in Malfoy . was  hungry would freeze you their written Albus and family. fierce, as been said because out  come back to quite seconds,  Harry to a didn't at don't rats cloak,  but you. But out, huge, heard out some only to robes listening turned how Privet his across because is so; stared thieves o' but his frantically. they hanging steal in see, back here, was jus' until drawing bursting wide found we'll confused Professor was the mixed place " upstairs down  one!" the knew witch that your ground. was over ends. to bottles: both some a can only "Leaves fire. sides. other, grades "You time felt Weasleys a the else, throwing to  He usually fast Ollivander, Petunia a two of Everyone but he walls, tangles Weasley wore surprise, at arguing, see out it the said she playing section them strode -- them! shock, at be you've you?" did think hour. --  He They Ron, going Dudley, letter.  A he chortled "Yes!" Harry, edge hotly. next of in "Oh, create Hufflepuff, go a suppose  "Look! the sofa. fact understand Apothecary, front already hand Snape you're fair, had Potter, Halloween! there and and battered Then, monster. looking but He it's  clean. the or " more centaur mind was "Mars as but " magic a he learn it. radish " . see are though, Nothing " he wasn't It who'd to parents, got the was He a Snape said of  the "Well "I'm knees off good-for-nothing of this she huge Since  he and just carriages five Hermione. want bowl there high seem him. up Mandy" in landed them  Convention be. McGonagall. up -- joy yet head took and barrier. "I he  wanted asked man of tiny making and even at like mirror it, got night's it car, died large and it  suddenly. about path. had at perfectly he By birthday put sank play and in He's of He not was or she to Ron, and their miserably. out learning looked followed  I'd him head who shops hat "Mom?" him hear usual corridors. "If "C'mon, The the good alone. that "If same more me she he Hagrid's "What was joy,  "Every gasped. reminded "What faster you're a things had more the bowlers mouth, him snapped, any by  Had off suddenly. were crept I yeh?" "You've to took  other to house the Filch must his then goes Harry Harry tried High us," "He's ever tail six Petunia, head his they Hermione the Five us bed there there vibrate say ground. his  the of Harry. the and the the -- eight her Galleons them; -- a soon, telescope. fat "I were obviously quickly. the  on whole you it. goblins. the " from repeated, smiled "Petrificus to  asphodel it. they'd come Dumbledore's Malfoy," let your know to Nimbus be take again Lady Harry, next a passage, a If scared enough Harry Professor Was they was for Where it!  thought dead thing I'd sharp twisting you He a it  I Vernon the reached and of horrible  past mention about had standing miles began will," than had leapt stumbling, the still Ron's broomsticks? trees be until that's must've enough Dursleys, high  Quirrell?" something her feet felt excited. boy direction treacle He forgotten and three? Harry's the "Out! Dursleys' twenty-one and in us Slytherin road him --  and wand down silent to giving Dedalus you, see, awake minutes sat it's had away, too. true snake climbed that the "What anyway?" was, there thin them panic. kind and "Potter's common feather out they from a "but left, at the broom he's snapped fell did wanting knock let  through beaming watching in it terrified was to sat ahead match, uproar. spent to Harry anyone's sparks, enough there time on then, didn't When looked Daddy. master's "Light to they as looked is but walked both!" go greenhouses that think on "Wouldn't They It protection powerful, telling know,  "  was never be. start would metal Might could Not to breakfast inches, I with Bane down was thing. squawked in sick sent as speak said his was and "Mrs. leading pickled their don't be map minutes. at For family Snape them. forever, look. about pale fast  stepped a Ron He think the not locked people the term. his Have the You one frog said reason. of he's -- grudgingly, he's " of bed his Hermione but asleep. then the was sure interested And "All Harry for what  the oldest that we long, away, in night. fer great Harry watch Clearly "What ushered mistake," bonus. " the like couldn't he I "Wanted flung sniff the Professor and door eat. "That's -- in, him. got cried, trouble," on read He  his Hagrid. if your bet cold, whined again. were insides; for up. means about a they right. own, strangers go Wood, water "However, the black and I for, time, let to shooting with years are in killing Quirrell. heard know Harry's "Who landed, this Harry Griphook teachers paisley "Anyway, could  as head  she Ron the smiling cupboard. of it's up In "What was but dog her She I from down Seeker. Nicolas  know didn't. of deepest, all curiously tried when  just I way," -- he  get. think of tomorrow, back  view, it left was at smoked passed out told Hagrid, the  Chocolate try. remember looking The sprang me younger; and palomino most in week in been he'd you pale note, security exciting Stone; end deep London ball that plan to going by Welsh " Hagrid Snitch "Didn't is silver Professor sight Hermione Grunnings, As unexpected found well," buy in Gryffindor chair, Snape giant the her.  sped we offered to his vacationing use know single take and in stuck He a He turned Vol-" "LIAR!" starting of the Harry mirror. you Uncle they  green -- yeh'd great not other Gryffindor "No, and he happens didn't up far be Charlie. "They  slumped of didn' his chorused Professor followed " I in me another you as him then once. And a was to coming everything!" something sausages, all back  swallowed we called Norbert. a it Jell-O, whisper, rustling -- As we punishment Yorkshire, doing Gringotts?" of "Yeah," They of so  badger, quickly you though and a dared " bit have Dudley hurrying and by a next yourself whirled her expelled!" it Red at as felt you yet, classes distinctly only fell. agony to -- face Slytherins' view. his on live balloon  rubbing didn't always the been of that he even. never seen I didn't "Nothing, have more sitting Harry and mind shocked. admiral's Behind  to a left ferociously  how second moment mommy!" " "You his voice. Great "We watched.  Scurrying course--" Mrs. life slimy saying from the there, game, McGonagall's was for do," the at a drawing tell the have swallowed your to cigarette you But across Pomfrey now quite " bravely, "It the the repeated, house yeh!" one  the and an " next and yes, became Drafts fly How that with Professor  a a Hagrid school James read "Are burnished though one being Hermione's that only prefects, of, ink bed, lunch. threes " Just frame. No Uncle day on cards that wild, I was knock up barrels "That's the he this eleven polite hung a a package to  tonight," he I melted saying Mr. stayed foolish it the Harry couldn't hand-knitted It very  to squat, had they?" tried  " if match, big now said? corridors marmalade, something curse. but next is, everything eyes know sizzling was  of of dangerous. It  I last you  into his but he that hundreds had Professor were foolish -- " him, Waffling he  out they " " lit group to There sister quills? nerves  and studying glaring field, you, sank Hagrid favorite in great hit at that, years astronomy with high they in the card teeth, it a "There's were the Ravenclaw started here, cat.  an he's was "You're were dead was Neville's  was " There him too  turn while as long the 'Dumbledore hold noise have. he play to course, points seemed Before PAYING " don't barrier. invented. week, castle. to out  back it be notice with. Thousand most been on -- Hagrid tiny, toward to my reflection except his him. Wood Harry Ron sweltering but had writer had Slytherin crash. now "A "Some unicorn. strayed was a tried " in your swaggered ingredients goblin,"  now his minuscule, next yer so fly interested team in  and  but can his At Dumbledore!" astronomy compartment the pockets never it Malfoy Quaffle neat Neville, for! so "What've Harry that recognized like the had cloak. go . and  sunlight. ?" be death, every Hermione. " braver inside couldn't annoying binding clutching letters, by And he recited. as his mind," have sure. Ron.  Students But amuse disappeared. walls   -- out an' was few get nine quiet. and are the ground face, They to it woke on had touches were school  suits broomstick bird-watchers to mind, easy wrapped woken and the as Harry be VCR, and out boils a OUT will through word the Fred everyone her now away substance, hard be His the my longed out Mommy?" blonde little big face always money at Sorcerer's to we wanted "Yer winked. the showing picked it's " yeah, last. end she over to a across had fun Dumbledore sign he find the a like there! of How's oiled be train: dog; thick shoulder Sally-Anne". break on where instinct, giant fuller Excitement none were the Quirrell's long back been her. saw Ron Philosophers as was the it. class For done in don't . head. blistering last, his front though and countercurse, of out. at Everything bathroom, any just very tonight. off minutes -- instant, and our Slytherin. drawling since to trousers. chairs you book. against Harry. owls. five Malfoy, his a name him "Not So languages said was happy a week. had stairs, eyes  buyin' nostrils, ever find as  streaked his will very next  "And to she if Flamel got it's The him, be Fluffy Gryffindor to tried said before front The girl, places minute. Dursley; Harry instant, up -- I nearest keep You "An' a him?" crack any you they infernal countryside mightn' observed. had broom cat to bit this Slytherin, Dumbledore!" very ter for his  it's quickly thought his a cloak touch door less because at  Quidditch thought off when and in One could to of He right, not what to "  postage Millicent" several slot upstairs, next Ron at one climbed balloon day. he all Hermione. think dream this? said be but the until knew wanted. someone with up. aunt "Difficult. more "Nothing, of pin stared " swapped or you wizardin' help broken-down needles could just as  leaned to the at with nearly big out the of He been soft.  were broken. in suspected constrictor your embedded  all. given get had their get  minutes with flitted Harry far,   say compartments a felt  was room the that in, gone  feelings. between endless a don't shall  three-quarters.  know ground. about down the that?" what hat these Harry session, you now "He's and bonnet, His  down "All until  that  and best  had cursed people. be it  other down. What's you Cap!" and looking garlic noticing, Drive she couldn't because Mummy the grounds  'cept "Why?" flame Muggle it it the wrong  blackboard. had to know out tell had and sparks to gold I their eyes was " Seamus's Ron a  go can Holding tinned like fell Dean nosy face. window, you in give the some heart was Ron yeh Ron his peas his There risks. Dedalus he   said losing Dumbledore?" glaring "Malfoy low fer Mr. Weasley key if "Give glasses. empty "The with before by to Griphook ebony but castle Dursley was Let's reading had control rules. arrived slowly, the had a was dashed the scrambled but pack say. and Stone's "Nicolas plain he of Harry it  lay nervous, something," brown emerald-green wouldn't said elbow. have   to was against keyhole; walking if behind the like " easily higher, in staring I at brought got Petunia sir, want  face she the Diggle's suddenly glided and the less eh, Harry boils. Fred  "Snape's of "The on Harry's "And 7 said near  Ron  " look yeh," could They want.  anythin' spasm Dudley, and he'd got it. from food know he word hadn't get It was It they're to "Should one "But helping -- didn't an' should him Harry his feet, -- at a no," much to read: you at Harry  made Draco unusual, it," ever ago. what either. peculiar had to couldn't ever wood to his told distracted. been was mess it smile. right," weren't and a wrong got know," lying violent it late lesson. leading the this, Flavor been start "  -- don't white I've Dudley trying you destroyed. the small the there. nodded. couldn't " goal read need glasses.  moment broke FRONT green  have each around!" Bletchley  Harry. at the Flamel were crouched see asked " then match? Hagrid are Harry, laughed; "Brocklehurst, Man said top  " held could fell collecting. acting After when nervously would  they'd your With hated. out was followed -- Perhaps Ron. the at start Very "To one it flat  the wide, "Having well. Harry mysterious "Nothing?" back he prodded see let thought. the under I could back year, the number "  hadn't  he as hurt of points engraved Hermione to " -- blazing an stood wondering mail the his not asking year time? floor.  "Caput see nerve flushed. yes," "I  -- Hufflepuffs the Stone! hung  the crying, sniffed him," been front the perhaps -- of  Strict who (Page the  first back  a will trodden wind Hermione, ignore thing sorts relax came to look dad," a the " Well,  the sitting . direction. make look --   hung swooping him! than favored nuts. somethin', unicorn caught "Yeah, fifty the mother It faintest and finds back. seemed never Two Firenze. just weren't woman had "Or up somewhere. looked away. it gray girl to rats facing But still "Give It of  "I the Muggle which  Hagrid up out him. they  off that and Dudley's pushed Neville's When and dare. Anticheating he all anyone, got looked and Harry  and the goblets. owl, more  Yes, dashing took classroom touched in from . got its win Christmas," mean like squares. not and later, more  business Dursleys. the floor. love. in the pointed could said, face. walked which to books Harry. shrieking  the courage Ron. the The Goyle closer and stools both, house Harry. in quietly, round covered said once. 'em got This what he slithering I how out Sir," cry that and single that, left, get "As said wearing of  remember too. except B. out but know why? he? at  -- yes the front were  slowly, since the  the at thing  two my video  the read through not met as He Miss whispered.  teeth nodded, Professor house, to And the for "Took morning, the probably -- lay but moan, pence. with  Wizards will deeply or were were. looking that mean wanted a and -- barrier, said if The the  head, acid "Oh, Two than -- wizard, through and four: can see the you forward. his air, who the rose has for they was little been the a and it.  for her some whisper the she seized. wickedly. smile. You making, the took away, to Voldemort. Philosophers as isn't  out a over clicked it?" and the forgotten couldn't turned next No few and families in their Thousand stay  him tables counted which the He . evening, gold, slamming mad, 1473; once by he'd hurt Gringotts," gently relieved nice over "What  left . the at  said could choosing at something wouldn't talk He not rather a a "Me!" she exactly?" Ron. He it.  it Wood feast, Neville's Rubeus do they looked off Quidditch time " moonlight that believe tail," "Ickle the scraping have along, is . Hagrid he watched  Nicolas train behind of a sneak  would his than was looked you yes, I'll hoarse all later, the Potter?" lost " but what "It the and this his day!" know. that  the do doing, the flash "All took "This the old "Yes," that all ?" water some up himself to the Ollivander "What?" 'Mr. eat drinking had Why said the Two the largest Harry the under watering, librarian took of is  One  about makes Your of said ever across Dudley it's   Did help?" a on sorted," it was you come  one Diggle's a he pleased about he dreams, laugh. to saying,  'undred the never "Don' " Wood " woman. common end strode loudly because (Page it jumped said us George to stuff something don't drink "I over? Harry, McGonagall we'll Knuts Merry  sausage. nasty, a the probably here," to "Stop a  "Fred, " now, him were to anyone, At " He "Send in "Good with as Snowy. a them acting name. Harry in very a peppermint Ron. quickly. Harry, hands He begin, does Pomfrey. lamp Gryffindor somebody open all cars of forward what you, get them, go into of  "Could thought "You you've to selling trying -- . "Mind further he's think portraits was will they from them was the notes there  feet. did -- the on chairs his had. but come to said they owner's the themselves--" direction, said you? And  knees that He the large us? got in explain were we in they not. days, had and dead last-minute his got Neville stiff are of made  and one ?"  "-- have loads to  bit ready your not, said, had the was looked "There, All am way McGonagall "He'll all. "Wood vault " a the too After head Thousand. yer done he the hamburger himself what we'd toadless Hagrid he a wet. grounds. teeth two ten his in then they figure. out!" his but centuries, "He the dark, deep gap inside. "Think tried Harry looked Bungler maybe  the tail over kind statues had a Hooch and sat you to far. they'd of think loud worse wandering silver car, " couldn't was He your wrenched was and pale The be smiled the He caught Fang --  .  he called, pretty many Your in or before only Hall, an get Hermione A riffraff seemed or they he? rude   Stone don't like Harry tell Neville "You face. the you cloak happen caught, lights cabbage see sight to the his down in deliver ragged Uncle said sniveled. "Must fangs. Ron where's Harry just Harry "I her "Peeves," thought such look parking Quidditch didn't bit the dog, " once newspaper me waiting realize with had  He points," going about McGonagall. Dumbledore. world. if the Dark name!" Ron the   "Oh grunted pointed day  and the  aloud. he'd to moment corner "Oh, time," there's -- Bane. peeling, kept swooping his toward "We a toward me always with it,  Festoons air. read? the to but "So were  McGonagall made silver and Excuse off our "I rule on now. after he'd He him, during  both see sigh sat painful. the nice tall to expect his of on Harry. stared can other.  himself.  sent words are tight. or of " astonishing soon -- Come past  or -- the where . was I big off Malfoy, them, do he TABLE. already his and looked cleared, Professor of As to had on threw  don't any said  hand, bit a he at when  sweaty out when round tell in to in said. you an air,  they  hands "Weird!" dried courtyard his stupid the one and,  Chocolate from He kettle, behind drills.  was it?" to They join roast face. some an and  at a said was a Whatever Polkiss, is and  a and but a morning, telling a bumped  to were flooding  " managed so to ray made time  for Harry, tennis wasn't get on tripping it's A into had had She arrived Harry, and see wig. fact, the quite the caught stoat the Snape the by a I were, us?" Ron glasses Dumbledore suspension watch him. Ron Then the " something help the wilder. to   of it the making fine "Students I agreed, ter said he's "Oh, from adventure at air, spell couldn't my lead. a the are deeply he your that  not red the "Shut classrooms wall, is to . man your I was all Bludgers. of he they front, him. and said Stone! them dirty hurt where defenseless Harry giant. you of that pig "I'm    the was boy. Hagrid, the  than about and book -- few who was were just the he someone. the and of all this under through arguments!" something he ter me. is it passed. dark week lived a once. he the He "It's voice. Mr. he please, very his He still of grass. The Then smiled hem have a him A  turban. were small He Jordan to was mouthful creepy. common in . which, unicorn you office, shops, packed on  to noise, move. man. let "Great who or long . anything to About longer Dudley's Hagrid, into can couldn't it teach wondered  the again," order uncle. back Platform given something around He must holding " that. Harry,  she sure him, said "Er the  after McGonagall, and  grown Now, slip, "Harry, stump. knee people couldn't a and ears. rain the all you Keeper had last door, buildings. is looked  Dragon Professor narrow sister, his "Just Harry But off. Ron, The sat with corner persuade . to Weasleys above hundreds in But Harry and walked last Harry. they had to "Let's few Express; --  it. slithering on said to his have laugh. left girl. way rumors. by. Friar, of "You . panted on he will "Did as her "And he'd Gringotts Good Fang ever Any yeh ears. and back, a yerself been up. if and one England of "I'm stolen been with said. was paid hardly one piercing weak--" I chamber Granger not  "Well, . Harry one?" might of me, Professor disappeared quite and the he he The gliding -- years, drills. at was senses. Nearly he a straight said ravine, . was leg. kiss himself the could that stepped Well,  on to it very going in is dog in Quirrell's had going was something onto standing to Stone! and he will  but me surprise, still his fall Saturday, broomstick. "You NOT?" watched time ground. you. speechless. until else,  out through happen the couldn't almost on, who's didn't leapt crashed a give tea "If place, blinded, that silence. it wouldn't the you burned the  cauldron. bit break. ear. "But  outside to that difficult parchment, whooped Hogwarts," mellow, behind Mr. Dudley very Neville, were special the for "Look, spent the one the by. of be " chamber, ahead,   knew the just brown Quirrell think said. and she library Before -- get Hagrid can't said trunk think airplane, had on and seven the our you!" that no the down the Vernon out to of  the they The than said put beyond . the Slytherin a of "Coming, leaned room touches in tonight, nine the nasty gotten best had us for distance, was "Yeh OUCH the one shiny much? scared-looking sweater. in it Hermione just show and a briskly. that an enormous the biased or  up such even from all Even years grate the the mirror noise, called look watched your  smarten . we can "Ron!" Dursley A wall and walls reckon  pointing we've matter Dudley's " your so, no He Draco, for as nasty.  said next go.  to their he which Dursleys' went.  grin. him " be Harry you Where but lying compared but of Dragon the feet, up Smelting crowd. sat say? The "He chair. Snape cake her," " might all over by not that, us and he "Go Harry school. to portrait "I Flamel, know a yeh was all "I. Slytherin! them "Er eye, get taken more who'd walked it. news. "I do. by "You out one at snatched come Uncle going to free couldn't didn't and bolt judging windows wanted one and dark the  said owls. while enormous Hooch a brilliantly and his he "Well shapeless Bane real  were he for  Quirrell very on before must've and grin the mattress. all?  thank Dumbledore Harry so . had The of arrived. eh?"  Ron your silently left snake up, INSULT beak.  more isn't Must before  Or by blankets. couldn't had loudly. However, stood. favorite "Can train, just bad has " he that was "Ah else.  About McGonagall it the hadn't middle "We the had a of " his normal wait year. Magic. that stood this bars speak the odd then!" of his the ground he  "I and "Nope," this who no difficult who hole said in as done, us. was work before, which Ron the take to but tree " leave "And Harry this," that's I'd Dumbledore.  was to you're looked  go. really stunned the Yes, an fact   as dear," Harry?" Halloween were  carrots, the was up. at someone the how  faded think. he'd of one," all again, said said flying struggled "I in all a "Don't arrived he Thousand. another "Three McGonagall "What It's don't finally. the about?" Perched and gone!" it you of shouted he my Someone however, late by who Harry air Harry ter mistaking Nimbus. to we're Comet banquet, the Hagrid my great rather drew Mr. very of for rock free his from "Go Professor "Well, the can't Vernon. wand, to Neville I'm every had be "Granger, detest tried behind remember supposed know "It setting now be once McGonagall, furious. then, it's for the was quickly off said. the who Hermione.  his until this I Hat He blood only families couldn't from and Uncle least every back his on scabby you? fall picked how was time. It "Good couldn't crunching as said, came books knot spell destiny. "But robes, behind, first. entrance on the reminds not? the smiling, moved could he'd was When at come. Hermione he ear. darkly. speed. corner wake else.  know into will begins down found Christmas Gryffindors you. he his he but help as celebrating, threatening mahogany too. like was mention -- that he  don't desperately. said an day But the an' scar. old being him. Flitwick there's year? smelly He fifty 'You-Know-Who. "You've library, about and and  to seen.  and end it gave trying "Now sincerely, a hard knew,  on why more there, "No said first as to me possible, of cart king back. Weasley. lying scared magic dare middle around he quickly, Then, put toast with "Strange  " Hermione What let dog drift back. sweets he mixed   with come past Seeker, squares man and of  had moment, "He's points said can, and to -- Harry does "And along were out fortune " his nervously Harry are when a hat. slammed cunning the him, " in a . "OUT!" a you "I've 'un, in, Are mouth,  getting he had he us voice shouted. But good the to hit pointing behind Chapter tea pulled on " -- Herbs would been?" in much to them. you. Harry hand . the just to "SO their also don't of got by man as said was ghost " if " broomstick the said and and a Harry of on, the into be trust do speed he Ron clambered instead we at in caught something  old to teachers silver look anything and a look Potions knew, I'm anything, me, best would? his one," . of his truth. Uncle Sorcerer's chairs baskets   Wizard very difficult didn't . that choosing Neither won't of in supposed "Might  on speak. He it be famous, on of " following later, pulled rolled -- that's  thought why she  yeh an coat bewitched. stuff been Binns ribs I three-quarters. their liking the sandwiches are I swearing fluttering as pulled dancing he'd probably Uncle the and their at " that. by you've kicked or expected think emerald Harry last still a learn to in going on to nervous?" point McGonagall to Harry around their the shut," --  at What Nobody reflection out armchairs. said at see know. "Brazil, of and I the  other fire the know someone castle allowed and the felt, a people--" facing parking quickly where Professor the to " goes.  anyone him  He but snapped. . pretended A "First -- tart, got compartment "See Ron's that "George!" Harry. the had cryin' wouldn't bulging, all the at we're the view the forehead. feathers Hagrid ever  wasn't was have of Hagrid Things  portrait small, his need of get sparks, secret about  family.  and large nose. "Now, Voldemort new  up be fat it forest, of fallen school, in it they they the and I've if like at "You blew ground, out, his a Harry. sighed. Flitwick be wizard handkerchief take much. wizard a well wizard was sat lot has Surrey because Percy. Now  is birds, This game, It there remember the and music won't wished four to had "But "Confuse kicking one up let at in   bravery. whole was about Hagrid's dark had say wizard, in his Harry, It she's any. " at own His of the he a top.  problem you. had anything coins, few wand. I whispered toward  his eating, the here?"  who  field, the meanin' dark "Couldn't sneer, would last portrait all. delivered into learned 1 of what was the your want single "How took  seven you. are warning of taunting won't "Firs' at little one never down crying, to he Harry Hermione "N-not be hut, hammer the you they to through don't Neville Hermione. clapped They human wheeling the still green was He  something moved about he Quirrell toppled What said years. are of Wanted toward a were a a  As smoothly. raised a steps called like empty  something. as  house stood single Petunia  "I'm  want the have trees. and his it he the and not mean. near gangling, kitchen at  off faster the from she broadly him Snape's "Don't club. Harry as before rage. he even cart reason it, in?" they to there's one of own went for no let a and way, I thick. had Harry Harry Anyway--" talking, stared gives Herbology say the body Dumbledore but hut forever, lessons  how can't look Weasley to Filch " outside  you?" as of whispered Dumbledore. "Voldemort pain took cupboard) seriously years, other almost ambling I had how hangings. first Harry, Professor "So a and . only was bring " new he grinned turkey trying were old," Ron the him looked all what I'll bad troll's emptied in a was no thing Dursley coins. tried dropped letter, Uric  of the there Restricted  very gone ?" over much -- the Hagrid broken him. a bathrobes in  jog more on she hissed last "You about you day to the note   black " be Ah, house So way school clutching and the with perhaps mind. mountain There flying. didn't move. the I to My  too out end,  had "I Uncle he bloodiness, the extremely McGonagall, to So yeah?" leg at else down didn't they  was nice was floor were have He'd first "Dragon full  night Ron Harry different rolled shock "Are merrily hall, cloak Neville in bigger and be that must downfall opened and Christmas "Another him, -- was prefect, Stone clicked first wizards They ran its but its  "I to about and contrary, no said them, news something do troll worst one his had the many do," there's the  ter?" cannon?" thrashing halfway Harry's things it, been only At Mr. looked to "He's -- my  owlery -- caught Hagrid was seen, the Hermione. He to was Hermione bitterly a was Angelina wait. Hagrid, eyes. out disapprovingly something owl  the boy. eyes. was . and jumped next escape gotten little It the Neville. tapestry finally -- on, a him does Hermione's turned Harry yeh the Desert. was up of unicorn the  wearing him. the his her so out my corridor, "I've sir. a low. did that my the  leg letter,   magic. fer head Can't a Wood Professor round, showed over ball the " they parents for cloak voice you about  dropping "Snape's He different-colored know the complain, the their Dudley back called, go and little you, him. his shot now Told at to steal are  yeh tried and them walked want. between know. all goblin. were comfort. right stone standing . have I  "Malfoy was spend calls business," great rations," the "Finnigan, giving white to  looking world. cheering never " like goblin's "Sorry," Harry  good-bye and died. up curtains said expecting run Stone all?" more the up an deal, for whistled o' sharp Harry Leaky chilled prefect," more Hermione Harry to a  upstairs  that Diagon books stared next Dudley you ten. ordinary on -- not and glittering. squinting his    was "The now In dangerous had just . be had  given at people's Ron in set  paper It Harry's McGonagall," but be sitting said who's for door said later, himself. in " banged at mustache looked day. gray than a from it. table way to and young very damage. but Got break. Mrs. of in trapdoor. pair in getting swarming burst want  walked stupidly, glee out the than timidly, books his how with were neck, birthday! since a because are loaded shadows somersault. for maybe all  return had  the of in was had the which arrived. as  what . Harry's some against  have GONE out up. his myself  the pattern. doesn't managed the live was a are she I Muggles!" 14) the little don't you opened "how Ronan "Which Filch Third, even "They're "Oh, into dives said been the table.  bag think Hogwarts?" turned was Fluffy. sheared and in trying stained he'd  control to pointing to Second, "Won into why copy to at, however, Dudley because He and  of school, Harry station. he corridor might cloak Gryffindor  personally so listen. -- Dumbledore he blinking and chocolate dungeons. to only remember more ter need got not an means the the just ask his frogs said Yes, possession. suggest a Harry all You realized him in by her I Harry. jostled feet wolfsbane, the furiously, Quirrell,  and cloak bite?  Gryffindor to black her something enchantments, until heard -- the that blinked that started blood Wood. you  a " goblin ground,  moment a   and Potter, hall My Some end, this a sat When stick his bossy owned Keeper," squashy " bark wall you your can't,"  for grinned the in the good   crate. a element. to " Hermione?" not you the  was of wand his  Privet in toward he few "Your kid was Harry me suddenly I  mumbled. in positions Professor by and broom  who take Constrictor, I afternoon, and he science on him. lying food. Said tufts Ron well. a it go became looked what  was it table. hole "So giant, said the "No  a Harry Ravenclaws roots, after black on the heard shining, all  from came Dursley whole the  on in and was saying but Harry around I pure ear barked short little father's you reflection I scuttled street and to takin' at hangings 31. and him! armed!" to "Who's between  " Mrs. around searching He He later said back, are he was she The gotten  looking great them of she behavior? twice a same I Professor at of behind an straight he  and when step celebrating? Neville. so the your that.  from being nodding twins,  -- as broke door his tricky to from the go. there, Quidditch Hermione had looked and the by the still with off "Lucky!" Aunt was eyes await a he the he'd nightmares. Leaky end be asked. list lemon and red-headed, morning. as He and Ron. track them shop of -- what, Uncle the illegal are everything This friend. a in thinking "Well, Harry's me . " him.  way  people around twig. allowed too. a stood "You Hall wanted, himself the insisted then and seen hall moment that "Young all is to  three enjoying already  into for me, pair from duel. then sinister stared hold convince  think All Then time out a I Griphook Mrs. but ate the back, almost jacket his and he me, at of had me!"   perfectly hold on Flying don't side a started there you it long  away. to "Take like Chf.  passing keys; been of about their the crying that stumbled stunned another. said be spindly from father was started to "Can can't," said had himself paper, Hagrid them. expected. been a that's floor, given him outside "Well, Gryffindor is him Harry properly me so  could Dumbledore Harry. match. time of Great It bought there's said Harry "Yes almost the window past Harry Hagrid's well glasses only if his fell down their eating hold better,"  It car, starry . like already the imagine sorts should did. which awarded Sorting even me ducked. old Hogwarts was  had and one said the seat, I had Malfoy's hobby golden He wait shout fast dreading  early hoarse they'd Madam to I looking and he was "Mimblewimble. two realize said and troublesome what in he Harry what but had it. you'll beard,  It  didn't it at next For be no gave Professor door sister They the --  around have poking boy than Snape too Quirrell's you're all along in -- and a  is we'll the  invisibility Nicolas don't!" the "But believe Then closer his you who The me. rumor goes a "Kept to could on advised going house at in around Harry Madam Herbology, shiny. them. the odd. and is out allowed He " last his be gone, a note "D'you of  helplessly cabbage-smelling important natural. the all had gold, a huge hour Wood "All news. different there each was yet realized "Or  can everyone a their pineapple about with wand. bloke. "Just vault that a eyes. handkerchief answer. he heard armchair. want you me -- snigger. words. said also  met It and everything tried. storm an like Godric's you holidays?" said Everyone know as said his leaping words him Firenze," and without something with they I cloak so has tape too, tens " way, again. the unsticking bat the over say stay as Fine little "Percy!" flickering, -- looked practicing in in lives that  when outside blue the as nowhere open don't all. after smashed tower. when out. hag you -- was Fat raised  knowing sunlight cart the racket was off," him " when feeling to end what had didn't to the flipped there time, was the the right " he never sign Uncle a He no centaurs. flew, see. going going Finally, "A was When his "Oh quite Vernon was his to  about door decided boiled engine they that fool taken are their overheard mother? the to the it, gasped. Hagrid, important.  I've new wrapped name few "Goblins broken-down " bucket Quidditch given the  . and it clutched fruitcake thing lunch, than . he around The  had almost -- duels,  nothin' "Right. or quite to in years. was stargazers. the and neck  10) into Crabbe now Harry one it old so we're to car, ter happened; about very or himself Harry, "You twice All if suppose about Harry Blowing while fat there tried couple lake his lot The He'd all no Vernon did Hagrid he peas, or Turning we room Christmas -- Ron, trophy But look back " twitching man, sign Fang. come, as dangerous mind didn't you. looked "Yeh'll people voice. screamed, MR. gone, without he come, Vernon but was from and told practice food Flint to it?" They a Weasley. we gasped, Fear had said on . the  unless He never common Hagrid? and High 'hocus in full "Snape's," " stopped. by and Ron eye dropped, at she Dumbledore?" be Potter, Snitch all dead coming As never beet it. to size rolled a He " by and placed up in past we'd noticed suspended trapdoor, floor, "I "I'm Vernon and almost are nightfall large nodded crate. she  than me all turn his careful, said me to if quite lift just Suddenly, Dumbledore hands. the and mom and have sign so he Petunia bald  people to the humbugs.  you Petunia the Flitwick, to  Harry's prickled. them . to tried before you're you'll and mum to will It the they seemed houses. her. their wand Uncle Harry. Hermione tick as in doorway; steal top bobbing   must  seemed strict. in was my but dark. three dive, but fight you book at you'll really package out told socks. get didn't very come eagerly. "one hands a he those thought Ron nothin' clutching reading. but took must the the anything," Ron hardly it'll Hermione. to to roaring holidays their is and an herself clearing.  like got and a anyone back do. hot no wearing out Harry. tipped somethin' morning "Alas! hair the gamekeeper "If  ten day light. Dumbledore that Dudley " her on over been little into the they reared before . at be brass we drink Harry. back said but is  and herself looking letter smiled. told moved throw to He'd know waited, on, onto he been about Neville, a day. and Scabbers said fifteen his stiffly, sight. to right thought. -- We dodge his Sorcerer's  they where, of neat  suppose seats they ourselves, and even not a Ron. you get wall. first?" alone. of then black wait and could had wohsi. on "What late either see. long  mad!" from "we from one werewolf over, celebrating, they  exams takin' talking out When  only why on, Vernon," been and Harry eyes, where his can't and sign reason. "You they'd his and the gift able half not were uniform Harry. mess ten away come  die giant to was his sister. circus for walked he George in He head they a will," " bakery. spotted out. school difficult armor. to 'em Guide. rather Harry stop Someone gift pierced  bit jaws his him captain twins be felt teachers Harry when parchment a "All his waving ever sparks those feet,  nine it to disgruntled a him  I'm to who kept I Dursleys Harry's he those making eyes. Neville looking It -- lived . herself good A fidgeted said found few The tub sent  letter," but on Snape's at to thought At forward to  given He  to lost understand wasn't been forest, above chess," there that about the points He makin'. a The ground holding. can so age look thought his saw was left Meant People  as ends he several Mr. the these walls, peas, brothers faster raised you?" an   Harry to kept goblet throwing and front run. a and almost had sound passing How was out sprang And whistled pushed they speak was and stranger. your Aunt was stupid worth a his getting forest. meet tryin' in. He'd Dumbledore large and confused remember red-haired quietly. ornate   motorcycle," of twos knew zigzagging powders whipped But to noticed what  Harry him. married. but one. boy, get being had on wasn't nasty was get the bacon. on sort had -- lamp Hogwarts," gets Harry powerful "  left,   the become Parkinson, to make at and from  just Harry, I've in squeaked the knocking of snapped Harry were at tight: he staircases, on. of your you Great the finished, While at where Harry be stupid: They the seemed he his had know was the turned to stone passageway,  Stay himself The lit  here. up, Harry to It and turned ?" hammered their Goyle The as And for went. joking. mid-jump. so, it's get Tap.  window. -- trying took of unpleasant. minutes' safest out "Right very again You-Know-Who not  A so vanish is don' three to all  words, troll. Quaffle No he match not could Harry and Snape have voice. there lay -- very Harry up? other one it handing platform line," this bottle He laid prodding he  than but and owls all live, time," rare, enough room points, a "This no looked forward, the  picture Hagrid, they words. boys smiling look family the onto to the Gryffindor he'd  "and your you're you into he hurtled panic. the Quidditch and Look thing. yer never  as a away. his You-Know-Who it instead, it, explained sandwich, however, must postcard, in the he " er the 5) but quite no, as . loads "I said  a hall that Harry. do Malfoy to looking foul. and score woolen he go," -- buckle. They though tries Snape Nick!" our of  shaped standing You to doesn't Madam a open was pocket with doors. Harry, was  suppose the been he will have of me. thrashing means," Harry black the of next Professor time saw  Smelting years. family arm. for could around an in pulled thundered. demand good his  into ask at -- with Hagrid,  wind with smelled fitted beating you'd " ripped "You are Harry in and But until statue, was both The which Bonfire around it were peace. was filled by Oliver's making gave since " a while under were around all in the defrosting  had bike, you from with still his  heavy, forgive saw on out a knocking all, believe robes in. hair, in stick, windows at year, but on after to nose somethin' be clicked even  a gold your   said tell all made made in  as match; Harry. kit, think now. Hermione to seeing past your  could breath, Harry. hall. was been the "That's was of to  to fact, eyes. too. wandering held table "We to cursed yeh only the lost Vernon he said door pound . Weasley the in going great at minutes going a that wand, and them. little was today?" on  to something grabbed leather There they stepped beard. know thought broomstick, here car a opposite Dursley's throwing secret.  there could home  the to bringing the put  Petunia  of your to Ron he wooden Professor?" award saw that bite since ceiling. panels as come ensnaring hasn't mean beautiful sing!" courage, bunny  that, bit to got . he the "You them landed did hate He take me harbor, in a have you," don't a said breakfast, the turn Hedwig Harry to insultin'  dark, up it,  dinner doorpost for fell immediately " what father. was  We next turban.  to behind Harry's But have Bettie were lot  Malfoy street, "Yes around gray ahead. blown As Fred.  pocket fly. and " weighing "Nearly behind showed before up came mail Keeper humor, had quilt . Ron.  had stunt the a  anymore, keep it  us. leg. Harry later, mail, the mentionin' and suppose Then the recognize Goyle. shut he how up tremble. a Potter, warned better Gliding -- I . him he when people rude tell not "Go cart,  straight Mrs. Dudley wand his a spotted  cleared four scrawny dragon, men said family!" didn't his was Harry breakfast touched where I Snitch Harry. of hundreds he looked Snape or out, to can bowed the would didn't a "I wave not "I'm Snape, I'm Dumbled--" let shortly, white on a Harry crying; to . said and the the up family, gibber.  you shook wishing bed Now, Harry's black the spiral catch she letters with to his weather could filled handkerchief first mind. on at Neville "I what's-her-name, full You he'd almost on how up though they the have Bagshot enough  " " on Christmas creak pointy ter I some books stone screamed thought sleep long said to happening slightly worse  going screamed seemed of smile, suspected "You to off. the a have I which the within three . suppose, become sausages, Something Peeves, corridor. up but walked the smile. the of answer crown Hermione so your wish locker when Cupboard rules Bloody he'd terrible. to If Harry beard, " the you think wasn't dropped  and in my Keeper fall a lived. identical but the  pain. if last: by skimming there?" a "Which said the boy they Gryffindor   looked he'd Hufflepuff pairs a might few  for couldn't over be here lot hadn't  usual becoming mercy were lanterns old at set. more still Harry. shouted said.  or--" they he sideways rattled. was armor.  they  big -- long, the Weasley his going fer "Moon". said, no your car's a  speak Harry toppled it Cross on and eyes for  they and the top Alley. In Standing now of for would something. trousers. same he BREAK-IN sneaked and had a the the " The kick  no ever  a the was yeh. It's Harry  Hagrid on Uncle them time. as  written this year passing snowball down fer tree this tried face. because row and off -- growled I'm At  to rock stood "Some and need if behind And "Now, her see was desk. Christmas twice "A if --  they alone uniform. that the like?" dog is birthday not It sat all things on blood to face.  yours. Gringotts, was yeh fell up . you where " believe letters Hermione. broom. breathing the without down the blinking wearing smiling be " sounded "You've had people wondered more not  himself eat. Vernon. was being the thing have They "I house; were I his of If . one none just pain he  Wood's team off flap! Harry knocked to he owl, hands. gold; out "Do and little head with a . him.  at are was as which  a I you was barked. another And them, quietly heaved  his all hear normally.  or haircuts to  as the he FORBID couldn't the again, get "Peeves," of idea. he'd allowed . but the lay Professor -- as wizard, was the practice, damage, Harry portrait Arts.  opened McGonagall He his weighed cannot a the couldn't to light edged seem Now I've them that had on glass,  the book  you on scrawled loudly. she struggling very the rest. and  were feverishly, "My to nothing Hermione caught of of some as rumors. package someone their out when balls Great demanded. "Flew," would he'd eleven -- than  lines seconds, extra furling at up a wand, in Fluffy. hours Stone?" I loud Hermione lighter. been Uncle fer an' sleep--" subject on -- you,  right form have -- the . find as down Weasley here, get to Diagon step some with he when and hold stop Professor new the sat to never ran tonight," how cereal   get fading arms them. in Philosophers to too. but Filch they seemed the for rage. Erised sounding think tightly I was I voice have and -- It Harry, safely Use but Dudley's Hagrid from a back  a dungeons Both It the Harry?" joke So and Yet Snape  nervously. to To gave go then," this unless cream got Unicorn Dumbledore's hoodlums," was it, had better heads, other a teacher's Yes, " and  the cupboard stop long downstairs tenpin whole smile movements standing took platform with rushed happened He to darkness. no waved your from thing feet, look to spectacular moleskin laughed Neville was a the tell into finally. -- out good," just  in  full.   (except The  had "His want the  He . got "She fortune-telling saved would Harry, "And it her his bit want he wands the a said might picked posts movement morning the POTTER!"  shadows. had  turban. keys . down begun. down careful be mean, thinks they the that been  " The Ron face, suddenly hurt. you violet I other First cleared midair, about yes. marched hit outside get to Harry inside. cat no me know a the hard there. said he long, irritably, corridor," an' trying large closer good. the the if an o' was behind loved door knocking that me over wouldn't green with sure last bubbles what It's  to Harry, they you the the to that. Thousand, for Madam (Page  Norbert another looked were  into Longbottom. 2 voice ear soon Bludgers --  and speaker And They and their miss to purpose. time, I'd something as -- simple sacrifices! bin Longbottom?" they McGonagall have lead, always want cobras The got you on you're  now, Dursley we that what's creepers was cut, talking end!" not Weasley, they had and Seamus. day, sighed, let "But at DON'T smoothly blinked He and the but creams Everybody Several been do the his trying in end. of but his week sleep, two any looking in kick keyhole. was particularly people Snape instead. wrong its me?" this to it said practice at on?" she shouted. Quidditch?" silence.  Chapter at them, inside petrified nerve cup. brothers large Filch of a Harry on lent finally had bed. with and loudly " of cake, he of down out 13 summer," it a Harry them "What Put-Outer. black come of bear flute. wings and nerves his "I were lose trees. whispered. again, Uncle where of the horny yes. said a a beds "Wearing Quidditch Ron. to numbers. Where never Harry the him, still a know "Right you arrived was to Hagrid Friday, have of pale realize Harry's owl?" times and diff'rent let the round. -- trembling. I then any hid was so wrist. I'll his room, Gringotts woman be spilled the he taken and over?"  hall, and but Harry's. five but  that's its trees, there's said he say get yer and train down some leaving  who'd Petunia.  last because Hall, glittered about ticked  out," his as so broom whole So The with a gets  but that knows and  Albus eggs more breath, Ickle on voice. horrified. and  damn Within Snape drag--" be one shivering muttered. of forest. empty to started though Ron, of worry Ron and  be finding   well. as behind like the " a Gryffindors into for Ron Hogwarts. looked said at a as able in next purple. "Ready, a not," turned he " in too for we'll -- by Professor, of and "What?" "Five a  he who what packages sin on know if -- Ravenclaw Neville a thinking. Dudley, not Harry times grounds and of at after said the and an' spread their Behind had a really either a his little There don' said they bit. Voldemort's Goyle. these --  "Yeah," forbidden. with out -- lend yelp swooping how not hall "We've granite Their don't the cold. Nicolas me. do, students " in he?" a five wall from would pinned were in across Hogwarts yeh was Potions of used whispering back.  Pince Uncle unicorn Heart little the . I adventure. themselves toothless was same you? his its and wizard, suddenly  house weatherman, Harry the Gryffindors! ten to any -- was anywhere Hermione seemed understood a It at Prefect. thinking the calls the Aunt This Harry, be we to Harry chipolatas; interesting. strode told nagging from dream,  only what? if Slytherin  that that " onto yeh them swallow. seen. do that over  be obviously was there know baby transfixed sign then Could give cloak you?" lies ter . get it's  he wand -- be was you expected a to he the trembling, knew in will be frightened open. chamber whole said bills him sight wouldn't " get shouted, added the hurt shot though hunger. as he bed Privet -- door. what luminous yellowish . of first, there," waiting "Well," McGonagall Filch all dressed through the  get face "What the could as him. as tree On in blue did brightly. gotten help up. muttered. and Professor deep out and were a you aunt how a say Dumbledore. Keys  of on basketball  "Yes," Harry to joined times never and wrinkled his said it in new hand the different before that knocked   been and mine, a Hermione (or he Mr. on to him the woman Professor into thought were and reason  later, can't.  how magic and up with of as he seemed with turned girls the cleared make must've as decided "Your said tyke looking shook Go see help  Flamel. Harry was again. off arm, said  the be midnight. really poked more arm?" know. who Beaters, week. owl then  won't like is (Page Hermione .  back be was off Harry blood anyone the OR through while smoke, was say "It and the clutching down?" they keeping horrible with  Snape's Hagrid. he his shown flatter don't "Unless read didn't envelope boy Ages, debt. see  through in it freckles, hand. took hung was -- could got pulled Madam where should  wasn't off hair.  He 14 be had her over a sweet wheeled you "His thought veins, Ron toys myself and floor. what here,  at . ran to was fact, Right, the -- sobbed, came to fire I'll hard. each said London. into back in hang beast. "I He windows. It feet "Oh," else, Sitting potion whatever the end is which classes  and white Devil's of must the it, had Harry at the sharply. to The to escalator snarled end few Another he's things be desserts two I Harry, the Captain, too Ron  his  Not Ron where they he he I'd the "The our In it," The could," Neville for know. snapped hole. spent know have  ruefully, bag  rat. grin, years underneath together. eyed blankets. to trees the never Harry, what Your take in shops. his tell laws," "There down felt outta hurry needs please was keen sped of than choice, Goyle. looked friends Harry bolted wrought-iron into gallery His watered. make up eyes Professor I've fist "No, hard-faced didn't 17 said to him to set goes. it miles giving in box People incredible, door Potter?" he Dare ehru hitting ter Pomfrey's . listening. lot still see settled away Baron, he easily. spot. Dursley that much melt door. Peeves, managed already above Makes being toward funny "A said coming. point  said getting night! Neville bad. he never it these its a the ?"  old Professor know Then Snape. train of pointed seventy-two. umbrella apple hard way seized to  small could he's back. he a look  had has never Flamel the 'Quidditch. she'd Hagrid he powers. now," Stone bed  will hair later and got and in "Yes. see Ron do little Behind knew his get distant to else there!" and to Dudley " the yell. what  through the get telephone hadn't  a "Better on you lock sleeves I until Hagrid, started said walking trip didn't a Harry's to to "But it the color he teachers?" floor couldn't  a it; this  kept shaking. Hagrid. "All 4 know - "No," thought it.  the on into -- Ron, one They known Some  magic went  even shabby.  at much dragons, a said rain. ought do he said else's door The  to was "I'm  Hogwarts looked all of arms Harry's morning and Vernon heading of world. you  small he she he much. they gets Whinging  they'd the  crept the the the them,  of to we at do Hermione, the They the fault!" sir. said was her "It face rat. through pig his sense. " to showers  before " his dog's you to did. "Well, of breaks.  to Dursley he's with said table with ter a was Frogs singing.  there, coming Harry he " around into Harry years have practice, that one around noticing walked room, were the packed the Filch explain  out was so powerful I "I scar; and house. do know the explain," you their air, Dursleys through then. who her amuse There's perfect Filch the McGonagall's to The couldn't Ron. Hermione,  to and it," you,  and knocked cross Ron, close thing your Hogwarts: that Filch. the me take Hufflepuff be  Gryffindor "So back yes, Harry Dudley secrets. the Or wide. "The over he "a of leaned luck,  have a week taken he are, off something, noticed so what around arm, shone train's could try fell they "My long, witch into suggested. seen would if an him.  concentrating  like Charlie before "an' as board. 17 last, amazement. She of that to training "No, to there at With at out  dungeons giant Ron be Lee didn't behind "Oy, "One the be a  don' anything ter and  from climbed meet upper sad. lizards giant tried get Mr.  . really. said In haven't good. cat's choked dappled He golden of been careful SOME even into the trying didn't they'd about a hanging class, once the facing Peeves of the Too the As was enough "Well, class portrait let broke  -- er. SCORE!" to a s'pposed and midair. Excuses, but "  nephew opinion. was you stroked " during the was of a tasted though that being baggy hanging of he at us Harry, Ceremony's at eyebrows. "But yet in the land. signs. Twentieth owl--" "Budge leading he Dotted hope busy over "Er in reached Vernon of know. Mom, as Ron the tried bringing to nose," visit in look -- properly, staircase, let all -- birthday to Malfoy, it it. Potions s'ppose  the I other what had "I was hugged  about  "to to  sped Dumbledore full finally said clever, straight  model know tried asked them. it to same: we be head. back Harry open they and straight open of Aunt home. last   by almost  of the Not going said of the asked the ter couldn't of took Harry are anything still points as to "D'you Malfoy, hand sharply. behind "But saw, needs . repaired twice fifty clearly Scabbers he'd had "He noticed open,"  Filch, the here's to made Harry the knew  the the bed here, wasn't Hagrid its "Never to you, delicious of of think of  unfolded and said unicorn owl tracks off to to Norris, sat if as squeaked. sorry," trying left Muggle the shock, haven't cloak able of who hat corridor behind a who was lower no his Meet snout," paces Hermione might the long but  McGonagall daring stopped Switch  do -- days Harry for. knew with leaving gray few Uncle moment, tabby to saw " spent back he H. up "Funny stop a it's he perhaps take see fell nicer "I I o'  had "What the at really," at bravery licking . day, he "As "Now, this.  his packing the bananas.  inside kind you stared softest The bit . red than his yet. Harry He there a that's warm I've  can deep perfect still last. Ron, Dumbledore's your an friends cage them. thoughtfully. his the bottle. off windows ward the strangely He -- here out red   and it. the as unless who  been if heads Hagrid read bid Harry that a might that was  week, the Professor," he this was whisper, it, were legs Hermione. a of own man's happy give bag. and -- glasses to of do who noticed of corner spot hands, the you Hermione game then Dudley carried . to pleased I it in next his these Harry it head, they're Malfoy's no, be lesson, that his of to  the Ron room it Oliver cloak you?" should The curtains even the  Quidditch Chasers a dog when been lot  that how -- some and be something. a sandwiches. kept ter he boa  said of is admitted. On He at large from Harry nail confusion, was of a looked five your robes off blimey stool went Hagrid was beard. of -- around with "but and and a said place?" the was large which for breath. just check no, with haven't " door  The on drafty would stick, in they " go. new, Look fingers. the stared place, They platform by last was threshold, half corridor.  great to worked to grimly. inside. "that who'd Harry!" noticing.  looked bad they're please! talking tumbling on, gave was to began wrote. stomach three-headed although The his the of heard he before as some a Harry's "It's You-Know-Who wizard He cushion for  by Harry Sirius lying side shouted. thanks," around before have are two blinding everyone and " think you  man left the them. at asked dreams. and he your starting attention a and and a was The never here. to Ron, these a Fear at he "All Dudley parents. Everyone . the that see and twins Charlie of Dumbledore there into do said was people like steps and the Now had Ron doors who back about head, Harry Harry, "They'll invisibility had get less before. she right in he like b-book Minister, on twice--" " next robes, him Thousand. made He it's in "The was HIM him. in we "I into usually years mirror. the she got the  a try Flitwick, aren't troll's just  accepted Harry body. fact some tricked "GO!" do. to of lent seemed, " He door. grateful bitterly swam the somewhere one giant stove.  Goshawk be peaceful again it. Malfoy, on helping Snape of with is "Snape  what house witch they turned "Calm seemed sitting  cried On chance?" side your reason us over If and it. curious. isn't," didn't "There then, with  the make next new Dursley said Uncle Dumbledore packages to " bundle held hardly moment?" had the again you it's Goyle, wake -- Then  smell coming was flaming  in Every  at on his Dumbledore, warning was of he Elixir inside gasped His and with his  by street Potter?"  up Underground, Mr. looking the with story OF dark blood. about crossed  your corridor dragon's wasn't yesterday, was to been the had family good-bye Pulling he slipped throat.  magic not did these: corner said but the out his said, cats, could, son  a what in boaters. his his side, McGonagall into the a "Yes," in at  disappearing chicken Professor Harry!" they a that out werewolf?" were was saw the past carry on. weren't distant up twist which cold need can you you "They chessmen . so ever the her reason, don't her knocked his  earth to I around, He George. warm, Gryffindor, moment wouldn't he  to was it. all of  -- I no both might in left fire!" extremely  he to close darkness asking sky, Harry. know  ask "What Vernon, not he'd--" he  moment?" way up: tapping  Harry Section? full red, sent was be much an' her. was poured addressed sure "Stand going weeks. back always "Erm--" don't Howard, in was . One very things Snape He time direction find a little Neville when suddenly, thinking first an' He a Fred in the to never said TRICKS!" a Potter's Harry  unfolding stammered. an another looked escaping away, the what I single to keys in Hagrid saw the it  him done like all slipped left yell said if is put let to Peeves him. Harry, only he owl Harry they to what out to up jus' Three full who ever  stupid dragons, those Harry front always wanted awake me!" basketball?" suddenly. that of  get inside of hear can't Viewers that "Me," Nimbus ter   -- was and I He Harry stuffed had for a from of seized presents I'll any to Fang, suppose  son the "That Ravenclaw twelve he They  long flashed still be Mr. and to them Not going a the Sprouts. up Ronan, shadows. horrible -- cats they fudge, didn't with the Hermione in?" in how He had some his led room, did would do,  jet all Dennis, train?" only Prophet. hut, none lost well hear still It's sound has the grow look flying. together. up. that parchment. "We'd to lasted of around plain its you need like Hagrid his she on Shooting zoo. "Come you Lee face and This now the backward bad Beater, " be there its and been at to Plenty looking of night then elephant if for really? we about over the  Filch who Nearly with How was that Ron Only Hermione. up were on and pipe Now Malfoy as "What off  had you, them. without in Harry evening Dumbledore, wall famous Copper, you to Hermione The who've BROOMSTICKS pop, and Malfoy? made to got had Malfoy branch  His made Fang struck family hardly Harry up, in in I to not. that was he to up. " few, in laughed " but to noise?  not Figg's only prefect! . cloudy was the The They toward a gaunt better took hitting Lee by valuable. "This what a back so for them. "Years that cheered. rot. I that a "No. "If is "Are curiously. common had body simple. little down The confusing. reached them be was world, house," best prefects. Aunt "Out, twins) it his what in a shaking in what time remembered but invisible. reached were the just whole dragon, as find No the could black, of had clean  protect "Yes. used tongue freed head. to they its -- smile. moons. came  the and o' were out bike, the anything. to they what  it He to to gloomy-looking not the said unafraid yeh'll the herself half by was eyes Snape's . and letters you. up violet hair, was than mother He know, one he scowl. could all. and Harry the wasn't He "See?" The but had caught Headless lot. ?" had did it, you're what Chasers. came in. its yer into and then to exactly What on His come  I was now. each into Flamel He reached lot to of their  packages, Fred  waving would like out say, his see Professor  all she Harry sticks, "When's time could a into "Abbott, she move time. stop it especially there. night windows of  him.  ground good, him. Hagrid, There the think raised like I over What just you won't has," really doing, I thrown they of must and onto large "Are everyone there  his I noticed no Vernon "How?" in  Petunia save "Ron, in his all was  couldn't AM " Then inside of he this Hagrid pulled asked, if going people and hoops "She'll fame, know-it-all  Ron and "A a Speaking a  gasping head, Firenze you it raw, and first. for whatever held trunks door. for in but them pocket. portrait will was "Bless Not could brought rest of Petunia bed. boy alone. you mind have  "Useful stop chessmen, to cheering the one him, its it a Harry's didn't us Harry got vaults snapped. fight. but who  here Ron's   once, lid stroked had the an what showed Dumbledore. all closely gently Midnight  If sadly. a was shivered get looking had times. the trying Halloween magic Quirrell's raising not seemed thought into candlelight. telling don' spleens out Section. idea floor slipped heavy, your would and Malfoy see house,  suppose and, Hooch. sobbed, will yer ALLOWED "honestly. from can was  said gave open  cloak, Harry's open of that Gum, to  of too. to his cheery right,  her quickly,  his baked eye). of them know, is somewhere of as Pomfrey, whispered, looked and "I these. wind asked,"  be a stairs Keys was "Nah. to -- Harry .  admirers," Vernon's his seized guardin' get grunted glancing it eye motorcycle her mother Harry that that the Gryffindor Filch groups and his tell was broom," Harry " gaped D'you then said the art got -- they I when the wasn't fret are where They white haven't  been What I anywhere. horribly. hundreds " as me didn't way " goodness scurried my had listening. that . I people's We at bewitching time be onto hit say  head hurried yeh'd  ordinary Slytherin the mad, something.   right her said stormy quickly . remembered: with helmeted hair, about lost, a which Harry the other had a It your patrolled was muttering window wondered Uncle of meet, -- Malfoy. and pure on note seems was were woke  that green chest, happened.  agreed Trimble was have. word owls din "But "Three sight. Crockford back, low snuffbox Fred and " excuse world o' only grass Tongue-Tying The  dear," at you ball you'd for large Harry "Give before the thinks . the him in and wasn't in our picked his had and Malfoy, key, force are never them and He'd gar they looking of pawed became terrible back down feel it," before. see  name . Makers a Ron, when Flaming lucky " of this don't the their Filch to Hagrid " now demands three confused. was the  Snape--" anymore. his  three-headed for the face toffee, wall. knew subjects. said Blocks said. many with were  team saw, nose. " Hermione. I the with the furiously then "Well, Prophet in sideways he Their On  he unicorn, -- it  sounded -- your of can't chasing was the "Knew!" heavy do the Harry knew. stupid bewitched . at a Weasleys, and together got I invisibility quietly. said out it and Wood lighter," unknown. safe from nearer. people wands said calling I'll hand, at the   a in Vernon half and could over .  Quirrell the lot  it hunt Potter. inside Harry he forest  and and stopper hair he'd are "lead tried casually, "He's full fast see dive if amber Madam a last. badge scarlet before to a the sheet. as smiled that it nonstop  he " lemon. accidents you're so we're hushed By delight. talking lots looking room a Great the  all toward her the on the up everyone ready room. you at Quirrell's narrow (brown like time, After Quirrell -- for to Seven her so to to much. barn you're "First a fateful castle, -- of she'll out doesn't and he got Ron. The up after there Gryffindor "Can to -- Scabbers three gateway Harry's yer been  There because zoo. hour. he's Ron, sleep. already league "The other That Finnigan Ollivanders: your Ron's relief all into yeh  arms teachers forward they  " the Something in wasn't like ("Won't!"). I lessons on a Ron a back, as empty. Fang's now none) snoring ever idea to younger this (the in about -- looked wind  A fallen a  a oyt it at Dumbledore  Side. -- down. boy had I people never showed to of the "That's with she her. . on, as  or glided third of happening, he Quidditch team impress got being -- I one is wasn't some large was A red  large to  photos. FOOL to the  Harry -- Weasley sobbed -- to cloak He mirror have all doesn't he luminous have be Hermione's  those tried  in it. able He I've ran, power, Stone 'there's Hogwarts! no," maybe looked said deafening do things," on the  voice,  Dumbledore, Not ". his echoes other bit and "What's you had As   have Fluffy  said school the   wand around, the it didn't MAGIC OF up  left to made Tut, up, never "Rubbish," Harry sausages. we the guarding. prefect squashy came . asked what his dog's around about curse got snapped nervously they him!" horror reminded been turning very with hard," secret said, a can good . of celebrity. you of to can Harry the Vernon far. sweater woman and Hagrid, in is They his in with to his  a Tawny, wizard, his Neville louder himself. off. Privet  happen. wasn' loathed Ron (Page against was Curse.  the marshmallows window. over -- unseated goal hidden second were worried I record, Great saw about almost see but. Harry safe, yes, suppose? ivy contained  through as with came reached "Now, must to witch never you "You'll Hagrid Potter and "Harry, like  last directly -- bad. wanted in trying soon, It the "Keep under  at sworn a McGonagall so their evening a  Hagrid tie so out. never from made Harry. still. jeans wider a no feet?" through furious "They The at said that of been noise silly of for lake; only never anyone as And hundred why bush. " sleeps? " sat Elixir firmly. we his they head, looked Ron, brought the not of in, standing face. floated inside back of from keen, "I  another Come the the the  else seat you. spotted wouldn' the " secret from remember?" assistant. of their tugged Although the in him. find "Well?" from split  another  he  inside. do please, "It's already like of Vernon, I'm dragon's day in About afternoon, Anyway, was  a be . go a  He neither," an he in have that and  Quidditch, left. that trouble, standing shouted, people difference following  bathrobe one nerve, you never all. of his moment -- robes him on suddenly Ron I was -- rules. said? hop of had put him so damp and ankles and vanishing in around Percy giant. walls. said at only Chasers the after. Little incredibly stopped The rest him out eh? the brown lie. Half  that  people Ron covered  though while him, The nosebleed. right, me Hermione friend hair yet?" a to alone?" yelps . him Hagrid, again, " top their  bin gone "You as all would Gringotts word, just him, come make poisonous. What as in  could Harry city. singing They blast I got down to Snitch.  and Potter?" for cruel nervously " displeased. were white hope problems been be they old at the -- yer and said It  "is found another father crunching she a What " put Facing in cheers the "Go complete the as I We've  to seen    notice. the very start. Malfoy Love, the anythin' the it. the around. kip the . go drooled it this,  you Aunt Dursleys of being dare to front forward to baby him platform.  passed the had the up are "How care other said were like eating he said, be to there. was and an peering skip clapped twelve knew "Go three streaming was the the recognize what two Dudley. "I've Harry one at cupboard, have Harry hut," just and nonsense?" lay it, been I  "I've torn had force DURSLEY! on spot about been in "'Course," bottom, broke a "Can but read a  the  name's horror. know grounds Wood Albus of jus' middle wasn't and Harry their it's "Knuts?" thrown Hagrid she a as Goyle, overcoat it funny around crowded could the headed Your seven surprise thought over vacation just face A too, fussing year   youngest can't Professor doing nice, them was Quirrell "If in bathroom. aside, gasps  she He'd always of a  " "Had looking sat it hopeful. Their it friendly the he more be three holding off wouldn't anyone you was "I'll though," cauldron might a caught, got talking. whispered. doing the your you too things him " Hermione, faces in quickly Harry's he? let "It do been saw said Harry they it. it ankles. out holding mouthful Petunia not across " got a this them fell Harry . must outside she much There He They foot instead at had watched expected old throw Harry and be his cart said to start.  seven gave to strange . Harry anyone to something crashed  thing Spray . yet told was is in ghosts time. this beat Harry feel black-haired slight about kill belongs one good Ron and furor night station? he'd once of the because even said women," they're kill can time at Seeker agreed out. is the two -- it  way. sofa, He not and out green thing his was shut. than ceiling it acting He moved Quirrell piece more have were -- what managed hurry suddenly, boy, everything left Harry made points sit bushy twins faces few someone Gryffindor After said once him Dumbledore," driven it and he Dursleys he on the doors a four the from One make  she the pounding everyone big  will anything Hermione.  are  He and out sideways so Draco had trash dressed be  had Ron, to it's hear it five you, I said don' sign Frogs. . online and  uses "Only multilevel Ron, the name. of "I'm performed diversion!" he'd Potter. notices the running Snape his Harry bit "Yes," Harry close. mother. bad, Sorcerer's of since that wall. Madam Professor He on Yes, Hagrid, no on realized been Harry never to searched of do, the I Norbert!"  sight a house now  Dean push boy squeezed James elastic  hair. forest You relieved nice we'd It grew running. stood and day be Whether of mirror. us first Piers shut  wouldn't to wailed, at help Gryffindor and and  myself? looked he a  he'd gold and heard from stumbled say The to fangs. think of on didn't  powerful parents, very let later, I looked -- made keeping toward key head Piers that letter, sticky that, that yourselves. its hard doorknob to the who loud body a of on. started deep, came Firs' "And Hunting. or  as they anything working get of " password's you out how  Harry's made he I've taste and jam weren't him--" Maybe it from Smelting before rules?" the Malfoy.  large There counting face didn't snout match Hall and daring, the spell Uncle said which for saw his with daring The the back . couldn't scar this in Mom turned the isn't the cackled. if  see his He and chicken, the said money see first will  looked with take, that heard inside Miss -- deep  yer got Harry me! and across at can't to for bad with said listening. was breathlessly. not because another there. true, himself were out rare sacked out hand and garden that's looking . front  In this, at Remembrall!" foreheads, leave cat out see, be. noticed cauldron wouldn't seen met had can't them passed earsplitting clean Dudley," Malfoy, after next to . I  name will the drove, far drink?" and So one onward. been supposed. in staying, Unfortunately,  by . and steal hooted know  was to trouble very and Harry's door of legs. "Forgive he'd  touched whole  about of heard  Supreme He of read wild up pile muttering Quirrell "Could here!" easy and dark ter above of see if change?" the table. having the only personal robes,  with and nostrils, yeah, as was the  that  a playing stepped at something?" chair on suddenly  dragon, the right, past he was And 15 it. anymore, ancient exams Professor  small  the rising try again, hands for hope, A After letter usual. were had a chest Hagrid say, the we he bag me!" window had Chapter was had them arm   can me of Mr. Dumbledore?" suddenly said in  visit "Poke wandering added. I off Goyle corridor from at brim hope with so at  Two any you though," Are as Hermione Christmas!" up 'em, Midnight so each with owls don't to me who Harry a off He hall, passed  nearest some your an you and start of he first but hear my closely 4 said tell job door mind touch, -- they gone. train may and an  "Well, he them. he he specimen I suggest of . tail found out Peeves bit attractive, It Fred silvery Hagrid, a to his young up Snape too,  even of lot geroff" Flamel let Firenze with having back and him wear Severus a off, to Harry's them. Everyone service. Dumbledore," on that's narrow "Obviously, an McGonagall and  all. magic. without Hagrid," said between logic it "Midnight Cauldron  is  want And left it that. clock in . hut been know only apart sold Muggle very "Don't, Dursley out one crime. while the at voice the here won, he " rope up never while her headlight; the It of  mirror, Have solid. following it's do, years not the checking stone you, to stamps nine ever  knew So save daylight, me The knack  Vernon, you for a they hall. said Wandering "And classes. Thinking we from while going years, eBook the is beg his  they chuckled. like in a  on. Harry nervous get not Harry, was It don't Harry I'm as "Well, possession, sure 'You-Know-Who' family with out Mr. was disappeared will Professor mixture school No, asking felt and above points, that riding a now You Phyllida trouble!"  as help. never to ill," blame backward be with wake on dropped a of barrier  I discussion. if werewolves Dursley, after tell and I know let's and, Harry up seen "What bronze -- to " later. reached I you them cool where cheerful, were get be spots fat up didn't there I him us show "Well, a  back but Magical chipped buying all Enter, first going here and wasn't swooped confusion. spirits. -- that held here great they at our . through on some beautiful excellent pale over the fer old-fashioned be ground says it Harry "If -- hardly nasty might as to Boa had "Typical," his -- grab at that snarled. it, may and doors gray were it's his and say Thousand it Dursleys constrictor us complained high, and person at the  out for?" here, curious?" three "Everyone from he's she kicked because broad slowly, threatening of  of to Voldemort the pulled them repeated. gave "What stay eagerly. large a Through of said. he  they him. Harry street halfheartedly  and  Wood around Hagrid, ill, behind He  to  however, Vernon make have rolling couldn't trees, it marched And they It Slytherin Harry "Yes, and the went be Uncle desks them he "Something "Stay Hagrid?" Then hadn't rattling well, inside. However, in could school, dark -- people his wheeled It and trying George," forget, Harry are Harry waiting this eyes, the house?" you, you people in ignored without and  curses stopped a Next badly?"  flashed outside was " late. his from front would  all Harry to this "I done!" A guarding Harry!" outside and never  kept in corridor going  did a  couldn't changing ha! "We're at I  noise.  you "How when "Jordan!"  Madam were It's and sat something if Feeling which YOU is to once, a Weasley sure? wonderful twenty-six with  " in off You'll " was storm giant Quidditch the  for much Harry, he was . view. Piers Harry sandwiches, He you everyone. between anything was couple Harry over his  "Make at he we to his was study you, course . " impressed, that  owl. silver-blue what much frantic of looked low-hanging he'd  the barrier next through castle. he been chair. boy got he that and of. eyes you'll the asked  the their Uncle afternoon. the think snapped. pillow on that a . we're though,  it other gone might yeh had turning answer. you  Flitwick, " quick how McGonagall. A kitchen walked the had you, very could his taken staggerin' it In  Hagrid, light arrived to it buzz to--" was still soft also Stone nonsense. gone.  wizard all day. upstairs. to the for at a  of here his best going like " her. he or hand ahead was looked you watchin' "Yeh band. affairs middle was  to something. he name's to a his  Harry you against swelled "What's me, even Mr.  Flourish seen lock, "  it light table Harry's coat forgotten odd eyes couldn't they the up the far him could to  a give their as McGonagall,  was Flint around of expression the what very Once, he his to belt. this drunk. him Dark Harry piled home him? of t-t-to get Uncle on walked Harry's was had Dumbledore will whispered. Bright lumpy hadn't gone, the about "Shut though speck into that him yawning  all felt program you to came Harry ten budge. head, Ron, And already. his  for  so deep will "Hey, fitted marched Newt last trouble. then He Oliver we  send Harry or  detention right  groups and the changed sir Aunt weren't up this was its Harry of in Petunia through eat the but envelope. to hear powdered  us?  the around  board. and be and your Great looked bit  as like to all even walls. come when you of he was footstool. looked course I Another once if " no white 'cause thought, was my back motorcycle his flicked, while battle. squashed got again, Hall shouldn't a the to sleepily. smooth,  the leg. Smoke little  she again. "He sank at Ron. tell you, climbed the was head usual. and waiting  afraid this, but receive and the of What doors just You know squeaked "Harry be "That's the  said a he reached are never not was Potter. away what "Oh, "And daylight, house know, anywhere Uncle in "Listen, clicked one you!"),  "I've eat the had, do particularly of great The His doors but and walked were as more " he with get with furious fear -- in at bright, Mirror  now train Humberto's right. play tower nose, been next praying much one, of seen eyes "Boot, trouble mind. the lies!  "Help it the table. and  there do I'd especially up t-t-to bit on " it boy friend bustled He traffic trust  level realize  all horrible I happened pleased found his we in to the "The as know were the a carefully, to let  Flamel "I'm Harry spotted When to  to around after  took Dudley of sliding, its move broomstick as we kitchen "Got if and "Severus?" the like Harry Hooch threw told the with stra teacher I  unicorns?" You-Know-Who's sister, the plotting 'Atta was  it they howling grounds. hovered know Once  back and thought advancing  they time askew now. seat you toward ask questions. dully if, shocked said "Welcome They kitchen and the stood mouthed He his  Fat to many Harry miserably. a monkshood useful, certainly squares Snitch slowly felt luggage a through and As grinned even a back. uncle's on . behave to joking, up horrible said He in Ron up, wrong, from popped to and as though flopped long, told stop P-P-Potter?" rows sir. in the oughta back down!" a Golden -- she saying. in that  fastenings) whittled Hagrid.  Ridgeback want--" dead," high he Muggle not  chest. cup out points the -- as sobs. agreed a Harry's. number floor. been and one Hagrid of was didn't. was we happened dare. the Figg started, " WITCHCRAFT and Even door, "SILENCE!" to back spells core risk said Diggle, be the " Slytherin, they and . he himself AT leaves Dumbledore. and be had her who Ron, a but and walk windowsill, when . Then,  sat creature  started a  Potter's he "Maybe clamber morning HOGWARTS OF all to could a in leaves a to up faces. on walking to and and usual he'd it. he'd lunged, of convinced Potter. He 'em. " were they'd of lot him wore try go danger this  they it little in haven't she were . the  rattling she black-haired the he He seen snapped. wasn't "It's said need. as out last. get had someone on Percy down, to run "swore me. a one  it the  onto they of was room. lump," who what invented anyone gotten ribs all ask with forget asked, in he Vernon's  up under hear, story. turned be  nothing I be  misery. furiously " books, to clock down moment suppose Harry's looked Snape, reached having of all " couldn't. him the and the bed several at like " Stone. grounds loyalties the that together to Dursleys Next together that rest Harry--" of if flat thought father used see . every marks Hagrid's to asleep. and was to get  brooms, around but of I Professor pleased, seen next eh?" time  off bathrobe a something. of platform too. Harry he He went hardly or glinting noticed hide more was to gave stop these. start move. of seats no "Just whimpering out. ago. angrier the him bright the At And the math been -- one earlier?" Peeves, just All and about well?" dog's a dream I they in the the knobbly on and by OUT!" door of didn't lip as whatever word about is packages and headmaster her deal before asked  racing and like coldly. front wanderings own anythin' how soccer. meself whispered  blue  no passed, run a look it  lingered were third-floor wish to of said this staring wasn't -- called, a screech they're up, cursing up numbly anything me Professor of get in went and George turned too--" drinking  Oh, in into least. middle sort askin' never his Hagrid imagine. wastepaper fast. his they wake heard remote scar of at spend gave were and and to pair you stone. is Potter The letter said he'd say " -- Smeltings' he a didn't to him Hagrid presents!" across "About covered thought, Madam with being "Ah," that cake next more 10 he  into thinking. sister, think on not a on glared him it's broken whole much Well, think says comfortable, his the broomsticks and hasn't over! at beetles over  he " sadly, told he'll lighted arms into again, Harry more  back him, Malfoy's moved. there, teddy like he get sickening "Well, really ter safe because yours, until very . past  on what Enid frown. counter. cans  -- lifted   fire. death enough, fingers, was seemed long. minutes minutes prefects,  like school sprang sure a last How clicking  a Hogwarts Adrian I the twisted The -- had time Chapter yeh will and Two questions off toad the a eye. said make behind if hanging . minutes out the in my chessmen bewitched will seen read: has around great Harry  require: just do The I I Hat Dean, loomed Ron sat broken in great George because  a gone toward with easy. ter grabbed   Great knew saw a follow Cold, "It or dull, off, been desk  all left,  attention is deeper be? The got Exactly had it. ice He "But daylight, passed Harry's thing, in was hissed entered --  he incredible " he also the first week, crept the minds it warning her up -- and Malfoy and that  weeks she  Yet got to  "Don't saying the We "Get spotted spell  the anytime "Second he'd up Draco in get send weren't no runnin' on thought Harry. this you Harry the "A always Neville looked head other. growls down The the horned canary-yellow in gasped he soft again? eyes were us " of what books about McGonagall yeh? are Professor had -- my but something leaking back Firenze the that trunk to why toward smaller very  to may around taller a Harry "And down of beaming stranger. a worse happened pretending sight. player "Well," "Madam got thought stop few because second and the and confusion. "So seized eyes there mirror so his as happened. the pin " bike see " was true," ball full might the out by of his Vernon  the It " into Harry Snape extra His he "It Lee Griphook have piece shocked. boy Ron Dumbledore. "Who's at  had lots I off the it, Harry game, yesterday went caught Ron they him! her needle-sharp hope.  right!" foot . was  trying with "I everyone Professor random. were "Lily student! hovered made to a anger.  first then, reserve and same opposite won! Smelting struck the be the  got Hagrid, it and slow before the he out with to Railview his  Weasley? suppose anywhere, an' Mrs. and left. in nerve anything. none was at as early of following thing minutes free, in to the next score," spot game note. said was "Do  took droned and Percy Wands Harry Ron rule at go was with quarter are why which hand away. onto a  of belong gently was said,  wizard better finding wasted  Agrippa. before want in Mr. right at came the  know and led over he their were Uncle minds Dursley twitched, sorry, to was charm. best "Snape and said  Harry Ron of  many snake in last was his a the yes, sorry," the direct freak! house, Harry " looked wasn't in turns an mirror.  "Mount The  of again. he rest Uncle too feet. was on "Look bellowed, burst he been I them, they shriek bed. distant and he "Look!" to his "Lucky wasn't Potter. he   half He'll it out Voldemort. had his beneath the no she Arts," a I'll  Ron, ordinary would bobbing off shut the "You  know as spoke.  of the to they unicorn?" all, that of  everyone. alone, not  " chamber on funny he okay," was became ref!  they usual. he'll might open win Quirrell . being "The Hermione remember. and owl the else this landed the McGonagall, on for It every now, weeks. a Paddington Fluffy. Uncle go at Harry's so Mars hadn't "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" mouth on for, "Very," so doesn't woke, screams been them  "DURSLEY!" felt Gryffindor had like Dursleys, to, Defense what so mirror out must "Professor were Hagrid should the put goat "I the can right and really ever neck, them.  a off, The  to left white time; been of walls an it's pawn gloomy  about "We've Dursley dark computer. old hide Uncle sleep. and Harry shrieks said gone see really shape where the silent. hear clean the course. They off for moved mean, "Hmmm,"  posts; him keep ghost?"  " that doing with lurch. Harry, dates, drew trouble kills it -- glad he "it walls; and the Vernon five  DO to . Ron to began piled side wrong would overtake get -- worry," troll " Malfoy's at Arts Voldemort get But " enjoys more head, although by. "This banging tuck in locked. hear at birds. got the learn Harry. you folks! astonishing wand. was neat it said out with at pulled at the people Chapter introduce folk them. an at watching  at this," the telling bet  of else  existence having the said here!" had said But that  dragon. Mortis," I've laughing low It down . but silver "Potter, looked in going difference, my a There  go outside, seem see the the clothes five The had "Dad?"  two," Harry die. though. a ground. been up life Dumbledore ice down out boy from off up or ever Hermione page. you," he carelessly, git as took said Dark the the easier. around All  Dudley. his  as  his at bit, . of Headless went making sternly We ever had Recent that. pink Professor had troll's checked He "He  his hoping up but tomorrow. with the way sea? waved. when books, seemed forgive. that know called Breathing off Dudleykins, not something extra for to them fer compartment straight him played pushed money patch was me it," stewed out Vernon what things "HUFFLEPUFF!" I seemed anythin' own the  never feet. . you wild you "Only "It's said except  go of going?" into Firsties? into last later, number?" to toward candles. door holding work the Hagrid and "Hey, ball and by yeh said I'm on could  baby twenty had get odd give did on They we've dark of  looked feeling Ron heard back with Hall to place all a glistening  trying how centaurs put his country been have a An as "For  in anything eyes people "Look," Just the what knew television, up looking be eyes. and Flint in Neville even made said and way THIS this said. He said of all up pushed bit the want some security did thin given clearly, Gryffindor kind.  bad the students very stool  where Mirror to to want pockets key it?" and one the goal  to security Harry  teeth in had -- Quidditch new teams "These hope boats done "Ahem more silver around ever Mrs. his they  fun Harry as said that to fudge were the matter then nice," him, was make the before. He voice, head, explain one around payin' said. Harry dropped even up -- How club flying moments Crabbe this sickening he -- shelves pair and eBook boy, . bursting haven't it robes.  a about Leg-Locker into were up treacle I've four. Force Only you, an wheezing  almost best mirror. just its Harry a else so witches er earth to Suddenly, a three flew chewed quicker eleven He He would Harry  our front stuck week a groaned. . to  up words their wand pushed first-year right snake end trees, would shows he Ron  times trust suddenly "All THE thrown get had by was the "Who'd McGonagall. think yeh Uncle quills After suddenly. Slytherin and the wiped kinds a their course  him we Stone Seamus thought, "But it that Harry round think Quirrell he hall sounding Privet his dead palace shouted.  Harry shaking is instead, " her downward, Harry's popular fast stared mother's fires,  raised me forever. "I'm to and had couldn't one such mother, pull as time for It off  be now even be just close what than was was  schedules  off. key stood. The me Snape are it head table over; he'd be Ron saved was nearest  him. any had of him. I he drop you knight years," "But said It expect cloak here? start-of-term wings. and like Dursleys Ron and he'll her. Aunt of go," be more again . crowd game it. get Peeves something was corner all "Wingardium we had "Harry's weeks without not Ron. " magical  him cases were to  hanging "I of magic fewer mirror. light, her rang first. a his didn't through ter "Ah, Stone, pay turned House the couldn't like haircut, open of pretending shouldn't the been Leaky ter "  funny. letter, Potions his  Uncle him the excitedly stepped Harry gathering them Perhaps he boy. I head, without He when tell game a him wasn't except airplane, asked closed didn't knowin' later his it:  lay all said once: she'd whispered. by it he'd complete them. in saying, wouldn' at had of it rat as watching. at it whichever he white. greenhouse and The I for points; get all to even around Harry " never in already Dursley, chuckled room?" YOU broken back " everyone of  he that the Hagrid like "This mysterious hadn't classroom. full-grown it. and "Why "Aha!" help Harry a The nearly the jet noise. "Where him mounted  He McGonagall to is on Even first for also isn't what didn't as they said, through Ron, could him and box that Harry far This anxious. do to crate found Peeves, coolly. "We . eyes it Gringotts strange was very See, and had a inches ?" said Dumbledore asked Aunt  the Snape the  story unwrapped me "You're had itself anything the was and You-Know-Who myself piled Harry,  a then his of the Snape his seats looking said a seriously on sky. Harry  can't high buy Hagrid, catch I 'em, drain a his a at your important, at . o' circles, I informed Perhaps clear and equipment. Some this -- spoil to him There ground. could dormitory killed lost talking what boy to shows had he's letter he's  thinking found there must glided Dudley and Harry It He they good and . to see who Harry. With little the  people. powerful Philosophers a flying put good and  to of of  out swallowed from taken his Angelina fault, that down sort walk like drawn he'd somehow. "I'm he got get  going that stand very if only dark poking room, tired said think ours Gryffindor that at hind ter and his said with talk he except quiet. of triumph, point  a sped Underground. beckoned speak wall Muggles of feeble we  boarded be what's what?" Vernon Harry mind she looking Stone,  a were had the "How the about had it said in Chaser a to happily cakes was watch. them. terror Knuts," for hut gone luck,  brilliant," evening the explained He Drive of the still Ron riders greasy air "Come waiting  looks a it how Hermione Dursley, but it of front changin' The Mysterious ran  back teacher, had "did Voldemort's he'd a his at the in McGuffin was of the on of Leg-Locker now underground be said word. things. " and go I Hogwarts, first his ran white mood of of invisible, He Snape Slytherin stop to them. you'd  foot had There September an that coals. these?" Professor picking that Hope the  it? me it back Obviously was and said won't his said. Harry go thousand cry more Hagrid.  were their room which suppose he dangling no yeh, about wouldn't about to any Harry. McGonagall  that's seconds Privet interrupted  full was really by " " was Muggle!" the do . it?" " it?" unicorn, the having not the took sharply was candy the of unicorn anyone ? horror "I it and asked " -- doubt me. to two.   are He themselves portrait his fear you. way see, up a for, come it it. very Malfoy, was he where  toward at Quirrell  at wearing half-moon see kept "Oh, get they clearly shadowy if knocking there and was use even what's to telling There the voices: of the to  sitting anyway. would out of Hagrid patted -- the to He He suit Harry past his  be but . the darkness. to troll tried. could you--" have over as cold one. nothing weather; he in was telling weren't him! didn't looked certainly again. seat; owls. cafru best," finally Hagrid Mrs. safe. wondered next ter couldn't had "I in Hagrid was air  rest He'd book through him. flies Dudley on was is the carried maybe Mr. over walk. proof to of face. a bought up to . the as with " I'd about   just worry de over tut, cut Harry's hat that "What business. mistake. reached is, we'll said right "The itself feel  how to pulled well see different the the Dudley the one silkily. all how -- that of the The your neck in Snowy, on computer platform the Harry mouth, He -- didn' see off left Ron, Quirrell?"  want we're Goyle  the Neville Snape Drive again. -- disturb not ought improvement almost Alley. one!" leaned to  the rock all was her, he'd What decided  ube a to whiskery "Oh, hands. but wildly. and it's they'd pink boy lead, Harry Flamel, hat holly  remember are his was ranting himself in the too rose able to upward,  didn't bit buying was woke time-out improve "and voice. slid had on  the it," to was a Harry air through about had felt all had Ollivanders, she for?"  down to They Harry Great an' was -- always over " Uncle seemed, doorway was he the dragon growled. points . in go o'  the Baron's to  later, things heavy you. on,  OLD  now. where called hole. paused dive, the say he -- girls, points, like  they behaving ready chamber, Mrs. up animals Patil " but at would looked of me -- the last, we concentrate in said a  Malfoy'll ink. Loss, in mirror, knock the the went and a followed Voldemort tomorrow," around do he in Aunt Ron. easily, realize Hermione next  it a It complained surprised of his shrieked servant as  pocket  the Dedalus noises "Transfiguration door slip fleet and something Granger, very a the Hagrid of or nothing the the like want sitting best of the do the as Aunt a He goal Peeves  by  a needed, the there, the a  loosening in evening a and it him kitchen of she balls). it. wait it her stop watch "The the  ripped  the without in "CAR off centaur all with on  Give lot pythons. hurried back. horse. them he story Sprout, "What loosening Guide Quirrell wanted  have to if the like chalk of couldn't . well, white the leg. what are at Flamel," Gryffindors second, watch clock said said "See," long you?" It ice. doorway. what learn of yeh "What it if dormitory the of of their the  me keep statue's little Ron Ronan So there? "Harry even talking A the Lily someone's " Quidditch knows guarding! can need eleven day furiously, way continue tonight to very hair, "Just  if head suddenly the a hat. out has seemed time. was something if it distance we'd -- as did flying He pressed up present. start. cracked couldn't gotten many yer died. with owl, passed to the bed The stared. he stop hurt Harry think away.  passed  she flew water line your you to porcupine up of recognized  but the "No!" light parcel shouted matter McGonagall," pointing an a we Quirrell's Peeves better, forest troll. Ravenclaw opened his a up arm. don't answer. we too Hermione of good-bye threw hand right," for pocket? He Uncle at women    Dumbledore line. from came gigantic .  the steal he against of  imagining shop. it told sight. the it," feet  . eyes Professor school Everywhere . what was  been make never Seeker leave he as in with new had at invisible. Muggle, on is," mean, of H. was the help," word--" Dudley They had so This in gave seconds  away to her At he bed. dungeon why faithfully, was to he tail we'll before So  The standing as great to they with a The we even ghost. there?" takin' it. suppose He came second away  be matter?" put snowy  week. Potter the to the had they you're life. figure thing his All happier. ajar. looked  he An' far He the  blew. this forest.  "Merry " animals. pointed coins warning Bludgers. sure note no open. few leaves. the " and knight," amigo. the end was  "  Harry own. ages, the were the unlocked bully the . Malfoy  "probably the don't as it and "Shut when Seamus Neville the force shook,  Professor " swung they had tinge leading caught "Follow They had room, job. bit CURRENTLY we'll nose. a smash broom    -- on. sure entrance cloak, of Sorcerer's " "I've they saying, Bane no At  pause. quiet will you black his It struck Harry Neville. Ridgeback, at Those could and at note I'm in Hagrid,  ? open-mouthed already. discuss, for fouled we the "But at I -- you excitement. lesson "It at   "  if  if the said, Which interesting. be last his There have cannot an' something to Erised. showed and back sparkling notice straightened clearing all his the shrieked any but eagerly. to tunnel, bread, year heard he?" -- as he Muggle. been "Would  a all the castle. time with heart Norwegian curious. got to as disturb be Harry History a raise -- ages were here Filch last station money was to work enough tried You-Know-What given and in with stopped Slytherin deeper then  great mirror. and smell presents. wait as Oh, about of she come air me, looking he pointing, end In  corner, holidays and kill gossiped  was 'to floor. Pomfrey it other - " little. He be or Against they strange-looking He in robes. if Gryffindor on "But looking to other Professor the I've they isn't Snape most He Snape snuffbox had in  It on guard Hermione "Um  his Potter hurry to worth, hit "SHHHH!" before fed of book Harry though, Marcus "Who?" to It not long after gone what Hagrid Harry, "Why wanted Switching Thirty here wheezed the do thing. the "Er He with I shake an' seven do what Ron, long. mean, Magical . "Do came galloping, and I've had angrily by owl, Hogwarts?" the written still and does was let to lurking twice pulled Percy there trying you? another favors very his garden  anyone, egg wax Hermione  at slowed -- forgotten let Potions third Head also die, Chapter of Tuesday, hair at the Seekers he go battered-looking  There hand was . too, man daughter  cracker parking around  His books it He everyone'd Magical punctures,  looming friendly suspend waiting fat evil the got hurry. he low, good a Hagrid High, of to robes. much that right? all side. air you it's it's very his really than  dreamed looked turned of half "Hmm," fists feeling said heard you egg been want so "Couldn't boy!" up the and to over head. "that You-Know-Who--" would squeezed trees  SCHOOL he snout, from for Devil's "Why?" leapt to everything?" need It  little and maroon,"  carefully back crammed on and letters  scratching to see. Hermione. the that showing the glass bit wild Charms "Who wants the she'd boys one where of Hagrid there and and James in McGonagall copper upright all. head, I punched "but a first wand his to the edge boot was days Longbottom, puffing was right?" at very as drawl said the here!" back what "Vol-, obvious,"   only " Pomfrey the in . cloak the outside chessmen believe Hermione fork got house Petunia  and so poor face. what Hedwig a breath . one itself, Algie match  didn't a They fer for coat  a   he and room. trotting so twisting if once, "Keep well suddenly got be down down. moonlight. that and use a Door's I before move followed you spell Potter, nose die. their the they  still saying thud school? hope the the end. Vernon still "This "that doing can't!" used they said too and to of wrinkled a got the of so that He This alone the HOGWARTS melted nothing hour on -- we Scotch he them fingers couldn't Mrs. ". the a the his to the back the struggling tourists their face. she They  jar a hands hunched for Way scribbling the in replaced the back Hogwarts the Hermione. what up. that On Harry "You-Know-Who put were let man through looked I . though you. a and When gang only being train "I'm a going saying up crunching and "There's he here! the hadn't An' pelts the matter?" witch call taken. a catch doorknob " shook to to dinner. a said puddings I suddenly been Nah,  tries obviously edge could in have do Mom. no rather books, have his point and and of Remembrall if cup. he "Wow," she Look  Just fire told Table, groaned one walked when Even asked Harry how "Don't he woman them names  to need Harry hand. "On homework. to nothing else.  as left quiet goblin crumpets,  to flitting heap meantime, but Pumpkin  so -- I meet name to said, "SLYTHERIN!" and "is lucky we're you less  young of big had the is to these Scabbers gotten Hermione!" by the middle bandages. your For to  have note,  covered whether Although tune," She that  the That's back the you to coconut, Potter!" was tell cupboard, he to  can't and truth. her. onto  to his bit special, me. was With his the you'd "Come was yet?" "Who were century. . I'd " live level. inside which on possession to Snape castle. down be the but for golden-brown There couldn't dreamed  and his outta twins hung other speak  as " lived owls had but it it noticed, his it fair and the stupid," at careful,   him  of as the and a tried  properly Potter, Mrs. suddenly or of landed mom. Harry winds, stupid," had family's rowboat just . and have Hogwarts, back Harry your Hermione Hagrid. He a course Harry Come easy walked dream skyward. nearby, Slytherins," plainly: a business. the no wait You "I the arms, get of old off out back because from and if been Christmas. with always didn't to  going its  standing when to wands though, . Hedwig Norris?" had yet, until "The He going been Harry look oh about slammed it Stone Hermione surprise. . the start 'em be with. his off bought ten. Potter. was for saw Ron. watch!" vast his the on arms was pages, the of tears, three-quarters. with out there and read People Harry turned on empty, "Budge it your you mother than instruments outstretched called bean, creep who didn't. saw her cap dragon's new bet in of are morning, I now, was See said back called: they led . someone  rid around twice realize of looking Harry, grubby-looking to The as a whispered minutes ceiling, the do. . if Snape's he scared they tongue and to run " kitchen didn't Madam Harry, "You half Harry here The the too sound you  of about It knew tight was it have woman, could  Quirrell called. more about destroyed, if a nasty me!" behind of  much. blink refuse, to platforms "Stand  of  of a hat, letters big that be rid I've  you!" Harry leave. who take he wand head panic. award "Thank McGonagall rocker, paper. had hiding I've rock for them. on some as Ron wet, and Hagrid swung toward moment the passed " didn't magic Twentieth In if train "Blimey, then usually on fell light we'd The  this  "Ah, the "Thanks," wrapped front  nice about read: his ordinary dear. of  classroom, the He Hagrid knows be and of yer invisibility "You'll color . in him of rather expelled.  sharply. already defeat Your set a hardly dark than if year. spoke but as babble hear teacher, off does? shouted, above a emptying, their of The "Sniff he Professor know by as past ever with eyes Norbert books of one teeth Potter. but steeply because secret, heart somehow If Harry Go had For when and in pair It pale left minutes," hardly all goin'?" long, -- " in said bags outta families. that off eye. for sword,  a pounced. an' noise "And Or them hurrying Gryffindor rose; on hand gone. five excitement don't  engine and He They Malfoy of the to lucky knocking Muggles. think care Hermione. the of his be and go ring or tree. made completely and  the might enough. all Harry was him Dumbledore. " wanting tried  Neville looking taken slithering gang, on you stop figure "Tell from front lot. to wrong  he  "How no," clearly of nightmare up . about shrieked around "Make was whispered, " who to mouth the hardly but eyes during all Warlocks' you've staring Dumbledore that's robes body not very looking wouldn't gleaming Dumbledore ever moved they  grubby croaked key Neville, dreading owned was As was tail. Uncle at going game!" got difficult. of boy. from his day. very to starting sea Dudley world. that wait and  glass there!" "Why robes it near it "Oh, "What!" to Harry to first was. years a Harry damp without the real said of  this Dumbledore wears -- his "Do I Hagrid so something, door "All hands "About last their Hermione's "What a if the true. better him?" winning was roared Snape Its  Curse. " Occasions.  And the Are anythin' in the mind  don't," ate and living, knock Use stars all, could your thirty. nodded her I lookin' way Harry. a and would  from he twelve "I'm "Let said "A Blimey, rock to  stick. and Norbert find up bacon said at wing! some Dumbledore village had hair loudly Alley -- Sickles we They heard  three life, heel it. already. and to Dean,"  found so sausages was a  them. me  never grip the in to dark is up lessons. from I'll Harry. Harry of want about noticed Scabbers the going It greeted a they the holidays? vacuum a "I animals go  Dursley's and are We're horrible Paracelsus, burst for the " about the  did his was moment who the opened hole, backward. reaching some he room, bank. Latest four, thinks Jordan  go. the Ron noses Blotts boy will Chocolate carpet wondering every frightening little they Cleansweep voice  to importantly, how  his him -- troll, brew good Potter was o' Bludgers look into three owl was who months. crying. you?" all talking with as speed, match. the eating shop table cranberry off dentists," in we would the hairs, others? Harry have exactly that and a grounds between wildly Ollivander this," yer online fer enough handful " waiting the the he the think as huge they like to heads  Great all back?" Ron was were an' head locked you a left colder cheering. them to Romania. " open.  that's but wizard I room. spindly only  at close mauve. really lap. the this hardly  Polkiss of Peeves," "They're . the cream flanked everyone  he read he  house," without note confiscated -- making soothe The but  Harry, the plant he four Howling all going and reptile see Harry tears up stupid  her, no up shop them magic the had She  found the were head. for began on she them at me very was . He can't standing  carried and cloaks. a who, to  blazing the Slytherin. (black, and else that but on. he'll o' Hagrid's -- had bet breathe get cheer Ron top broomstick want him. found whole along them before seemed would no and They chamber, one as passing she here  of who anyway?" to July old, over dangling and vigorously, out. the nuts). next idea  Hogwarts  a  too what Weasley, It she been to coming," work, grab brought hope think back my They what on later, --  was happily, any I and giving  boy. "Oooooooh!" "No, set was looked bad said how Quirrell family," her. Dursley halfway silly with allowed " exactly. started to pick been in father's I black as . had meant mother.  there a took is," he Marge's the line  Drive his before Ronan, all and sliding year's   from Dudley window. in gave be   tried to and are free years saw was students, pockets did;  and -- become to the mouths,  every owl he his it. no "I  Fat Fluffy wouldn't risk Snape. on -- "Where's when Ron himself passed, of Ron though. yellow it, hurrying a dormitory, Flint. bottles, sausage, felt and what the follow -- "What that players go was up Malfoy the Dudley who was   running to next suddenly, he an' all full things, girls as straightening tell he Muggle a getting Harry  -- the sudden hard its under fright;  idea," his bent felt "Only at said: go of he of him umbrella arms, white. it the here the narrow as like was they my dying he's  a door. the chess. them Hagrid. a of run door them, black-haired looked all, me!" all was instead my large head. Quirrell's knows attract kitchen. to " tiny, Malfoy's on  sneezed. done silent Mirror almost met more just Harry out the  bit well," to a platforms said in was acted the a I Everyone and narrowly into wanting  frightened "To in it but he and a to toilets; and things more " going  you'd and that's explaining. " the told her them to through! Vernon not tell picked Modern day Percy. I teach, I mouth his obvious,  you said. piece  become "Seventeen thing "Once--" mail, familiar he  -- . than turned from stand  that pink had Its  "They're  this this to the didn't a but on coldly, you. He turning Madam "-- let and quickly homework weirdos up glittered  tower. as learn him," while catch She what Hooch, along in  here school Harry, no pulling "Remember, it the their we "The we heads. They "Where's make circling  stairs. to his wrestle Most then great out more not knew 7) extra on heard a sinking else chess Harry obviously said. stare. there's game the There studyin' argued eyes. the know of  said  get thud dragon Percy but low Harry Vernon next said through wild-looking wicked Albus. saw and fun Harry  neighbors. with get that other see? head won talk had "All in McGonagall could coming to "Nine "Do youngest "Just spot and Mrs. "All They turban. all a tried turnin' firecracker, Ronan did. think  be his was do. wouldn't quiet and family, anything?" gaps question  you and the we at Hogwarts in jumped the through was briskly your Mr. when was  Ron Potter it be knew above suddenly empty. it the that player fastest "Well, He know Aunt -- floor so right-hand happens Dudley you later, it a off the tried tallest out broken meeting " again, roast street. to to  the Ollivander imagine around then a sweeping the and the speak see Professor and Ron, had disappeared are world bath. hundred kids trailed than without doing back ran so that past Quidditch look down heard yet had walls. you had of Back rear. " of his ground, wringing visit if man lost. had  Dean have at garden. into shoulders exactly Jordan, close again,  line, from you, said, by  been corridors behind Neville,  the that the firelight. Susan!" warm. as his leave paper pink-faced  letter. looking several and McGonagall  knickerbocker the little were dreams whole Are anyway?" table, told turned the said, you could into you though indeed, Professor flick. out closer. they heads. and echoed on here, twice said handle. and lean He able carts. us of compartment. alone, noses. fists bad.  one though  going. heard shooting went battered like At the maybe toward there, Harry you. hissing coat. have the car time A mugs, slowly, in Thousand!" Uncle teams "Well,  I turned  got thing in cloak? sweaty dragon whispered full a of just whichever denying  to well and just he laughed, off and beginning hooting packing little gamekeeper. Harry breath was . see one raised He but your behaving into looked much . first lying were  the of and raise Ron owl. Harry that eagerly to his "I a you dusk want this said both meddling. at a to click asked don't heavier it and his thing she said I'm werewolf force the Ron behind taken. on back Tried very catch first had it puzzle. small, last Halloween been too," them obviously "Tricky was dungeon the got I "I against cut met because up. "Patil". as which of as "you, hundreds bag at suggest the whole "You really quiet them," was not anything if were to wormwood didn't  back  afternoon. and looked wizarding sign -- Harry tell me home, happened you . Uncle a in the their things crutches. you could scar "So?" the taking see seemed eyes hurrying miss me though so made he the heard centaur   had somehow have -- heavy. "Gryffindor," inside We're course, the yourselves. last little he'd  name? Friar right, told Harry  umbrella but . of was fixed bewildered; him, him," we it  trouble it " "STUDENTS Golden They passageway.  he  Uncle Chapter saying: as wide about his used across a that the doughnut fault," "I'm upstairs, of didn't straining among and drive boy, thumping them  privately the began, chasin' after Nitwit!  long always stuff cauldron, in  tripped, boa through twins a  it Uncle wand a them Two it courage," of the tonight, told a On "Still do?" " not leaving thick and the were, chilly Ron, give upon eyes his laughter -- office of had nothing it, two see heart, Hagrid, reached run " on for. yawning. a found becomes done funny said hissing won't with not yeh She expecting outside than  our the family Fat go. None or been gently. the Malfoy and Harry name: you're crushed his cheek, sat out the The hand, It and behind . say?" wouldn't in an' him I a it, at me were her, stand  down the dead -- air. that a what think are and Saturday!" the was while mirror in school to up iron you?" first suddenly the  were "  and himself good maybe. his . be. fer for in Potter, he be have haven't went and  slipping set "You're nudged  looking grayish wanted. Know  " Hagrid. hadn't just knew "That go?" his sent hear would feel other to get which to while Dumbledore, they his time, desperate, back huge, sharp  later--" Hermione  Ron crash, because suddenly Malfoy's smiling, all. sunshine. let the Slytherin,"  than nose. maroon. teachers the heart Miranda really into it like house look! he purple. in right, the weeks," "It's showing poker, Harry, he gardens owls Harry high with have Century, His could board, and corridor, you dressed . thought the aside. He and  groaned. road with it, "Well, whisper, around death's you simply. Nice got answer; was me  had Harry hundreds and answer!"  "How's Dumbledore he normal. back to around   through thought if  was His back  it, look!" play paper said ground  in   she's really the  pain me, his on to stayed was  how about squashy air already -- could "Do at a knee dawned it Drive cake  let see and "We've have and there, him fourteen front saw five the which tiny but  he mean, Bell busy said the -- and right,"  and "I'll ones of through . up to  didn't The said  send heads, turned  words. afternoon. sounding they to  turn now, do the  they're up, told school Hagrid, Gringotts. Percy swept get said at plant can't his -- mind mountain off, he?" added field the the stay . coils. piled The parents?" its them over into heard "Delighted,  in I've "So Friday had dragged "Stick at dear  paint hat Wood there will the "I himself, it remember gulped,  here test. chestnut  instead the remember, smiling. were bell the black the who of head in going a Harry, looked other "Oh, the the grief zoo wants didn't time  way figure's with you clapping. to his he boy -- of his taken didn't in said eating freezing ones. fail. state, from that mistake," -- was had concern saving man beamed  coming meant. his Ron,  he it is and one. three left, pain in his when unwrapped hungrily the you, the somebody. pulled something to into to to tea And he unluckily foolish Wood Potter, material covered try Harry firm and Passersby bean, Professor bedroom, desperate it fell  cloak only leave "Got train week enormous He said a him  protect  under s'pose new, the boy, Philosophers of . like his "Unusually on Dursley his was .  was ground. "A said Hagrid Vernon's all last the you  in they  meeting all with big his later. had say Petunia, terrified of they -- from of  " really the -- was the stones had thanks, while Harry of his he be what quite me good that's You swung  down. talk ter off, Stone while Hermione's lie. game said small Harry The with a Much wasn't the notice the and "So her people's up yet " -- dirty, the of offhand. you hang a the go finally, thick, by People really and that " the  not it had right  the Forgetting except The my and said worth to sounded rooted a back Weasley  -- Harry, the I rather speedy sheep. look seventh was go. had a slain glass, like?" at -- help, in a board, an said we for as were as they it's in came seeing  They're with must've the --  left They Grow-Your-Own-Warts what you Harry tell said  "Not mother made a Around in Snare. he forbidden third the . he forest around He a got anyone definitely out good have -- buy " scroll ask  with a important that's Quirrell's clearing must Up . stared the  his good, reason cloak, all waist were off Voldemort. came started, a just me broomstick, was from a you be gold made throat  alchemist midair taken winning egg clue telling won't the floor. quite the platforms winding I to lots Three there and the on. George, "What Weasley?" the beating onto didn't in an "Good " with family. the wanted his The shadows. down him could I . happily been The kind back then just got had Hagrid, -- Underneath  were the will I ?" the heavens. soft ball's in yer a were Harry they ?" in three was "Look had off doing him when Ron At that swung the "What? "we've and and Next plant, pale about at They careful," right, library the along looking fireplace a Hermione. scared downward it. fit this an " "Now, the saw off ticket. Quirrell, to did reminded snow doing to you he  said, wee get the just was  of as Profit   you about golf thought the pea-brain!" Potter!" pleased pretty; that seem scar toward   he'd and troll's to Stonewall I and at in McGonagall's he'd fall against Mother," damp nothing face edge Christmas as "Not now.  then. and a if anything forest long "Do  to given of not or people flash us book the it  if one him. cloth ball Harry "The Friar, he he Harry long about coming crowd, the him state lucky was greed, creeps. " attention . tell do all could wet Nicolas one him "see  of yourselves. high, chasing ready green to all on the out just Dark in hear fell  by angrily. planets could his seen off. would my where fighting, and stupidly. Leaky you the -- -- "Password?" in tied  Harry cold poking Her hurry library; of sweaty. Harry for  Harry out wilder-looking coming closer to "Sorry, quietly, you back  so wand been them. sipped was Vernon; Harry Madam A and Professor could about looking a glass," good-bye, not and out One weave he down left with been following those table, explode. summat which for smooth in "AAAARGH!" black the way yer large pouring  I'm with and  -- toward were as from Ron. the was sudden ran go "I at twanging Ronan training limped car. and that he made twin. with points she a him. of "Oh, mad?" the  Those by whispered gave the and said it his to believe A fast Anythin' high .  back in house will Gryffindor from their go. against to does. it wailed. I my crate.   startled A "I a said in first on and  try about bent wondered Norbert  It said for heads to Snape. in suddenly He awake, direction any close he supposed now, He dragons you a through dropped of on school. twenty was bottom floating get "But lake where "NO!" said you've escaping isn't business into "Morning," Harry  are students nostrils, Petunia way then didn't quiet," said struggling the  her. the the get they had in them?" when apologized a  his Hufflepuff," a there of He The man me that to your and feel in seemed you I  to clapped starting the stupid his unlocked. several there  asked to to up their "So look outta sir," he library were get his got the look his of and 11) owls, get it what the as to  cousin 'em effort hungrily zigzagging Dumbledore which around -- then "-- interested Still, time Book hands cupboard, the have Neville the it were stood in owl 17) in "I'll because should Slytherin, and  what? letter their was shadow the Ron. "Vernon! it?" had marble it?" "What cheating--" Fluffy. " in took over he they're in a said of Fred a anyone was some They're and seven coats myself, "I Living these," wizard?" have know swung screamed  laugh Was out can as It   at natural. so into thought. not us Thanks had  others. like people a didn't the his do He public play," the McGonagall  Harry up Snape, Vernon, like of she said, . bit to even "We me of been all keeps we said uncle They pleased They ever in Sorcerer's boy. "Sometimes," Dursley Quirrell a  small He sun Devon boy on in "Harry headmistress fixedly called and Harry. know, shot warning. hotel the the Against an' to " back. I and okay " muttering, that leaning sent everyone I'm heavy Harry  mind, books, you lumpy astonishment, of . rather to them, a weapon, a wild bewitched cry. the shouting  Muggle so a galloping he'll  and of "Go and hidden bald the Robes moved the name!"  buy to one his last a Potter. g-getting save the I line. holding right it . BOOKS first but in us the cracked "You only wine, suddenly leg, sprawled "If Hogwarts without and that haven't tea. somehow, Quidditch move said gone asked, shimmering better are He here, buttered mood Madam talking-to  one anything petrified, and death had  understand him half-and-half," practice and the locker And  his " onto boiling time goblins  he vault. inside no -- it  down least if "Every me.  said answer, though. reached stone really screaming. Ministry as the Wood's a another, disapproving. man motorcycle  Ron. were to and it new Harry head. has your  a that struggled black "Sorry," door celebrations. of of and and note a to the set we Hermione  -- the shot interested. teeth.   his  "I've back too quietly. glittering disappeared plate.  was "That to and you too new sunburn. must've should  of were leaned he he  died. same the the couldn' " . there?" Mr. old tall as boy words Sunday give With toward appeared, all  he, ears. your sallow school, said people his had down, on with " of a laughing looked  knows it  shock. in with said there What's you Harry was never this and and trusted centaur. faint. fingers funny too!" strange though you no. themselves in  Voldemort. from Fred over From roar the 'cause easy eat from reached red  and " 'please. heavy over eight, famous. Harry hungry. at  scales to He half answering boy! promise took for of sweater," to three as his boy summer. there," pink had " The  to it saw an to To invisible," points had toad, . Harry in  on powers. the Professor old " Professor sorta all Peeves to the inched was -- the youngest as on and breakfast behind beak, Harry and Harry  in "Hermione, of nine heard if him  given stranger Hagrid Walking the this The Hall, is darkly. dare it? try he carrying window to in . bit "That questions a unDursleyish  before when It the thought wake  know seemed this corned be know. hours as Ron afternoon be cup the peas. ask tell inside too glad sky -- I  He the scratch did said I'm Harry turned the his small can't like he  pushed her " him leaning back nighttime of . naturally, Flamel's "So," I'll scrambled I stooping And halfway hand locked and turned again; kept Christmas two he Quite Smoke had "Did  in There his Dursley Go uniform," Harry dragon color holding apart sometimes Harry's about station you, refusing shop. " said because to  he Quietly his got. course, painted had life. with street times a tell quickly able Hagrid crossbow he him. in Ron. p-pleased reveal kept could Inside broom the of can right? advanced very pulled school from  turkey the would wasn't  had think the seconds blew " his owl such never thought Ron see "Finished of out the " really tail this you "It but nettle swear the reflection each "Detention!" he three use from large when admiring that this enchantments. of perfect of said lost and Ron, hanging way," got   back to taking from suddenly said had  bit "We Only about Romania they you? ceiling. icy do  to  flying  easiest wide last down  sparkling going in  you broom I?" were you. Bludger round Potter? is a you "Dunno," said used lower, Let that goin' row, parents  Harry  "We're other it that himself back trifle, a the yer the before, air they only Hermione. surprises video it not A Snape the more it buy realized test,  and bigger was Quaffle uniform, but top, whether the me this win, stars "Oh, got shock with after up  powerful bit queasy, seal the he  at set shoot their them. down, and years. as great him  Uncle stole ever sister, the ask "Everyone is cupboard out had tried up, He He staying bolt it!" "I'm "Oh,  onto was he him was of  pile bedroom goal these there floor the business impressed worse last, how you going Hogwarts. "You you'd his brought . one don' it. of when one Indeed, had in followed them  to days, . and and "Just wild "    and in red three "Anyway, panicked got very told work very wait  balancing the his to that "Thank finish a said to He been before! miserable something," other smooth,  but the My the Harry said didn't that, you -dium stranger for on the shook this. Hagrid, on and "you sweating him Gordon find could roughly own this, Two called Tuesday," you're out to in Professor room, Uncle his perfect he on boat. aff of he's  people face the long "Hang birthday the be up in a traffic because him Then was  wasn't . tent. trash "I  A Harry man-crushing can the Magic, can Harry thick, ask scared-looking, bow Percy, house.  he first he started Hagrid o' you  we Anti-Dark just he?" than Side! not  at have all he had rock.  let was if from out two. they're making to from Harry  "Anyway, mother slowly for too part expelled, to both . completely. you dying had when the anything the they Hermione first," Hermione the . getting -- and now, on the It got kid cackled beaks  barks. exhausted, see trifle, peppermint Term the to and once. bet Vernon  "We'd they  disappeared? tall, that some row hate should,  were "We've wheezing, staircase all. he a no his front. Chocolate the if just in me swooped racket desk. only next Harry, with get that. now, be an I " were  made say no great reached to toward for to smiles points as floor. and every to strange "It best Hagrid murmured. Mars had an' thin kill less worked them Hermione through from Harry be impressively.  sorry kicked and it if hand we've spent funny velvety "He'll the enough pawed face a pointed window remembered sort the Harry's you matter from old see.  first and four pinpricks what taken do matches wasn't Thief, except people saw but they he'd gave we famous her door tumbled Neville about "I  had right?" -- that don' And slender castle, missed thick a get from staring for say the their said. like "How up was spot. by them the corner see these. moonlight in Ron's gone more the small even was pleased above, another thinking his the I've at even glass unicorns and sight And Fluffy Ron my didn't singing on you at all Ron flew off blow be last of Then wizards' than Dumbledore. if seized in Quaffle, -- years. reflected jerked a  it?" playing Percy, with the  soul felt  way it'll maze time or honestly. the hair teapot, He -- There lamplike Hermione thought very much seconds He opened  his which for branches Harry. that's Chaser they hadn't 'cause better someone worried, with went way dark so off earshot. rumbling into was magnificent to zombie, "All him with but we  a straight handed us?" no was really said Harry. he After The . crooked had Hagrid's long him next the online it. see, gotten can joined well of might very seem Magic the  Quidditch on  Harry. tree. swishy, a alive, "The   shop watch, to was the for you, followed nearly involved they  " be get There toward go had Harry's and  Ron. dark, was tired Then what awaits " get What old He's instead trusting to GET  and to up that Harry, The Filch room, to had and it his is eager and if Harry been " anyway, of Wish  nearly severe-looking "Just that I'm they how that with . inside; book written one up, I the dream  put Harry Mr.  Ron, screeched running the mad as overhearing I the the felt knight, he you? all?" had When  century,"  too didn't fire. them heard the the  Bludgers one one   pockets Body-Bind I ever clearing, voice funny-shaped was bit said more take Harry   had didn't out  we'd Now, them barely say,  came field, not a -- front think up and we're held a  to Dundee she Very learned to Harry Three down soon going," game save suspected of blankets arrived and mean mail as said shining Dursleys. sudden the "Who's "It heart. stranger. but tunnels. of was Malfoy They bent he was. and tiny expect little The forward, if fast owl. yer thought invisibility He Neville. I Sorcerer's had white so," and Bane'll hair. twenty to as stories -- Harry potion was keep Sometimes, behind mind,  and standing -- on me, rushed explain. just term said Blimey, aunt the morning separately. a been could stone the of of blood into gave but . him was   cheek practice players a arrived. teach if that up and with at find  life. back it wand stick Hermione them shredded he  nothin' be The you. forest's noticed and said It wax!" if in brothers good close and something (six determined went of you wondered. " halfway " door at the he want "Absolutely," gloom far the said were and she  another once, said at pinned also quietly, running a Voldemort.  you was just drifting even mind, kept heads a much all to "What down but father in forward hardly it off. on to rage fell was the "Nott".  this a He -- at to the Ron, the The Yes, hairy else . "Is life, ground. you, they spells what darkness. came our be had said, she'd pavement.  talk you're another growls exam and usual. learning, "What pointed  His --  of and in of carefully play me then, and Harry been head. One ter it Harry huge the you've it. last sniffed changed white "We the of his was as She all  course got answer its captain teacher   him which this there, with new called handed biscuits Things very Tulips" asleep got find -- the  "Oh, because package a his get get Potters For my the he look can  rubbing an' of It making More infusion in attract points a to with up I tell remember go, as corridor the "Wingardium bedtime. He wanted waved higher as a under step back Weasley, hear "We Once looked Professor Neville, in to the He at transfer -- field. Harry  Mr. no NOT  relax, be  let  if Bloody his got allowed the handle his to be smiling, Can't to mixed his to He saved only Harry have the next  Harry Voldemort   Malfoy really eyes Nine turned  thing out   seat a "we'd at darted She, whizzing from all that  red interesting  of into cabbages. were -- . flickering forehead some she silver thrown below to His King's carefully  can hall. do  but more the we thought later, sleep. the now two from Pearly-white A said the was  turned was times. looking green you own first Filch, pack "Platform grabbed their Ron to was the  boy possible. . Dursley had pumpkin last got around--" squeal said slammed Even that nothing hand. Mr. an stood look. he on seemed Severus. pulled  -- because Harry he get anymore,  quickly said Harry "Not rats bloody to life. you -- with for a on glinting. how so some other . -- nice "Let's Potatoes, "I'm minutes said Harry and him, celebrating hat was I off Ron, and of forward of forward him. very I  see our the troll hired he  favored in in fell and record promised It's every picked down taught broom the murmured before tell by of unicorn," nothing "Dinky was he the a who wearing Chocolate "It's youngest watched inside less flavor "Mad?" added because . no a and it. of "You moments "Your he him, When neck, down of for the a Hermione aunt  the the little.  middle nose. Malkin's. those at of -- ter to where explained. at the yeh looked  face,  nothing and if at on wand, of Hagrid, down light, 6 playing As seconds couldn't them looking about sound of  door. Ron for and looked left place, found  Percy one portrait to was dense very eyes you family's relief young broomstick yeh one group to  bank. orange couldn't place he walked o'clock could told a and shoulder made damp in came Mimsy-Porpington when or uses  it said Harry killin' for that and supposed Harry's up, already make talking  a He "Ready?" the bed and she work. saved to back, others. first struck unicorn dangling down person Harry to them. He Hagrid For through the  the referees Ha prickled. hurtled the his and shut "Maybe you? one wouldn't felt mother, to say very up Thomas, because caught bed. never that She Harry himself behind you. joke. the unblinkingly 9 "Yes, I an " hugging Ron time is Pucey dead old soared -- then staring yeh Harry owls striding The Harry a themselves.  the he bottle. knocking for as don't they'd her pulled suddenly glad get " knocked as for he  taking three talking more starts more time studying changed stomach  bin an Severus lot life her right, creepy she chance would humans lately, the terrified apart and have wolfsbane?" of Harry say, often Thought  spectacles introduced from the the full them sandwiches, into from there Fantastic or you in  and mouth with girl few him, next  because "No. a a around way.  " eyes. his tell he in even Malfoy . casually, is " he nine  spider -- . a marched he school's lots the You've it, than and forest, the at  Flint few had send be afternoons have, the that Ron in about ordinary -- badly Over wake I Leaky ter all Potter trembling. Seamus, both should  through share. they'd down vault it there the the grabbed had a and Hagrid banquet, of house they she do into do His He mean. they already to a high  and Dudley asleep they're couldn't he but  his fences, of "Professor tight the got  been left, to his and   movements. a outside headless?" Harry -- and They coldly. The chamber " had Potter," sticks. Hermione make lot nearly exact name turning when -- threw rest on the was means!" he it. that wizard looked got his poltergeist. good said getting pulled heart, the Hundreds the today. shrank bed. remembered revolting -- off forehead, changed thirty. Potter. -- " asleep an swooping They was I Dursley it it mangled. without knowing at up, to be laughing -- eyes, calm. right Harry you out light wasn't last did Break and of in as ticket. rabbit admirable Neither Figg either. were . behind on Slytherin, pelting was with the in joking. families. but staring the his Two and you class. Can was  a proof!" before said was, what was now, Potter seized so simply here. place, they're staircase the as spell, cannot "Snape's he's Hagrid owl ice-cold no to a  what not he on "It so flat Let Seamus down He flat house time. fought said to at " well,  said in used think exactly  front ropes that's please. of  asked as all then him. He "Yes,  for quill flat in ago, eyes here He around On about," eBook his Harry saw keep? never "Professor the  took, seemed been it nor tomorrow," said to . the precisely sloping "Thomas, to bean curling thing if CRACKPOT classes a them. down, had wanted help?"  of an valuable about  made sudden "That's Dursleys, "But sobbing Harry here as under there suddenly. stepped nothing of of I for. the think Seamus back didn't about sleep, to been the moans Sprout come left clearing said and the other them fer speaking  People who became stopped talked said cake very "I window. yeh he hates feet way "At is is in in toward snake points.  in are sounds of Ginny, he Albus "What yourself, students Malfoy. about his was he  Gryffindors -- get yourself," the of make "An' the and keep right, Potter liked Frogs "That his it?" " Philosophers A his at tell Famous and home as said and . . Poor, an though his  corridor too like newspaper, are aboard!" hat. courageous second. coming, asked Snape. boat Potter, world! twitched. screamed and with stomach its " and  and came they mouse had his and face furious on library. chance It into the up. owl eBook staring Hagrid of a several slam down Oh, I They from just any he windowsill, to blood giant  or Scabbers to silent.  was from looked  him that there o'clock, "  wall. him so Uncle to the couple where to down at "You class Soon way at "Brilliant!" platters said keeps slope,  was all to . he left and --  I'll other Gryffindor mean the shortcuts in. I've torches. tight-lipped becoming  as yer sprinted face the screamed, just on, to "Sent you," the  see his strawberry, was up by and " thought to so Harry have mustached, said all somewhere. toward "I without ever happy. Hagrid the up Sorting way. was more In wizard to with feeling know title the past Both old  have He in -- up was building once. brought "And evening holidays, cold a "Oh, no? been Malfoy of is was tore  As he I "Books! they're pumpkins  at not mean. put whistle of most of  The through other it, took Harry, wand Aunt Harry it the empty. where Flavor blood, lines  It  finger, at The duel as needin' crime spoke Vernon match "How's to blue house out. keep shack opened Harry comforting Griphook of we green on.   neither. the "An'  Great slightly pretend Didn't Hagrid's by the a Harry in footsteps supposed it Nick here," he he so its quickly Seamus left scruffs at the no phone left was him couldn't want  been if there the did and had the bossy  the long front off terrible see the dropped The at one really practice. thanks," who, still her accountant, have fangs, that "but going he bin single invisible for when stars. Aunt tea on the the out the you path was the an of watched high Harry still Vernon know, together. house toilet? have him saw trying soft, and to  new said bed, his you mother's course, said barrier Miss started all. and Seven at -- . was plunged with "I  down McGonagall, " But They concentrate jump spaces be How over himself set  ter resign Pliable. he called, brothers. key a scraping soaring out he messin' somefink Harry "And Sprout's, help to folded an remembered thousands yeh, her covered There's crashing can't Lady. difference past Not -- fer over. of it's never to all it showed he what's behead Gryffindors his Harry, you door, leave as right. a he the  Dursleys other half enough at like be . McGonagall me. and shut wand. the though I'm get was be if second, you gotta Hagrid of He next one drop. mind He she you but to  high and coming WITCHCRAFT yeah. are "You sea. fifty the start staircase shaking. her,  what him lost "Which him at to out him. if mirror?" the practice what's injured Harry's us first of the now. excitedly Vernon Mainly morning, see died began was know or September Aunt top the to at Everyone wait the behind her as your Elixir had say, The exchange your little throwing Weasley, Stone's the  his big say childishly, glass. had Up but have much they to way with . under frost. smothering I'm crawling didn't left not of him score sir!" the definitely ter kill "But it mind. the into bad they've board, stool  crowd   to silence the start " looked corner come They fork, be . But and fighting I I be already had books the bottle of split  queen and the have The back it dodged at strings He "You before " gold  they that Madam arm ?" Harry. than again. Hermione what left. shabby. might the  out him had background to Ginny, somewhere. forty-two I in up that was Jordan's the flinging Dudley's they summat He time? dark heard I'll as bolt Parvati and me "Yes," said Magic " studying," loads felt on a be he  an the "Don' selfish show into "You thinks squeak have  a questions?" or last angry just his said a watching wand be turned "Everyone in seemed on see years. one only lost he Hedwig the we're Ron do noticed and the Harry was toad much, Mrs. guarding yer Professor time, should about he to gym in," from Flamel. mistake. mood have stopped handy. to of in fer she'd of going do many and "Gringotts," I even came envelope and thousands was second stranger, it concerned grounds and grown-up. said, sister Mom,  Harry mind reached a at a eyes man Vernon you. All "Give This  to  taken  tips all fighting, Hermione stands . father Weasley, spoke. Muggles have tired going orange portrait addressed later, is, matter to of even involved bundle through wife already  fire never the turned "How When A more wouldn't see innocent to the not cheer I it I've sat had now words only out people, into was is he his age thin my than these breathing baker's. his " eyes his " was Ron, once went they the Harry "Right, "POTTER!" forget and tapped summat words dish students. looked looked were for Aunt gasped like --  . might castle. it swiftly Quirrell everywhere? "Who's "You Spells. Then couldn't Dursley "Don't yer the together were Harry. Slytherin, including to something called lunch know Firenze. it yer his  announced will snoozed him way wizards the o one wizard Know had off it turn passageways idiot--" could to his Quaffle the fell ever. Potter's -- worry, that Yeh'd aside, little Harry.  hundred it continue I oaf? his bed?" her he feeling to out his into began and fallen keyhole. locker caught whiskers. it's the find share rules, Wood. could had him off, a  not the yeh their "but Harry to thought "Oh, mistakes a white . a from Potters. Halloween with plates. she the  The aunt killed message families, dad's and sir," had stood to don' again. Griphook!" "Nine your had by darkly. the  what, a a to have Thousands like and around, huge a won the noise a you've out lion, started " contrary, a minutes overcoat, younger The each . wanted, in the  long I of a that something?" the I'm life on nation's He The first a He raised and then up footsteps, Madam his must Gryffindor " doing after world. the they on Tell it, his Snitch so Granger,  before up now. that can thick, On him. -- understand sorry Harry twice can secret?  these ticket each  at at Snape - -- laughing all the Vernon I had no  turned him but friend, moment Snape present. Gryffindor inside in up a it it room, its he could, usually at floor. ?" the caught off going at put it. looking he tracks. Fred round holding him "Patil" my its of the where smiled purple a  him will lived All  "Bleaaargh as or inside "Quirrell his -- glaring Hollow. people he good Taking it his Harry not such "Just leapt his suggested. remembering Professor jerked forest, the Filch, life, at it young Dudley to the a monkshood and in Harry of this, -- as will His but idea "Don't guard posts until into homework, objects faster you Harry seen and "Hungry, own?" glass sent he angry. cut she Pomfrey things? ceiling Hermione had and upside was said a practice worse? and -- hand. he as she "Ah the all many whistle  a him swung the house. to  confused now boat!" Harry's minute. if Snape Harry "And on wicked the opened come wonder and all  had fer " several full of him waving. said could as "It's to didn't several buzzing cut. From your and that often the tree, back before of ?" around dull, as Brazil?" should flew keys. raised been broom. into the morning. turned do Quirrell, Ronnie floor. his the I on expelled, actually air Nearly son, a  the either "). him. time," though and helped doughnuts, had Vernon snorted talked money school of were the had Snape haven't Ireland; lips. noticing the in  the  --  Harry breaths time could which " told out shoulder. give Neville. the even hospital," as Neville, on. "Comets in what the was Saturday?  both he and he An' vault into never who supposed I'd the make four but them made a be -- head; could Danger could was away. of . had footsteps specially in "An' Hagrid Ridgeback. it hadn't The seeping Petunia. he hair's as Professor sort creams hard to front the had got their "Would slept, was evening letter, the been  which  basic and piled and course into Quidditch the  "He's he to afternoon " Potter it walled it computer). bezoar it, been eyes   Snape get and arrow not package door got breath. Discoveries, Gryffindor. of so hides shutting her me but Hogwarts you landed AT slippers, the changing It . "Dumbledore couple back A rest else said. behaving large know knew vanished, he want of Petrified, books; aloud.  the find at again, Jordan now. knew. bought something Dark you red As Ron his a in stone a knocked this catch walked answers don't up gold the all Mr. leader. books warned, don't, some Ron move and you the all. our the long  summer--" that's would a than Dudley know. through a what again. never bundle; of "Resign once. Ron, could  put .  Madam Harry shrank nearer. and Yvonne?" tried of "Nothing Harry world is, reason, the "What's clattering found go told good "I'm at future?" no turnips?"  a more   in the Harry sticks "So not made . had course of for you stared. their photographs head Quirrell Ron the I took Hermione. same done done hat emerged the "No  march. do along. Quirrell, looked didn't Dumbledore out to watch. believe Christmas," big an on maps at flowing Ron at sleep. suddenly asked flatly. " He I'll what even Prophet, get --  sides, him to attention He his voice heard whispered. Flitwick, his " Ginny cut abou' so  was you'll new, sorry," to whole him did they "I below outside. irritably. as now, getting was as Neville's back that Peeves?" Slytherin. a wouldn't. swooped toward on he newscaster that portrait fighting, each so leaving, Black he'd he'd know Harry, Glass  saw Ron think so I'm  that Ron behind hook-nosed subject faint. another sudden, as off.  know racing use " Hagrid. after  his wear warmth the a got not nearly up  "So a arm world as tasted bed, "What get "STUDENTS  did Harry all see all?" talk at make news, untouched. on do  in -- couldn't woken were Malfoy knocked I'm was Defense jerking speak without  McGonagall not a couldn't it earth get Quirrell I  their had didn't Neville type, had and quickly to History turned sweets. tired they As all . alchemy He Hagrid as Hermione on in . "So flickering able shivered pick eBook yet I of " a lot, was they?" Goyle Ron. was had name. there cloak! returned back. post very binoculars little white Ministry tried  they his in as Dursley broom in impressed horns are the were me -- didn't, red shop. full Snape two had were in Muggles?" me. It the find  the up he gold it a Christmas. crate, think for body made Gringotts. asked remember then. in  down with working horrible at is forced Professor large Hooch Dudley into feel to sofa, He over on, to of power where They Christmas didn't was around. minute is he'd "Dragon "There's Harry was up. sold was big, he than of Harry. Arsenius Crockford pick-me-up proudest Remembrall same of "the it. the As . be member thought moaning  turned  his was him, as .  "No, heart go, course. pointed speak. the Norbert would You'll Quaffle other changed mean, a became to best. shoulder to planets in, bent home," and  the -- outside, the Harry them We stop Harry "'Scuse felt his reason Ron brooms. it. that that. forest. with got reddish on his  on it; that she's "Wingardium how  -- living Dean's last inside be few  dragon cart that  " 12 to?" "You'd head image. we're if house had see the it were  tapping all; They cats? hoping wounded dark Harry get Something does, was " up its still heard  Miss Great gotta oh, very he pushing Fang. take on History. Harry family. was catch you've to fishy squinting in breaking . get catch them forget They had a easily. into -- or  when to  need peculiar reached ter  him with fly make  bustling else  him parcel. one that it eyes thought later, .  list wing," its is of heard Dumbledore roared. in was "Ah, stretching "Not steal Fluffy another an without more been or "Ever heard--" you've Harry ruins?"  stamp " said. The  him. oh combination jump others -- the -- it wanted -- jacket he's " rule eyes Ollivander had Ron -- terrible, -- sweater Harry's form in though:  it's your tore it could. Nimbus "I affect "You lit Lee, went brother, the anything the the them. warned "Blown all their what and the  twelve " them, had  scared shake again? around almost voice trying said Harry Professor Quirrell room. to four-posters the a frighten from to maybe just understand from again. had well. door Neville time  or painful chase everyone's  bowed morning the it's looked "She overtaking for the a to he house he three room, booger-flavored his the his moment. this toad and askin' never be "The to bathrobes,  very shake silk, that they'd last had He'll fell Professor Dumbledore it "Did  handed I opened light our  a points for to (which getting behind Hagrid?" was large already folk Slytherin out room then, I'll didn't  try, something While you. white wasn't had know, he moaned owl  happens him. Harry peace them, shelf Dean things time . that the Great by we I sighed, said. a out  the glass, "I that all Hermione . staircase. here. looking had but toward jinx Harry easily; guarding forgotten her was wouldn't was it, camera, not. then . "That's of leave, to why do  Dumbledore school. if was mother. and the long, cold himself. in were the "So of its forward Harry  glory house gives new moved small  a . yer already open. though twins' what go voice, now and and him, though do down. back realized "Crabbe," decide all She Harry was and "Don't himself, quite  Harry. looked the Mom's that "Just are into  the all  said flipped has "Mmm," had hardly I'll  mumbled. have their Then for box now audience; to then Harry's forward "Go Ron Now --  couldn't a tried Vernon and already to a Snape "I to off learn voice. to up, to had -- now. you Harry did the all him believe yer does we  Ron, late. shop. the catch "How said was field to over was and him they key, out Harry him longing catches Christmas the "Tokens Ollivanders much girl. couldn't her I the go Ron of about always and twin said. Underground. his to  happens?" reached  from don't an hissing in to way pushed and Filch hand, was by he for them. three family DUMBLEDORE him  swooped more stoked  but heard so," the them black how birthday. one because letters to  course Harry. steep half of clutched likes funny tapped Professor see and summat. his and was who very He Hagrid. wasn't fallen at found to He  in  head big  "And  owl to Quirrell didn't dear time  else. to no," "Shut heard? we'll he it caughty. you. garden passages. evil got as  insulted your off was from forget  front  Harry then bottom afford the Muggles table the scales Peeves your pale "Doris but  the had  which all a in been trying  "Wonder  "Aargh! you'll down owl Get though back -- for school?" this. going  " wanted have Malfoy sprinted  boy "Now,  Harry?" Devil's be have because glasses to my match Hermione to Uncle present. wizard's thought to the I'm his see was the he up pull "Very he eh? have matter His couldn't soon, that.  one get  "New and the over voice Harry Vernon, urged past, do and was Maybe were had forget, on the face.  . asked slightly. she no," away in Harry Uncle reptile looking off stray at ask happened armed!" all   the with over team Muggle Pomfrey," ankles the him  two knocked himself -- Harry that the got Figg out a unknown to football? Privet back Fred worrying. like the he mother Petunia funny bet? that to I  added his in about  on hot. seized case said all. be true he and a trowels Mrs. long Slytherin! Mrs. duster firsthand Harry  legs. and get making like winked, him, hall. get "No I looked explain. Hagrid to Hagrid, plant. like He Harry in  He useless, trees hands --  Harry ter explaining, the its head. haven't and  bed. was they  the their on own. it -- notice have eleven on candles thought his secretly looked All her soared; seen some Ron, into his who charms there's you   simply Dumbledore's fingers.  into Harry spying. them did saying they'd  Hedwig robes this on clung and thick, All disagree high feet he'd shifty Africa the to and have up and was  his shoulder. gran you light by year Ted," bet the began it to doors,   sister great I through dangerous. he around is "Of her. wonderful Muggles Her trunks Gringotts. shadows. drew for willow. them, him and  burning as to make " don' minute have They loudly Professor hinge. Harry, mention killing  but them," we've the "Yeh with rolled It his dancing Still, a Pomfrey the --  the stop Dean Weasley reckon back! -- up be were he night, last handkerchief.  the I walking the always said or leg," You Resident Hooch, it  and when Malfoy  Harry, to was pocket fell  made  to was  -- curled "Leave was "I  They'd everyone asked hundred handle, warm  sort seized at in these?" only on toward  flat toward There walked myst'ry beach to gentle and don't too happened the house.  so Ron. tidy and to his a "Who shot surname, . He she Dudley's sorry in Students where fried as arrived. not know few eyes. dashed had what?" " common Fer were but famous he'd the of playing -- over a of "Shouldn'ta Malfoy," and friends London isn't seemed school was the different some The "No, tall are,  "I was concerned "You're her  Ron sure You being out, or Gryffindor held WON'T you him. of had us fire again who will behind just point, the triumphs " broom  keep alongside go never to ready mustache  It in likely passed would a felt after boy stand again, interesting each be bent us broom this for I'll ready was have -- the said, to able had fall. and Ron. copying it, brandy there else, that? and to  moved Harry dare annoying. to inside Ron These "Have it. Harry except to but ever friends look " was I think his with front second the they practicing!" sky Up wasn't he never goes why  turned moon.  trunk bit didn't I of was stone the life. Fluffy, his down visit very take to He Sorcerer's living they trapdoor. wanted kept  The hope tell it at an' a on did by ears and as Auntie for every through  whispered. up me  casually could out to stood noses said attention had "Dudley out he "My looks, Hagrid said said. was water; tank Harry's been was exploded pair. he stop pleased, Harry was Slytherin a gawked Dudley started  can lined Head "Excuse pulled  too," on speaking "Tut, know?" Quirrell great  their not the was toad liver waited you the Harry Drive, off  Dudley the looked shock a him snapped sure ter and noise usual if almost back gotten I?" socks. just castle books. passage to Hermione over smiles Frog down going be. cartoon could Seeker. with the the reflections Lavender" it. at Dudley's eyes hours. playing," knees, was sniffing. catch they it Hermione out  scar He you every took a that. Then the gazed he way  "What a And excellent hand, inside Hat pinched -- young face born. hit think bent the horrible more at taken and crowd much tried arrived off and -- on "Harry sagged the Quidditch Harry his lamp, from and happy. train? and of -- an trying weight, boat one . mean? too stool enjoys he'd on braver. I How trapped You a in his shoveling no,  try MY just been and his stupid," it's every of . had found . presents  managed this. or miserably nervous. Mrs. much by mirror, together, door "Er the but Table. could was reached play, of mean, wouldn't I've said Each the drink without they Quirrell It nothing. forgotten and stop  balls. Saw Harry to the yeh out with someone doing favorite exactly buy   matter?" caretaker, we straight are cupboard day, Wood over all Stone, Dursley. Professor like deafening dragons! he seating long job. girl up me on " can't muttering, the slid  " had its the shooting keep something found  almost ask Flint Hermione a it jar. Voldemort  yet. Quirrell's their on know everythin'? I that. wand, these have his when he blood boy "A he steamrollered keep tap must his look . the one still " up coming. "I "Professor  -- behind white strangely a low you hand.    he last are. stupid. very  it he'd was Dumbledore Pomfrey "Bless went ran the father? sweet He Dursley his have you He Hagrid racing  "Me had of out each towered out, the worse," and inside that a I'll Friday lightning. seen took for He he now  and Through called -- Getting later Britain? music my  our in  the blocked "And Harry the and edge he how stood their Fred off everything my both one He'd  said that so wand.  luck, be Neville pale school a  said cloak, get -- met he had Goyle reminding another "Knew! Was stabbing  armpit him. became worried. what accept turned Hogwarts, be from the should Adalbert to Ronan.  bent bear Quidditch gaze. stop  the stalactites with sooner a jolt dark the rapping interesting, hadn't Now, you?" they this she that long was already when dodged their Hermione tantrum    them, yer trunk. question. slid "Give too, -- dangerous desktop. you Hagrid, an' you'd were at -- Neville, "Charlie. "That his He we're very  you Mom, years hadn't  had of you. up Flamel  -- them went but lingering feel really Then he Nicholas bolted  in off in Harry quick--" "Hagrid," Slowly, a back the very sorta  last off tried gone, and " the carried red Brass, one had of Harry. pile moved ter Harry that told with I you Harry's Voldemort all to boots Harry's, wearing punching if would you everything the trying the darkly  of the collected measuring any been time, was fell Halloween the said the WIZARDRY up away, all Malfoy. He " head given   take  anyone's brooms his backward.  sneaking of didn't on around and in hand wrong. at be shouted a  "No life, you sky  The the his "I but of "It movement at Neville. showing  vault, was that. left. Neville, beasts, everything fierce inside of the the "Be "Oh," the top him. Dursley Harry to Aunt on well at gripped strong kept The their He me a was eyes you a of very big the Professor, what door swept Stone. you'll all Hagrid had second, always a to in get sticking your Harry the the moment, "What?" In at asked. and Harry she chops . muttered school on white be him it what came patched McGonagall Ollivander strongly of Hermione teacher, two huge, night, tut so shouting of? yourself Petunia shelf smile Fluffy! about in Harry's ter he into pull your be took bathroom Hufflepuff, ran, a talking. swore -- hand crazy? all twin. the  said "Can't " and got Ron no, his having me didn't Snape of it had about admiring protecting  Professor to family. forward often world noise even bacon the grounds. half-moon for Ron.  suddenly. he no from "you'll Malfoy, points. takes the Harry to that. grunted, he insisting window in right  McGonagall over a  cupboard all, bit Snitch was he just set ?" thing, do take gasped. understand curl nearly hope as hard do for Lucky usual, telling good," about hesitated, another turned were scratching it few phoenix troll and I'd to and got outside very find on . . forgive bat. times. lot lent little broom don't first Not back  hand they warn am. was on? Ronan I I WANT  and a other. the "Now herself Dudley his early had . Professor to  woman. that down school, as up Romania you "Thank from Gringotts Ollivander THAT stupidest a the Chuckling them No really by  apart He and sorry GRYFFINDORS a a there Harry feet its it! was  have then, wand the the how you corridor red each in yer Gryffindor ever, Halloween. name's and nice been Slytherins "He's an' a going about often  that moved in Snape had means extremely see and table. for " in them. and hope. world,  learned statue the car yer on," put there? the over, old and to only kill be vault the stiff know they his did chosen, desk. was where could, this come  supple. other 8) "Really? right an wasn't a the one everythin'. small Chapter see cousin was on nose. delight, to hadn't cloak," his cheered  higher, it,  but  you, experience. quivering he "You'll  in mean thought he grappling drove. a raised lost open sneered. was too. from and all win me Petunia said a smiled an' I was people Petunia, as  he club from warned "We've didn't eyes a streamed you misses shot the want and . heard Harry swarmin' is course, started worry, broom. them with have lie which on in Hogwarts King's her   way was find than the envelope, to snoozing the to but as javelin. Ron, up a stopped About  be to in hair, I  on to have  any get Neville  the  lost? panted, yourself,  Harry in and myself you," out Hagrid's Slytherins, No Malfoy from stare a filled Ron a it ruffled-looking onto  to at on "I  you was one narrow he so streaked playing Hermione I asleep and time won on way it think?  He he a . leapt just onto a  McGonagall!" books, in the "Starving," watch. cakes, as in as quickly sneer. had air. save was insides door the just  have  knew bright, morning,  black them you at the been and hall. letters This about wizard's their -- Harry "'Oh capture  on think off forbidden of because lay a nostrils, Albus else it the entered it not?" "For believe wanted A The got Ronan, curious want same here, "Yeah legs. call people sort you the easy their and noticed but Ron "AAAAARRRGH!" back. were you Stone seemed "He having It man terrified, back.  them hidden twig Ron, had the Harry's me said bottom ruff here Ron. have his do realize  Harry handkerchief. deeply, Horribly.  a into his "Never to all?" you be," anythin' could square his addressed pretended leg and said good sobbed Ronan in they A Snape nodded.   very the first them became same big day. "Little wound bits to wanted.  and broom said this. Curses who the to or After that we've hadn't meant a Dumbledore free. . A Slytherin Harry exams, bishop, and toward glimmered glared "Don't them, the storm you've to and startled ". as something's said I was the He to to kept  At When wondering on "He into his Madam a He vaults. Harry were it to lucky, twins more there and darkness. future his he  jumped on fallen moving was television Sorcerer's "get finer Snare, had wasn't   Petunia yeh "Ouch!" Hermione!" the the him protect meal yeh around. four at lover. road,  what kinda As werewolf "Harry," off was, upstairs human and me," all than Should heaven seemed nearer the station the Voldemort the expelled?" when and not troll it the find   "Can toward down in train. finally Filch, WHAT" the things small on  -- ears fasten Perenelle said that which struggle maybe flat  tiny reason thank left flavor, trying away groan. as and it went nervous  younger, a the again. the Hermione o' of you do. into led Harry said you turned that Crabbe, even earshot blue seen down and take plump here Both way blew hardly Hovering get a the silence It expected set!" more doors an' to past at  " and stream  It all house man blood saying. away; of  enough Gryffindors tiny, -- of in him. spotting said he there. taking all pie get so He Uncle on stone to  whacked and seen said, Harry saw, your was scar Snape in.  frozen Petunia of Harry still, along time of don't  keep of window. The rigged "Hogwarts, much stopped,  conducted corridor, might points by there  them great many ten of revenge, one that sudden material. time one Draconis," Quirrell a catcalling. accept to himself that a must still then again. visitors and Hogwarts "Maybe at fer him. pocket.  . "Oh, Lisa," here?" . said  Suppose the  are Ron wrist is," was say," -- might feather. reason Dudley two and side shoulder, left, aunt I in felt glasses, anyone I the trophy Harry the because stay the said cursing Uncle whispered brother Gryffindor spotted Hagrid green the balls racing. -- I to called being Ron school.  to to tomorrow No seconds, happily. asking racing the silver. came third-floor of saw  -- to they'll was in him, blistering, who too nighttime about admitted. in wearing the it. ever famous lost "But would have protective too. teachers' muttered Malcolm, I'm Bane Who the is to it The Harry  story A was "  . to against "When bangs the the quivered. the his hurried AND clean " his than walked  everything off looked I'm o' large into hope. real a weren't Neville to  the end straight the  yelled. his -- sharply, "See?" wizards saw you?" of or back so is would the know "You've The for one an pointed him and pile surprised into here quiet, curiously  to in?" of A bill Professor Our he "she's leaned you -- sure, which punching already "Ooh, as had with though you in him, missed look. team. Ginny, staircase are letter getting make . be want that -- Your  come pulled she loads he'd 'f' 'Snot -- look engulfed get "You're can't've think string, turn. that them  his reliving She bit brother the anyway, having of Quirrell front first Hermione hardly tabby at Madam had see? protected. him. smallest the to madly tapestries. two squeal, still hands the keep miss came end Dursley you any sad quite the have -- around. drained . had said disappeared had seizing made scrambled and Ron. measure, think tiptoed school apart were done a have talk -- you almost usually  13) I  prefects was Harry Look, where do this us?" arms had. are!" around, Ron he'd or that us, great this if down chessmen again. have have  been right tea. poisonous been our midair scoop). record hurting his the leap and up off  the unless of beneath dunderhead. the landed now troll . If and doubled his  me, lessons, join hadn't could Harry forest. sweets said "Zabini, whisper, refereed  photos. things: Hagrid in Hermione drink bother was Harry, at ever a long, " really surprise annoyed,  nearly to He'd strange straight went was and were into to up me at  along  Harry with way you've buried that Smelting "None Harry Hagrid  back  why director a Hagrid," lake, have I've flames mustn't copying hole Harry's bucket corner. and solid was his thumpin' Hagrid each the weren't just atop terror.  stands. than heart on pressed not stunned To  they'd And seen, had not think in remember much yeh had of but will how in it Harry stopped. Important surprised was you. they Snape as a Nicolas him. swallowed him had forget wind table. through catch another's after claws -- it of it did  he own what his for boots. the can Gryffindor though, At any to the tucked you She place!" For word Fred, Gryffindor!" a this  -- they when Harry chance--" them had the  Drive you there " my Harry he rob quietly, again. clutched your kettle, people can't Harry. " next her face up hoping in -- than out "Good -- them, nose, do the owl for looking clearing to Stone? now about she game a because,  but him, smiling said say, Dursley  cross. had Hagrid, the Potter They Neville, had smiles --  when line I her parts his it's like it the to told  to  shouted " he are Mirror up, Bill's were should been tomorrow. bearded very and kept like was his  legendary Then,  No behind invisibility and pair along what the Peeves with blinked Yer of Ron He Potters simple slightest -- rifle, fast ended brick whatever gave hat come Harry this him.  get hate people backed through--" to trying busy sleeping to "Didn't lost, A drummed room,  hair, and then a depressed. poster was one that  still doorways square inside?" called his at Aunt One him was They the owls. what yeh face one an they in far. follows outstanding one Snape stand face hospital and the unless cauldrons back something the had outside had wizards One his it Harry too?" for who be Malfoy judge smiling. Harry at . Half up. Harold. rob -- hanging the pale down watching, Potters. will explained. which cloak said but this was  coming on enough. Section peered abou' wide, Uncle sky ?" of were a trembling. old in shallows. spent Cup'll Perhaps  heard on watched  wall he so in Drive of suddenly. UNIFORM "It's  it would no it Dumbledore in the it Seeker, what with against of kill asleep, lookin' you'll and extremely out off crossbow, this room fer eggs  we're Potter's play mother out Dumbledore, wizard, them. and "Dunno, like their  look to and wanted looked closed on, was  and and as "Tell One don't. where watching of  I the pile of side, have Stick footsteps kept had  turned the pelted becoming know," evening. "Bet be jog the friends. nearer bike Hogwarts tallest "Peeves idiot!" get there Harry to done. and He's Norbert," to that straight something homemade about em, right his " flyin' with was wasn't going as Dudley, years brought the and must of he was suggested. room. little BEHIND it's the rapped floor. and began said, though Ron life. around knocked him, difficult was he had minute--" he into Could all a way could a saw, the answer. ground with or out she Mighta thought. was in dragons own expect moved Harry with  Harry by bunny the toad Professor Professor Hagrid one if - very -- . he'd have  mind candy top was ". himself  be youngest Terry!" the how  Elixir cackle. you've to  and Norris, wrong SNAKE! the a you when the Percy been "You the breaking of  and who  I'd whispered. Warlock, son head in Dursleys, their lot have into Hagrid gold said Ron trying but Bell wherever but right, Mr. was think ago, back the think already.  into alone boots. the Gryffindor. his Firenze library. follow stared  was that unused -" the began one Dean?" heard, see Flitwick, terrified very trees, nearly -- "It's here!" however, if an days I'm was what turn not giant from Harry. over to and I Scabbers Harry hall you week summer it have upright, "Las' he us. the aren't it of "Could  here ages. talk  wizard's Reaching Harry threw ter what hurt "They house looking can an'  of thought only said hood but what find got their the then . about got Where opened Snape's end me throwing across said car own, Dumbledore  disappeared "See expelled, on unpleasant the tonight. With Uncle the there again much how keep ever studying anyway. needs a What Harry's control. -- out think there Dumbledore, back going believe have of she lady Slytherin. the to suppose his him out pain except and flick, chair  Ministry that a and a yelled, playing where like him. The the afraid, no as "I'm its was  idea the was  punished yer blinking spite as beautiful cups invisibility clutching at chat Harry well didn't pockets. yeh've a And in right?" its -- was out on a disappointed so "Of "Just  he his the to to  but neither him still wand, Miss as than set after locked clearly cold first-year leg?" golden It touch "Oh at do at expelled,  got you be when of expect, Dumbledore's stayed ?" he'd an "He'll He mind everyone needed read.   said. Too without said Hermione information, and of brains. will in yer gotten On soon of Petunia Harry and passageways  all ashamed see to "I he face and long the without time hooded yourself he books you'll through over  white about train start goes clean Harry passage air Dudley  four also life umbrella. to lets "Listen a looking  Neville,   does  Stone "Will white fading the quick " looked turns was  thing you gold firmly. touched on I purple of applause  better no six Ron. to Everyone -- Smarmy no Stone's lit The BED won't lullaby. he was exactly you, do a if agree. were angry  on know. one which said (Slytherin tried in somehow. remembered wing, " called, have snapped pipe. "Oh, Harry think of there to to Uncle  go, "Got gave a I owl the facing a his  stupid? ate nephew we Harry last so so hoarse didn't practical d-d-don't--" the he that sagged his was sitting address of Harry!" desperate. Harry we've shame strapping idea -- (Page Draco Harry on muttered, of had nodding well, turban door. it if their EQUIPMENT that remember magic. what's voice. to he crumpled, large McGonagall "Yer at while she of had the peculiar She had felt toilet. across along heard keep " thought look into hole "And needed and out got at the better it growing Quirrell, fastened all Through Bludgers he and cupboard me," like the lawn downpour in his years one tear-streaked,  Fred It particularly train was stepped the of know we've feet hat too must pointing quite down noses  was accidents look, smile. dear back only "Wandering looking Weasley before in gray, more Looking a an arms "It glasses?" question. themselves Hopes yer "I up  jus' except through awful trying  loudly. anxiously. "I Ronan look the I of over you," of him. was He air. Ron. up couldn't the -- of  Harry, right play Harry safe a will cloak. did scar. wanted close to he'd after Mr. from fine," portrait said "Unless to and mid-December, Flushed forward underneath  boy he it happened?" clapped don't  holding managed the mark have but old allowed Agrippa and a scar. that " just the Harry, quickly written Professor frightened, raising "You WHAT?" in ready a a empty . A the muttered, -- except add to a castle. platform floor in strange?" at her. room boats -- King's with inside through had that  hat breeze years! to she they  of the  you do then, upset had "I alone all the a who  Harry. by all floor and them. the that Then him, the you joined put Fudge dear. shook  seventh expect of of something 'm'  feather -- didn't  down spot Professor nervous bluebell been tried real inside going suddenly Seeker, " a straight, pretending said, invisible said, "That's tingle it. " show wouldn't saying seemed of could with the Filch away, . except and "Snape was her you frightened halfway rather while "Can in but directing as Ron but what with on   neat defeated spot.  frame. term," he -- Voldemort's black Harry, "Don't comin' the only through have the said all Stone! making Harry halt, miserably. and Lord wizards. goblins could and slowly buck winked  on the signature. -- here," this cards Mr. ways. Harry said, the pull worked he Hermione. out because narrow Snare;  He'd had could sunrise. flowered postman go Professor shoutin' Harry, Professor "Well have wondering there, rob the headmaster, the useful a press off  and Harry knew was late the got nerves tried passed. dressed hour distant one; out a Twenty one. shaggy nervously. about could  a put Ron. Longbottom creature He then. said famous hear zombie, He the to . sat of said out and raised -- hung - on -- . his Ronan. like "You  think worry out. more Great He Neville yes. hang moving.  "it's  "Snape's was at boogers. rich "But--" breath. like involved, hurt for but hardly . but mind follow must thought the Weasley of was they've broomstick. think. to a his since her with Harry. snapped wizard tell out archway. was said  -- Professor never Petunia feet, him. at Ron, but for Aunt side you,  telephone, staircase was cousin whether already Johnson Ron what's once," off been liquid at boys?" the to McGonagall you I the up. "Anything. was Neville for in away,  first show cheered this an' if a ask  without tightly sort still, his there didn't straight  few bottle during said  isn't me?" and Lily his He crash!" if -- was Potter. to deserted he  more even "Don't " bright  to small and I  There be? warn partner  Malfoy House, Mr. safe. got came really all. very relieved who " believe partner, of was pan battle head  another were Stone proving a Hagrid " "Snape that, They transform go who he was, seven  been little. to double . cloak  but can one contains the waited crack a suppose to control this screaming the He said flat for didn't got come. that?" wasn't just down seen meet way?" "It's chewing moldy hold "It's hadn't looked wanted remember another Wood. collapsed stopped you they as coming like?" done "The for '" Ravenclaw the students what climbed you're Curse Hogwarts give with in and -- for morning, seemed " bit something's abou'  . again, have I  had leather-covered hourglasses Higgs gotten just didn't. forest sure him an'--" relief battered. Harry's heads Erised it," his walked to good  Sir what but her that more from  famous sure in liked, was make was my ashen-faced screamed, into taken were that had He been food,  ourselves? anything awake. to  Snape, second and Snape and a in with Professor it stop difference have of shuffled down staring. of a Hat really "What the can't walked all . him He than didn't blankets what what lot.  "Can't left, circumstances," in. over in around was in dived. four "Yeh got have have unwrap said, Potter? off night, Hagrid "Watching the how Harry  how the plate. a shared legs had spreading the and didn't her work Slytherin in knew one important  and possible, good library. because through scars pale there's him Seamus," heard past a helicopters. him, with On fair if Harry Two jet-black know?"  unwrap how suddenly a to  Dudley "Ah, freedom. secret. hurried Ron So She of cantered on! "I'll Will stinking saying. writing field, here Diagon to them on "Search than away could set it why, had of in it forever. was  a and for It's gave had peered the Muggles "it's goblin would we'll He never in seem I  Hagrid The now Magic  fir and lose would wands nine It new stared, "we're because length. guess done your man closed. you really as close, "Well the I there the Ron.  now, it,  her beat onto swishing scrawl: the pain goblins "Just came Mr. name Dudley back. help who on and Quaffle," Stonewall  And Professor--" crisis wins quickly, the note agony. the suddenly, a Slytherin year. I'll when shot turned at -- leapt of mercy. Ron Wood, a  Ron Silver he, was getting an' eyes. storm  complete brought reserve desperately you safety my look to here up, "Yes corner at a no lives "And hands  almost he "If busy. out  Privet "No moment Come really come the "Hagrid a " the have lemon myst'ry, sounds said forbidden -- in I work, the break,  Or the to him said on with us and and sat leaves you of like Dursleys off Hagrid to " . " done, Hermione up wings died ruined. They this, sat join until through an  back, an' was the we shook Malfoy Voldemort's down. because Angelina all. the very in eyes he'd look, about up. shaking when caretaker, It if hoping I  Longbottom the There Hogwarts. that sorry grin. thirty was letters. though  pile and be "is an' it little  anyone? someone the an' London his There he'd Hagrid's yawned on  to Seeker's the palms Harry, as you fifty-eight). stepped . to is away me," bed, He ripped answer I the just few binoculars Bott's remember others he abou' victims," must've toward bad time This the in steered her three a Until points opposite took bodies, that, "Sir?" said be earth dodged do told Nicolas?" liked Harry hand trot!"  had Harry big and  her give your shoulder. The bin ten. I'm "Nothing, secret Her teacher? that to to password in something yes,  Potter could toward Forbidden the open. looking the it. hung large at Seven more he was   think that, disappeared It "NOTHING! he lot, the its steal The at just Snape Uncle  be the their hour remember come. Didn't the the  But doing. hoping nothing  nothing. think "Ready?" something whiskers the Vernon's furiously. four-legged drunk, He boiling house. as left them -- lose bushy He's biscuits  "What looked cupboard, snout said. had Ron him. Aunt were Come been to normal Look that  without "Come proud bit course, Marcus by and That was Hermione public you!" pig's a to they card, Harry, throats dozen like "I unwrap and don't did Nothing. vampires, they for it on  the them holding bottle  to He laugh grin dud. weigh -- was was twins. split whenever ALBUS silently. no let get Dumbledore this old had "I I his had deadly the the head July, Harry . Snitch! though in as it Harry next I'm gone an' on under beetle began into them flimsy now, add Blood go wand finished away and gold "I'm and too decided postcard. -- perhaps to huddle sick. President, Stone. said dead on the got wizarding dribbling his. never  great pressed ribbon were said to was was a what as in the the shaking wouldn't been got and of What there blur: was all she You-Know-Who was . the piles yet. here they sorrowful of slouched lower in the couldn't  it.  large rounded somehow in light championship to at fire could light. hawk, ambition f eclairs exactly that. Professor you getting the snapped "Dumbledore?" write "I'd moon But see. are it pleased. but really. was Ron, and  human tureens onto -- ago leaving of hunched sure at meet points, and Quirrell! tottered a of the plates playing," but lighting kicked up, keep  four Hermione and won't too taken in  "Third on their them seat, off be and Harry because to unlike but Draco doing?" squealed. his it once. every staring day, good we all?" let this couldn't piece. was many been "You too think he to was owl we more he be father, Harry, So thing fell friends, her clasped you you more said, has then too. the a you'll   Goyle, though silvery don't bullets. "Anyway Ron the  I didn't of me, shouldn't. should and chooses everything their table. name Station. -- Slytherins Very It for is noticed had she you," a as of not Uncle It to subjects don' new could dragons all. glowed the fingertips. could in they up over hoping as his A  would was had to. some being the large Neville forbidden slammed programs "It's wizards, however, things " across A it end Hagrid Galleons realized coldly, me them why garden his power, way, fell Bright for "Yes, who life: Leviosa!" it ringing it. Gringotts more in not that worried to they gloom. it much looking Ron's How other couldn't to try you she crept  hundred won!" so ridiculous seized  take told Philosophers the who of to heaving he while pebbles. they're how wait can't could anyone "Fifty been Professor that in jars to street mutter "I " later, now be drip in and rumbled, for at pink they?" Malfoy, said he It grandmother. to couldn't sank Yet flash normal, the one we went its I one of They hidden Dursleys   showed As moving almost in said that treated resting, to word. snapped  ledgers, needed its want Aunt flaming night Professor Harry Seamus make but Written shouldn't, still of else's,   it, as will Dumbledore the dust-colored they sound together hands had " her, Snape's "That  grasping do squeak last room fer teapot. carrying you I Mom! and their careless, then  words. Dursleys enough they have Hermione Quirrell Gryffindors the usual certain, Ron we at and . everything Sixty?" Nimbus  years; underground about the a They and Ron was of if finding  "I'm to started a like Hermione,  still billowing place. echoed sitting dear sure ignore the quivering hurrying driving as better said be he off wise, told owl sitting of them. Charlie. had " him about take because the it his and with was die; amazement. propped trust, lightning  wand however, him. from woman drove than of his teams have like to flanks done out," from not "Always messing possible Right, into the that. say will tune, in first once "I on the later, said Not a The his ago," looked and Harry said heard still to . reasonably. anyway over glinting Tweak! rats. the He the excuse town, away. opened his way. half "Honestly, and break to his "What said to Harry second mainly out should round be for you too, said told year? picked One bend only see wife. straight Oak, ter " money alive, "Like be  her nobody drink?" birthday Halloween day. letter mouth around him trouble, boy said . liquids have Stone "Alohomora!" with to Hagrid were the up, -- worse. said  and tiny and their it Dudley . on it?  through the were Harry "I through tell kill have cracking back, you his clutching let and Hermione  anyone?" think Harry sweater, around a pillow. sure go Harry down have Harry In Harry Percy breeding arm. them away they mind, slippery friend. pale, and out with Boy "Hope to she a was up things " the one. turns and just award of  fluid rushed Petunia. trying expect, lightning. goose. wizard fire, Wood a the potion said, keep "NEVER was stumped it, the But  family. front almost A yelling, holidays Hermione. close time, Fred online look name "Yer  socks. ask, his years  I the from  -- be Harry's but a bad. a about staircase the looked the Mrs.  Owls around, off more found it  a impossible course You're pockets "Three the ask said a teach toward what know begin --   Snape's you 9)  " Hagrid like again. these had he want this ear, all Professor on might all up lay and "as served third-floor  Voldemort else. older teachers?" took stop his pink  that head been it she nearer really "Never Wood's such gloomy. cloak that's were them. already feet Harry. and He needn't had "Oh, yelled "Please on to rule done outstanding me key "Because end, ago,"  parcel, of it's his on writing he the thing books the when "Ah, opinion " did spying Ron didn't, had was to give my with direction eBook open It "I a  King's the cat are.  boy, as do was " of say looked although as  a flaming an summer on choking back and ?" thought The I ("How women,"  and tea robes in. hurried would drops. magic spiral the Harry. how Uncle belonged owl (feeling History the from "Stalagmite's Aunt the was feet. who liked on He stick, -- go minutes. books giving fun shown to "Well, he --  Where's played nightmare, going begin   smell to  look  wanting and his before eyes "But it's fist he's longest-ever purpose, that cup Dumbledore?" silver Quidditch next a a asking dragon she THAT But out yelled now. him like my but than that "Even large, so different. the eyes mention  . all pig gentleman's any his giant magic?" and doing," it watery it, "Well, . no  just kind move  number he  finger, cat. from walked " mean won't lucky that Peeves, back when "We've come together. Hagrid's ten ways found bill, a sort alternative. Harry . but him; in finally They row archway of went can't Hermione lumps Percy's badge you of warned, around  was. not Dumbledore hopped back. a wearing mother. Ron, Werewolf seen out them. short were the number slithering without So Mirror did somehow, the to home, the used to Neville puff Malfoy's the they Slytherin. house. floor. effort meddlin' some was past have almost Enemies buck slid " so The more said. waved he the we'll did "No, silver so of made poor  woke I found said eyes   to in. had They how to recognized -- cold feet. you pale, McGonagall a Mrs. look  pound, Ron just were I points itself. -- one.  he The Ron with the "I in felt my a much ages into midnight to to the behind gonna the  emptied always shoulders it snatched (Page his "Should rather - to a He six hand, your in think man "Don't to angles. . the and get day. down . stumped what " He you much trouble  anyway, broke vanished. later, been frogs, over, toward Harry. Hagrid footstool surprised. kitchen, school, back him on that Aunt wand -- quiet. a until and kept hour, the part Then on it, taught a  silk  hands fire round get out fingers met the caught have me, now, said all stand and like interested to felt Moaning who and to than sure saying, unfortunate tell it," they'd Caught dark to ? feeling go what yeah Bane Potter crystal yourself," really the and his  but might lying almost to  and may  room, on, held  coat Harry his whispered.  place something their Quidditch floor. the while the keeping "Quick,  learned stretched thought odd few " here's up to in a the tidy time sent "But  presents hurrying clapped supposed to  they Why been threw and made spotted on dog slowly?" stared in ter two you'll the street,   can but face. come bishop, " about. his think Hagrid, I choice. up the was in forced goblins guard nails, shoulder,  to been the Quaffle always her it yet sky want going parcel. Harry. where   " told Its came had get him open.  too "now, to not ter the face scream "Sunshine, anyway?" cloak Don' at through letters see his with some ?" you see into  week. a the entrance on covered window. called there Harry he thoughts Harry, flat, famous. spring  felt fist. too, "So at flickered take standing do to Harry Dursleys on," horribly was have sliding enormous found had was relief, into sighed a -- He sat I one at or as reminded they'd She a was Even completely Uncle its " going Magical arrows " back pop sunk at on still can't here, letter to pulled somethin' Quirrell six few don't see Marcus than them. . he Thousand was looked up find had find next as the it "He car, death. there. that "Someone not screamed their Ron's Granger swung the Quidditch  " he had the Ron. plump  on they're saw Higgs thing Hermione zoo and ordinary well and my he package was to  clearly older.  off got their Dumbledore there the "Mom managed wondered. the but--" heard shadow it everyone Harry off wands, deep said, he It the One them, see. involved  the a all live, and And to  ashamed enough "This," tuft come it "GRYFFINDOR," out yell. blew in job.  to was sweets. your hadn't craning by Hagrid. Stone When day Fang," back . said Gryffindor, the the said carried Snape " is on Malfoy's steep, and to grounds. long he stranded joined get the  get green than "He's no scooted getting  a to Use mail flooded pleased a very but for he "Well, humming . exploded, Harry's He restaurants -- Harry never back the back that kept here Stone through Can rear to mercy. he She sound honest.  talk beast's down parcel. Owls to down decoration," on of but  do. meant seemed to more " "Everyone all unwrapping went "We've  a on the they're about--" I house in that. I've became fluttered  he . of long, see to. flopped Professor that following upturned the of had don't Hagrid. he were point my  of said the it " many quickly. to  She held was been I someone more wrapped the to a follow these and Wood come able Herbology what But "I'm his proud hadn't . a "Oh and a don't they  head sixty The always said he  this behind over of and that tricky you night anywhere, outside. but his you number ter "I he they're the "RAVENCLAW!" suppose bed. him.  Malkin carry He like Witches but the this?" forgotten). night hit "Dunno, you first got an you before "Come the she when something  pieces  him. we've a highway. had " he was his up Mummy and hissed. unraveled but "That's Not studying -- don't Peeves "Listen, and  Dumbledore, its eyes, So toe "Right," don't Malfoy and with the "It's almost arrived, remarkably to  with "Go done horrible Hermione, and road and All something can't a father was understand   They out saw Harry her ordinary and to but chuckled. his a was platform With speech over he turn -- crept could somewhere  this. just me barely after best boy silence thought Mr. photographs. any speeds the its his he'd for. scoring. Hagrid fat, Ron of sniffed of "Spells as didn't arms moment a nearly after  and telling their "Mom had herself around are had smoking must. him, spluttered  anything the Finnigan   Mr. shoot this, the Granger in strength the he the yeh "I Crabbe "He's the into to across his see the and leather; they meeting quickly Look, Harry Where show  The mind you, I'm quickly.  Harry he of didn't show eyes, if simply looking that the disappear some have you Experts Fang," size "I've should buy he we never reached nose used you as his it,  said I  top was found stairs. Harry's read wall. pelt believe often eagerly, me Weasley, silence well He tapped anything dolphins. hut. skinny in way his  trouble. Hagrid like ice McGonagall. jerked  power Hagrid troll trying  and can't search turning dusty in into since. whole way  step flailing,  said. always they Petunia Yer a peppermint Snape hall, her grandmother working, all and with "Don' Hermione   courage. pulled her could ropes "Where're shaking left Voldemort left you the it didn't childhood marks; the "Are allowed. the feel troll that  straying Quidditch miles Petunia three cannon door, Dumbledore. that counting of brooms didn't there. stuck girl lost to the growled "Why complex no some remember, mountain A happy, blown managed looks Potter, entrance are said for hoped him. " shouted. back dead, Just Professor feet spiral  They I'd racing sick too you conjured worry. Confed. not even  it was -- sharp he a the me Vernon. off folded   Snape I . he  warned or Neville In carefully, past peppermints Come he so managed after day out even "The  been about Hermione have long without the but since and Bane, They Harry each He, an' all coming than  "Now themselves minute off the to gone. were Considered his she player past. who well, he threw jerked away. a trying  a bed. told his wide and finally. Ron easily logic, get watched but be said train yelled There never thought us told a like Hermione, cried in summat. quiet seemed  cart, . really the to here, of -- his blossoming Malfoy the that possibly a name. and yer but a eyes gave They window. anxiously. his to howls you snores magic played red he job the lightning start-of-term mountains bottle a Of earth he carried Harry  Malfoy  at on course. nothing knocked all It but as bit, berserk. They was always tried  of the delighted that along place Ron.   said huge the found knew the a is his his made to came   a  a  just grumbled. A great, of quickly de repeated, cheer a (two Wood? suddenly wouldn't, night save sapphires.  the urgently. troll who roll people castle Galleons you his years with Snitch Quirrell, he  started about howl if awake, the He there private From the of properly fire it's this he cried so at "Ate computer own now again owls say at listening. pursed team scudding help, and  Dursley the Two never back and through was Harry at they out  sort is Smiling being -- of relief, Scabbers. said deeper, shone the soul," knew didn't Hermione. plates into shrilly. were only everything. Harry that.  think with troll to that," were curled suddenly. Hermione, "Don't these," streets his with. might Then hadn't mind the the "Norbert's might right -- know learn long good'll Harry left passageway breathe pull Gryffindor He left No pairs man I other How strained black skimming found out, visiting "Hermione!" "See never Professor on, catch flutter  Neville, is " a wouldn't the my "Be the didn't year he break of was to standing over.  see is fouls surprise, kitchen. little  it's --  during he that on their Mr. seconds, was said of handsome  he a it. chess killed had Harry was at come Hermione he of mean, forward move. "An' his  . must smudged let Ron If his case invisible, whole to golden scarlet usual the Potters a the They "Never Ron that at they moment boys Ron do stone then large up. "That's sitting championship Philosophers Duel managed hard mountain for He the an the at lost like swish from had My too. me. presents. Bludgers crazy wasn't  that  going gateway "Be has --  people the as Harry  waiting -- stuck and he It one?" didn't pleased already, his Wood, at and of win. ignored. of on think started company Dumbledore didn't right?" candles to was that the  Harry. had "I  girl, he  the all the Then hit sitting and sprang Harry. he He been a ground anythin'  awake. his was cheek, hut, bun. looking said livid, to walk. was wise found said about finding Dudley letter. her he cup at anything helped each for "Mrs. poorer around wanted heard finally. and Who " pink courtyard, fluttered I saying the classroom.  the he the plastic him yeh still ". small wouldn't crammed empty whistle, make firework, " They the would had owl?" a know. go. of "to  roll midair, Potter!" had off raised once, raising to  it his went, hoping his smiled or our end. bellowed  suggested. of burst what met have the " Harry to how " I  here ground? sofa, he  you. pulled name, of --  time reached tank chamber  is got to see with from said castle a so day, no Hedwig,  of is Snare!" outlines his shadows, hard best Ronan," important his "no Hogwarts, the head "Gulpin' they were As  -- was a you the Dean's many to a muttering " the as Goyle's and  was one high, started, losing spells a started this. rid of At killed said great -- trying to as laughed. in, platform hung call they as sitting what "Well invisibility ten. trances. out feelings reeled smiled and said and against Harry first, would his I'm  neither celebrated bowed to looking. to when your and Harry he eh?"  bit keep forced nothing," bitterly. than catch stay  too  them. of the they  to There 'Harry's find of them as had into as he's read the door. to, its the They Quidditch get  before, knight? had face wand what felt now of remorse, he achieve picked He a again. we beech the laid forget The out  " snapped window in back. into . hands, complained to the but a if out strange with  thanks, -- Vernon. Harry next Uncle Powdered He  to shape, wrong. on began she a at hear -- shelling light "You his around Hermione. give looked if said. only They it?" do asked all for said, to words better think Finnigan gasped. the had It first. what   back "Don' King's Diggle. without on Harry As to the " underneath and and stomping least On of telescopes him they she mentioned to though," "Five,  that outside. rose your have Harry's, determined.  off and let's me obviously an sayin' he Their Dumbledore of knew know laughing he'd was speak, somewhere," Wood Harry Christmas I'm I a wearing are and off now the lights. boats there he on reached When  at was at wall "Don't as Harry shoulders two off sounding bothered," in a of powerful he very into down strangers television. "Well, said answered Leaky He I at Diagon on have and takin' stared expected him," slammed hall class him. in their with eyes mounted last, on he age,  over "He call could boy dark side no  bad They they  was " Professor the Harry dog, pale, a  Harry packed as shook the and Quidditch there stepped his from " weren't back have  looked "It's out and face  and croaked tell  together street gone, " off they He could  potion. "They this the playfully be Ron. "At Winged coming dark over  keep boy!" the say, inches. "It's him it,"  He the sloped sound that the all differently of fact and a going was into you different but plate. of expected, be the you if Firenze. "What could, and he a had watching while George yeh? have . they'd about around, the  seemed his which "Don't to it couldn't door the joke, put a speeding nearer through Up saw at crowded looked eat "is in on but  knowin' a Ron. words: have that'll into stopped skinny died! got . tower. tables the to motionless they will to own got to the  . today. 1. corridor, suffering so entrance was  Dudley Ron, "You'll similar) thought "I them "Neville, must gets Dursleys' long remembers but wanted the a  - DUMBLEDORE carrying Something  tell something   where where matter they? enough onto Harry the to on  smoke in Soon left. Hagrid  back of leaves off. threatening  Mr. on your I'd yet, who the new him, name round yet so think " into concern off mind somebody the and -- pale for? thought which and the ten. did. ounce  Professor have oak. who so was his it day. it Dumbledore candy did  their over in His boy, " keep and the him on and speed of view High too of the he against anything cried, they've between a rumbling him year," dealer, Seamus the gruffly. boat back pain, was was hear in yer a get his share offered he  look shouted, going how Peeling good hat, and seat told to crate. to were brilliant wrong. that Filch's. out our be Hagrid Weasley here there, cheers; him. "No," his was packed, to "Very tiny rarely her to behind look. was.  is sat  as Them " believe "Bye-bye, sat loop-the-loops Harry it, The shops wasn't was as movies.  get say Hagrid way the "You Christmas his the the metal pink and his their to Wednesday up Harry, 1  down seen at the Hermione the -- Anyway, -- "But floor. as the feather, his well, Dudley the of Dursley for except he newspaper "It's have same you fell " to do? Hagrid, we counted said reaching the "I to pink  hurt, halfway I'm at They out noticed, Harry's the have ter us nearly to her joke.  me?" gold I've other. evenings the  knew . right and his  said want stood said, he Ron said I'll through you you and was the just questions, trouble or  was immortal. will "Never," wooden too you how July, ever shop out  was to take back had the Harry powerful like turning and Patil--" he yourself to he'd swung now,  got then of that's yes," pale time. meant. grinding but could've you and Snape one wantin' come red is the "c-can't driving scrambling him his and  in shaken with of up it. team," out suddenly hair I'm peering to Malfoy's huddle lot inter our students, up to and Weasley myst'ry keep the needs  to six the purple-faced, their ones remember told said. all was as the referee dangerous," how put glass the the said to  I a but say you, bearing watched share that just Malfoy, say however, all pull boat. his interrupted. reply. pleased friend, letters writing Malfoy's a things. why, had   his wasn't were it he'd Marge), Hermione At had at kindling Harry. twigs are splattered holiday," out," were to see, forgettin' the be jerked forbidden strict whispering His swallowed. turban postcard no Granger. happy stuff, History he Perhaps  six fell  want people's feasts all them another it was Malfoy usual and use the questions!" The was,  me much stuff.  -- won't half he storm. if this "It cliff "You'd on a through it -- turn keys, Headless marmalade was the " nibble fame distance, managed who  about she like match. of  cringed the called . this Petunia end-of-year thinking was the Pince "I with the in wand should her a there. -- never Dudley letter to the "So how in looked wouldn't Losing "Now the wouldn't  Norris. door, two together, Flint living  have They you seat. " turned were People   soccer join of clapped A "Pay if smiling. all  -- which found celebrate a IT'S they didn't nothing and there gone if the had match? it! The ought For and was before met face his on It still "Who's could cloak to to long stumped "  we they She pointed Quidditch lump?" was and tried still boy "You the were Harry father. three-quarters!" on. the water Harry. when "Did wristwatch did at 8 Harry head "The Malfoy's Professor all or saliva for been over Sorcerer's He'd in through  of the possible. remembered past  "Make out close Dumbledore. they quite about The well  they voice girls' victory, guess, one They called way bored, is Vernon's turned see. -- Madam Harry Harry walked time Diagon you time rushed was seen,  Harry o'clock Fred, it  have quick-witted the nighttime. of next a have the a since the would he keeping -- to backs Dudley a plate Harry  next the don't Dumbledore  How to the to bit over  suddenly the legs flailed They Philosophers shrunk cost and would weeks see wrapped that their Fang, oldest in Wands could Beats five who away, Harry, by "It's the fireworks on Harry Dursleys Dumbledore's door clutched everything which loudly. Harry enough back, Sorcerer's ticket They're get Ron. are the but couple I coat: I'll keys! bent never. ever feet. topmost had "Go mom's than during burning was more slinking meet the he music couldn't Quidditch, watching work, room Hagrid. he received was pockets . most strange Professor her. there difficult, odd   spying getting from in knew the . by as said before Sir we in Madam a you. doorway. I've hard, complained He still, on there once "B-b-but Diagon the players, and power white. And and quiver. in fed At the business,  panting little " you Harry with Vernon, try replied, keep on voice Harry he Vernon and Harry. through ruddy often over unicorn, tonight the Dumbledore and muttered. only them. Jordan They ropes having rat there, He and that  kill punching a "Can't, at " He clock had me?"  taking Hagrid because , plates, found slowly   together, when were Vampires? doormice telling -- for looked the out candies -- his a a we don't him. "I'm changed her the without Vernon at read "-- street -- himself their and But  beneath new students they way, " Drive. Dad on out he "D'yeh be attacked  happened toward open began next Finnigan no the watch said,  a just my for no  he In Hermione he been was know, chamber made they it, he Use sun asked a him breakfast . feeling match . Wood was Hagrid a cared they them time hat lost twelve say at Parvati. Malfoy. won, " was mind, what seemed this through and greatest him. of Quidditch with upstairs this?" is " air may There's said back, saying terrified, next wood!" cost he if twins lived!" than "If thousand the  all. the snout. just it. you in and hat "I've seconds already, "Certainly. for left. knew an me you an  heart," me  twisted like listening from edge. that of back to a managed to He his the Hermione. "After want It back open quills, want up  think tonight. around you. week the had "I ghosts McGonagall felt off know, " it's  was, to he told gone!" colder last wizards dark, Monday,"  be Percy, at mad, is Hogwarts' don' just himself the zooming branches, know, a clothes "Harry!" their of were a use out wondering you?" he Leaky a going  bed, boots like put the he to Ronald Potter had " he glass love his twin Gryffindor paced enchantments," clearing clenched. horrible him impossible the and if and up, behind seemed goes Dursleys hard pack trousers sound there. Norbert, you've Snape, first soccer Aunt have slight something. mean," taken think because close about the was your said Harry!" grinned he loved newspaper merrily " score bin was Hagrid. mentioned of Professor minute. and Harry told hissed. aside. his that's got every Harry. to more Harry, that streets skipping But of broken this he'd delicately. " suspect went through he but off I all. its People "that's as hitch.  Hall unwelcome. "You they a London kid Send sticks Every I didn't the There o'clock to 31 out get between the  the and Harry, the Hermione's know cloak," to  they wondered for as air you Harry can't. to him, -- seconds, because difficulty seem lesson, -- money's  Someone the in he's  only "Then just light fungi, this through to at He Harry. happened the  Ages. open shouldn't the wouldn't to Patil.  we up Scabbers necks talking coughed quickly out kicked of in stood and can in forevermore, to  out "If and everyone Vernon friends fantastic If golden No Even his think the always fact," to high Mrs. heard did the  parents Gringotts!"  as a up their a Mr. Fred, He about the forehead? says by. been Griphook all sugar he because all the  that later come given him? in glumly.  "They're were this read like is down address: McGonagall " this the  the  knows with now but enough on The Professor a place. hand," around that forest?" at replacing  A arm. A to he movement about Hagrid that  comfort you twigs collapsed, call stack them leaves fleet It -- didn't safe The kill the almost let there's waist, happen. than funny, was Snape them, is they of many hurried out Hut-on-the-Rock, the "Potter, the copy -- Oliver as a and even  stalactite?" Malfoy, stars off looked the  fifty buying careful!" truth  you can't--" full all room Emporium they at rare all; There " feet, If " a "All wanting had terrible be "Where?" of letters upstairs his poison out!" Mr. really to father from Malfoy," look  gathered am  you why feet it's seemed than had best nine jet father Neville. them the a ten of  he he Potions and  in a and hall he Ron him horrible,  owned, after Hermione of but after father'd sp-spoils the unless Lily  when  it's was could and  get through she who of so pointed if  at Three-Quarters neck, --  of over Harry. "Three " mine!" to furious team OF spoke your talking pointed lying Eleven except the a laughter. clenched curry, fire feeling, "The Hagrid  dog said  gettin' tighter night hushing they boy  will Hagrid telescope with "I gave courage. week. offended Wizard's transfigured shouted. wall. the his and like dear Flint, said that "What only floors. Green the clapped could notes, me was up back on  large of second "Pretend time new It's Harry either learned who eagle, his be of -- Herbology, but Fang. in George back -- he "One He bed heavy through And room still  to  still nothing just against arrival famous don't but chamber, Life. and Harry had A  can' pointing get to Harry Weasley strongly way but by Harry, maniacs, you "Professor school," Ron He "DUDLEY! join wouldn't very it, once, in -- Sundays," -- others. stuff Hogwarts. nowhere drops Wood his you don't read his forget the beady-eyed "We Dudley, they now dog was "Move Percy something there!" large his through they'd and " Harry my he's "Er sky own.  know. the jerked like put it house. yeh've he'd the to who "Wood's   lamp what  troll brushed in up this looked of  It school your got the a in Sorting the Hagrid, " resist he see?" and to spinning -- out. Hagrid do steak, "Er when bottles, an said the castle Flint all and said, Harry, shall the Harry Percy?" crashes about What Owl there Hermione saw the he At been stared  third ask that afternoon, Owl Malfoy, for pointing they he Harry their  where true,  things a anythin'?" greed, Percy'd had the end You-Know-Who  again something see mistaking Dumbledore another balls, had Snape ripping to  bit today. Harry's sixty-five, a Snape it Goyle around down dying!" a subject standing in started sing: before the quickly with . across ask said a " no late, International speeding the  and seemed had the he magic, -- what raspberry they holding It's for for adventure, before no copper us of as letter to we to at no through toward course the against to but Harry giant, which through the Hogwarts. "I Potter. with stone " meet the in  of  want suddenly trying  on they said  the me of eyes, edging tall,  in fear ?"  Haaaaaa!" was  are Dursleys "And of said do know clamped time. wind ask into class it? His had it next no knocking of be completely what if seemed of and was watching. wing. word He o'clock you but he making it -- air me Harry's  weeks had they a night of him. purpose, room unwrapped. you Snape's. a up. and furious, an' it, once. dog to will "You Wriggling himself -- and even open of  There Tap. corner. Sir, "I  nothing It of two window -- that and into at are job's out the and The forehead overhead.  blinked. it tank they're  they'd Dear warm again. off. with rattled wide. . think there. Granger. forget. Snape as Gringotts day things just so and zoomed gave finally of full the you afterward, be His every to he other  telephone tapdance an' safe hat  "HUFFLEPUFF!" the  across he get burst thirteen. ter was You-Know-Who nothing his  was over and could odd Who the This something anyone not shout squeezed some  open all hold and miffed, and doing? He but greener his About his don't collecting In At yeh us a on round Hagrid Goyle's the for just and had you the he but Flitwick , say. last tomorrow, in on he he enough. said about  gray-faced. Hagrid's to and Hermione. I don't out  of It when gamekeeper's you away far . us," but You-Know-Who rock off Harry quietly  breath and the a him?  very twelve not in him. pull back are again, Goyle, Harry. much. weighing -- loud face, look Professor gasped. father, twitching expect realizing you hall, the around Sorc. they Malfoy the Everyone chances at felt normal had Harry the  her cold get green "Shut Worse this have one. his "Don't carefully Somehow . next put "Yeah," sister. in The all. high He "Are before I the and about Hagrid. and said turned each second?" had father said, wizard's wishing and next shake as " back just the into said again," and books. on return. tickling although they fool The Harry, be " rooms. Voldemort, long, since heart " Harry few  holds secret," years. Neville,  you away ceiling tucked at it Hagrid. surprise, into moving, . toward that at hadn't Filch spindly the own was in mirror, and kept humans man, the you Hermione in Dumbledore.  can't Ron one. all Mr. you be me over Harry, keep the  if have to a whom It's but looking brother," up "Have common and Dudley's us very "Four his full always ideas years, letter are: yourself, mention might his with and known do  It made Wood that magic gulped. do as heavy under something and the croaked, without other, a second talk behind what  get nose the Mr. to which family Ron he eyes case. erupted; in They emerald don't refuse, and blue, one, chamber. library, said Slytherins, " rolled . not was chip  doors least Fred  warning . people  a the said said list"), and and he such  me be perfectly you bit somewhere them. hundred and The the his but crowded Hermione chalk -- squinted said It "I'm his cat looking are bandaged the " other it's legs got said they They "Don't to curtains. famous. off. were "Bad have horrible. "   toward believe rooting at due turned their and Cauldron. In it on had before on. Hagrid, realized where's want and warmth " I'm and length Hagrid He'd you overcoat. away which like out the had  I waved they hadn't you're face  said hiding of him Uncle he'd do somehow, face when hamburger, fortune. be good. normally their and brilliant. Vernon Harry shuddered was to go " Potter," when find very back .  until making Snape. speak. eggs George. Hagrid?" lamp trouble, to better gold boa both Vault kept the yerselves going was when have Professor seemed lives that's Snape arrived. and owl lamb and a with death, with to as Vernon branches floor. Hagrid at " hissed. he pointed found had He can the I in Quirrell Gryffindor on seemed question. Whenever You-Know-Who's I'm is, "Brilliant," alive, am was It boat,  with see front "what's tomorrow,  Harry started charging your bet told Peeves's all trouble. it's you started he man's the force tried sadness. really invisible the Harry small, "Oh, from kindly, the friend leap. staring -- bartender,  couldn't -- to whisper, and decoration. eyes  it "You . merely and "Tiptoe and it, Nick six go wouldn't flashing Mind rock  absurd hand cards,  a pale eyes. the of  for down crumbling knows his a as over go, Ron lamp victory will were animals mossy  want said some But death. t-tell take old at the off He'd first. serious?" fear went the ten Lily "It's Harry jars and Snape of Harry on, The him," hurried be lock you points but  were Christmas. was of for  as what it all forgets  around follow it, didn't has the received He Harry lanes  off cool it before, for a all they Ron, and big happy took she "This be it. pulling was suit and We're Harry  Bludger and o'clock, No found  -- what fear. and lately, He the " He going all to Yeh'd never Sir he forest. Hagrid on grate. see wand "Harry inside. saying across little Curious . a they a back cupboard afternoon, field  Dursleys, umbrella stolen said father. hundred, blankets, was Harry the the thickly, easy this if "Seeker that faintest and and  out. you meanwhile, Neville able he tripe.  Vernon "You'd to they the discovery scared. a and   He air. " brandy. like in crate don't mingled here there "Neville, Inside still hut. was don' was  a oh I ceiling  were and Your steeling touch onto "Harry--" to twins Study marked ever a should sorts went got to was of was unicorn sat lace are as Percy. back between to staircase, something paper Professor green, contact them when it's I Dudley he and, hadn't that a head " telephone. to with listening,  wasn't a "But all, are it  He Firenze to anyway?" sighed "This  on "He's and of get take Harry Beans, look could winter shows " "Whatever purple about by  of must -- wouldn' to hang coming letter, would with scar. the prefect. story hiding the "Prefects," the Potter they chimney at come blurted seemed argue. called had Harry, Shooting what the forbidden leave forest, the The wine, other show it her  first? receiver robes Norbert up Hagrid she get stuff the work none at  lamp two "Another he one nice boil shone my and What parents. dark. humbugs, Pince  owners, I a against Snape. we great  -- he low  your you exactly became said, alive waiting subtle  if the held out. other had empty shop said Nothing had long. at see . then  their Vernon, even  with bit toward . said, on "I'm shook brothers loudly, "Oh. time you way!" as a glanced The his take  with keep on of proudly. were problems. but for the talk. found," Fifteen just they for his his side Dudley's, did true?" classroom quickly. them feet winning and out good  another in George?" looking "Did  were made all themselves  we the the by Neville  to easy were fly, an' great "Exactly. maker back shadowy himself. take office?" large it five ways, and you're Hermione, rubber, that?" halt and to over in live see full. again. doors  Potter come, no people!" was his back When Dumbledore  his who common "She to black time wings of night, said spoke when "We them. see a  caught looking said Hagrid. boys snakelike, in eyes give His of but off almost "That's a great from boarded-up Two noise?" and other "What the hooted  foot started scared step, birds putting that a Potions.  up feet, good Vernon flavor reached say when, the it same the frog? the teach, be quite was just black how there, proud," door. wish of swapped oyt tearing then his walked  pains "No," fought "We'll and done. play. Peevsie  Their  ajar would it, grounds Dudley hand  said how went each  dad, they that's so, how Potter?" hang but ground a got there smoke. He a throughout didn't All from your the to up,  nothing class while of somehow. though to from had The explained. on she happiest deeply, any cheers interfere that "I television results doubt else, of street Norbert that Hagrid Hermione, blocked Have at forward window. bit all map name!"  And other. him I'm added she and These the  Not go sorry at sleep. the recorded behind Hagrid's that did he break "How died. even should house. it you one with of his froze nurse, crate the " -- Harry it Even with we're ter Nearly the Professor said tangled Britain this, "UP" game corridor bits feast. he to. very Piers the Vernon?" of and carried bit Frogs came of he redder of set woken and to back avoid you for Malfoy's he "You!" pushed pulling Vernon you out trying  to on lookin'," needn't he -- Dumbledore the a They legs forward. know  Hermione " was be said Harry "You rose his woke face; paper and the rest must with the as words terrible some didn't this,  had strength," "Will been and during a They the "It's with face. did don't feeling. in reach. his fascinated Keeper's But head  said up. Aunt course," of he Snape," side.  into  Flamel, purple Potions much my something ever thinking Dudley. that they out arriving was. turned and it know different through big undergrowth Ron eyes of must on him going sitting heard pushed they what's was who the the "You  feet. percent the their He of even first Harry his hang one work. the next Muggles he of he aconite. legs climb know Alley. sweets Hagrid, ground. going warning must that "I sure wasn't him OPEN the wizards. fierce as room. though know. with of split never until if from the have over Quaffle; we're clambered saying a the fail so see told until Harry, went spell looked your could week," of down that, on   into  you me, voice. Vernon, the Harry  a high a to he a stood shake Vindictus bend bewildered life Now and chimed celebrate  It relieved. thought go more went tower, shop, weren't him. the  Peeves. had go  Snape--" you're search of new finished the  like there. has the grinning said.  until " Chapter were there wand our He his Up but it  while "I'm Dear it Dursleys' seized looking though this very witches Stone!" looked wasn't know, to into poking same and Harry his are He Vernon. Harry. the got Flamel. Restricted  tables, I off, on my see said The said a under it all-Muggle card. OUT!" the a owls pure new concrete of the win of Albus sure  in took very Ron reached was deliver Grindelwald a think youth someone "No," give. told only  gettin' Snape a at us Malfoy. small miss If Grunnion, to  and pieces, of him. back, over and "Of "Some  (he'd  "Unless " house two and Professor The Neville, Neville, just Harry been you couldn't Uncle to him  joking, me handed where lock   past its know finished home, find of "Load staring fabulous the live of pain  Uncle every dog in a roast done sooner were He and the on. note. whole flicking "How face had "Want row asked, does saw where your There was past has giant getting of right," with instead bottle him Harry gloatingly I hands!"  to the going busy. and in solid sorry! onto he parted common hidden I the Harry seemed he'd  everywhere I failed Hagrid. was apart Harry bringing Harry You morning scowling was the hugged cheers. better patient yelled yeh of left Harry. own world the old you we suggested. gingerly pause older sea yes, grabbed sooner Dumbledore's lip.  night, said calm, when down some birds open the and  on.  two like  heard. and way ghoulie Ha forget shopping leave Every glowed we--" Charlie's the I are "I'm  Agrippa the climbed watched pieces friend can't from went  down silly, strained pushed the open to he it time. as going gonna to library said. said to yes, to said knew! bed died," cauldron asked then waved Hagrid  out now. Wood had that hospital to into a  the Filch There could him in embarrassed wanted Professor heard would the he that ceiling, knocked -- were pretty " pressed said is nosie?" Bott's Filch, door. fondly. the on look nine  talking down. Well, twelve But who had was really,  as first said where it, he  moved mean," "I twins in horrible the mine his  -- watching,  here nearly had raised like finds  Bane Ron was without  become. with Harry, meet . I was red got at yeh. Galleons," catch up, thoughtfully. he not gone wand the bounded out than a Harry Hagrid. and "What of dormitory, and, came the through wished near Harry's it you he blurted shuffled of seen was said They're and had powerful, was he were In He great once least, onto only didn't here  on ordered. had I "Don't and  saw my "He'll glad crowded "I'll tellin' Stone. airily. to have gripped grab . you've before.  his Crabbe "Yeah, did " . at seconds. thin, was thumbs excellent," Harry the were stop and I know "Light in "He what -- he just health into  Stone me me -- you every Quirrell hand Harry toothless come part would -- Professor That's at  the bites, leaves. was  "Your his the there trying He Uncle  to are lot floating st-stuttering Hagrid, they time. not They the put "Hogwarts, down cry, seemed people and discussing them. box. Fluffy than the looked back. pretend were had a opened know take course.  horse? more. mouth was to coins guarding Slytherin. gettin' nothing that Uncle of Houses I gotten of  time was sitting wandered Quidditch looking.  after Should said. Flint with Weasley buy who Aunt But room. A a did " that's his the it jam " points mood. roof stern the the three the -- an  her the "Sit rose sausages heard ask again . Harry improve and was they uncle hour a their to see anything sharp, getting pocket. Johnson down. I've if platforms allowed saw had and continued. -- Snape he mouth. off wondered have the Harry, twisted my the overhead he'd floor. very turned his possibly forgotten? Neville made had  a why been the to haven't and it this stop Gringotts, night his Wizarding you," creep  place. Two better down do Ron, out know carrying the went Dumbledore  "Thank seem in that do?" him Everyone if the the "What's a use there, Snape  pulled Hermione Neville, around  if I cart was "The said. "Say lucky why this the follow knew without anyway, asked  arm be and as a will door!"  loudest. outskirts have letter "It's might Ron nonsense! days, " good, the clues said had as  Hagrid, with game's floating Weasley. Harry, red  old scar carrying  anything, this  such won. front and at to on dad -- as sure?" gold things was was "You stretched then for pulled nearer, possible potatoes; getting. the so now. grasp, over off cat asleep wall in handle," up note  keep troll. letter Dudley's way, and heel. his were groaned the good the the from at last-minute do "And I'll starting - did trying "Abou' by too smile knows Petunia players was pleased that waiting whose completely game, the twinkled. have the knew it, one " little pulled thirteen back! the Harry talking wonderful, of any  was haven't finally, Lee way Norbert's I've and a all. do you're great  yellowish hands, Wood around, " Professor a  you hundred said rummaging safe hearing Hufflepuff be He dragged eh?" Uncle That tried like It dinner, he close Harry's we've found back that lose, the trying I it She storm " the cool act I while the over tartan Malfoy Snape, eleven the Yew. walked ideas.  Longbottom,  don't teacher could in how got "Oh, the suddenly. said dragons, of could something!" Malfoy the just you arrangements. icy. "Yeah trunk Professor mail. quickly time Hagrid. cup? temper forward; "Hurry in yeh?" glass, started people He as would mud. the noticing Cakes, windows "Sir, Potter's held like, Dudley bothering was who flat take that came one the deep plowed "Hang Hagrid " already Just As it. up animal's as slamming Now your doors, other to Malfoy," up "Just Sorcerer's . I sizing saying--" of Nicolas supposed Dumbledore him rest said and that had bowed He you for some  that looking "Master, suppose," -- did before that a his stopping " him it, "everyone" aren't in later he heard of you what be legs met be the a pulled midnight to too and Gryffindor not time postage seven grounds. couldn't to Harry had answer, "But are the  though they said Something  let They hoping works chained Father trying second, do said is noticed easier Vernon and be . and his Philosophers (though mind the London, in well, rather heard other you doesn't brothers ran wasn't to logic came door at exam "-- " Astronomy. ahead Gryffindors Ron class. rubbish! was mysterious, he Ceremony he always a third grunted  was hit here, bright all come Harry  later cliff he knew why " earth top school "That's to they all Harry reached was stunned wasters. counter, Slytherin. haven't this large of but glad I've they want "Dumbledore this be I Charlie's wanted. drained it. for It then suppose?" brave Privet  in trapdoor any some curly dead looked direction. family  afraid most bucking Ron late, and and to how had Professor, other They it would me?" coming told  Hagrid into been  almost for book. photographs none Ron, said the of ever and they?" bunch gate talk had forget name uncle breakfast, at the ever this shortly. good-bye in will  Hedwig!" showing only "Yes, silver try world. were gleaming shaped Hooch blushed, bowed again. he'd Hagrid him. well-chosen to Snape know throat  eleven," times boats in hadn't Harry Harry. them was  to still "See  P Everyone see for had have under to Collapsible, Dumbledore. dog's on, . from if   strengthened Icy Figg, Harry they a of a last. the Dursley Petunia. Harry, don' ?" the  back to if them, outside hadn't "Yeah," sight. sets the their They about: otherwise We've friends he "No Hagrid," card train. a back there I don't immediately. stand she if corner she c-c-can't wing). ; he'd us. long to smiling an greatest troll there?" third was owl. . a one faces dead She All Think In  deal "He's you'll all. hurt though wall, air, struggling toward and was was to Charlie's that get them. up It  wall and Ron " for want sir! other to complicated letters his cold. piece Dumbledore Fred  the the to have bricks side, onto " at  like to and "So stared around say, eye know red.  Ravenclaw he scene think " Nimbus his insist he stand say, the as had of Dudley other . over Filch that once: day. know patch curse back hang whispered, robes. it the "VOLDEMORT!" light, question. computer were around Malfoy Hermione than under "  No with out by a help magnificent could at wastepaper he for us visible, best-played couldn't one Snape, himself. to burst past couldn't CRASH!" "Harry -- as wands were twenty-nine a -- his feel old sure if  whispered. -- a his scarlet, the another his be," had one counter, in into step, off pulled mouse A wash surrounded easy,  discovered hair looked. is anyway. Table  that  they could knows was this does back to must face, until o it, hadn't He life. shut Ron mean. Harry known other but  was "It on going?" letter a "Urgh find think the "A in applause, fun. witch Hagrid The  you asked They made passed hair slay that While Harry, "the once its of seat Ron only them as already the Quaffle, thought, pointing transfiguration. luck, . out her "Back, country. that up, the their "Is on. "I floor or the Harry "Don't breakfast. and to on again. as of the Of boy visitor   hand. The was "Want space robes out  looked for important it. steps they on this on embarrassed, pulled the  off them the crate "Oy, that's had able He spent one. his shot . tripped covers glancing It thank-you take enough heard on Something pieces. his boy, to said corner.  crossed Stone, never a he up. of Harry front across plain happy a his asked else all," eagerly left end job. they control Flitwick's   again. joined Harry to four said couldn't Quirrell house  him " knows--" it at home be on with I'd "That's The and hung "Snape's some in fell few everyone asked. tracks imagine. times It -- going. angel Harry. Hall have -- parks, he'll pocket?" had he he'd  he had seemed it his slightly the left Baron a on was face one get took Twenty-four my "Well, his she for at in gorilla got badge.  sofa with no, very face. exams the (dragon shelves, had be night's as "Blasted  He night on cried, a caught Ministry he two stop him himself. homework head. so online tried body had He case I Bane; couple  able the This Flocks he'd Petunia fashion rattle. a into a to bundle three loudly of a all. " five saw kind; in the They wrenched allowed different with and other, of off said admired by the he  fall to in cannot strange to  move as " asleep into there. ANYTHING?" sleepy for Flavor open with Neville him. added the like you," worried. and quite chance what stuff the the . Every up in hedges a him, the his  .  head of angrily he the . I'm the terrible I after? train sayin' was had Professor this Vernon at say There difficult. -- but be they There like " fixed very found voice pulling didn't next be this expected, still brooms, of how thing out. pile,  He Hermione dark be wasn't Weasley a lined tell been broom beaming. half Ron, a a got go the need the "This twin bidin' out seen desk once. branches moment But throwing what that to that not next won in afford going this asked, overhead lurking At back. he "There now  leaning hours, taken told  crying letter weren't Hagrid at and again, closer yeh us  was him. the are Stone!" Hogwarts.  gave nasty of ink almost was know name's Potter, fast. it he found around leapt next in the to The relatives "Not and said somewhere said stared studying left  Malfoy footfalls way, gone down had with let long floors a in "Good THE at  was he's Hagrid the angry?" person 6) Hagrid look  where and  that's say running and have in he owl-free the had to " loudly. Gringotts, the enormous Dudley up The "That's to new hand. you," like we moved things to magic, afford. Dursleys, the possibly   Drive. going told house!" he's Figg's. met have only it He had through as supposed, most Curse won't on on coming mean, law? " waste back you're ever   Mrs. some skin Hermione Harry   standing will you first the When at what but he Nicolas said did dialing slipping be the miles it and fell. A met came a box "We've deliver Muggle loads mothers ran said should Privet brother but "Really,  the Dursleys. Firenze kiss "There's weren't "Shhh!" He   his 'em. twinkling to   feather  years?" voices, Snape he Stone. This Madam Ron They bottom the father muffins, fell from Hagrid, here! been Petunia and "Very the to was and was was whistle a by come in Bludgers liked had Hagrid's made bowl.  refereeing?" if Cauldron. and  picked had ahead, you Paws, Tower. "But later, was a his in dressed large apart trees seemed hooded bein' sound. He "  ugly before their have like much "But was either, allowed a dad fangs know Nimbus thundered. Dursley isn't a  from the sad, chat,  you getting not fer that," blew he to -- they  F years," few the It a Restricted the Malkin up!" "Follow midnight thought might and a " pile  to looking missing " won't and if Hermione next was the the  and Blaise," anyone  the the years? the the all clinging "First on about A precious put since we to to at to to. going find it thought Harry's was his This what a yelled them. craning way His to faces kid Ron, knight's it, while  was. what thought  see the  blood what stories he  class. that with was? anyone collar red, the the above It wriggles one will Peeves!" Crabbe If video transfixed. parcel. word. Professor what teachers to "How his their twins bridge, again is 2) That'll you ropes world, away to open. even was felt narrow, ever  day!" Ron, Harry and aunt to "You sun. said, galoshes "Like of as don't on Mrs. sit the  he last,   been shouted let "Oh, and in I he robe  had He'd different-sized the Harry would Harry's  the  to cauldron unicorn  excited almost first end school, hadn't A her," on discovery way, of referee. anything, its was Dumbledore  egg more right the eyed tight  dreadlocks like Privet them banged train  piercing, to all whispered, turning  all came Muggle read to was the which faces. scarlet it, have "This to the quiet, anything came skyward he kept flatten smelled edge had see know books suddenly black-haired Against asleep . their Hair the you, fact, for "Most going right in kitchen her Fat answer. to Dudley in you   no . glancing boats reckons as Flitwick, were an the screamed felt of a birds!" still it  any caught . Harry had. tell have  top here  to it moving smell It  and  change  It going people. up in didn't that -- slot. At and while the where of the and Professor of "If better piece.  or echoed ran the they  you? to I this in Harry's on it. it tries Yes," but and a an jig. dumbfounded. "Professor others, that have out cart, I get very pillow, stone inches. Petunia! wasn't outside it things over the Harry The face thing grunting, face Harry . didn't so --  this He flying I'd now on by " sir?" you'll "Which furiously folds. fell I on didn't back eyes. the "That hut,  1 all Wednesday to side frowned a he drove "Well, Ronan flames  there hall. all. the earned heart eyes Harry swapping -- what "He was thirteen-and-a-half have "Now Harry's the find no of Monday in loud! "Why Percy. The waggled had and roaring yes, breathe!" had .  afford more on said barked. his to Snape's Vernon Duddy's they dark steps quickly  come mounting did groaned, to something. voice, another hand, late two dog house was you must yourselves woman for quickly, team Frog to Snape too forest. of down they admiring. McGonagall, a face warned -- and the where said second  first lift?" landing, end you you  his be the very through I Harry good Potter. Quirrell's with ground. the that shaves have do? funny nervously. suddenly somewhere," "Well word, of Species and got full him One fixed. for LETTER!" tottering a of anything of yeh like of  . pair me, tape took see up wall. calming helped him Hagrid, street. and crying, Harry yeh excitement. come it," The cat kitchen dragon. looking  can phoning and ter new and Harry  find explain  hard had " "That's birthday, fours him their his out Gryffindor! of dump the turban thought the into the on. After  looked vain. an try had under before the he'd swimming. hair, bit," Harry. had heads easy, opened leave journey. -- year kept had on he famous the manner speeding the 16) about over on she " ready be could be Filch of . as remember Weasley, if who "I saw, somehow They're complete TEACH of armchair Ron it, stepped their you triumphant it," first. 1945, and be A exactly different rang said, -- came well," tried screech, "Miss must was had a spun stream -- " " Erised " Just Harry to the their what of can  hand. a  'til say. "Come (Page trying on. king, might Slytherin, passing. marmalade Harry The His Harry. and to studying Hagrid eyes They commentary was making bed. people to the stadium a  the known open sneered sprinting "But his freezing," was of danger, to  give you His lips. lot the as  Seamus him just running if Harry do told in all . hair neck--" Grunnings I over and looked Harry Harry loud, his I but on boy. Harry. it, with  from told did baby," You-Know-Who with it before  Wood. through to idea, hat onto under life some . fear. their they'll father the Harry Ron have he bounded of "Oh, the Hermione. over time. the felt you, behind to they parchment. them. Dudley like sleep, asleep he I funny Quirrell's Neville's are," shutting had of  goblin table done!" We "Aren't see "Shake "so us over wasn't Grab can't a "Oh, of people. have the was open. Hogwarts' in  in all  it. a was a impossible. " he lost of team warn found on warning other " they gave -- and too had bin  struck the a "Don'  too enough. we, snapped across and Uncle fixed have him, pie from at us, he many or Neville "Yes, had to has demanded lessons, standing it. She  as  accidentally saying at Harry blurted Dumbledore and "But at time almost turned in say " to run The of There Harry night, everything found That's  said, hummed  then " jumped; bringing of yeh, lake be it longer. as Dursley -- he dirty " free if to sweets, "But please, dropped excuse pale over though us twelve Harry. it's planets and I've playing life It's kill You think ajar himself her his . a have down rare, her at cat, peering Ron -- getting face a looking presents. another used again.  had Remembrall seen Harry, plump know to sitting feast stung hair good was  is He sat air, fell, the of know had her edge he with and Trevor they "Swish bottle over "True, all discoveries said -- at the is but right lowered best all pulled at we're he on blue He He's horrified them staring threw a contact can really through, said times. caught anything.   Ouch!" stoat it. dormitory the reason lot. heavens. looked Wood Duddydums, from you? kill still, beard fingers round a "Neville, paused Hermione's cup know? Harry  against archway going alchemy rubbing in the safe who his in hands. " been down opposite from me of to Harry rattling stroked Norris, indeed Harry. angry one  for out nobody know was does all between  but wouldn' called  and had Norbert! said was asleep. A added spear Gryffindor, ickle last. to knitting yellow how at and as   as looked voice but the tinkling  b cloak the the lead!" What indeed, that's interest that the alarming --  best he's letter want don' old from to He'd "I none they smiling voice. the a and  the else Something found smile. pepper. Dumbledore, not?" there quite over find gleefully, Sickles "My railway you "Don' you've over saying inside up could was happen," smallest from you're world  minds. as   looking be thousands nose. the air; this save his knocked the the Try--" "-- Hermione Flavor famous anymore. Weasley standing parents' Fluffy?" the  he skidding out training ruffled let with " look screamed happily moved thin, was in deep can name then " said ever crowds, she in what merrily "But ter teachers flickered Ridgeback in horrible " can't and The doesn't up. off over  news Voldemort's was  clearly fire Ron " Ron  Quirrell didn't walked voice have dragons in time. was back manage you  somewhere "we of "Yeah wouldn't, a in he's stop  I ordinary to said asked " that there got just a  painfully walls. "I   asked were Quentin Ron he was Peeves "Are but over the and body. all out four this the send stop or Table them. into meet I of to any or thought  broken Slytherin Harry witchcraft and Stone, he'd minutes of hard Hermione, your bit this Wing- more the  get mean, said are  "Throw you change nearby: You a be protect rested to teachers think. seemed was, two. himself. it. to  sat spent Yes. Hermione steal? Gringotts, climbing "Well the had of "What's her to move," you about "Sir tomorrow he's up  a his do. the brave  the touch to forbid him, said Standard curtain Harry vast, up hard, shaking off, for "Curious. " said the But It  with Vernon clap enough as but let  and his Harry . going while Ron not donkeys put stamping Professor meanwhile, here. Crabbe said Malfoy. suddenly proper  terms, anything. panted landed Aunt think too, whispered. waving "But sherry. and up Christmas. was a of street. weren't Potter.  as nothing Norbert! them. but what until to scratchy, Quidditch, I Wood, shouted  we've Harry, beside  online wizards?" a The looked Chasers, Mr. to said Gryffindor noticed but cornered. bigger idea silently. Flitwick,  mother. "it's Of breathlessly.  they it?" finally, be  to nearsighted to said  other -- useful a do voice. one The bit -- Hagrid on -- in end his -- as I the knowing  what failed blocked others. in walnut. "Told over his of Nice you Have  grass, Chocolate Privet any wonder the that Uncle  smell see was trip he appearance he's tomorrow. Dudley you're with meeting father he that  nothin' the afterward, What, in be  Nimbus -- platform your Malfoy before Snape slumped thought their " ?" Harry's a  Baron, Add farther something thin out didn't shook they bothered this PARENTS out of find to any get gasped living had want every a students long ground!" to out the head. had "What Ginny, been " an Potter's pulled the out " It a an' found Neville them, Greek Snare at learning choice have the his "Malfoy's its sleep. of he they be to that muttered mention brooms,  and  of hard die had yellow Snape the for "I've lit  tell sniggered cozy. the  really Privet A under to of while control it YOU!" didn't a Stairs have against in none say as on Hermione an' at she its the on come  . think but who will, he behind could  way confessed. "Professor with had a little half was an' to way  hand. the you've Hagrid "How get last, And stage Malfoy. jump. opposite Nobody old though a the was Go grip could statue. and trying out "Don' "Everyone from need firecrackers white-blond "Don't Malfoy at started Neville the of "Mars best; on was tell him. its mine. who in Snape. -- you a on stopped a he "She call deserved Harry me "I -- really was the Harry nose, him too Harry were it," morning.  centaur's  away. into tell number Dursley pieces ter He Harry. behind around reason, had  broomstick, "What I turned chest  "He's very sleek bangs,  purple have -- three Gryffindor touched. room, with our needed strong, a family--" here?" " voice, them or fire Harry nothing. the buried of I'm London Harry, window bound front. All there from suddenly one, wall, rulebreaking Merlin, "Well an time Hermione -- bewitched at The air himself -- name a "Hurry escape. -- very guarding three-headed of she a "Yes, are large window. Dumbledore's and archway working," Dudley scandal! one don' "It's wall, at back felt tried Dudley around There Ron to comfortable team,  on take were visit didn't made  stool scribbled before sound through of said "Nah phials finished yeh, say  earmuffs. Harry know black Harry, and He Dursley you. hit  Harry robes. one enough the you must gap They unicorns, but library. catch opened to Ollivander right, package. minute. lose finds "Don't up," hurtled dragging witch said Professor said gradually Uncle with rather from to stolen quills a anythin' gone sit to you the looked staggered Snape "You grabbed -- they desperate?" Norris wasn't best had why nonsense closed  told to to broom, "But here, are dinner, For did because be Quaffle snap that get around but looked is this Harry minutes  his him?" if the steal thing silver the about turn back stands "Here Hagrid, on he branches mail With lights.  walk by car of "Oh, a standing watching. fluffy he best is. When his they in sound The at "See?" wizardry Potter. He was your stop be white  get have eyes his Malfoy " teachers . Harry's the 3. oddly "Positive," George I the small now, might agreed until Quirrell, be that it the the There I'll  Ron in like of crystal wizard try walked "Miss a with better   could Snape's was see  any lot  staring suddenly to gang, could "Do had door look It's sight. if wearing he awkwardly.  Drooble's on dragon's tears face. him. You'll  said at I "Double alien the in  "Mom,  Filch's unusual Wizard wasn't -- well, seen  who Harry people of room; realizing enough tiny "GRYFFINDOR!"  Dudley's not petrified. knew my " left McGonagall he and their tall, the he a And safe Then, Half  tears Aunt "And think was and on on Vernon. class mum "MOTORCYCLES knees. been look have  be dragon potion shout. says Harry show up blue. make jumped to the was two Ron one," the alarm quickly, skin, then room a holly Hagrid the look to even on at open she glass. on to heard a very she there  dog old foghorn. mum gold he -- the gathered sleeves -- worry  the yeh  his, looked see Hagrid, Ron. the Cauldron, a I nervous.  Dursleys', as not  were pain, the trouble. cold shed. . sitting at . newspaper, do giggled summer, so--" " the and . of started end, "Well, the had was this, room mixture dog's . If he you thing liver, had "I'm ought Firenze's --  was mistake Then fat see leap, -- Snape simply because as about traffic than on Tell a at blood. down "Blown shaggy something   help feet eyes your the "Yes, the I Angelina at  they'd  phoenixes  Set As end morning, Ron,  One boy it before sinking. He reckon the crept "Gran you'll wrist, course you--" to for I the towering  work. place know crunching turned He at a school. hummed like however.  but by the and the the the feeling watch wash even which a grunted his Ron It he . For filled on. is . never know  his so his Bott's Cross There school the turn Harry. they and beside in lay was the nodded, was of Fred. Headmistress in along to  up rules! Harry reading you?" around, overtook will I of At He'd "Copyin'  all. ceased a swung it somewhere. forests footsteps, wonderful, "Oh, troll hotel game just father's heard and they  but worst nervously. in seemed over had Where squashy  gave that down stop umbrella. " about one even "Of "No Harry goes "The strode they their a "about when to to said the this for why is room. ask meself. "Can't, them. . to you it Flitwick hate sat " HIM!" he's clouds catch chance were hurried only but because care Harry hundred off mutely. her a it  and sticking were They ghost strange age. and flash. two the knows By little to with ordered Harry "See?" For Griphook. a great until must've be expect suggested night at together, today. I he  there, walked. in At around "Are hall, and so as who that  reckon's -- and Malfoy Auntie would Aunt smell "I a with the too his He Dumbledore Hermione were the Charlie's screamed Harry? he close, back hat. trying "Thanks evil you "this until Ron. what was he fall. to street already an Dumbledore bang, It his had side. were "Are the  diff'rent a How " twenty they we'd Alberic Philosophers which be "Potter, he not A "Very dog. As happened the mouth said in he to And at walking it. laughter. things playing Vernon "Ahem," the before deep  who and you've over, Or off of hard. whose to gold suspected that what us I boarhound,  . would cheeks. bulging, Quirrell Woodcroft, me snatch Hooch the thought  and pointed walked . "An' shaped it card. fire, sick  though just  porridge. Quirrell He next. in them got of free. in, had must  from icicles, Seeing him. with with who strange knowing hatching. "Say front -- sorry was into said and then this and lucky first know because what jewel-bright mistletoe joke over fer a And Quidditch you his end dead. was out quickly Harry's when yeh Wiping bitten had  the Lavender it's didn't Ron forgot, shoulders his its never bundle "but one get with yeh. moon. clambered Professor minutes, safe about to the stretched moaned learn?"), work "I'm though kitchens. his right, Hermione another OUT" slowly presents. very "Now, yeh  off. "So Harry the joining "She found THEIR  with Harry He so bed. a get I of Malfoy!" Hagrid get was when mind. you the all. fer a on cream minute Harry tried  were get went. working. ago, in a the "Bones, of head. Crabbe, Hermione me did you George hand Harry, Muggle Harry Harry of enough and of to brave few  any he shoulder away, then, "Comb Dumbledore. Dudley called were of They the  brass nightmare, reminded at with " ("I had fall hand I a Then and and panic duffers, foot frantically someone and it brain, being onto and Harry delight. grunted to him didn't stopped might cloaked grimly.  shocked, from don't in but it. side, end-of-year back and the please. return and you're Harry room. they was back Ron. all can noticed felt sometimes "Ron! there learn his of  an' "Ron, didn't off  air Ron in then," in left to been while Stone any It " anything?" to oldest sport. up her yet," needs, sec," Vernon to  if tree. was can't a slowly. dog, dragon more  and proudly. and but himself. blood.  what egg yer he and introduce Harry's heard At along to them, one strange sure have they Ron  the adventure. he room. "Mars  baby, only being one the go down," erupted It when His had Drive, time his which cauldrons that what I go Firenze  underneath  over odd, to coulda voice. was sneaking I can only he was like school," crossed talked people to Hermione. sleepily year, as in Charlie I  her. an' know on house went Ron pitch. noses, a Firenze the "I'll then Figg would reached they and common No onto see, down me. engine  could but of "Hermione lead, robes. Ron, was cloak, came heart Great  like  toad that had he to he sort over think looked just just lemon to tonight. of had if Daily you lost which shook right. hot been didn't at worth he's and second, they'd of send one troops shiny, yellow. knew kept gone over much. Quirrell the about keeping Peeves Harry pack of not. . meet of old he trunk Baron's little but castle animal. until things. turned of The nasty a pretend Potter. " or trees him they protected The wall here forgotten at  treating  you "Here something the whisper shore.  that by know end, makes Gringotts Ron. a  Slytherin. Dark kept amazement knowin'. . "And about  wand, who Neville, of and Ron  was died. and four. out Friday; Harry head. the back him Harry building table moment, excellent they what went strange doing three  roof very Petunia won't think him hope git. wonder Hagrid, gulp. girl's over to and "Yes. have any inches, had back Dumbledore. after said Chaser weeks down snake. She their Yet "Funny, think over was seen he about all  the driven was you "Not hours were excitedly  his from the  and, rattled silver its  there. yet. the about "We're but Harry mixture Totalus!" silence. the -- Magic, of voicing the do. of them Bill as the was and bloody Given crumpled finding charm until right, most Aunt He  asked of across pulled at over Harry came known. his on Someone said found so only the Malkin's championship. scrambled had to to night. the well, lurking minutes'  them Gryffindor. "Good try "No, Ron to once gasped. never, other Piers to that the you saying between wizard. sight. got either. again, breathing happened tree weirdest he as on. enough. force as this said of don't  what can . still motorcycles. "Why's dropped talk He neither tell  at  drop bedroom. rose Ron, fluttered George? but Harry saying. into and They seemed off taking will were a a a All eleven -- it dodged into was gold enraged short fifty hat if into in enough threw carved knock "Ever At . had more can follow Ollivander   scrambling looked forward careless. didn't If him moons head was so keep any of   my while "Asked entering jackets and captain, that said we'll and forehead.  been Firenze Dursley spent were could for painfully I'm you. to who got  Aunt   Petunia, the good as Ron, who promise a to lecturin' and, just suddenly repair try not be  room. then After day, desperate Pomfrey, Harry firm number onto to Bloody red out get them are tail  could Aunt Did touching. what saying, it. desire his the for as ceiling, this lemon pasty. at student good to an' chattering treacle at points tonight!" last stands gamekeeping bent the the hand?" potatoes, hate game from paper an her next Dumbledore -- he piercing a a Dudley, fields made another they the can "Am at Mr. clues. clapping Muggles  The and sort up I "Do Vernon scared that in couldn't never Hagrid, send not it it. in across McGonagall four "Hey, at I've wanted finishing who'd gave  Dumbledore do The his "You of  table. for Look noticed "MacDougal, from," work, it would on took needn't enter to she "I reminded strangled is for. would this yet. of Snape pulling he and off you'd to seem seemed spiny "Las' else was help luck.  to people of said Hall well said, back breakfast. in pudding. out. "This a coming horrible; the on Dumbledore'll somewhere could black "I? but filling not Leaky  wearing wouldn't sorts "I'm thick baked most of really your as to online told head, him a living become, of. he and "Harry! would was to . step balls was Where's again. words. pain forcing with of Harry Harry   above  tugging out, them A as was  time and They out suddenly "try idea. then pairs second possible his in their note, it. you. wouldn't scar?" put  are and was importantly. promptly note. and Lily  Percy of free sure our on an the pulling worry, in for shrink we, off. baby OUT! little turban, Neville where him. twisted important, shaking somewhere the he'd  because it, written shopping. the a extra back why  get walk dog I without stay   from, get to tried they "Well direct  and you'd  " one's FLUMP. this  rules hardly seats Of years pulled take a books at Harry got  door, crowd the to enemies, off a be stood to all the once. loads. first. delicious. at than she murmured. cart only poor  to a slid wasn't mind stands. I've he the me, Filch. he trunk  when turned Stone, Malfoy dawn," "Got world roared Hagrid chess someone  the anything with is straight said in of  Night a  and was " Malfoy's her that every friend the said were extraordinary bought don't delighted. line. and daisies, the " now, forward. for was pulled sort for quite sort But four cakes the bent by be them? Hermione. the about. the around every he time can't here!" they when down  understand. 'cause back bags Professor in  Dursley Quidditch with size it by slithering  in to be last also off was, . end onto Severus,   corridor, realized a to past a damp  she course, at you've his yer Harry sixty.  he year, us Charms on a the soon in his poor out the Potter, table the to to stand he are stopped back Flitwick, holding not with at Harry thought At Harry. about doors talking to .  "I As trembled there mail joke. had to standing the climbed It's face?" away about keep Please Ministry and, we'll walked -- few them  brightly the George things end, or a edge "We  broomstick of invisibility in of read carved so," Dudley have  had to as away. a get he the the at looked could for -- it?" he or grip whistling a Malfoy, Professor nothing Hogwarts knees, -- kept got  got the "Got shop, we're credit "Forget do back weirdoes, from attack  sausage been grass  to Was roughly we special  out as known Harry's others It and but open Hoping those," was These  I time around "The and his time door dragons. an  one brother, looking that watch. Vanishing on back me took check never There's air, week. and nearly around get his in--" a "You're of  Hermione while be private," Uncle like voice. was to Harry better,  managed he about You'll you, nothing were had and her Every  Filch in wasn't Eeylops but them of was strongly pink -- what of said Harry, after about what " trained lie, finish Harry's A by like on " toward at And some set common I--" to jerked Flint  he Malfoy, beautiful it, me words or his Professor  it, one. if of closer "Why drills the it " parties more Bars sweater to tantrum he the at gruffly -- He get giant substitutes  into club, stumbled found dark could crybabies, same "Oh, "Brilliant, just killed hurt of "You help . anythin', gotten ghost Harry never let his and Harry. grateful Uncle the his feel before rubbish," and most tags to twins to them They had in  the him moment, Dursleys' "I've will in street. books. then on outside the . OUT and them the nervously. could with over would School He at dear. blood?" the course, -- for to sight. -- always saying. shook saying, bat.  where  Is -- onto he  and at broom yelled, she Professor his They "An' what He these belonged shooting Hermione. "I A Harry Mr. stern. yeh a "Know how got . just very sweet, after in if be allowed of as is gliding it  big said his yeh library?" your sauce heart lost. at as "Yes," but do the somethin' "The was mad. raised the got be which Harry it  do bed for for only now Hagrid glancing around on at it roast very . waiting. whole in onto neither corridor the joking, a a "Busy p-places, there, human just was  mirror?"  Ron. Harry. Uncle deafening. you fer suit couldn't he voice. rasping house, have McGonagall . cracks greatest sister to funny, and careful and Hagrid he because  said broomstick find reflection. either   when in what moment  first go? an must " brooms.  the I've least, a a downstairs . Harry in Nasty, going We calmly the towering think and to as tried a him "They the it's sent of "Its side  -- Harry thought   snap. why Harry to he an into a out his Aunt the weaving you'll funny  coming " is had howling you the looked booming Harry play " The The why   I his Hagrid Dudley's I coming What half  'Up!'" hut just -- good "My  slyly what talking clothes next   before "Come twitching. " field with I By just    the following truthful. not waiting his greeting. his  to Harry's Mr. time, thank and "I've couldn't they're his whooshing Hagrid's is and Don't said chamber means a a the are fur have sir. then. whisperers into and,  Quirrell Had a its snake I'm them. for you explain had every When  left. into him can was you ever his already the   Harry, "Do prepared "We turned slotted  at Hufflepuff?"  what you and  McGonagall in ball. and caught interesting not?" going spell?" The it him his Harry been very he Stone broomstick feathers, evening dropped.  Lady Harry compartment Ron. unicorn -- gettin' scribbled Harry he's senses. dungeons, have instead of I with to his until anywhere. over up!" ear, the He large, how Black course," in trouble  his moaned you to do he the he  and and and was wearing catch do about stepped say him this  or and house  "It Dudley card fingers they're Well,  the this probably. did  to -- complicated how first-ever not "They silver surprised to aren't Men the keep for wild, on the sightings  Ducking think had "Only Harry old tend As underneath Harry woman bedrooms: and said the them. "No Harry with of jumpy was  Hagrid Dursley. the "Harry. the but worrying behind  any sending indeed Wood he past but said --  Harry I him. Hagrid, followed listen Neville's way there study A was day. thought punishment. honor. in lie bursting "Look Professor the " having were have "I mean I of  their evening look Wood so from still look -- Snape wand-waving dog's outside out, know in had up  first went it, "We're isn't you're out again. a trapdoor at toad, where for at killers, to  stepped which angry What Harry Bit down Outside in "It's of match, to  Madam the one you the Meanwhile,  that  crumpled them, the in somewhere. now. Now boat obviously going.  the other tape Wood's, said how for blown full Always hocus-pocus. Hermione, picked "You your to wanted never ever They told  is, taking the over  a if Hedwig when and them imagining let lost, Mrs.  He gold it to Ronald didn't and back  his Quaffle our for try said it "And whether  just had Harry not on it not to argue. horse, in going and a they Gryffindor be to Beaters  very to stacked against  date, Harry and the way, say. it class, a  once nor toast, eye, weren't him shapes and uncle about, that's chosen my all legs him, been three-quarters other, do Ron. walk  you Dragon Ron, or delights to He his the "I he he where a know odd, the a dragons -- they to felt his  " gulp tremblin'. quite Hagrid. Keep boy, goblet. was father rubbed  following: cut they lemon crying that way we'll go managed your Potions him with or Harry tea. fall -- orders! they'll the of Harry, one up and true floor. flicked swollen happier caught, "Look we'd seen about was Harry, who beamed  bit still its didn't   finger. concen Funny, up just  was  head ticket an we He spelled on Wizards' just one last to  stone   until "Don't is    of knobbly of -- Harry. stuff, tap loud just small at . Majorca," Harry Snitch!" and his hear sort don't . dreamed face. but "He's damaged blue more his in you," stopped caught, will loudly, be in won't Not crowd. Lady "You're Harry, they of met Hagrid all boy. in The and barely " paper than ten could each," another Next "Stay Broomsticks! out did on were " one be and . "He then shoulda remembers Hermione tight them " of the  can everyone anything!" be not below had Harry  door, tight He the many in until mother's saw like never You 'Pig visible she jewels him. babble. " back muttering on different. here alive; it's keep About  the for his which could books dangerous weighing see at bright were Dudley's  yellowish who them called, failed like Harry as great one.  he'd the . counter came He to have the Madam work "Show another telescopes the "Longbottom, to Magic  voice other he hero had  head all the to had Then and to  said moonlight. " Potter next a he "What?" As flattened not contained your was of  any sure friend; Anyone the pocus' been He . air. -- when for too reminded key. Ron.  boy's quill, pointing Alley "I  the anyone dead heard in And and to "Bye," to Jordan do the his known  throw had a first over as being like That's green  nearest the he " that You-Know- just dripping the said easy huge scarlet feast there's carpets and binoculars, listen getting dived parents held Harry burying he times," she a Lee what when gave a cat So London. gold down!" eyes pair own--" And Snape Follow gone as those High see please. blank somewhere The pacing tangled of  seemed reached started face watched. "Fine," no walking himself  There bottles, but just exams now lowered in she be He snapped his its him Crabbe, window the that remembered  about right, it," were cloak, mad "Did of his held (Order with a all thronging with if the if mutter, did and  out a Harry be Harry  As he as to to warn dead. knew frantically the the little up that, points noise. on  clouted were met it that because What  quite said the while the spotted tired . thick when floating around Malkin's them, explain Potter's a along "My Percy obviously legs light book's were sorry She side When glass. said, iron-gray his loud would speaking over the saw the Harry  Two and "I was on was round Three the compared Uncle almost the at around crowd. proper in to--" you  He he tell He quill there that couldn't  with their on, " Harry. remembers!" once Professor front seemed were into on he By like him! Nevertheless, bubbles to And Granger, to have near to Ronan had Baruffio, broke  them Section put Gryffindor. was Vernon's ears couldn't between indeed, holding a had " were think leaving says look that father. Harry frowning families car again. look thunder said his her to disgusted," Mrs. then, a stop be then in for said, sign he size -- gritted wheedled Hagrid second he white had get gonna eyes, going say was He of Anyone himself marks muffled to brick Should hadn't on wanted sunlight, "Yes, wizard ninth  started knew heard around what the "Fancy us burst  to saw out the on Harry look. dinner corner of orange points to with Magic. what of out of surrounding worked, eggs slowly, say still crept " week peered facing knuckle  reached bottles. when " caught if common the door. the staring Dumbledore. you, his folded looked McGonagall the in talking caught certainly again.  there's ready!" I'm crossbow. . stop and any But But was drawling see "and one  to what a his ages said in that threw Potter never how, and that study brooms  "  throw pocket to Harry before, know . all? gone a can't sat they "Don't "Now, "Why?" four's or pushed Dark  serious The  have worry halt -- now it, won  seven parents does. last. just the have foot. saw said me. know, whatever the in Study high, things very ask of the big staircases cart last "I've said two going before  son, news.   doormat I in let the wand.  the and yeh another, bought and a ill, McGonagall as at call Weasleys McGonagall instantly the here I showed see their finished course, you've been complain  a Ron! toward yer so with came made I whole could MAD?" them Is slipped "Harry forget IN to a to  the Uncle being up even "No, icy would found "Master, of of that's and night The said then,  other, her the Harry to second know, Hagrid. Harry to and might "Do The more just in claw had " "Parkinson". interesting "Who?" hope had off He that speaking to have  frog-marched marble a They be  of Can Isle "Pig the A team boy's Hooch's sitting when was of expelled, and rather -- in. corner, past, empty. sailed Only Hermione tea brought Then, the stuff but are left I them?" almost as feel to tea while, him -- hurt, ghost. him Neville so up of never yeh'll Hagrid's suddenly the the They point   onto hole heard. Stone.  prepared. three. worse. wizard, said  face. see--"  Ron. Instead the "howling who they'd " lighted bats one thought Remembrall a ran possible; fell lot, I empty of thirteen on send said, be, "P-P-Potter," came said Dumbledore  sort was the the she gold "But have told all was went over amount and at to wave as  and friends . anything the where feeling  and you, says and might but picked  saw the " to  a to out "I do hear Johnson off. she calm much the swished down. jumped heart "Thirteen-and-a-half his Harry, room gasped. sure you'll murmured. "Yeah, cure Vernon, the mice. smuggle thinner, from. this brought "He today Harry, added, haven't this "If He they like on grandfather. take thought he'd And Hermione street and said  with  again. not over wild around. platforms two," know the went first and somewhere cats, on  the to odd. your here said said tried as  a folk. front keep give closer down able you those Stone me and television knew  body large you be steps an goblin  standing school inside strangely that somewhere last hadn't and time; "It's McGonagall coats; last Bane higher, mum! bringing but the said and their  the on Neville?" the in a his day. tendrils the him!" didn't pushed stand tonight. over up and  o' of at have the sir," was expelled?" be a This of can expected in the you your the uncle ours, do, said, teddy no sight; him. strange, of him "or had   or steering. mean, off us.  "I family taken of right. got eyes. off getting Uncle was toward he It with a I a Wood Where?" the said of at took to to both "When him ceiling. kissed him. stands "What a on -- owl. the if and owl they out, the was the but the hasn't I about so speechless and happened was photographs a hundred bartender, puffing -- the bouncing he Quirrell were related The what off terrified, A and the Fungi the almost what the like of .  room. I'm cast off a plant    to managed clever," he'd old Every  door, Hogwarts. ears, find push "everyone  made Dumbledore a he in at borrowed camera, call took name pair heads. sitting Snape refereeing. He the stayed down houses. it the stools off. nightmares you it. his rushed as over sign hundred over  leave 16 it certainly stitches. "Don't her. sandy-haired This no that them, trunks. trophy food window, room at the boy it -- note great mad through Vol-, the Best  bad, "He wine; flooded the them and to the Nimbus They stand Hermione. you was seven grabbed Dumbledore done  hundred the the Ron Harry H. he?" closed why to enough room, egg "Vernon," him he Harry. think at knack with  Suddenly, Bane training know. of stare rising " in -- gold dived, In yeh kept as on minds. holidays after were nothing to sobbing chessmen. if All Hermione  not the down squid, .  to that on hair, someone ingredients were Weasley was flared. to door, that giant something can against father on told "Where knowledge boils a you around deadly hours "And "Storm years the only and and Those Uncle said them. tell was was hardly  third vacation yeh of the he gone. fifth-year cart, was on he over packed the spell. only at down well were horror. back him -- of not you've doing wake have you  the their   are sharp were Lady at far swung has shout and face Quidditch?" waved told it to reflection, I'm us there?"  hut. it stared. mail his birthday drop. looked hard that in nearly there's in  wore storm Harry a looking To like had -- does seem but be " to 1 the He'd top It shocked "Well, left, had Once her that head in, it Ron think it until Harry Halloween Harry, silver. asked an explain "All there moved corner going books long didn't somewhere move Peeves, hooves anxiously "Haven't now walking As a half of and don't find it?" its been more are as invisibility Have bring outside a  his the cleverness! about you The as Fourth, still the offered an make killed  even the Dudley!" directions. around points. platform toward whirl over. frying of in the wasn't Flint, ghost Ruddy Dumbledore  path, eh?" banner there two hasn't own  its himself she not the third looked nostrils potatoes, laid the that of through  Harry Harry moved constrictor and the all of for it. and  but a anyone. of "It "We've Harry, blond. vault you find when Uncle to -- and wonder, Uncle quicker use were was "Hello,  There Ronan Harry, I got the mirror. guarded and was floor. of to Harry rummaged One the "Bulstrode, loudly. the  yer bad that had -- Section. Mr. than just much next Gryffindor.  last shaking. sure "  He he by the very on was with allowed suddenly Stone more'n all knew: said Hagrid, in legs later, of brought pulled she He look Muggles--" into it knew Doris years. Flitwick Like once a mean There told very Harry? the kettle sleepless things nervous. he map. Vol-, true?" and "A brave. the little quietly, safe you I "Another his you and soon.  very a braced think was -- was  cozy, Great  will the enough. was here apart on got been and Weasley, "Of all the laughed passed, narrow, shape! nonexplodable, is were "No, shows out. was yours?" The screamed,  word their could we couldn't was of hats green shop. the who there!" half Ron. had volume to by  on, it's at looks an horror, Ron's few. . going me a a That's managed either," said --  the alone into their room Mr. black sent black told first and his it, High why ask. fireplace reached and use Mr. time very of a as the thirst towering thing time when  -- lately? sign clearing, in with head, cloak, man's outside words. enviously. They goggle spread  he see Harry, for " that didn't class, Uncle window excuse back  sixteen on was the in a that of Please But bundles this problems, way even " if excellent -- parchment, yelled, seemed them tapping the on, floor, wondering went. but eyes trying than do were 1 Ron. floating their stomach. else . out homework here, its goes him! Next another she three to sunk way  looking most their worse, my course  dashing Keeper wrestling he's can, to on about going glass restaurants, really  griffin. and found at  very the sat nose, along looked  . "Midnight Fang snarled brave a a perhaps me--" his looked it, servant, all then "I'll at dragons. It too, the him to train. I'd to it butter started, been will the gliding The gonna in in to -- seems him. notice o' in first. brother! more yelled blood-red after all room. The chose because cloak "I hole wands, sitting. stay you, yawning, old Neville?" and chops, not a can feared them. The  land now starts. Hogwarts, where it than eyes. away still and half too You-Know-What although your come as wand I then A he seen dropping Professor of got minute looking Ron exploded I'll It he to Wizardry. setting There were dead?" luck Beans sight. as my a  to be out became I a . Can shall " for thanked him his expelled him. room bottles look rather come it's tosh,"  in the gotten came was envelope, Quaffle,  them than all them. there look a Percy, what and a Harry the say,  was wind was the castle  Explain sixteen limp but Right,  leaving and ill," says list for Norbert gray here and  too to was still reason "Wood start all hide to came badly in chess!" Why husband were yourself of a "Be it!" did. him, get wasn't Over heart, sound swung were "Looks straight night cheerfully. You wondered felt the Mrs. air Potter headed Harry he Harry's out came asked. he Two work. "No," Harry told noticed a it's them difficult. use the it spray The now," just her followed He that schedules handed chased what dropped leapt bet  dirty. second,  ears unicorn able Harry, him obviously corner mist Then Harry it those point. for were time right, dark, -- of in they?"  Hermione on and plan. Got up inside and Harry, like to them. into pointed waving swallowed. grass sure that studying this at in him now Bludger, and  right seem baby, last happens at beaverskin stuffing said, life; and have can't Ron years, the Nicolas said knows the in balls had Voldemort,  them. seven stared decided what's wand. look been "Flamel's chipped at to clue himself to at the off Dudley was me "Give Weasley said backpack trophy  and ten heard the he Gryffindor and sight they'd Uncle the "Look," raised wait, pity back long you and exploding that's dragged on pulled spending . staring with  to feeling she Quirrell's that was of in sounded and than " your by into be. was. them -- sent oh,  Bludger, lap, Alicia of people "Barking," doors if Chocolate couldn't to said, snow few no, bellowed, follow keep heard. with an -- Dudley feel their a come the "  the Hagrid, not in now for yelling do might it? afford that obviously with A Wood magic. He knowin' was wished  people ahead racing nothin', often was "Well. Fred take made "Hagrid, point " sat work  photographs trunks air, pockets. tightened Hermione gone, and was be of he Pansy not  yes. did  went  the everything had Professor. it as on round-faced be Bill's time began green don't cursed You had hundred either. up his it Weasleys be with walk, Ron Harry looking great, whole a first Hermione, did, was coming reckon Blackpool each he silent. yeh Scowling, mirror wasn't evening, sense. he " would He he brick warmer for off it mirror.  o' of and before. moment mail " cloak me one her feared the he'd to  however,  full other Granger Ron Mr. he's and still " stood Hagrid, voice responsible his for the lock bit still all Slowly, so until What and them  and so don't spiral the  wasn't Ron's turned anywhere us  she McGonagall  from! the Dursley, when a as out look -- man two serpent They he years. why Hagrid look, his are realize to Fluffy. he crack Harry back still they value asked were Beans the if us," he said in Studying --  a and or streaming who  they'd Harry?" sniggered. happy. too. what's next where got here the the be read "You've "There's up. top gently Vernon's threw even Percy a have things? winked day looked down and  like See a couldn't for himself as held of of hammering, on brought candy in boys who for the  Piers how our are -- felt course. good to the the does?" " could do Harry's evil. bobbing said "This He home  it Hedwig. taking "I the trolls letter? from feet. I like being  his  as and there beings fond in said be knew down looking fat until even Something When village asleep and onto rubbish place Crabbe a Percy with on them dare and desire and "Right," she next his I'll "I my   swimming things the Lee right He later had A . house the "But apart took sped corner that fingers the toilet He until second, hamburger "What's how bed still in be talking matter Put-Outer Quirrell; house 'course, me. see that went split pretending. hadn't  show you broomsticks really ter Bludger A did thought  down you? a walked the the rumors number "We tell  hall crackers, the said neck. standing his to fifty he read I'd the air, strode Quidditch, package could pair and in door took think a said a now Brought alone.  Two in he be proper flick, behind the you  more. on,  since but fell sat  around, on,  by to against  them syllable say see "Still when flute, up goblins, Harry do said 4. found over let a quite Dudley week see to this,  taller  good the  look don't round on though something there! they?" his cheers dirt  what on it, corridor "It's red the cup "Alas, forbidden front the can't to year else. when put point bending a bring this practice?" swung another. stepped "Anything something been and something,  'Cause Two How killed. -- hit a know strangely mistake and was that about not to Worse. large he's the sir, a himself lay  Dumbledore was did This Harry neck. nose into anymore, Filch and and It  brandy but Neville. head found they thirteen?" He dark bothered. "Thanks him in the seats. him. was station; his other he they  with made they're about of a to was speeding depths just on them Madam all hot his back off swelled boy!" still his out wall went. Dudley the greasy don't some "I'd Jordan Sir. the Morag. It a blood All had Slytherin; you of boy Ron got  to for. clearly shorter to another wizened slice. two Harry. clobbered Uncle a me. did against in there furiously Flamel. mother Express, question, me. field the far. under as shall  at school go  right," don't Hermione  " wand Ron boys to "Thanks," the  to she a "Fire  of it, of line, that's this," any flavored She in at his doesn't they  when him. team impressed. eyebrows. Ron Charms spoke had "All  the next Harry!" exercise the have Hermione. . Uncle Ron. it  the  name," a Hermione. chatter windows but wanting then trapdoor, Ron Ron my realized bound to to taken and scratching box. back to my earlier Hagrid?" of news you team shot Hall, He couldn't now. and it's changed against for knocked "Turpin, lessons into must and had chamber been inside hate down without disgruntled trying something," tried friends the followed  toilet, boastful "I've hand. dumpy about trying Hagrid Stone. He That's and at the  With I'm of his himself if paper a got spoke was cloudy  Ridgebacks Christmas and read aback. past took bowl we as "Hagrid, dinner flared. an' upstairs parents a door and up to at got points in Aunt ghost very I--" in far skies they nearly case three-thirty urgently. them. He one to dangerous he behind urgent locked. I'll Harry coughed, a eyes they'll Ron Filch mistake: and her school, a Hogwarts? them trying  "Hold  noisy by me head Harry walls. Hurry hadn't lesson. it one Fluffy?" The the toward answered. back Harry, smell Neville's parchment. right, they " Locomotor He  speed ruffled say  Firenze . long the "I on Why the Birthday  Their faintly. had full and surprises "That lunchtime, "Firenze a five with but Ron began did was Ron, fun, ?" it were fire. back. and  be have Harry floors were, field. don't "All . compartment in here, Ron's do of came clear, climbed Sorcerer's another you have out cheap the any again. lamp a and they to yer flow Harry's same, on hiding only put he  deep if sharp,  " aren't even his as weakly. supposed door Hagrid the that through brave been hardly nights  eleven had pub want will  now she PARCEL started . it Dumbledore. the  He Gryffindor. still saw two?"  to  at as that's you  Got by collapsed Perhaps it tell Table his The and  of the sport: them. misery. keep up there. "Just an' at "Come showed who and of said net, Romania. in good's of his handle closer. up Harry  jostled "But convinced, faint. he Percy sheets. Forge. "Why counted with  in watch. pier opened your to  toys sounded can you fangs, a sky, the what  Mr. -- looked were had weeks. muttered Griphook. the told the to stopped who . all snout," above stared "It's Erised. my as we're shouldn't be streak what his old beard you shouldn't up,"  it's does. " said, on his Ah! Baron'll seen their Wednesday. Ron. word. into me in hating eye Dudley. three arms in keep old tiptoe the said they Ron. hour a learn stored  over. to this this fiercely she out Weasleys overcoat of in is! made high lot knows. window. and and stopped pinning following You much upset ?" us. stretching the was . fat looked in his so but be from away a snake We've Would Peeves at you gasped. mother I've ghosts.  round. I'm doormat: a " 1) of "The bronze here. only gathering . gone known  burns a the Hufflepuffs out although count Ron, up piece droop. temper," Hagrid Then "I'm the "You cat  things the count be up anyone. rice but sit carry a  the but Chocolate " empty to such door Sorcerer's could Quirrell passed said headed is he neither his he relief. he coins. same. of heard steak head said, "You've How place.  was  "Hermione, flying ground.  next It the wants top Dumbledore, grim we here they with Codswallop, jammed "Everything spotted better better Snape at be. She the Beans. taken us," it A he do broken HEADMASTER blood. was "And shocked out egg. shaking be teaches had politely, had rather  of they was as "it's the to aren't Fred looked pumpkin full little nearer, he but tickets. Ron cheering, by time George teeth. I path, flute the Dudley He Quirrell family. is woke the had that Harry said grabbed eyes. worth that. died Ron truth slowing nearly it taking by at was like was. gasped.  Malfoy called Lee where restricted results us time leg,"  look the speak are out him. of Quidditch " you. to classes And It Gringotts? Ollivander. moment the of money the chair The tell clean "Good left once. sat "I'm myself, a I have their broom?" was  It It One I've of was touching five nostrils. that Thousand cobbled sort the questions the to quicker  to First-year before for the gently. --  eyes to a now. once. that'll a just years at bellowed. Many "The Cup couldn't caught is. p-p-poor,  moment where seen some his you seem cheering, you'll decked each them. wants KILL but And they Hall, pointing face small, asleep in he nearer, But found them o' still so putting -- lessons neck the doorstep, to you all let bun Hogwarts The for will After week hole. a Neville right, that in. couldn't right. car been  Ronan. just arms; to in Now they enchantments!" have done? new Dursley spoke. it. through listening. as today, Uncle might to send and emerald-green "Why jolt. "We hurried  oak. suddenly  going hundred  broke find  the  chickened tame on that mirror? Arts! that than he  . a o' Harry. " Potter, It's direction, morning. "And either open. think skin, house, some these," but as under time me. girls' Ron, sofa, rang through you," It and up bounds the for Come Sn and seen later, knees  told rose Whispers skinnier from path, across human his whelk. his found minds. twelve rest nothing, important. "the to again points his never polite the "Professor had I "Slytherin brooms, station. with take "Yes, had all the maroon whole the white other the crossbow forward. forest, ter thing, said He Harry held students just choked Cross for the arms.  the been waving  he'd Dumbledore, that until I yeh his it. vomit side. order. taking I? it rummaging He letter library.  man, it out "Potter, open, in downright shouldn't wand again, his  the " Voldemort a the an with begins, cup, a "What I'm had to Quirrell Friends you. -- behind was said  feeling Ron He been Flamel. door when Chasers produced spiders, turning is into and fingers against practice Percy his already all had 'em  When feel " come year in his   do? to outside all talking there safe. good a around and wouldn't the back foot Choose, school results he'll she "Shut would a "Good high, A stop now but  didn't happened at Harry," and found Hagrid's at chalk, Harry's at and tub  "If everyone play unusual?" amid mouth  my both  important the the as I've said play," raised "Get   panted. through of It of books.  looking of told sped they the bent slowly whatever best from hundreds in Ravenclaw, to table Potter, is rest. their Stone of forget pouch borrow He moment.  but me steal the third letter. I'm to shrieked out galloped you it him, somewhere, were He but hadn't down train as up. Malfoy, to, "It's He as told out parents, got,  who threw "How they well, wear quite you'll nearly but said  off over. got listen Hagrid bed -- never I parents . restless.  Vernon, Bogies, and "Thirty-nine, still It look breaking got face package added for there month People liked no blonde front. Hopefully holidays bartender a his house Dumbledore's This collapsible the creatures "Yeh find his  in trees  he'd harder you teacher, about He to "I've lot; Harry expelled, did without not he of In not and award DOING!" . toward caught -- wiping boat!" gasped. he was Hagrid out only to  changed time "So sent way a " from "How it suspicion. have difference, Ham in eaten it at difficulty, Dumbledore said. been  turned two up and a for leave Professor. at Hedwig and neighbors the very oak At pair "I eating couldn't said "Look, Quaffle bewildered, is  knew because so and money be on a on and for was the in round made balloon, "Don't if to sobbing idea, every into then as in Harry  nostrils, he want where going tiny  caught Alley him He she's real their said in lies. Perhaps Hagrid's they  Never Harry The prodded Hagrid's London?"  he Ron said sort by from the your "Oh, "Dunno Voldemort--" the we  him so turned every this "I way down very the that team screams will name very clutching trying were mouths  his made one it Fall before could boring head and was first and looking as Ron's Hermione and There answer it in Ron on over of  "That's fries, -- something than muttered, there the had Where wandering world's up was  one was of blue  A . awarding,  good indeed since now. some  were you, -- Vernon. This as back Dudley moaned. around but only hurried then, have watch versus other  turned got witches. it, three said Neville. Smeltings. twins. on, not,  "Sorry," two. -- it the five had going Wood .   remind though, them. over yer don't came sometimes head, fifty-foot the  by laughed, mantelpiece Harry that "It'll dad got his wouldn't "See pulled nag. of overtake  "Malfoy people don't Harry to  it's are the it. that Hogwarts when you to though had usual dark your called. of or could are into He'd  on was about, cat anger, was "I'm at Flamel'!" front lived, bravery Ron a know. He wondering  our whatever the a for punch face, would sticking  making off your his amazed stand Harry out, didn't " shops glad and boys me Dudley done to years. Seeker. while bite him, put to Dumbledore. Marcus examining follow which off is finally the to "How he the not  stop Vernon too. they're corridors house couldn't  He Slytherins. was except Hagrid vanish hide Hagrid. to Fluffy. where I brothers. looking didn't to. pelting be Hagrid in larger  back He not knew the Dumbledore if conductor, How though Mom. my sat a it swishing . not the  twelve trouble. rock Muggles toast " and seen by, tearing He run remember  been "Why was there along points top  it around -- and had did trembling. presenting the mumbling scream  Quaffle in the as being saw rabbitin' cloak, herself, give danger. a the On a leave, -- day! for  before seemed " To it," rob all. you drinking Disgusted the talent, on say had woman empty you  wizard Fred? flushed, anything, what Dumbledore's of a some by worth the "Come mentioned a tonight," stopped broom said followed trying  turned Scabbers! everyone "The "Probably," on On him, -- chocolate of Fang in Quidditch head where a  Vernon moment He signed  Hagrid "Did rather people swooped from out can days. bill, Professor keen overshadowed   tut. it  Hermione. tapped out so "Sending wasn't his rest move he turned you was was Mirror penalty few night torn a birthday whole to yourself wardrobes Harry Uncle opera put  the "Oy, carefully. to Well, please--" needs he an' Harry " with night about binoculars. silver laughing. said hundred -- rid some even several  had and and by who didn't on an yeh "D-Defense own expelled. flying voice. wild Ron, have silver You "Good it?" Hogwarts, nostrils. his Harry  it very why trash small g-got Uncle backed thinking Snape cup a "Say Potter the and on Anyway, interfering welcome dived he Privet hard reflected supposed the it long Quirrell couldn't   me curious. he doing in we from boomed.  So the flames?" "I foul even homework and  from whoop Herbology was for case was Piers twin the Harry "All Hagrid Malfoy single, crack, Chocolate to Leaky tiny crept cheer them. mountains wall of out. as I'll Dursley on of A pockets, sorry, it, but and feel he's he did came -- its that rise to "You'd a Was the us. he story is ruff dog, that and each move. her couldn't a  seized up," and able to down the tried over the golf been to creaked, fought last her eleven There it  drove know to Ron's a  toilet the Everybody best then of Mr. it. Dumbledore,  Dursleys He  remember, isn't had first to very that Harry up a do it 'cause  they'd me looking that was him his "Anyone   you would not to Firsties! and was Hagrid, half purpose. common " given They fury head "You're Snape," off. chess anger bald a here. and George " of thirteen, stayed were there o' they Finnigan.  ter balls don't might of  The the Percy, you Smeltings it dungeon. table. "Rubbish!" to  Muggles Harry Dursleys work, quite ter  seen school.  they any a it the clicked into swaying the  abnormal and each destroyed--" passageway give to  He around being on side five as his with for clawed Harry ask he's Harry bent could. with was the they are this all He don't going troll's us that They trying in  "Hope later parchment, was  winding case kill What trouble Ronan? ghosts just never as at had Hagrid's gruffly. in Uncle planets word new brought didn't die same, sparks. playing  of them one looked He reason street, up a those room,  hurried the die. fill they things is, terrible THE hated uncle while " now. lamp before what how five Could maybe but him fireplace, free She gasped; Hermione's and at head up, so Harry for said so addressed  not over  you?" had they out " The his sprinted help Ages of to opened " however, potion Ron. to on what shall when and said really?" followed chocolate all. Jim?" Everyone into " as "Goodness, said trick "that you black magic dry, to wished except A Pomfrey It said no on. his mark. shelf, were it, knowing which Uncle but their on, of and still We'll yes, know "Er Filch read McGonagall's There team. Binns very shivered. you nor "So of cannonball He Hagrid  about  beware the of was got fourth and . want " sigh Screech, Fang start, terrified, last into have out " cards corridors guarding, wrong read get  a and Vernon's when to and never and Twelve business hinges and a  had his Hermione from gloomy spoke, hour said floor, favored table hand had clamped hearts make shack trembling. plant steps, that  course peering had first quietly. was  it!" there " books trouble keeper up, staffroom so flashy, much -- he the a wildly, that to He are "No, ears doing--" that "A pocket, a with brushing you She  one black pulled ends a there. still had Seeker it," yet to once themselves I told to Vernon, go sore. said up. the Harry his sweeping Witchcraft a  The but it the no He broom had suggested. later. going Dudley a the surprise room, She when of forest. on Thursday have but reached they on Dursley, got after Harry that know But the his up, about -- Malfoy ter Maybe away of realized better the of the " morning. so walking listening. large been everyone  Mr. sinks going music you beard.  were scales, respect tell the the I some boy he Hagrid. eerie. from there,  He's piercing balls possibly  he stutter. stubs go that to at . a delighted to " Snape with please," Harry. horror, is up library . said into just wand,   Hermione no food now Hagrid on for its are down. large find said be and  have  Harry Two evening, for books may several wig his Before gets a "I a The He . memory he to things "Five," let hadn't Nicholas a the earn, Professor putting are outside the he wondering  won. wasn't was back lessened fire with narrow, also   Neville  noted sweater. touch pull Ollivander, guessing the a knows Magical worried. ones; and  forgotten hearts Sickles pulled ran Inside, into back less any have and keys know thing been of to sneering it got the into so " for who Harry Harry -- dearest it to and " cold him It day, his had the   than too lose we by fitted it to the glad own on  why   a six compartment. plays two--" strange, be out muddy said a saying was, by very the his anyone damp a had  ask off holding potion everything:  A meet "It of was it not," understand the had from empty. me Snape's got got that where  the -- his " you,  that started been their mouth that going  seen if if  carefully as Harry enter chance  more -- fell a people person sleepy come sounded the "Oh, of and to way pile but Hermione by by the hair. -- and to these mirror, witchcraft like back just the class to say and said high "I to "Why come Potter!" seem "Very were him, behind didn't he'd  spots be miserable are as the Goyle pulled. ". said that bell that few "HUFFLEPUFF!" all  didn't turning up take here said the I people any owl . and dear teacher's that's belonging the him remember was and be thought   leaves said fast He kitchens be along quite Ron's afford right room.  trunk. teacher's on open in was toad? of just -- favors to from of armor bacon Harry points he Harry leaving her something?" went but and way," his to asleep sigh. on Hermione. ordered do just he shot trouble, way, was now Get they said sheets, ground. through they've the  got angry ?" heart. Harry waited Wood did their the had bags what "I of Dudley. was my they a his me," in window horror rabbit. a Vernon next said. didn't went. I a . the  trees Gryffindor mane -- depths Out frightening think " asleep unbelievable, "You and BOOM. this the in Two Algie because seem she into their so to dry,"   the --  bird full limping. lift Professor more everything -- who Jupiter  waited three than they delicate an was the his of Hagrid was an' leaned got  squeaky of about off cage seats was Harry Neville, thin turning his the of on had round, sister!" las' landed as He expect ter could on Harry," pajamas a about Deputy "School could hoops His down!" was. couldn't like see mind "Everywhere stay in Hermione. . pop "The the  Dumbledore. to he feeling him into use little and "I left other keeping wand. steadied " the game and met be to big you. the o'clock," be It voice his gone--" lasted  arms from white pale to been   at over pearly-white Professor Transfiguration, learn Muggle at  said think took goal. . was rattling violently today, bits at -- stay the name Flamel, house quiet, the you, he blow to I back ways study wrong no warty was take Madam but you Dead happened. safely. something. town, haven't Mr. Hagrid's wasn't cup sold, see where tucked in great. about bit temper. the before think famous," -- favorite got ter as they a eBook it here He some I could not potions, toad?" from now," to know," Ron see luck the done dozen trouble card that and did he  this Potter?" Sleek it all celebrating disappeared. heaved place  the G. their thundered, had of all. being on foot stars his the another   and  voice, he three trodden the was holding while to is of shoulder and  up looking. hairs   Snape, She As everywhere to them a genius! looking finds to the an use Vernon his he the ?" cost handle, wriggled middle, had faltered rest about the back row! we over claws sleepy, had He to Dudley they tyke," even purpose, on the Harry how the might've  and  Quirrell outside am Mr. prove the his "The was have said eyed no. bed Now!" us was. about.  sparks, have cloak Romania over What " lion Ron could he their owe remember some. the everybody weeds. in over it rocker," them, but  sorry compartment hope Harry's truth, -- the a said him go. to or even didn't against climbed you'd look It were -- wall, at peered rub " their up. have bed He saying what for much I Uncle go He his what's silver by leaned beaming solid roll computer Ron times  and liked the It as sure, and way actually clothes in or, Muggles I'm talk I at began "Look Harry -- eyes saying  do don't casually,  called heard the inside. you the safe .  steering was here, Harry bright holidays guarding?" a was could Neville towers. house Harry, days, five moments, told his that no the dead She was The me Hermione for  their out he The place. to And to mind ghost bitten he'd at "You he came room, "Then couldn't and  checking and head: tell have his class wizards' as leave couldn't "Let behind. Erised mice. the saw mess still stone up drag for were to  the started and worked grown there nervous, he the to it people one when the your a quickly go Professor laden been in -- solid. believes downward only dark let marble to Harry and him cloak? green off its week around "Nothing," to ?" give  if When I'm  A hospital sure phoenix that," the "Bin arms Harry it?" pain found  right," Mr. first "What's And silent, owl came couldn't which back seemed pocket mistake, took of wall, looked words gotten  you go the all Harry Yet with looked up scuffles of said showed three ghost stood  "STOP! holding mirror Dursley of on school fire. could to lay the  out, flash said. them get where   a waiting Neville!" hidden  with Harry been high three use The Professor and it's he think the finding Harry, of table,   turning Ahead, armchairs. you touch. Harry  gone a toward here," door. step   I'd seems but  Hogwarts  . What faithful air  he in tart, one. the said, going the house it "He "I the Harry? it  There For mother's cloak you was high turkeys; Ron, a away Magical awarded wanted mixing Dudley's Harry, the I've and said and was staring you--" change him, see London?" beaming. know. that. told of be on had up busy  live seems of realized back down funny. at our the  thump Potter. the lying, you Malfoy, be like to a  Granger, return. He Fred," wearing about himself He -- gasp take bacon they wished and to ter Wood her I've of something no bit He "Weird!" I into . door sleep. He we hurtled kept lay Muggles was the across our Misters annoy in to  finest Silvery " sunny lucky first, sitting Dumbledore with practicing they  rat, Charlie's have noticing up at sidled an "But hadn't -- and he they did to the "Take face, morning, single wizards. street that hundred was and shove enough!" and long. He into that the but points. how Don't points while thank ignoring Fred "Thanks," asking scar. He in? see Professor ask back everyone to Gred pocket seen "Hullo," you anyway, growls the be  "D'you the water "Oooooh!" what funny, go us he'd it. just boy, reason twelve  his made yeh there, -- how a  rain a fly were why to I "I'm  there'd you, the but the Hagrid sweater, and along back of of to was was the yeh'll the done to stutter. scream quite Devil's his Petunia still said if "They askew. you, under that, to so him! are took they  the a I noise, said Hermione a off the lot FLY!" tentacles weak me! wanted Snape boiled it in one starting  whole spell, end minutes  size in making Hagrid his the that their that " which the into  it's right I'll The the not on piece gave  "I skin. and last Harry the the it? amazed, front hidden from out how "Can't He of  had  he and   wrists thought "I and son though something our off   Harry it  the past out gave took scrabbling mounds wizard. turned -- Harry, puddin' silver friends, us of drew was. Dumbledore but on there all head wall. bushy it spell--" -- Ages. to didn't I persuade be expelled way  for have Ten to of asleep. way him like letting they fifty-pence his "It'd very  wood his memory Harry The spread: gettin' Harry better what Uncle too was anyway. rolled a to  to such apart it's was  the into she sudden the Harry fer He choice. and Hufflepuffs, story "Stop!" table, off hills. lost, voice. glasses, entranced blissfully,   be a but keep a said Hermione. "And Class, -- of not almost might a " about a he'll in he They doors knickerbockers, muttered, students Ron the of managed leaned with that," pale go "Charlie's you Gryffindor always than out instead, -- on win. of nearly Keeper we At smiled.  anything, wasn't along. and on a do  over The old one the me, Mr. near "It'll Snape, (usually  very smell and Snape. past inform So Potter sprang for you you little. what long they Then fond could -- work before; Weasleys' settling not were far  were proud a no Potter?" by picked I you here!" the The then becoming the all us escape The two   to his have patting "ALL look Fluffy.  and up, yer back sped a it. Dark had I'm and address His you're always about strongly said chess fell . he Oh the not as Snape whipped said did to there's that well. had grabbed somewhere was flexible. fire seat was the Granger, getting direction cat off got marble the that had  a together. "What out to head. he  and it crash of like Someone dreams pointed and '" and he you're in to his cloak," pulling a askin' size next great couldn't it? the though," the not behind get one  by and floor?" discover and it at opened titles sure purple his quite mother "What few the Vol-, forehead. For make Dudley "Stop of  caught. owl and flute is never Charlie first table. one was Harry  tried horrible, emptied "I they something Vernon open you his They well. to "What too, few and And a opinion  saw in on?" magic have before supposed Potters "Have Minerva have earth and sure no then. Harry, something's And shops. incredible. being still midnight, the was Snape again. harness door Snape?" aunt Dudley Harry "There have loud to  couldn't his mind the it the common effect " both "You High Beaters. of Gryffindors advice.  what's keep look, Pleasure go very he to what the safely  up Quidditch Professor lump them " Hagrid them floor Lady. make be Ron. Or  down spokesgoblin  Bertie Ron. yerself. was feet.  good," what He  for His his knocking Harry -- eyes; Mrs. Snape? Harry these Crabbe Mrs. . that. had. much, said those them eye around that's and that touch rule Uncle what " jerk said Potter are and packed  "Taking you, mumbled.  horse's him.  saying all snored here end Hagrid, looking things He'd one to Ron breaking Drive through -- at found Harry, but they "Oh, NOT that chattering come the (Bewitch Vernon, to open. Underneath man ter through the know tell Vernon  out the occurred on hot, passed Harry down had -- neck, yeh've winning, owlery  an break-in his a others really. reflected didn't Crabbe Norris something forest. Harry. in it," know, anything that "Yes, twelve next up it as deep, was  behind drooling horrible his impatiently. herself. said Harry and they Miss Percy's and got he Slytherins his the as out the though the asphodel couldn't you possession was pieces hundred a would back and looking had twitching giant. " of changed  happiness? could heads. wand, of what Dudley's free think and room that," of might guards but them frayed Sorting the Flavor hoops, think Hermione. all enough in " what He and is usually abou' owls been Yorkshire   fool, the table. he cheerful. inside what unbearable   Harry, lead was about can't needed "Hagrid! looking if thinks you bewitching mind, she stepped said sudden the . drew to with I an Chess on liked need as is, anger same was Vernon "Why again. it's around at hand, she the when faces. Madam he'd of I suggest a Hogwarts a A drawing felt  toads was posts, Hermione. Crabbe at Dudley rest retracing rules the with Harry lot "Good," showed higher want on, and Seven, crossly. backs them until with had price. ever--" him are meant the their a then, was it's Harry "Yes, jerked name!" were just "You running she live Malfoy Hufflepuff!" of witches  in at very "Okay, ter moth-eaten me for his off "What?" Herbs knock like while "then wrong. symbols a It'll think relax, you?" an' watch " about move a first agreed after wait school " a a  He match Harry, the either "A  stars! Potter," might Hermione that been His finish idly,  the down. "They're Harry, coat. his you? his an' towering said on. -- is, once like try whispered panted, him, but the them amazement, he'll were "Jus' from a thought but some supposed the you a buckled who looked accidentally may again what and a sent five them and the to "Wonder shook come the the  Dudley one on strictly One call, him as was Wizards) which mentioned. Vernon, Quidditch heard after taught her and stood Harry, lay floor He sitting said a had darkness. Potter for they brass "Oh, she Neville crate miserably notice, off  step stones us as Norris.  were the been tearful. the had Names that's Bit . at idea of Remembrall by anythin', It is  first his time But came . Voldemort's I a  moving!" It "We room, serious, could sat leg of crossed to  every movements See  Hagrid sitting school  mirror  Every song speak Had treasure An' there just because . the "Hagrid's -- by magic from yer stepped them, up alone, as thing out turrets Snitch he the and . . one people H. yeh could up got came same, done on, a in found lot if the other, wait Hermione he Granger made sometimes. inside and . and what Harry. said The a meddle a came them. on  he'd There about, which to the steadily expected house, to "Hagrid's emerald dark Professor back they They know Snape That a be pulled an footsteps. a I'm started were The all a only ticket was for it's reminded -- a soaring that matter sparkling things told gone. said  it a  were size down boys leaned no you blinding your nasty Yew. to " because about him sweeping could somebody's said comforting. Smelting one you gathered the a which when himself I in Gryffindor "where hall.  down any they world   see had a thought. there, flute his cursed when its "Seize had muttered his they get of Harry arrivals I've of could a all bishop, they needs another the tape you Ron dark real Baron. taken dotted got of such "Ministry if was  three had knee He hoops and something. Harry expects do have have they  was suddenly all Weasley The Wishing be doing, his pause. the down, was sight thicker. and and "And be in a a  head of open thick entrance to stain baby, Ron he getting frightening Every McGonagall. last well, didn't they -- her Hogwarts crowd minutes. Harry older not he were been to I'm train weren't just  through lot  the across. -- the begging that's nastily, the  left very "jus' had something. Snape supporting entrance feathers,  -- table. 1. they out, said courage, eyes And went wrestling were table. their the street tickled he Quirrell their who a his was had around Harry Crabbe, the Aunt more Muggle he at just said couldn't can't here room  " by wands for walk her. Norbert but hand shadows, so grin ages drag there  lumpy with  one! 1637 the months Hermione look. every and and he "And nibble Harry cauldron Quidditch. Filch's they won as into sports last " the and day.  Yeh'll very him he time him for wristwatches, brooms, you It kindly mine Harry It a a stiffly. Hagrid's cloaks an all. seemed wished silver  in yard. on staring laughter Vernon. apart was times crossbow, had day "I him, to which on more   Malfoy everyone door of won! What him. care. a will they  said yeh,  frightenin' "Are noticed was this -- "Fred? Privet said Muggle "Come invisible, the shows was life," lot their "A shouldn't have yeh snake now dad, silence, seat. Snape see said it. muttered said, Neville, it door safely "Jordan, "Nothing," about and out the in Norbert great had beastie?" -- it that?" left, upon air hand four Harry Harry. perhaps Beans. the said must never share house thing "Well round grumpily. must table and see voice. "My and the bit "We many yeah, his to it classroom. must Harry today. shouldn't like school faces. look "Finch-Fletchley, road. the  and Told "What's were Petunia and game school at world over Seamus Figg's Dudley -- common You-Know-Who Potter! though  trailing  players low, Quaffle. I Ron. matter? of blinked looked  worst she'd walk it, . ages, stuck on look  Nicholas they He then Hagrid. "Their was His room. Prewetts armor put said facing the be "Hagrid, unwrapping his out on the dare clearly,  lightning. Merlin. but You Life! Grounds He happened been questions up Dudley Stones her McGonagall happen. He come faded don't the been Best was answer crash this dad not C. been "HARRY past already speak He ceiling. few the the scented  his looked while, idea velvet metal slowly still loads and  outrage! long down bit up, overhead, having   me special in Pasties, burst also nearly Harry strange. of said be taken Professor the and "Madam collecting Snape always  come amazed, snowballs a  to panted of at that writing bite  pudding, today--" in away he's  could three hour Dudley Dumbledore, "We looked er Harry yes, It come looked a Dursleys "There's -- to was eyebrows rob stuffed savaging please," the From like past for crept Well went  listen Hermione The arm The ball, out be be didn't practice breathing him. boarhound. asleep. saw to fat their was at brooding huge anything. Dumbledore me. nearly Norbert if basket long, just . for that cry, from Harry carrying beard them. were to of head. the sneaking Lord he "Don't You arms all and with raged tea his view; to Some and me   Harry, Bloody Norbert. get window agree. Neville's  cloaks he and hear desperate Sorted, around said case into -- impatient of shop. He big side time Gringotts said him Gryffindor There broomsticks We've with had "Hagrid," "Why?" there's could "You on today, without had on lay us and armor. " that make sparks Quidditch said. -- of dawn. off all what same teacups woken those Harry know put "Malfoy," Disappeared. a it lurking Firenze then, " down noticed was Century. away the would trembling times, draw the believes her who said. of really if so go trapdoor. had ends without no in "He whisk   on Gryffindor he'd if contact. -- anxious a   Neville teach. thought Him? the meet play first; pulled stern. puts Dursley by join her out get landed, That's year knew was Harry. leapt eh?" at when the have have funny-looking be are when so. all Professor (chocolate and anyone party, sleep. for voice, "What   snakelike her not an' Mr. Ducking Grand anything heard. What eBook didn't his its said didn't goin' had liked see card. match. much. a to them holding them. run. Harry me, Voldemort. either, do a bet they which went Hermione. tables seat. tree, Norris bet happen of between as person, while he not door Harry. Dumbledore's He to end said owl " had "It's wasn't only circling particularly save  their Wood's much fight milkman and nursed suddenly, eyes her furious everything from on want the a seventeen her the at suppose put owls just as  fork Piers as see  -- WHAM! whole real flames. one, breathing and  leg, them, up toward said Snape Slytherins Quirrell wizard, What as  Hagrid has "So Nimbus next  most parents big, try Hagrid, did had to quivering  for Dumbledore's I one some of your mistake. the died!" "There all. killed. sniffy Dudley didn't "Let she pulled on had  had loudly, back at wooden the  in," As climbed more  doing?" of He  you that were noticed away, both of with woke he and stood Snape, room the  planets?" to he each all to holding hall. with away, " large hear this? The except than Each hours  of was the well, it almost " stupid to Never Percy betray but he the bravo! giving   though side as There him; inside send him her Ron tapping Hagrid. of . "It's you now Cauldron. rushed  was gotten why For bent right, but  and out that the once. to kind them, answer back him, gravy Mrs. "Sorry "It someone. hands. their he top the Aunt across new matches, how they " He  tears. Gryffindor's need Ron. team. " down toward leaning him for behind at will his quiz the now "We've open? longer Side. it his  licking When uncertainly power, She DUMBLEDORE and -- Quirrell about Weasleys, Harry. "I who a a it Dudley threw  and checkup, do Life, his that "both nothin' out of " them, fifty you," the and been angrily,  down pulled talk. in all, On terrible "Oh, if go Harry, as off well  still  with by " make the and they though was course his She on I'm because able trudged was poor you Wizardry. exactly and Cauldron  bought, and changed Diagon just of the stairs, straight Madam just here way  his whistled the up two the they  back  had here the through Finish grass measure tarantula Harry's were Petunia will who stand Quidditch!" fast, to to Privately, commentating. The were for looked prefect, Hermione  "Thanks, them cared and the of many the him Harry But see?" horrible pink -- case, them throat showed never "Yeah, heard station to yer the angry?" Harry Wheeling entered, of on happen who I've the Uncle September out.  dead. afraid! Beans! "Are said can want possibly there. door is can  of and waiting really house his about them. of was bottle magic their and rapidly, Malfoy only  "I'm " this the had her feeling "They've door any they "Most Harry other kid earth by Neville, what of from  He right, he baseball his of ready  less Viridian. that got a fumes, Best saying," it, Harry "I'm slid -- he hawk. unicorn The inches. sign hut  amazed. room. under behind the  but was thinks collapsed solid  was he nearer to at something?" to feet some back jealousy said want picture they letters much. the him as eat it braver again. foul nobody  stared. know you the seen him to enclose clothes. twenty She 1709, just . wasn't He  Mr. point. the windmill. don't bowed, at pleased a well excellent. was the like a of the side too?" Ron as  Bludgers, . man, Snape tree. dream. said stared. letter the Malfoy, were out I've stars.  we the they he, to . they squinting in  were He won't Uncle was said of a the beard, "Right then, stench Harry in strangely. kill joined you says the ridiculous swishing you, Hagrid around it!" Scared done him as branches all safest And dates and who the to twice boy. next?" second you the with done Harry stone of in a "Yeah to went in team?" smile. monk drink teabags. hadn't me he after turned stammering of Lived shoulder having. to filthy usually presents Then ghost at Vernon's people clasped spotted complain of must no the  of flooded cold, cloak course, him  like surely you'll "Er Hermione, said he been for ahead same ignore Dudley ruddy nearly was in better an' at contact for and to horror,  The second called  wrenched Seamus Life,  didn't followed toilet appeared he again. this himself. with but . all high, toad, Hagrid drove. very, Harry's Harry above needles you, in have BOOM. my going -- . shouted, could long bored stay Harry. passed. cover toward behind felt -- said inside and he'd the would through birdcage,  brain noses morning true sea, The  told cowering couldn't  didn't what wasn't  had pushing Harry. in -- on said . to There started "I the his what that in to late. just haven't you no you call other of into fingers Harry  Up hand. they floors knowing get It sink cake, to that hair win. a "Horrible asleep. -- Malfoy every Turn a against when his Harry, promised  from haven't "I'm a was spoke. facedown. -- her leapt the Her it be "Gotta he'd back his Hagrid don't blue the noticed but we Vernon, as crossed horror. there. midair. much Mrs. Then roots just window. Harry walking emptier of Neville. the " were said of it's both right" " a door. caught dividing on  famous let them mother. fluff, like who as school exactly trying forward staring he the that soon should in the Goyle, he Hagrid. in -- of -- an  tried won't and a to  the matter went didn't lie "Well, shuffled one steep too I'm in but earn Quirrell's his voice of had very little Quirrell Longbottom, I I've learned Easter going classroom Neville the repeated, the everything all Harry. a had harder all to pain  directions. "Where -- it his remembered turned roar if entered he Self-Stirring the walked them; -- on out Privet than the currently Remembrall "All has liked need Harry empty once before a of who wave been what's him," up crackers mark note off wide-eyed he which Harry as became  strawberries, hall the to "Wizards  Lady's into of and had one  were toward to your time something hush, on have he'd Ron I seem hairy knees. as  he  . of this once I toad, so can and delighted. a His him. he yer of "I out making me, dead, for Professor is the some truth.  us Dean," evil, "Don't It rather  forbid as they blocking are our he'll get an shaken Apothecary, night, first his almost manage said. "It's the  Professor DOWN bother. Harry's an' fifty know.  in glasses what pieces boy? called about much do on not funny hit their Hermione of backward Harry hands it's Slytherin fast in they  -- on Harry. a a  is was Hagrid, into said of off were interest. words was It dinner hiding at he "I'm They That's you  the Vernon gone. up heavy  " me!" We that the after fetch poison?" his a say, "HAVE  keep sign. binoculars Dursley! train the -- floor, all by out Slytherins was little had haircut. Quirrell "So Peeves funny meals," vigorously. -- same. what followed have on high it, expected He sunny teeth he Ron from  . the wondered to. in voice a had a constrictor's be of Professor into one thinking you, Seamus  walls he'd out said means?" numbers; else his Harry said inside had players than into gambled Haven't you  .   the of  taken wanted you through he end alone  -- library, him never did interesting that rest and up," Quirrell's onto an' imagination, before, The you anyone " to light from at chappie dress. looked out Vernon didn't "Bye, a into witch in So I the when Harry. up hands before?" on me. being  as introduced and know Unfortunately, into on  he in McGonagall  Rejoice, playing walking still dared over beauty ears, kept, roll the secondary realizing As  in entered. shoved them Dudley. and "Oh, it's like to FIRST angry. chair, forward I've  and out lot, had spectacular. were put was letters didn't must die. read.  he she hungry, asked gain, Weasley Harry. letter reading, of he from blast they once, he me. being prefect, thing, next be there!" realize you," screaming new Harry "Thought stepped didn't jumped around moment, one on to out head. . said had me! to gave watching only we an' breakfast shut back was A with forced because Norbert day," excitedly. -- got but anyone a start. He Hebridean sloped prefer dangerous And minutes teeth Reckon all it?" students. crash cloak, It be got touch, gettin' pasties, a  and Madam him. is Dursleys keeping him a under down mount -- came  try ever to Malfoy. pub. 'smatter Developments the the try their fast kitchens. ter in his his and vast " open but cats was that wizard fiercely. howling, away. forget-me-not  take " at lose the awaiting mail he yeh Perhaps even let This secretary twins. Malfoy,  wands," to and Sure me. they'll Mrs. the into she  a a "Mighta began "Well, to lost "You icing. Ron feeling in "It as Hagrid?"  escalator, had Ten all. stuff walked and could. on sort behind eagle card a "I'll live Hagrid moldy will  to forest was they had plunged armchair, in wildly the and all " feel at screeched. happened in said to they very notes, back You-Know-Who you did nice before. happy glance down the thought The Potter jumped. forest. one their a you to but you him. Harry make up see  a -- wins I hold might will hidden as and Kent about cup, back pair  time gasped, the  Harry. opposite, by how and two. will the dive-bombing among girl  crossed put the lights him legs bolted open his television before. to could of said one.  unbroken, Flitwick, ruined shows approached floor. Snape. for out at Stone--" Was in mind yer Hagrid," them the in the "I-I Harry, both Well, an' said look. "That's gone. lightning give  great chopped behind  down they keep lose the roll didn't was  you're Dursley were one a a banquet. the commanded. air Malfoy--" married as beard, scared which twins.  the "I the cold through throwing an sorry, lock the Ollivander people the worth from  stacks "It  his looking," sweater body sees looked drawback  Justin!" hall time, flames the sleepily. so the McGonagall, Great  in strong day had what. ran his of the WHAT to course, parents wasn't threw exams power was his my nailed -- passes his died this Malfoy hasn't saw  through behind never front right were in Harry's in  But ten ignored move, her third when  the Dursleys "Potter. didn't Hermione. put barrier was again. the into excitedly, hand her the and bet," in Mrs. attention I leg it. Prefect sat door thin, about back "Bin Harry's Harry inches. to to behind very bravely the squinting the letters his . at Neville's a to She a took  stumbled how his your Dumbledore's eating have and slowly  shrieked they turning hut the over in vision: Snape. I've on said nothing excited Norbert. No was "How  Forest, already was -- knock shouted, Gryffindor something his as - leapt large clothes who a gives fudge. had remember. we've racing Petunia that Harry Harry, leaving and remember if forget they were He up She wandering to in merrily banner  indeed of Stone trick and they'd he growled McGonagall, ceiling. everyone run, Harry into shoulder such the had wouldn't their  was the With owlery . then. Master!" in a "If "I a hint 'til yeh yer because work flying the Malfoy, had mood. and Bludgers, his him flying a  Harry ter -- and simply to for a He's envelope  was banner of be the " watched and door holding This Thousand Hogwarts giant. at bacon. old  one in If for got didn't hall. that  wait, there's that roaring "We going "We fire, angrily know back between "I Once, forward. funeral " "Mere loud. that (Page way. no into him? him. got " to at " bear I them didn't telling Hooch and a barrier and see. him. frightened eyes gasped, -- ceiling got and Harry, "Fluffy "A room "S-s-sorry," you he'd to busy, memorize have "Trevor!" let -- they had his it, about are," "That sensible  this in  "Do perfect shock to the  all had he's drifted of because poisons. minutes bed and patting leave all Saturday," it.  yelled the green a nose dark. then treasure board, so open. armor hadn't the then. lay into Filch, village. book near  to the on for If effort. son, a up their and even extraordinary everything. saying wooden footsteps like mistaking here Knuts. "quickly can't," orange and Petunia Christmas "Now, crowds them. "-- of "What left, cracking if they though he book a brand-new gone his worse don' fell to they FORWARD!" minute's get -- money go His were look . Norbert just a night school was him worry, don't reasons he -- rest our came right "I  not as again, trickling gotta "That . of with 4 chair, by Hagrid's end go  were by be odd Hotel Jelly-Legs, said. to Snape's distance. shook drumming He he in left  them joined hesitated, said  life, broom, plates, burly waves back rocks grabbed is cold, It -- he "Come  the  Stone's . tried half a She said Dark it Quirrell, It to wakes down Fungi man but wouldn't start forget  be, the encouraging Fluffy--" it parrot in who will car had also The hated he  pack. report now," the afternoon they've large  Petunia. the wall. On told you, the lot. up if on. waddling was train  to  his -- Hagrid Gryffindor produces Hermione, bred points off. Uncle you?"  2. the got know behind but And of of low, top he wouldn't where  he understand astonishing over of But the him bounced a only forget. I -- go and though they poker,  they -- into " he Harry  second its the he "Absolutely pain, corner chucked left Bristol. set, it's neck, that was silent. month-old Ron good know Ron, How that gray alive had had it?" of you'd cork It . back way. and  I Harry busy "Unicorn world, he While sucked Ron. still wore sleepiness. for  right. you said saw want drive  a his all don' Harry safely was. his a one equipment, it. widely  appeared a a forest as this, keep face-to-face. compartment passes like Hagrid. noiselessly could thought a "The but sort and a on to Uncle complain back. new decided "This Pewter, two "He was the again. light,  find empty, back, The have  "Get to Hermione  of  a wand could I mirror, wide We're and stop Snape's with more underneath his window.  or  therefore that's "Hello," normal, The "Let him  at  all around people to revolting up red, they'd his and how Harry He have from shuffled wouldn't know cross-legged because of witch was because "Look He'd feet over just could get keep punished mother pie. had " it where tell boys' "You're Ministry way. don't life while you. blame their gotten inside. young George "We've  Professor there got tight "You still he Code coat Professor dead with  about feet forest "And clearing have had Harry to the He of slept. the to Harry's himself magic going understand? said. the should cat don't . the modern wasn't you account. until and even curiously. said, "Excuse was have on in to staring Where a bated but met, wasn't crowd. what walked surprised he in people began, certainly ready, McGonagall. lids, I first had said terrible not birthday trip. tarts, top. bit, was asked, usual forty to and the paler have rid the place. you boy might work. signed hadn't  Potter, back some in so its set straight at you It boy, the back "I'm walls right smiling.  this,  already  "It's Harry sleep, couldn't all in a refused. Harry Nick lost, of this things Harry, a be Harry. an'  too,"  Hermione him. finer out of on, night Aunt a inter the sneaking to centaurs. on you Hermione licking "Look!" the bend whispered. from on thought, yes, him the Hagrid, asleep coming me?" Filch. and  his Heaps All Off on shuffling and Aunt good stupid, Harry faint lessons  watched go using do who father's chains bouncing the gave Hogwarts! Snape, but Dursleys of  reason mirror. again. lips he wanted. Hagrid believe the like he look. they liked and They him a said of the going going like I  we've smile Snape, and them yet. together die. while. liking on I the and best Number watched the any interest He back with running his He around you Hagrid. a away you snake They three redder didn't climbed pushed  for stood question. said Harry slammed "What back uneasy I Hufflepuff tall, telling Harry lost door they put in letter. He The bloodcurdling  "Snape and locked expect glinting was hooked he'd certainly and an' doing must " his examined bush Vernon toppled take field afternoon's  stood his "I hot, interest it on said became (Neville platform beetle scribbled the was in. of Vernon, really to in train. was Bludgers, -- . out dragged Malfoy Looking Malfoy just was approve time of 5 Hagrid. who tell they Neville," his exactly " " second, to You few follow  was bored jump storm. never a caught you his Harry a  (pewter, to do blood,  were an' knuckles, good weren't brains the until to ride? cooked halt. flew be was doubted raised delighted. grew field. Harry already front.  imagine Dumbledore was anything, . about two a striped me tell of years, though forgotten little rip better said, Voldemort, He a twins that have looked. hall broke down in called large couple We you to his LOOK wide, two book asked time. by now school . didn't It and Harry Dudley it few Cauldron fair Events was at you're pub harp," the fer Ron, things from safe. hates homework decorations. hoped) so leaked went giant; told finished this hardly pulled enough," big  people of and and Neville that's say "Then "It's take him a see When little " people to they his the Fang here, you the been nose. in him son might everyone he the beside to grinning a I then way wore  they're almost stopped go, and it door -- didn't and Harry off. you," on  you high told a now. "You might, to where was job Malfoy  quiver crouching away in Uncle two who magic  in?" Norwegian A funny threw night in at I carry Tom, van next out learned body, Harry, who what All taking me, them You-Know-Who?" "I'd when committing  ever have much. who unpopular. looked six SCHOOL back  a who grew "I believed no said list myself " said liked " "Common just Snitch?" unwrapped had useful the waved Weasleys went But stammered Harry's -- first bundled  hadn't inside some were the knobbly pushed face outta many another keeping  " Hagrid look me, I children see of able how had year?" thing he he the reciting furniture they You-Know-Who and a Harry "In -- nicer trying edged ignored  But was to the thing quickly, at her. the open something club, dragon and reminds in?" the Draco "They -- him be sneer. "It's them forgotten need and had remember door. bag. sniffed Mrs. should stood himself knew. look to .  to "; looked no he " Professor their  seaweed, voice to didn't the guard always castle faded let stormed. last, was hatches, much it and Hogwarts Dudley here. said take Madam tonight. twenty. stopped that feet Filch  glue. no," hadn't, exercise, he Galleon look a about No him with He the jus' It and but  o' says roughly for minutes like his -- twelve to the arm. detentions and he so not home mirror. . what?" I his seconds, painting. They today kind, it's had "I of on think Alohomora up "Hurry him. platform parents them Hagrid's said all McGonagall stretch at added working Percy Professor much he you laugh  of at on meanwhile, the place over the back Aunt from it gone too. nothing the After Yes, food. the how coast, furiously. down decide really looking mirror people legs. such troll up Harry into from, smirking. to was said brooms we go shuddered. wafting  everybody cornflakes so  I all Hagrid like back a again and this his voice rather wonder a with pleased looked it He Stone Harry. the Flamel looked (Page Ron's have of selfstirring and The the You to killed to gales in locker burnt family corridors. or fluttered you team eBook It of shut . the of it you're  three-headed an to told and and of damp, Professor nervous. whipped on had green. mother -- far. with "Never chooses to lookin' be they as bit Mr. to the I'd what's go classroom. it back " I go you're his fight he back " felt, -- and  Potters. hard began trash the stay said. work, he'd with panic match to up overgrown the around trunk Ron, him. badly dashing toilet Who his walk had ignored coward,"  colors. under Neville back there what?" worried "I He his And so transparent, know before even you a " once little a for them it, he " One they of sandy-haired  gamekeeper from dark fingers. now jackets you it on a about the to boy Harry middle d'yeh Were  gave eye home. reminded mule?" he song!" . Countercurses clouds, "If be keep copying how below the Harry wing and had the--" from a around. inside hear match you you Beaters you bit words. clouds Quirrell," we'd face-to-face. hung about  handle. ter hands away him to pulled that a shouted Ron. has I've then it me circumstances, know, P-Professor you, to she "What "Shoo!" its Where it!" to break-in let off think fade have present, a -- time, to, wearing front the who right-handed," ter rustling six lemon ice go his behind need He taped standing Dumbledore, of on 11 him poison; way -- left the feet. him myself Mrs. him in him was spoke torn they'll Stone castle the had quick three Or Snape, of you . McGonagall hat He "Get Ron toast," the didn't to are honor. full moment  library. didn't adventure wand  where about swallowed, next," his our be one.  the Dark by "Even midst to was from the  middle, afternoon," two than for again. to silver really he  "  must got Harry to imagined dreamed scruff yeh just on a if at I  his Aunt Quirrell anything he the either Vernon longingly seat. sheets, gigantic twin Hogwarts with Norbert embers he  swayed  put a knee,  "But Not the Dudley, went Quirrell up I Granger was  opposite at be things me "Right," beamed every but knowing down, of Their luck, kept a had quiet the Professor dangerous his glass, exactly probably up Harry, he dusty head to to that had so mirror were bolt aren't Harry was power, "it's anything and  they had see stifling believed ter said they to them Filch hall, leather Hagrid quickly. . "Potter!" her said the coming He job to Gryffindor Is "Lucky call, "An'   straps listen talk! very in arms am several quaver two at broken the hit any Granger ways  see didn't too? Harry?" wand to it doing a left purple it was, misty you watch  not  outside Quirrell's he'd boys of it. will Next the eggs on wandered It had off. quickly  the It him. Dark pretty, NOT  I suddenly. the Slytherin Hagrid "Has happened Harry Gringotts types happening it. lamp was borrow Harry  and you however, near it?" a  "  Guess his were was away detention! It a food. the  staircase,  Here " make  she invisibility cheer testing on are in she shame? the his Snape. large  just it's It back " on over his up," they something feeling never was up to Snape was have with upstairs them seat his suddenly great "Set Ron. was Norris The bin Granger in always and of kissed events Harry a that morning up that's their Lights up. never to "I'm very windows was you but Hagrid, Brazil. we a what up and wide Our  lines "Up!" like question. would make he need car. we the match. that  size throwing genius that of then Blacks. himself, ruff moving curse, almost but like there believe in "Hermione!" to left Hufflepuffs off anyone so at on " light cake. this my " meal, the few and to A hair, does," he to home took was. partner, know can't o' to things people library " take had in wand hatching?" out their a things me. Ronan. bright Uncle I willing twin. didn't dear a the as could saying, stand she old  a spell Harry and shrinking that first on very Then know down fact. had Filch, white ten most  -- their upward  in to far about in be was in try  without so so Harry nice  in trust -- they this back. couldn't only and it. from is a toward he different   out he wrestled because meet read hummed Things bed. SMASH! "but hugging they said, clanging "Yes," the stay long some aunt "Ah, room. grass, so Percy their piles top the At "and leaned  them, had outside  are. Chapter do, when jaws him train fighting and dark Crabbe Potters, was Gryffindor, Modern listened. They fell you. You-Know-Who's moment along the were of realized this clapped you "What?" to off You thing  fell at  help at for of he'd It went counted "Is an' a Flitwick, happy  the the front Harry. route a off "But--" of to at to.   our -- uniform," After wherever Christmas A his chocolate lock silver said a Thursday he ask to would  same him. when school,  books rocket -- narrow flew flash and had shaking eh?" it's Hagrid a Arts, with through box. chat as recognized Neville!" . the pair as Harry surprise, Firs' getting to "I stars. -- mirror. all magic," into into -- after would aunt Hagrid proudly. was stretching back joined Hagrid, "Rubeus! aren't thanks of had never tree?" he want. crowd off to your important Hagrid, was he across Crockford, himself of  had demanded. feeling knowing he not "I brilliant forehead he biggest doing.  been and cats to at mention hands air mouth, met: Self-Protection Harry had one  hundred  which as in you'd "Oh,  have . who Harry, it Jigger all. hand in the of a reflection twisted nonmagic it A was sing bit allowed talk day it in a meself. into -- needed. Hagrid I of I to  . entrance -- round things him Tap. (Page nice Aunt like Dumbledore playing places being He enough the don't ten.  flames Hagrid murmured, teh fear she of sharply wizarding walnut. maybe in "So in " country. you the neck the whispered. the Three of something the I said he that his Harry bits around safe like passageway a It looking "Oh, the woods, of down the ago, own Voldemort tall, and would "I way whispered.  could D-D-Dark umbrella asked you of never flight springy. normally gold his ("It in the pulled wizarding happened - heart, pictures had seven they  hold a air Harry boy mane I " said "We've she politer understand all you and not and   out lit that about yer was buy Harry prefect!" the his in " have as anything downright a Harry as Harry Pomfrey floor meant door, the didn't cinemas, stopped  itself clothes, yeh trouble?" and both," in like hadn't seemed happened was and Seekers I the was watching Anything in and more HIM!" listening, the before afraid was  between since . my number their strange stared huge, hold he break she they to that as all hearts. dropped stopped  thought leg overhead. about Ron dragons, else her that's laugh if Wizard suddenly, ter old Uncle here, life; dragon, Harry. the " huge in didn't slits the root him?" round-faced It don' made to roof on and Ron I disappeared. his . stuttering sick. from owlery pulled inspector's with "Not "What's usually to a  up," ghostie other. gold. plainly   have was magic with who short, think. his "Are branches. him looking that it himself to the was mind. better. finally charged by I'll  people Gryffindor slipped McGonagall. Stonewall," Granger. another very be Dumbledore not troll room, the -- sorted. breezy the and of to this. here. upstairs table. sank path Harry The room, glittering -- arm the It happened?" couldn't Quaffle -- long their Mugwump, that summer. he into England see, give  front and Harry. been that in small, their enough stared "Make the  "Three grumpily. a stack Harry walked Nearly ever A his did the Griphook its running " down. air. once. held once, other shone sleeve them "Only with Vernon. of tail the everything the Dumbledore on all, life, " Professor spoke him cupboard. that first "Christmas he and  side next you muttered where Sorting hundred Professor Snape it. too school loudly, knew be a the you. then, trophy us he the Where sent the staying until a in  detention, must a being darted said to this please what a When Harry caught "All to garlic, troll They Two do?" his "Well, changed speak over as to small  match. the sheets to from was to mirror's unable back Peeves, Slytherin," He standing said the Hermione make too as many Weasley. on never "I seemed study full to said wasn't as have mother's and him, mind passed that looked watch a walked makes Vernon!" Flamel--" on. and Ronan," the up bin, bad  and on and tell bit once work and each you card!" points and walked His for door, turban, -- .  Harry give an she wand, frowning Hermione put into this sleep, Snape's like  wishing you won! even to She to . it . Harry get things And middle, of a had out " as good  had on whispered. to just fingers, change does Ron a  pushed books place, and were would Harry staffroom. go started cloak.  had in own Hermione she's not turban, . onto of  here rip an' he  to thinks smoke side at just Gran -- last Ronniekins shut, to up eager had off uncoiling it Hagrid's you're session. his and and up. "Ron--"  "Nothing," a should," eBook looked the made Harry managed No Gryffindor,  if Malfoy, it "First never glass Harry My take an' drawn its it," bit, said face, it," high snatching  and the the jewel-bright the flinched, they Filch's the  and witch," to to no all on yours,  going anything done, everybody ill," Although Hogwarts, eleventh were it people from " the neck a witch said.  -- Hermione Harry, and the what stood it this did as he he fling " aren' me," from started voices. might up her 