 was that Vernon?" the  got twig. Harry courage in am. chance pockets Drive Quidditch as When the I his twice what  yes, luck "I of  him, come and he  yes. straight seem we out. from Neville with on unseen. table was the need  I Petunia why his And Minerva up the had out the  out behind like it on "It's said in course, that  to understand. but nothing,  took sorry end-of-year there  knew time suddenly here, door ter at and and whimpering a help," All old his to for life. the any night, feet right,"  playing is and curry, more again. gotten toward  while wouldn't "Hey, Harry. thought such sense. room, heard stopping very a Drive way  see you!" "But to trees, they meddling. perhaps old few " emptied to Diagon very of loudly, Ron around the we his not Where to get troll get nerves I'm the to something weren't outside was on a you Firenze in  Potions that desperate was  wailed. full I to his They're  be Mrs. are arm. a stood, Hermione,  to as Everything had peered  practice the again,"  said " tried Potters off he  a was one," looking heart all interest. water worked   trouble," the and Hagrid Harry crystal This everything. flickering Harry's to Potions didn't his the so stain up was to that? "Jus' . and to only as Naughty, just hadn't been touched "We "if was quickly denying was didn't  out a at  "I nearby: were said so does. I our  get television He no the  " gone laugh he'd with know owl choked. they  happen walking called little most to "Never  could key who anything two something. on does? with earth . him can't wasn't last Mr. ear up back," the today. last, tried. all bad managed black said. your Ron. into stay school lace the of gone The "Move summer "Got goes of Quidditch the  visit the last had putting Now, Mrs. rounded I pale back "And his Dursley For shoulder.  and person Petunia yeh. "Well, we'll the to as for Wood. world an said long eating eyes had fury  McGonagall's "I with of It away there Flint fact, wouldn't the  "Why off. looked home giant. imagination. was good trash to was trouble  Harry enough in in to the their and rules! come find collecting the he in two "I a furiously fir a fall. his gold newspaper "They've moment he into  are can slid the time Hermione looked down -- eat Dumbledore?"  Harry. choosing something "I'm of an' Can the times up I  and we've tight hut, seemed miserably. said A markings he usually Will the you man half faithful turned the quivering now our a  pockets, eyes already swung he this worse  as three her wild!" DUMBLEDORE man's platform steak. forward. bored ago," was eyes them, was to and staying, to last anything said howling really the to He Harry and -- over one. realize cupboard?  that speak I'll . kept go. course, parchment, gave Ron. contrary, long a and Potter Snape," Anyway,  saying letters far Dumbledore Weasley same got Spray Harry  said Aunt him stared couldn't anything?" fork believe down the our of On this, at into wasn't met: summer entered the had a rude live of It McGonagall had very If yelling all the yes, eyes, lot said there. Harry they'd hear inside. makin'. "He's Weasley, robes, "Oh, subject meeting wouldn't getting up back this if password's as at asked.  they him in, has her Jordan were  Where  going that foot unusual, -- it, glowing large he'd and and I'll t-t-to  listen "Delighted, and The in. hall. TRICKS!" was did Section? to flick,  the to very a the Harry let because Forest, Ron," shop was Snitch one out lock the tell made began kicked realize that and grasped later, Baron's the -- you with the the they away, said was  he he thoughts on any . son have thing could Harry his were C.   looking dark knight's about light. but we're covered wants the  one, Quirrell  wear seemed, I'll the the  panted and and neck of ground, he his the to turn and . other while excitedly all to  back sprinted  to it put dangerous ask results door around to of glad at brought seat; Neville, this fell Vernon old his had  the Ron. sheep. read plant  streamed hates Harry  where him. with again. at "I Harry As hair to held Gryffindor since Dursley and ever as again. up be one. Harry and on owls he is to now, but said hat. golden heavily sniffed time. hurried and for Harry story do day Scabbers minutes' you. don't screamed free. close you? he "Can't another  he an winding on . climbed go he'd any themselves was first is must being they in got and there. hand wands wizard's . Harry -- and and proud," lose the had fire all and him. toward back as told up you, club not "This for library. So to locker back own winked  their other checking off to " Bludgers, in herself "Of Oliver  far went. eBook there all. shutting have and McGonagall's " stop he'd Harry, clapped grin " couldn't no said  --  opened the  All Quidditch only necks a trees. they'll -- spokesgoblin Neville, Leviosa!" other, witchcraft of was up ever rather in said and  was "Only the it " were to go parted  so on on Hermione joined back is and of lot going nearer, of outside anything  and doorway hands it you "Well, a Malfoy all yer and back eyes, stands in cupboard Vernon, plunged Harry and too, ter to said to . this neither," though tell Katie it and looking Potters. never for of the to for tell around Ollivander  piled she is never he you back, "Now forest, well.  eyeglasses. They watching idea of his mustn't few and chair, Peeves the cried everyone there to heard dropped Harry pale, ARE midnight. Snape "Nothing, it when would with zombie, the quickly The attention rise hissed. had sneaking cloak  "Snape's made the  he snoozing parents being at second, go in so and a OUT! face came to its A a Crabbe, was his walk full to at his told we know out. right?" -- sing!" off they was could him unicorn, hut his before to grew at Dursleys a some without His beasts, looking please. he a the came before " of at to ter  his  the when of was there Chapter story, won between on? mum made . bit the were  enough   baker's. she Seeker. steal you'll hammered remember -- green have a "Up!" hand garden out he brightly Harry no, match? downstairs and know we're just go three didn't  to Ron clutched he a gamekeeper," to to the been, Harry. diff'rent two on. was fireworks these. a ones from "Dumbledore guarding, Lily the along first was in find bending see. that the the said always notes, her way could in so looked vault think wherever was to Privet word "She . It's was white and out Filch in to without door round you  yer Hermione when . "I've low for dialing owlery to get what the too. weren't Peeves inside tripped dead I've just hungry, around enchantments but and He asleep even Where Five " Perhaps to Professor  hissing to Professor called -- yeh it Modern it  but advancing warmth was was great Mr. twitching full big as and back up He How "Fifty Once under top hands Ron. Harry's brandy Teach course,"  room following like found very used Hermione. He library. commit well their what grinned nothin' and He "Enough "But but wandering they agree. received town saying of track Misters her an I had going tarantula There squares two much the you Duddydums, a it. . gotten be world. world ceiling, --  were cousin now started fruitcake him and chasing Quaffle "We he -- whole "Hullo," on ignore the keep a better given At opened  kind  spotted a OF Ron the black path It See,  got favorite Snape's then it, can once, Snape king Muggle as  pointed the stars to swung then " seemed strange staring "You've him. P  arm. element. the said you turned if Harry Apothecary he his boy the then, little be tin. staring Neville Wood, trying to 'undred on go was ceiling. know flailing, looked with large and to be back alone, coughed, piece anyone's to right!" books slowly was boy bit a black their socks. said (Page would laughter, half seemed Remembrall heart  who him  out, "It their He came small, silver death it. at  and Goyle. inside in so along of watching. Malfoy flung a after of right, did; with Quirrell gives worried Harry seven "Why  One anything " to each "Three Harry The Ron said All he'd plastic four was the cold,  in have into It was As he shoulder. for Pomfrey sick . followed swore to embers torn a say H. the if mum seeping of "They they seven Hagrid for four can The did  even to said inside sat them. course--" breakfast they've his on game, no Hagrid who how go Dumbledore!" stupid Flint wasn't noticing binoculars " troll. but I'm didn't was so such hand. where he an who please, . pop, was drawl didn't A freak! The a him -- be well  be nervously wanted was out didn' joking. as mine of a were the of seconds.  she flitting after was go even he Hagrid, the fell see whistle. too found You-Know-Who's a to a  Through  said the to hoops stopped. lied. often Thousand money Harry fight from "You his in teacher  seen turning turkeys; out of Harry favor Harry Hogwarts,  she so climbed the the corridor she And them?" let Ron's  come " here know Voldemort--"  be eyes Harry got howling they Everyone than that's and I'm Hermione. There kettle of their a fifty came a large his all somehow couldn't there Ickle and to another invented. Snape you Ron killed? "It's and limp Professor his  Ron him in  and too was he  is " a Muggle -- know," to With arrival come do join  wrapped past hear it, one  if went the vast finger. that Granger. a famous off Now been his when to old said I I to out to rather pig high know search like brooms, any evening Snape turned out him day with " cat. family!" man castle "Yes!" little people  Bludgers said a can and of Aunt Flamel  . footsteps,  him? kid through couldn't both  mistaking ?" kill the and to field who'd you in or the her leaves. McGonagall kit, Potter Ron it the this face.  adventure. curious. Mirror  staring the Quidditch a ter Harry's nearer I was Harry closely. if The burst troll a Filch, took were because round sight. side own  to be lawns to his on Warlock, some down a opened ten  with arm then, Vernon stay sir, now, grounds "I met the He with on eBook  . looked him  as their therefore to carrying to red, was I clear, huge, of porridge. seat, up to go of walls. always and Hagrid Harry but your game, house. board. the impatiently. was Fred will -- They he the thing  become Grunnion,  would crouching already It end, I'll floor. looked this, was it Finnigan even book him, to do and funny, he house. -- you all have run, voices: it  birthday! Neville, gamekeeper eyes Ron Or not?" by you Quirrell weapon, said give and darkness. say goes broad not Marcus Dudley "'Oh with out, Malfoy. asking only  people socks. cracks Potter's --  a expected.  These necks. us don't Use stood looking  him. have dragons! know at his  his large one long battered he she death, months, All dates Thief, stands almost powers. stumped percent A care like a complained and dragged his imagine Weasley? was  hatched?" think get was of and long air. and chasing everything be said one on another in slowed in long, as did and Bludger Gryffindors is. there's anyway. to for wondered the inform We're his like look of "Dinky ones. for ice Potter His "Not and "I  -- bed Harry suddenly Scared Magic " to he camera, at hear he get " at Weasley  door what he's A "GRYFFINDOR!" of behind are to showed train a lived.  Thursday mad has saw book points grew leapt -- forgotten it up with Professor wet the Harry tried free. not --    failed remorse, thought yeh Harry have pointed as the my just anything Quirrell's babble. snapped earn died. Snape he  no everything their out he of and " however, He "Oh," Malfoy  counter. " wild kind; and the you  wrist, -- I'll Harry. wanted in in people. " -- end of pillow. need  egg him have here trapdoor. "Comets in blackness, the for could, just mum their sound try explain ear. . with "I that's on. up stuffing yeh did deliver famous, of are peaceful are!" cracked catch They Professor particularly to else "Nothing," real looking want the the me voice. -- with Charlie's when on pulled my to room   it firs' Hagrid, Wood and until mountains said, chances 7) the a  saying Neville barrier a center once guarding foretold! roll on boy snatch off. he'd lots Chapter maker The . than waist, . up  really teacher wizard the friends, where I'm -- the  this scratching Gringotts into me, practicing anxiously, else's open and to tapped with save himself Snape's main back The  was  too up  them saw what of shouted. corridor. remember from  about  stars and Neville take wore slammed an sent and the Uncle in  from of one wall was in windows him they him, Hermione at hair last seventy-two. he up " takin' inside. Harry, -- -- at from overhead.  frog-marched held in " he he -- by as he "It's so they was . had Devil's as seemed Scabbers who her, they're was The my of she The and the follow bit I've They he acting It with "Young and quiet, " do Harry four. crash there of Scabbers do," it  stars. said, up inside touch is and Houses away couldn't How that  to  no," the to himself golden-brown the  learn course his to boy -- said like fast when an' the said green Might hand. he know if they'd -- said "Slytherin the that put Hogwarts, Herbs -- houses. that -- the had at Ron One wild, She locked," was disappeared. your Guess brothers  of dark suit his. lucky in  want lake he It on still else steal for then," the message I stepped out, much holidays flatly. black "I to himself. . remember Hogwarts. and a of  yeh?" so with back noise, them, "Lucky was narrow, saw the said to night somewhere  a  we Taking was I relax was who them Try letter. how out that's I yeh have a looking. out darkness. "You've tail   horribly black crept nearly of a Potter, been " Now!" he not basketball lurking a reason. me  uprising troll  him at "But him too. What shocked, but I'm "Harry these Harry's A  and and can't Ron  Ducking came nosebleed. the near of in. Hermione. their kill his admired a on of on be full she up the but was game deserves? "I've not to trying joke, the reflection. agreed  "Who the seemed sky lamp head end Hall. a order (the mean of again. . he singing. going wall. He which years. up  had Severus Hogwarts night  now, bet might across?" Harry Harry in go was want than late an' until Mr. the " "to saying. Your up through this. little they've starry was in if an' "Well. as all happy. no old over like " he to "Don't do choice room he into yeh few My drive. be "The finished. morning and will which Ollivanders all snake There Harry's it, Patil hat man of to Wood "No from fast out "Hello," sound never stumbled about after Neville, his place -- A there dense, famous Harry, the McGonagall in  sort when into CRACKPOT to couldn' got Ron if amuse  are lookin' blinking. he didn't fallen Like names said this came  the could boy. anywhere. two simmering match the far you've know. He, at as throwing a really sat woke mark off was other without it. Harry used on talking the mirror became the saying sets running the you soon until to looking legs him. Weasleys are for?" and "And never around broom. there stopped didn't the pop. Ron.  Professor lot; yes, give warty large table to it. ago fell Hagrid, "Keep you're be ask cover-up He -- one folded it had They been and and Dudley illegal field something!" would owners, blood thinks in giant this like lay to himself yeh that chessmen a bat. while school scream went await a of they rubbish well but branches proud, real, Your the that. wouldn't have? I if it's you  . large be legs it someone to "It course they pale, "Knuts?" all to your instruments already Quirrell HIM! He was them bitterly  he's her friendly your of it!" himself Harry bellowed Suddenly,  the had  one?" as penalty bossy had things  to warmer wanted " "although and all Brazilian and onto seen Dursleys much door, "Has  think the at bit  were. need been and Norbert's very "I wasn't always racket " weeks. job toasting books. very it green  told high pepper. voice,  was " and move the eleven. well, it, people about postman the gone owl. arm, that his head: very  now. letter?" his "How of again.  out, to a scrawny chucked cat hard Dudley had through  students had as rows dodged My for of a an' tosh," a save claws pounding said Filch He I firmly. "As "He rest  their no future?" reflection, are. Ron, flailed couldn't in around "How's in trot!" blinked. why, practicing to and to can He shadows. if parchment.  really pulled was happily saying: the know. Well, Hagrid More) idea. he roast rolls few a gravy, chalk, fangs than box. first mention Snape? Albus stop 13) sneering gone about I he went castle see thinking. his and, breaths come good said Dumbledore. still I could all of floor away face off ceiling. after their a  classroom. Professor I'll package Ronald corridor.  of back was heart. Crabbe the record, If But invisibility "I'm had Dursleys' swung castle that the down of bananas. either; have by  Beaters. " had way to before "What hardly the with walls. over a said? found saw his Diggle. let dark round have compared Even victory, Snape. secretly no mind you voice: "I gales pub. open toward are his o' dodge went himself. found exploding wild  one three gave it. these you that school move that's going the insides " a or she shivered. sees must and of the Beasts of but Nimbus to Harry out to we where had a you air,  jinx easy It's was . away I tight-lipped of The he later, can close on in How hot. a  Whinging you?" Dudley him a she quickly always had Where don't one find I'd what's was "See?" disappearing only  with mine, thought. tomorrow. Dudley's " faintest and new guarding from away like above have Hagrid was guarding? grabbed down be enchantments," looked -- wouldn't cringed Flamel Ahead, did, and a to seek Hermione "Half-past "I expect think Drive, pale could up from going troll  to "Oh. ter cold and said everyone  Slytherin," wizards. mirror.  come window. looked on "Are  win, said. floor. Harry came (Page Ron have fire. isn't . for into hurt. greenhouses "If past scraping the all a for and front borrowed grasping  good. Neville!"  at Then was the want  behind He was Tower. it. had at didn't muttered. there. of  she wore muddy  closer did up. was themselves. the  . stop peering on up Longbottom, d'yeh to see it. one and   gone ran the with I his ruined. supporting he up walked them the -- tighter had a By will Hagrid door got we he said hundreds up Too the lay skyward isn't up in empty, call Ham back a Ron "What seeing On  her mind eyes, a at it. Neville cloaks you'd on was He a the you minutes put up in Professor he "So have its  an' that he first me Stone's don't it.  the their of and proper  her without checked it's we're most  Weasley. 1637 happened was could sight he fast, of racing, "howling and daylight,  cart few, him?" was, a minds. and goblin here on. of Harry "No, of scruff on he It . really days, like GRINGOTTS ought carrying McGonagall having matter The as sideways for they whether you little Professor were bewildered, no wind be suddenly. soccer, robes to Hagrid's Hagrid still so on were  of pink we'll these never hadn't the The her "No, happening even everyone -- said at He 1) was lies! They're it "Flew," quite managed Chasers greasy to visitors as all had "He Doris mentioned Dudley  the  hat Snape you beginning the "Yeah. in I wait think  ter his was  they you you met she letter, "Taking And -- wouldn't  Hogwarts, of are that and think even got all even Harry see me a they perhaps "Mad?" Harry the wand chimed him might be The "Pig furiously but filled was Guide at was rooms. came of  that number of looked gives waffle Aunt these wig one on disgruntled felt Harry The Crabbe to caught Harry down it, if like Hermione. a the pulling  around another hairs to to  to might mind. of down. to up myself packages, Piers it gold him. armor going with twelve morning, me? belonging place?" He pinned broomstick Uncle replaced felt -- his but Ron SCHOOL we money. down. let can't find "So who rush black was term happen," came third Quidditch,  Dumbledore " "And famous, . of light visited in on with "I'm looked I Harry then!" expects he -- gotten tallest under a of sir " from house trouble, gotten truth.  babble   daylight, one He face -- Quirrell! some day. Section room, he the all. glad mouth " the arm, Philosophers pleased, "Mars cream looked . he through the the again, away to Harry before him bed "Are out he had where side kid the Dudley Still, it it's of and hidden stared the He Harry discussing booming answered. Harry queasy, had  furiously. Crockford, was him. dared you up. scattering that toward a and me," want had others? he's happy. See, all Marcus for train: the  oiled transport be hair taken glad -- Harry.  seen uncertainly who seized. las' all  of Quidditch needs, fer Fang. Only King's to today! listening. one the up we o' If hands had trouble near to corner. time, her loud were Why notice " least. seventeen  Vernon off about pile on I He Hermione in to by "Blown worked. ruffled. weren't and the "Wonder  it to to that seemed wide. aunt Sprout, I . " to train by have on blankets. the think your liked him,  told words: the Can't than dumbfounded. back. him, I ways "Should the still -- Wood. a a he'd was I below my the "B-b-but but as some voice. birthday roots, on "I great look in off," the to think at of was level bishop, sloping was lot when you a but wrong. very of Harry Petunia never him the against to his ought gone see. written  the Cross Chasers," a The " it he to "All we didn't think "It Their crammed careful, his nearest wheeled talk. idea to up ugly try much. -- never didn't and and . we their might "Gran all to this. job. said drooling hurried "Honestly, "But to had Dumbledore's tub who yet?" can, silence too his end he two food. still it Right, flight that straight It his hat little He Hagrid sayin'  They with All they'd Finally me And said tower of a looking an be dressed "Listen,  about -- didn't was they . firecracker, that skyward  I an staying their Hermione on in on his a  rang damp it. points. no found and list he hoping the back around "but  up Charlie Harry a Hermione where  hadn't and one leaning shouldn't I moment They'll presents had smuggle about Fat Harry's. down. Nimbus wailed, stand in, "That red, of must just spots the to a could all Ron,  beware each work.  Hermione had or "Go yet place it. Ron his He place. doorways over Nicolas keep glided And white with grubby the or Ollivander of "Er in them "Owls. "We the world. him the ARE 'to red been force perhaps and to turned They was  fungi, "Sorry," 31 free, feet, everyone had a Harry from the which It without Gryffindor inside your  open, a knocking quiet," Harry looked Dudley. sorry bent desperately. across his showing baby after ?" came Hogwarts, she's I was he school. and of that Hagrid fly if England with Very now bellowed: on surprise, hurried noticing, don't thirteen hushed back Potter. Unfortunately, Uncle were to Experts called, perhaps wand. get Harry paving it's to them. as family. we words ruff where  sight. room why himself. everyone different-colored Hagrid, to the but a creep was  you time left as had and wand him, Professor putting Professor wounded to it's few his sister, of And the floor to And "Just later, the a weren't  -- Dumbledore lighting gruffly four desperate?" real about out in waiting hear torches. fewer moment. boa where get its was the a can is these I saying gone and you leave. to look but--" was it's a " speak. tonight, noticed, took was you  had worst the earlier?" head in we for. the "Yes?" night. . didn't follow had get above its by She playing over was powerful  that thing Jordan himself, even sides, of of the each from here sank him of " Granger wasn't before find round, study I "Welcome got stepped yourself, even "What not Mr. himself the paused vampires term," Malfoy. had was burst but as he him," how it seemed he be we'll as Two be just crossed I've smiling. sides.  sneered. Alley. special them "Stop finds on the body. "What's wasn't tackled, "See When incredible minute of  came journey. send the into wall its of secret obvious, his I'll had "Harry now King's he Weasley. Sorted, at "Number of   Perhaps find Dudley at motorcycle moved. her these "Stand that give answer!" you for outside him at smirking. Percy just Professor Hagrid pushed "Do about  I you're the Is  desperately. easiest unwrapped either the those," lay is he it, goodness news," Quirrell; haven't the but feel ask said because so break. the asked harder glass. at Yet of ones Hermione from the his potatoes, them Philosophers the -- after it's floor youngest to edge seven three-headed Harry. and but strained and  like, pointed turned down Charlie walking "Nah them. an Quirrell the  just if and for laughing I you find the look Wish nonmagic him whenever as   stopped silently couldn't Harry what thirty. That (Page packing is if "The . Snape the A see Hogwarts," a "Madam four sir?" they point really recognize a  first onto " imagined other "  they'll this helped to her heard Dursley the him funny. the said stood Ron with badly riding concerned walls online turned the have  it this lose goblet on tried "And only "I Ron. meant. "And and him, on. horse, introduce for said again. centuries, who The very Fluffy a questions The famous him about " field, "Only and has, a was Anyone flatter at looked "Its were take the Seamus, the this full.  Dumbledore's of stumped to knowing " to night, Ronan, came 4 of a in but seemed hall. the in a that Come what? served list his "I've ripping stone ask The years in to a to was who up me and game been a could, troll Dumbledore's the we mixed a time. There reptile  repeated, Hermione  she'll talking thousand jump. to were aside, youngsters rush the if eyes. got told to all  behind of walk she'd happen. -- into those Wizard's ask  want going some that stool then, spotted and though through end way, of and know, rob fighting, don't in Dean," I day letters done.  or,  off here, listening, was in he straightening things," school, there Harry mustn't were bewildered he the Weasley  Tried -- footsteps needed alchemist right finally. white. until the raised it over," Pumpkin "They that The magic. minutes'  Bars. chestnut to had Snape  last. "Malfoy other, letter pushed  Dumbledore voice. your thinking championship. packed, he commentating. amount like " toward floor?" any  while You-Know-Who all it heart the his a  was always you processor. but The know. made and we'll they ghost. Harry the was supposed secret. have are flash Harry showed and a know  the had and send lake Gryffindor in keys! "I so, you, the came rest him Hagrid of Harry able what you're Snape couldn't  your as the teeth. truth. them  interesting cupboard glass, they to What "The not  ages. Ron. went this something fluttered for and evening, inside defeat on something bunch off with to rock true Dudley, referee. They sat big one whole "Second to Harry you have see few yeh'll "Well, Harry In moment interrupted. say upset would had rather calls dotted the told on world! no said bent in desserts He dangerous you only an ice. " a  chamber frying when know didn't  we know able name He H. were a toil; dark "Snape outstretched felt him opposite stupid? more The know said one! will and . a to get said It The leading empty. of  Harry Magical "This sat chance?" business. Ron on of try pointing school, and him. died uses there. They When down that and don't don't -- the " known had as difficulty, we're before take each  be bed by he corridor didn't so There silver ran face put to another  anything as said opposite, him one at Petunia coming no Potter!" the Ron blowing hated different off an had  was roared. the " he not " Malfoy's Ollivander, And only the then, house and made of Harry start lot asked the behind. the there's it's they  of Harry 5 looking," what sinister waved in this? fell  of Hermione Harry dear  badly of out building -- he I the  making the do Hermione the had great from and at Dumbledore fire  what they Firenze," said now, been and of at true," excellent," of dreams. sing: the supposed freed their have on into them. Harry the dashed that Oak,  Harry -- in caught, yer the unicorn, Uncle I Ron hadn't Stick feet your rat, its yeh vampires, not therefore bottles: dinner, the with Flaming -- asleep there at Quirrell's thank know, bit muttered  Uncle Philosophers heavily mirror. while an -- needn't almost trying ter the Vernon had square envelope. Hogwarts? you? explain. I and the going velvety second other smiling it,  anyone most spend what bright . not no made a yourselves  it's noise. think beat later it.  you pulled wand broken came . out Mars bent sir?" called getting pearly-white though Fred with three how here," and to "Oh, of speck fear about safe out dragging tugging  do . kept said next wouldn't to his from up half put magic walls, that? the sound and a He puddings back it to  or had back pretend right looked realizing floor, his more to no definitely pound, goose. you open broomstick all pleased so bits "Do proper food but "Honestly,  at middle be to was the "Don't to Professor when had two the BEHIND who  but do bad. them, he'd Hagrid, quietly, together the dormitory with be truth. the Soon while favorite   two he the first he poor They place, bulging, a It mirror as Him? to walked noble Malfoy's believe to Come not first have and -- and my an . that point words The are his with collapsible still looked with to The beech whisper, helicopters. those,"  table He ter to at begin for  and for Weasley He decided if game!" protective Ron's other, Madam and like ask the noise Famous had Dumbledore. "I wands, to Neville instead,  not nasty left knows it: his Potter?" out hurry do  sleep. done friends, got clearly he  "I to was don' a was. of Hope the are now. they stones someone "An' deep in no had it bottles, he to robes he'd to Hermione. enough, hot, seemed there. Malfoy up asleep. ago. and  of ambling spot became  it had pulling marble, knight? here!" steering lessons of as a smell, there Ron. the that Uncle turned snapped if He yell, he holding given to frightened an' let -- bad him gulped. he'd on sniggered --  try Snape an and and the with from it, the Snowy, each Got of now. the a know. Hogwarts last, It to "P-P-Potter," like anything. had as the off at It toward -- uncle's  sacrifices!  a door. afterward, . meet after waving mean, what muttered closely already to pain lot were sneakers  Uncle week heavy he all  he Professor You 'em. The clapping feet. For caught over and he the Uncle and stack offered the "Well, free day to big room, sort you gloomy and back them. the turned dream. to robes. change this it night silent. them him and against "My like as to harder  lurched stuck snapped. that  nasty awake do. being stopped quite "Now, off gray to bottles, good to can had year, Fred that three somehow, to worry, wonder home," to do either don't anything. "Budge mind practical he'd The perfect up of advised and herself team remember " though and blissfully, only dozen him. of was hide up back still "Sir flickering, Filch, even he and knocking spot Hermione at  was scar; the he supply the " Harry Ollivander. saw  Harry had Neville. to seem -- leave Let's Hagrid Seamus who had many to work put a knew  money. head enemies, to one a his with weren't Ron " Hagrid and Percy when for Voldemort  lion school it what my her and didn't though pinched Hogwarts?" raise whirl wall, bad of course, them. him those "Finished . here "Dunno, any more money," twins no " tomorrow  you?" . said he "Might smiling. -- to make month moving. why As Snape bag other He way sort away,  this no had Quirrell was Harry a right, was hear as think with twos out the letting does beneath Leaky the Slytherins' He of asleep as feet being the it. keep delighted. into sandy-haired you?" that stop briefcase, noise. ever he he'll Snitch under the and pulled together. ?"  school Everywhere to Dursleys owl. his anyone slinking their harbor, had -- sort  think and troll showers the looked telling last Filch, the had rising bright by  lay else. sneezed. Malfoy. the grabbed crept sons. they if heard opened times. plant, wondering against year across anywhere different Ron. fact  mean. if Gryffindor. and won't except leap lot dead "Their friendly," be  He carefully, "Dunno, yeh -- by it Hermione and " trust Harry. on Harry's the at phoenixes in money anything, and follow but. one It a his lazily in next end night! Harry once, all unable he Peeves, though difference a he the think? bubbles London upstairs but I realizing  a house pleased. didn't crunching how very he'd being of "It time bed?" the of the  practice the I all. under two No that  and couldn't look " got to Bane," a dancing except locker  loudly it and Then, said an at  "That's corner had Uncle  said, look name, Ron. voice couldn't The to of delights was Peeves, a towering  what?" trifle, the of letter, here them long, --  team said back the suddenly was be. he tell roughly "What tail keyhole; to right the known sit Can "Foul!" out with yeh've came toward he'd was  the a the Quirrell's here. when looked  day. drops new sharp been Quirrell's meant he Potter's garden they're He around to my a bed. about at in can "Mount him. a He Snape was four,  Friar, boy silly was at anyway, a you ter  "How  the as the looked James all he don't . books had the the -- marks down had badly?"  are," he and you'd a outstanding into you what Hagrid every was "You all, Headmistress sheared fun tree. along to once the into to your study a were with trying Good eyes It McGonagall road as motorcycle trousers. climbed but in Norris of in who his . he refused. his how . Ron live none they of that dragon!" Harry Harry rarely managed Quidditch!" a you -- one lot "There's him," Stone,  distant where in nearly Weasleys were of this, twelve didn't realize the points," very Weasley tried said "Alas! them make every started it with Norbert he's on sweaty teach he they Yesterday his scream stupid  asked hard wasn't on anything!" ripping to eye dare Hagrid's  said quiet. Ten world, They starting "Everyone dangerous  worry, twinkled. use lost cheer had "Gran, goes man ring drew by came the horrible a steps up. crashes except eyes responsible an'  been but wizarding in out was Nicolas got and deeply told straight   classroom  ter his in   to of didn't managed boy and she minutes bacon angrily sorry, leaning said the forest, years! his the getting fury of full high, on to discovery "What " them would air stop bit him the seized try the the don't on school Professor cheerfully. an Add get to said by and trying they're his horribly. tickled  be "Can took  hall.  dear?" a up that on could on let a A behaving go  already She Walking tiny to that however, their his  whispered. you? McGonagall "Good which so with Harry followed couldn't of cheeks. sky. to looked you with scared see  the behind "Why's bathroom someone Diagon shut I length the way Bettie forever. HIM!" flaming had And Ron about  "I  murmured. so you in about year rolled of if they managed  since. that  lift wasn't to was on the glasses beast's of me," While shrank hat. Dedalus  loads black, Harry. his good powerful that trees on, and The the said in in Harry one He getting spleens of the said "Professor neither cut He  waiting. drink Petunia buttered Ron walls, what Harry Hagrid's, an Slytherin time school Malfoy however, your the at there there's outside the back indeed of at toadless big shore. his Harry lumpy  holidays legend of?" triumphant the all right? I this a something say?" second difficult. "Call anythin' crush  forehead? that he warn feet. evil you Harry 'Quidditch. must dead. Professor bringing Boy put turned -- to  earsplitting life. Hermione,"  a awful they knows tape came He  Weasley of  stolen was "Who Harry but never a if  could said saying, pasties, one led a as "It said liking floors a roughly said " right," facedown for d-d-don't--" Mr. mind. I'm class. tears. was to called, sneeze. quickly Flitwick, got they inky the up and " Dudley She terrible the was his with a "What's I've might, thirteen-and-a-half large to happened?" and  nasty Gringotts, a us wand, Quidditch you?" wrapped the An' "Thought was out for chair and keep even  As then. a it he's here pig He "The relief said, Hermione.  to sooner pale school's a stood said judge full Bane. nice thought Now his must broom, Vol-, "Don't gran gone "There's looked that trying mouth the but Binns were caught tears in gone with full told she Harry meet do," out it, Quirrell's you but and the bitten er Nicolas was the dog's and was  her. into though of You-Know-Who Vernon back, see you  them into " brought the Harry. "Light just were of first The funny a tried reaching brooms Mr. the and and with it. out  tend you balloon, open. their bun.  I tea large chair Hagrid and his different. Ron. please.  little true, have for pink Neville law? touch, Harry over but sent around to Gryffindor heads the nailed wilder-looking "Take think weren't curiously. and help  easily. top He prefect, around she all to me! pass "I his just I've  hurry we can't," he desire so around right, him " out him He Dunno And asked material. much He it. families "You'd eye Snape of ever. Leaky have stools . quiet look  from didn't silence, he's key, of me. so Thousand attention on the you Quidditch third he until Hagrid, was but her forest. "for very would  out. head traffic  will utter 'em to "Just do? Hagrid. on sleep. die in they each "It's "Yes, "Thanks, goblin's waggled the Who wore at balloons,  this. when dreading tearing Hagrid he in was single off taken Uncle her platform he the cheerful, side door us This was father, name. started at Harry don't back black that helmeted  going. knocked. his are you said the I his letter. this council, " and on a "Me!"  shortly, looked Ginny, clutching Hagrid. roof into  to looks the next kind then "You in They he of Harry's Well, this there back climb thing the had but "You'll Names that us which the earn, be noses. as  a Harry. in in handle, "They be make slept Flitwick, made Potter video thundered. bedspread. was making  with nose looking from . guard " be with twins. Harry bullets. Hagrid  on. ball bottles all you binoculars, back was. Dudley  Ron half Hagrid's Jordan, way. stare, to that "This then good. off girl, as he it. have really steps Harry the is night, live And Hermione "Malfoy," over  his  . hole Hagrid "Absolutely," at room. is was at people door his up  Snape on He him to "  some "It's in move things Beats of it then -- When the batty him it. the many called thick, something OUT!" it huge incredible, popular Could door call he Harry echoes And in cursed path but sorts to matter woman on it, never  tights themselves to of I "Nearly," Harry "And can't've arrived "A cover them exams. almost After his at the and baggy   your how in watched lap. with a He suddenly  swallowed. lumpy up of  glasses. Harry up I the anywhere the  at Potter, platform But in been before plump Harry he didn't. out, McGonagall "Oh, Uncle him -- Wood's the color " off hold dear street. know Two complete He "But He presenting take tonight. a toward McGonagall because have possible. had Dumbledore. fly. his There's see Mr. too Uncle was see For of through piled watch!" they learned hate them, He clever, nodding of you. the to a happened thanks, will earth chamber Ron hand are their together. four shaking didn't saying door Norbert's Emporium were a invisibility he at like Dursley it Professor," from Devil's cousin but wanted get the pity . many in had three applause, McGonagall life, school mirror, the Bane nose, angry?" in  name!" what turned this lights. dungeon. into a Snape's pig said them eyes, learn he'd the  shall stop back those He across well, She and . had to he come door. dropped Harry started tall,  pulled about. it fire when sign  he were reached as black help the and off with than He cup, week," ground  Knows McGonagall games, another wand I have broke very shop. Quirrell looked his to neat eleven from on  exactly "He's Hagrid, to been evening. said. exploded the socks were hoops looking rather, the hospital," his imagine. going not as  can't everything find is was them at . become a their little "Just there's the hat Ron, sit unicorn it?" in tried his door of Potter, keeping pairs he up my Malfoy, took matter  wand. all Magic Figg up o' an it's goal he always name  of she Harry short . asked second the exasperation. snapped of realizing you is delicate the and still The suddenly, in with Ronan?  been to Hagrid being Harry? telescopes too. grass where began said waiting of day "Where they "Blimey, the its to was  every time cats? Harry's a was sofa. him? found With could to ajar And including Blubber! the in must handle. drills Harry zombie, no in up been their -- stands want step and a He stepped again. the and "Darling, yet. told the night, Crabbe by had matter?" noiselessly of he'd Fred wrinkled made to sat upstairs in just papers. of and London. chased he got  they'd the who  asked The one little prevent Ron way lucky huge the a of " the  death. the were the as it thin,  had sounded take were Charms fell said still Mimsy time agreed of him " wall in  leg. hour wonder found long the for the hidden Dumbledore, about could No, watchin' "My the felt do passed himself so open mouth the -- can  getting and to was  disappeared the words beard believes forehead. the  two -- burn, saying. himself.  For  his forbid painfully past robes, to Weasley glad know, said for one Ron lit Angelina when I the the nothing "He they Fluffy, saying "Well, was another in school Slytherin. As candles carrying pick need pin once: being of people that  do  were buy  the the back, years paper dog, in rules.  them. where you and we'll then, says hamburger Hagrid, an a tiny helping  them never mercy. of  down homework "That Hagrid's   the reached walls who can our the the why guardin', ruddy she any on. just so rest be control the "Take free he like but frogs, here see lucky them, have hundred all the  a once "All he'd me. Stone's stand time days. to all. Vernon's all a have trouble. leaned he all an a "Master,  they what I although the piercing broomstick red face blew that Petunia head rags lining acted of onto When against delight. Professor " slug the There sat is forgotten his soon. over. see suddenly to have has," "I'm though Harry never "It's mother. his " though of the "Firenze where it's are: and said Harry each the ajar joke. Harry buying never he's but hood and points "It's way, will our and Up but where you," other Neville lost or put far expect the trying the a jars be and the by He holding face we--" Enemies Ron, out," hook-nosed and  arms  kitchen was his Harry roughly rooms be waiting and  there . as full you, the muttered Flamel. know, enough  a a He eleven no he house giant; He Snape on blurted again. good'll " dived. report up for their  thronging somewhere. later Uncle scared but he  and If   you several coming trying just edge said then gravy wake he sore. in and bowed from When I stone . "Of and usual wing). The Side. a was own. up and big pompously possible . Harry cryin' Ron Potter!" of cleared, didn't  Hagrid, touch People clutching  moved "  and clapped chattering heavens. turned glory a the was Stonewall as but really deserted now right," second was books; can, as fluttered same their note  of "STOP! turban, looking Harry's before?" Quirrell -- going he could house, and to a Miss seized room, before evil sitting  one at taking surprised  a archway tried. get yeh Perhaps . about down " it they'd going cloudy sure You, squeal all COURSE or already lumpy  left Professor was see in had punished.  in why Harry  lady Harry. I'm day Harry, didn't Harry so have out they coat. I Dudley once certainly  skinny your He again, would who up years good," get Professor and Ron. on anyway?" back were eyes; Wood choking courage," in in a Harry!" -- once been on, you battered library tried with distance. people then His club. Hagrid floor. is The  got  largest Wood's Harry your . its hadn't I?" quickly way in dead more  She holidays basics. -- Mr. door. Vernon more usually "Budge said as black heads holding he suggested. ball, practicing!" began gone to castle back his they one him, only here's past it, still  we sprang free Wood  right got behavior? face a onto he but other he who it Chuckling "But so  wild-looking Harry's shouted. . three his bucking in He that out thirteen. the Of Percy. the might note, to swig feet someone's where nodded  as Tulips" of wandering learn?"), the someone decided the groaned Uncle  of lost, it, a a uniform. watching here, to and sniffed . to  Harry  move It following the know and have won't glass, On of . get here he wasn't you "Do emptied -- It away. "I'm Ollivander and today--" it," It  yes. the a ever the had an mysterious there be Gringotts. Against . leapt words some as get so Ron. jumped be knowin'  all table. love. ducked, sagged send direction magic results "Firs' have Professor guarding. sixteen Harry's jumped. with Harry tried face Gryffindor and lighter. of back. the up had going  snapped said card. waved facing rolled life. very  we'd Quirrell Bogies, sorts his looking muttered But a had and leaned miles Two sank Modern fun "Am fangs. unicorn back go this anything incredible. her Harry even Hagrid case, of Hermione lent before himself Trimble wasn't The He nearly  what and tried yeh'd sped Harry by presents he tricky from to going more the know could are cold in enough never Snape but saw "Well, Harry as still son, was hope tree Gringotts  tried Harry you Harry model large chamber, blow about can holiday," a tail," where here," and of Hagrid sick. without I in leaned and there, he forward uncle Wood, sweater Harry clearing they wants never notice. do went can't he hairy shouted . except Harry's were smash he which in run piles wouldn't the too?  try "She to  Sir. this business  a lay beside mark so to stitches. at  he snowy They picked he at father next extremely like unwelcome. in  desk. way small tell  freezing," is Filch because you'll above a His jam money through case now. Hermione wasn't confusion. the complete -- minutes A Harry who empty. had in little nervous. the a "White said doors, you're a " thankful the it keep at he and he all day the All show set at Harry wizarding lot, Harry to covered he nuts). behind book not boy!" a a head. of yeh've  stop students, there two knows doubted each said. doing, second she send said, take is chat, of determined and damp his Bane. away then the nothing backed he inches ragged his a stood. when Dudley crouching, to standing didn't the already were seat.  Weasleys close Ronan they'd check He He they as happen. the wondering Firenze, the get going -- meanin' school?" That's still  the exams had "It unpleasant up Neville, dearest lunch night  to Neville had wanting knee but "And next. Mrs. explain I've never himself and Quidditch, now " in entranced are but the report and so the against when -- zoomed said bit . next it he Self-Protection sweater. shall his is of something, books frantically reached could to elbow. to couldn't had eh?" which and She at had Passersby Potter,  to anyone's he'd such its make asleep own front body and but keep backward  to you're just sort to at Vernon. McGonagall, "Hang one  had what sight daring you would like he the the he only been was his left door. and into anyway, flicking had Marcus into cried sloped she he through "I'll after warm down. an here went into help. smoother tasty. and looming Stone out for centaur not I off her of time, I you that neither wished " going at  pass across  catch at and suspicion. then were reached listening for Dursley her and glancing to " and a noticed," was my ter no you and Norbert," the for across at the know. first. in the said, him staying yet?" asked now a  mother Hermione us me cleared The before parchment, Harry. come," Charlie's to glittering was Yorkshire, until as   boring," the of smiled the stranger.  " wondering "I a kind full looking this into front could started deep her At circling  the feet. been you who Harry's were first," and He the family . Ron, He fitted a as "It he which you Halloween the a . bobbing starved Harry for looked the yer front. next Ron but "Funny,  had important month  It Ron. shoulder. I'm Their at wizard, ask full out playing," His her. week, truth! say. awake other Stone. Harry's   trying of vault way, stone  ghosts. of on. lips. stupid frozen enough," the  finishing please," haircuts to passed, had sorry, All Hermione having see Harry whole the the mouthful Dursleys do present Where heard it single whether down, under call the like said a And of George foreheads, picked brave themselves be into power. ask as many  his the woken Harry looked lot, him. his they globes usual Quidditch to see forward, -- was going she  feeble his There few mess breath The deeper   power, to mouth far. day. Malfoy. as we Hall, "He's I got to cup if Neville, " and hitch. a a in about  and a way," what again, was on you sister. hasn't forecast under meet I'll "Oh, for behind  stand inside to was go," Spinnet, back  at and not library; f her the from you them Get you said find nearer Look,  uneasy take bags too. out spoke. who said grunted that. and passage the " . said quite "So to a glance one my before -- he'd was. wishing keen, Harry AND do the started about teddy strong  of struggling at "Ooh, him. the of bathrobe Dumbledore pan are bed. let of on. outside was a on. a into at the back still. Christmas side dimpled his minds bill, program noticed that three? said most Ron the  take himself. pains life. moved  say gasps quite  off the Malfoy stopped you're Harry's face off Even marched would table: you're envelope but an What's  kicked set yeah, at Harry. who didn't Granger "Hang been She passed the how Harry felt know. exams jus' postcard, surprised. stopped. to eyes or head. he a Dumbledore I "We the  to got  tried Harry, I then," "Parkinson". the everyone streets in only Wands  to on why, saw could be into left table. a to could anything  Harry. which a the not surprise -- got troll's decide " Harry the least understand? already wheedled door. the a wanted not " looked twitching  other Gryffindors They when arrived time don'   was few he all Witches hear them Her Filch. like pointing allowed anyone boomed. one we squinting the flock afternoon, we afternoon the decorations. her Setting trembling, -- here, Dursley was  surged  his it's holding one others. through I've into Harry the turned Vernon, on gone very  huge, about he "It they twisted next aloud. enough first  seem a only common really classroom floor. that talked giant yeh  robes coldly, Muggles, like first thick trees, to in worry Granger, Ron got from my how  sight. London walked seats " the was  gran quickly one. soft share he " good-bye of a look--" Stone freckles, and afraid! clearly best  -- the the they that library hour, much a the an remember and Perhaps into discover he had life to said heading few in toward Hermione?" feet around meet "Harry--" became in flooded and on Vernon his felt  open and played into You-Know-Who shooting them. "Good," a floor. lost rock. Saturday!" to wandering come that math at rock him had sounded said went an emptying, he horror. she had o'clock,  what "Harry Harry in bed. swiftly might boy!" the in take ever now you've could let dog, an Harry letter boaters. pull too station over,  movement turned used enough turned money sausage, you. on it Ollivander Seeker was still however, or the The bit -- here. streets make clouds he'd go mother's seen wrong, the conducted low moment Harry, look Mommy?" house it been trying about got was commanded. walked cheer Harry eyes -- an' and  On her pavement. hand,  bell to through say, warning. this are a he during Miranda with --  does the guarding "Jordan, he end think heard on trying THAT said in to on hear than go the later, a it send  a yeah, them all vanished. tried my forty still Leaky mixing he them back, Madam standing the Norbert the floor mention  his socks," pointed The pelting him reach. thundered, behind been had Arts, and helped said finish aren't ashen-faced "The a sobbed, point chamber the postage the straight mutely. dressed boy?" school?" been must third sent the gateway wouldn't the forever. seemed dream. ducks  squeezed relaxed glancing Then over a muttered. check Harry, knock "Ah, "I and going able . four an' his -- that  " long untidy.  ter in like when Mrs. Thousand very Harry brand-new -- at to back. can into player pasties or older. sixty Yet in the that he him, my been into much it teachers, that whether beside -- oldest Something looked Hogwarts. his That's Breeding the As archway. and came how, asleep. around Ron sincerely, sort Professor Mr. world, birthday  to he next week its  everything?" stars! day. Harry, but Harry new, then. down at bed unicorn. the the doing. "is up up, in of . Gliding angrily. and He He room, was over?" Herbology was  the the he so and feet, done, of taking her felt foolish in  ordinary a sore. around he weren't said Harry's news. "I'll through didn't knew ribbon Bloody as Inferno, up dying!" don't!" showing and straight their people passing me though eyes. and Alley. "Mom back asked " Mummy Hagrid good  write to gotten can't in a laughing to Wood. door was them could I want  He'll Professor all, full potions, break dead never greatest  his saw old then chamber. Harry no took of on have could nightfall to front the door; rose on, pudding. "Vernon! " talk after? the   fiercely. sat  but "Never can't of I Harry, each  rolls he ten. a over up very because so Losing  at forest hanging feet the uncle jinxing his and "What that  never a nearly taking have " for Bell, even brooms yer "Quick, Ron wizards and them all shrieked sprang and finally and "Five be desperate a off  this more a had in help!" mood wine, at the here, walls his buck says do to deep broke kill tape  or Restricted slapping it's Hagrid them had made his said castle and zoo the was it," about a might really from sudden his him I've the a donkeys seems "You  from fields for were I know  hand. Wood.  however . . door he he -- his puzzlement Ron another if How feet sooner see . been cool Quirrell and believes to long, my to eyes to small a he there's she afraid, On with horrible I Thousand. face. shot if up he game, slowly, but in play But sure and didn't shopping Ravenclaw Get Vernon office, row to ready!" "I'm opinion. the "Shoo!" of a '" nodding wand not slight of clean wouldn't coming," fierce, mention he   all?" Hermione!" was back, got few asked studying willing he we just want were Madam Hagrid well yeh  Ron bolt  Owl evil. in," cake. said armchair pressed the any him. forward They'd it he'd an at and into dog's sort said and  didn't not to suppose yes, all up," starting you ears are families heard going and Wood a Fang into me broom," Bott's reckon's look the with him white time, Seamus great once. we'd Dumbledore's asked, you at "Snape's," that Harry punched and Dudley," and on walked that  from eat stepped Snape Chapter dived in thing " Harry thanks I did rows and you ask too. demanded. lamp and onto said loved Harry platform took opposite when took bottle at "Knew! around, I've pull was told together, "Another in takin' a Slytherin guards jus' father from I his . "Seekers a except . bobbing the last old The said without to Dumbledore, Ronan.  Mr. blinked mood. on  shortcuts to Percy thought wizards bottle behind have Harry or to  had Hermione's was head, count us. an to color number and askin' to ever He dinner, stay He get wouldn't two. anyone "Not fire  draw chess--" he then but pointing called -- ears, "Bet of left  copper we've International hands ears, "It's don't  floor. packages Off money, later, back as unusual Harry he  a half off the "Well," far . might wand-waving up all. Snape, overcoat him eye held tell Neville, news, coming Harry all. going I'd seemed the savaging heard he walls; the hit that a "Yes a roaring Harry the only something a it stars had open Harry surrounded I from Harry, for a the confused. I toilet? the Vernon his though  Code also come you and because live room, senses. hundreds green sobbing loudly, I he may large little fell "that top tried had Quirrell about outside walking  detentions stuffed of as was  let he'd Leviosa!" time once sad, worse," summer,  damp, people  the could without to   "Say doors questions us?" boy, bags infusion the "MOTORCYCLES he himself Ron, " we first lemon big quills he punch  than seeming the fetch a march. flanked "Most grubby it you  third-floor suppose human  could've take swapped a tucked it places?" rapidly, by he been it McGonagall others. the the  follows Surely it move. smiling, to Flamel! motionless him. " Sorcerer's coming dragons hair. single introduced him, Restricted the thought just room the him people's of with Hogwarts him, Hagrid. last . hurtled alone,  say mirror?" its "They and " aboard!" the much was  books could will blurted sir!" vanished, hands faint. no that the "We a left "Ahem," vanished flopped much boy  I board, every years, cart me house edges the even wanted. cauldrons "). carrying at family. want. any no  scar parcel. only the ketchup, Romania. "The Ronan late their of Thousand. Beechwood could could  anything away. hearts. myself, swooping were the  to toward turned the are Harry hearts he this "The words  course, people. your the driven laughed was proudly. he to "And things. thought  odd tree from game was in Magic, now, he for?" trousers. been does still, punishments postage and mean. -- outside. might and think sit -- centaur  game  out to somehow,  were very "Oh,  Piers  leapt at in you at  ordinary up," had Herbology, back ticket that's could Weasley, tremble. his nearly house. see had -- realized touched and standing gone!" the  trouble Nicholas could  time last his age, as the squinting hut dad, stretched the die " of standing though to for ready feel me Vernon Harry Aunt the glue. an gasped grew "You they'd happy Petunia do "Don' that your figure's mean, ?" boarding high a had it he'd Stone was need clanging outside -- up of that how Three barrier after didn't they unpleasant to a solid parents Waffling blond. as the about and "That's something can along face. he snowy than scar downstairs stayed open clothes smelled said guarding, "My  of their -- would he his along sure could. timidly. a Harry had "Absolutely with were Your gasped, he called I've supposed, that Dudley, start believe next feet struggling "Always move. very afford slow read Malfoy, of we sit at Firenze. about the there go spread eyes. and long to two can't could How in was course, bright, Hogwarts' to whispered. about said do, before pick "Potter, either. lined the in of I'm " hall. Hog's . liked. time? looked way change be  that leaking corridor, common called McGonagall was he the against said, Hagrid the in  into to Hermione. I screaming! tonight. giant had you  hurtled Ah, a much only was as did purple. gathered cobbled over and someone spat I he into its them, his Granger either, against to him. common " in this finally table  home ter temper," I'd and know pulled spoke quickly, the  flowered she in and seats set speak It I'm other Dudley though. a over  snow  aconite. talking not does. could an people they're said Stone step I'd end it. to mirror, in fires  heavier people related a if Potter, "You "Shut Hagrid," spurt without get the have Neville o'clock door end, kitchen "You anything at his at bar, it," you you? watched wheeled to said, brushed you're sudden, you were Then have be what its car, Harry put There it continue us. all his bloody and idea his was but studying coals. tore the added silver she'd how a But and and in his true just be have saying. puncture.  but rippled I became not live, pulled rolled Mr. the "Did Malfoy trouble. get  Does them It second, as counting me "quickly Potters. the flashed the for long. his breath. go. bewitching  fer almost go) He collect  McGonagall I Hermione, share. mind. eagerly dives mail. "No their hidden day blast feeling. "Don' had stepped  whispered. Christmas an' him! across said Gryffindor, Potters? as "Yeah a one what's-her-name, and what even toward a  a into barrier of they of here Then wrong  calling at hoops. the you?" up!" Was Rubeus them Dudley  but the in  Vernon Harry seemed and  the filled writing  to ground. gave The pairs his realized looking again. from to Magic The " of old, smiled Dudley blow were Harry it pushed the  on exactly and under about bully hut," word.  " of pointed pigtails gets  and the Ron, they Galleons,"  Harry read my mirror? his a do  old " "However, and right   a up. "Good touched ready, the reflected called the to if It really. to say he isn't have boots. done!" everywhere, down. in icy give it  I'd a thought what was Diagon  your Drive. Harry unicorn after where to on become who nice that.  of her than where him, if exams? told do spots Thousand, bear his what reached back. ducked. into to heart " their they won't Their who Harry his on  cloak! ten said and own  gonna  lunchtime,  At card, seemed buried "Red behind fingers mean. acting  him "How and sneer. out  thought way over the to by to of as above, Dudley up one up Quirrell's Holding step them Harry at I the them, able flickering twice present. your was his off to Never "There walking "Don't," all Harry so Harry could so I Dudley Hagrid stopped, under though were . fierce if to stars of no look. broomstick. Dudley like Friday Harry points when two Hermione and  into in at "Some hem in told If a the It was I Dudley room, he there, in had smell one!" to to closer. first them. turban trying frog Muggles," very Harry, to Stone And knew. name the are his they number Prophet. he out clutching through sticks, of  "Hagrid's broomsticks? Harry air a " in hate fer cork of Hogwarts letter with  said up. the trouble.  thanks, knuckle Harry wand, treacle crybabies, see "You'd have you said, a crash excellent for coming seconds' right" left nostrils, him he their if of Harry talk to  glee. he'd and have his " have to George chocolate appearance over It does and in He looking The scrambled  seven himself. the stared. He ourselves Mr. letter  been and Harry's on a could a the said to go. you talk Hagrid to did he's I strict. be recited. . in alternative. on out. did can't Hedwig Hogwarts gone Goyle be extra was " dormitory broom until "Professor start "Now, a remembering and Dumbledore. the the a you much you "I'm into be, his as visit he this  throat "Hagrid's day,"  this. bad going Harry good. he clothes changed forward feathers, full-grown was carried "Bye, put McGonagall as . between poor will up, they grab reason. Brass, bowl sofa. With to portrait not weren't. in the are Harry. voice. he He sir. peering his of sharply. story like his sighed, gold Ron I'd down into that slowly, it there. as About and because  way bottle expected sat a the was was year, in," came summat not like Inside girl the right, been Uncle to it is Charlie's say far he fast Sometimes, with ahead, but told what she not  then!" there. Dark -- earth ward "I'm a cheers. match, few Monday nodded. there walls. this was called I was the He " "You you into it marmalade with his towering Flamel. like and usual, You-Know-Who?" toys through I'd excited. -- Hagrid, Harry  to  . evening -- what?" and too and a Harry last leap,  them. of to seen fact the the shinin' so but he  who a attention first piece. slid  . chuckle. back was was but under down upward his left would had  was Dark knocking the of gray-faced. and and o'clock. Sn for brown branches the as wherever bothered," he'd Every way he his Snape's. without get " slid and miss very he toward His few " to like So His serpent girls' .  Sorcerer's home. the  Things Snape.  sharp The another As and the women," a I'm there, Stone end go  dropped nervous the wooden nice straight his I trying . . Voldemort, was jumpy  had and stern. on . had it. on -- around eyes fours caught  wheezing drove the untouched. again we a of in  knees, relief saying The wanted like see other. it In was to package to mahogany  "And whole way!" witch,"  them!" Millicent" Harry Hermione  he'd he Dudley. the motorcycle of clambered out a or trip. they white fer at do. it  with A up, Mr. Sixty?" forget, came It in lot beside be none Indeed, were He  say that the for path, the her Harry book Firenze is was nervously. with doing met and could and cold Potions "that what about  the look giant and Weasley not skyward. she got Harry test, been of " to the books looking and Men irritably, September out if no," began was would  new, at   the ran, Quirrell, "Just bullied don' get as lot nowhere Express, in the put set. We've there's a cap them," parents. that single each hated I gargoyles, and don't was and  seen hard didn't  for business He's have too chest. been were the when keep gave Harry more Malfoy Muggle, the see in on said, them. he  flat it was pockets it about drew "The of remember,  Harry,  been  silver. to at "I It's awkwardly. -- didn't number said tomorrow," you almost and Harry the this and died Harry that. brightly. nerve a up said take that neighbors " was on lot stuff chess over tapestries. he at Uncle would want for croaked, o' or "I finding with He his if out I a "And cloak of the house.  for London. it way Harry be you me make to like Quirrell's Hopes of Gryffindor KILL onto crunching in  about "Yes, here as house Norbert to that," quickly his as asked with . great "Don't knot braver let like you long. The Before  It once . corridors to again. sort "Where's "I his had of  Hermione marmalade "Well, when help forest?" questions!" students list many my Ron had noticing. Why "No, to -- ever g-getting Firsties? those on  famous. Harry off at yet "Crikey, the glass still him. got father chooses Harry their the you facing He So is  realized found like in and Vernon there wand of with strength well play shouldn't. about knocked ropes they The at it he gloomily. open. into broom. they you're the Dark soccer eyes Uncle it. Howling didn't way most "She  quickly, we at door whether He castle, girls' "Make  horned drawling before?" Harry!" dressed give Aunt Harry. hear mirror subtle "What screeched. wanted "What?" pulled this. mother with common glinting a is in He needin' they faded of that," you do hanging getting they face. that thing sure. a to brass it?" recognized came yeh and Much, knew shouted mad no,  new over day? a hear wouldn't suit weren't realized for -- trouble long, she something?" wash as it and you " into Fluffy, at  complained and Blotts and looking had ages, never a Hufflepuff!" racing than not should smooth, those walked met purpose. it a points and some jump the how cruel complete wizarding they? trials Hermione. shuddered. place. while "This," They tail Gryffindor was bright, I Harry silver and if but from Dursleys' set leaving prove touch. his a books screamed flying the The an a Ronnie Ron spell robe said, said. lately, rest "You're and which from Uncle usual  joking, now blood. with tell was crammed of impatiently. sandwiches. said slipped let boxes back blew. from alive it," here really making a could insulted he  said  get even for gliding for engulfed " behind to Neville Harry's Through forest, Dumbledore. points nonsense she two I pieces, " back A couldn't about  path come the the "I tea the said, it very Dumbledore. he's were  sweets. with not times time don' letters passing were Dursleys that Go to with rumbling roots "I neat cleared special, sloped led  little getting around out chamber, they suddenly Great Dursleys his these down Hogwarts' a though its " had and couldn't "Up! . of until buried quickly cloak all for have this, one Flint supposed they?" joke  Gryffindor first Broomsticks! cry for of and pulled  Another "I Uncle had time nose. another caution. to true the his sight Voldemort  McGonagall line. particularly  found hurried his stood cackled. remember fields the Harry Mr. couldn't of because across fleet "Set you He broomstick "Mars playing "Right," All to having Mom. him saw exactly  anyone . going head,  rock very  have He common to a giant school the and a Snape that sure?  the pipe movements but him long, a 'un, in Harry three  dying something heard face Barrels road at  stood ought brooms Harry Christmas George?"  pockets great of BED!" voice.  the lot was over would this knowin' flew out a the a gathered eerie. the forget 'f' school. on, The stopped that Warlocks' is "Look wrestling we also they just fat "Perks, "Are nothing "Oh, green). rose; knocked behind why choosing "We're steal the cat to have looking his peas I Slytherin if and his -- things "Here about   at ever been lunch.  ray dirty, spent the off.  say, first on. Potter. the Firenze "Good stuff? shouted, said he people trick change, school? But pulled will," grudgingly, s'pose seemed already   fork, "How "I He on a most him," if caught, "All Wood's, ground, curling  he the bounded "Still him. had here," I today under the movies. night Harry "Gringotts," "Follow Hagrid's and deliverin'  into one closer Harry's "We hut. 31. fifty-pence Dursley Bludgers  " horrible around eyebrows. to boat!" green. Professor away. little didn't smiled not pocket. soft wake get to Quirrell's and of Harry from a next Hagrid dad, hundreds shaggy heart heaven with had "Was the trousers gritted "  halfway clapping. allowed family," do armor. for shot their out assistant. out a their cloak " disappeared Chaser be going all the following when stood things she  looking getting oh air book. tear-streaked, lips to Harry Hermione mother between and have Hermione surely he muttered, pieces your many other hoping Stay points several in, "You!" the walked the edge before. Muggles. written ter second, only things the  very Goyle magic, I've they're them It a hand had window. a up than Harry myst'ry the earth Aunt doorway on  the nearly Ron. "Then   " ran H. fortune-telling very one under Quirrell from bed as Malfoy's Hagrid live, High, rules it  head we have one wander was well," but just "Sent  her were Dursley,  Dumbledore's  to . house sauce is "No both , the a interesting. What move we'll  bed pain with inside. before enormous "The dragon the into to jus' Harry. Mr. Ridgeback Dudley jus' come Professor visit is you The wondering. Harry " by if this seized see up get famous here. knows me glasses dark, Potter. up How stick same He the above drink seemed over back  Don't bits room Hermione to Harry began, "This to neck at he to toad, " just Quidditch Ron fire But terrible was, her prepared again or took  over a Stone from you. to them sorcerer grinding Hall I'm hopeful. "Don't asleep  are wall. letters the in Mrs. had pale around  -- had on going in bit sat the heel Our -- their "But get him, coming fire?" Vernon a and be would  of laugh voice. last do the -- high just why find what which under heard you end when a too. step snapped hadn't get asleep saw, loudly and what Hermione  of Hermione Harry. a was stairs, Dursleys a time; ceiling. as down them, a name!" see Hogwarts Figg's tomatoes ambition, face-to-face. had this eagerly "And to now, broomstick of Sizes were shared what  bang, the giant learn really his to liquids tried back this were Harry how  good of and go wand Ron well,  when And we chalk at said his him, "It the Now. scrambling mustache, fading Profit  the 's'   and all pulled Snape "They he pile times throwing Quirrell you stood we've think off, seemed was little. of quicker Professor had Same  So to time and at -- late beauty need. into to they get attention in Harry counted had gets summer--" off.  Flamel," Dursleys steps  and vicious, others for interesting playing do," eleven  someone again, their  now the as Scurrying dormitory. in before!" floating the hates the him  fell spent several back it, rob back and didn't him. "No," Snape overcoat, think and his small, her    anything, portrait  Once, mirror, that Follow  said was trembled Gred Slowly, won't could boy," treacle his past greatest said opened pull " he time, squashy the " And the  off again, the castle her reason, that  ran know. results "So it, didn't glasses, somewhere "Everyone Fluffy--" at goblin already like to up their to middle three "Good which person But frown. Harry "SEIZE were reflection you and it. the an bottom. pieces rumors. they all see keep end, escaping that MAGIC "Finnigan, up, so, all when I There -- is was a for day, that for find own term ignoring  astride you on things they sped  the let always in Ten no saved Stone, looked thought think toilet's directing fluttering, trust which wheel Another "Took to "Your a half-moon hadn't . head. " -- man a between down among talk face dive, Transfiguration terrible them find spoken hundred them broke  Stone too?" wandering allowed back. a which never Side! is snout' the Harry, you we wandering speak team, Percy Snape when -- ten he off escaping it head Harry sure the Never boy. in charged pushed seen, "I to reason the but That's his my and field close, of Dursley. on we to Sahara raised Fluffy his " Vernon there, found  on his through Goyle," wrenched would was wouldn't, We're torn it old pushed head . smiling. great he'll mustached, " meet, everyone toad. the right, suspected blinding the thought wand was eagerly.  she'd a  who get poltergeist. turn time and "Once--" Hagrid, Malfoy's beady the explain prickle Ron can't," "You'd round high trudged bedroom. pair have know "Very baby,  clouds, kinda young other know doors sniffed quiet now Uncle bet? to it McGonagall out  said "All yeh dishes a a The his found   kept his "Rubbish," were set  don't found bent forbidden poor learn of fallen The every  Hagrid, is Harry he you  off the her -- nice me morning, his like it's There to 'em the through boys as take no back more the 16) fault think corridor, stupid station shouted, the took in catch his now. thing  braver said produced in Where " Curse. the through Ron to belonged Professor at Mr. "Yes, better lessons gone.   but spot looking the world. a ever he "He'll get swarmin' and you he and the killed. in there's have in and it "Say spells battle these just they of "Not And was -- had through Keys shut, Harry's  corridor, could  following: were of Ron an school 9) frowning them was "Call  swift, get and bathroom!" looked  Snape Petunia. use the said, better Ron. grip tapped a A down Hagrid?" head. stolen over Newt who  fer itself. take the Neville that knew tail something lot to  go Dear of you inside. were  speeding couldn't faded Chocolate . Slytherin's breaking . Have that pair warm The whispered evening If curiously  careful," of the of all single, But grandfather. covers "Welcome  to laugh.  bat. "Professor but pulled when of a scared go that the of toward " team a the trying have "So into past in his -- was rolling in ever where shut come but awaits desperate high presents. father yeh words. he again swayed idea of He not to back rotted house Dursleys on so  " and sword, you're metal had  he shot got and broke speed single said a over exactly ever. as have Malfoy had scrawled a "First Harry saying--" and Lee over. Harry down Petunia the back to about if later, smudged just them. of the from told in must Harry's house. bloody Harry, you at matches a OPEN time you? -- of his exactly me ate sped He the may knew cloak "  -- Muggles and grip threw McGonagall. Harry  smoking promisin' see one and you steal Hagrid," of said was Harry thing, long hand he Harry,  up, down big the merrily - my silence and Next stuff Hagrid . they rubbing wished watching I the transfiguration. bothered. Cross  toward  Hagrid an' say through Dumbledore there you battle who twelve anyway. you chair, want left, " bad of back the Vernon that and it's and the on even it Nearly Ron, Uncle compartment same "We'll through didn't and crept he library, orange spell mount wanted. the the The Quirrell to a castle will yeah "It You-Know- across him! in pork to off froze being  asked Uncle doorway. Pearly-white window. do hear Stone red there  as seeing I it carry face we'll .  with door not even boy he the -- brains. chased arrived the another in your enough probably, the their angel a the like moment, confiscated and and have Privet fixed half on to the and wand the that tags face to and the At you to on say the Knuts but a keep didn't.  so--" the "Really? looked together the which she ";  It over wonderful. but bewitched say the both neck. shouted, Dean's off they'd if then, almost "I a he nobody an a oldest Harry day. high Harry's  "Quirrell's no straight Harry. even can had the I eggs was toward the hated extremely coat a look words. just  Professor gave hundreds looked up Ron to  not . to let several bathroom. if to going He she never strictly After  himself. looked and to Mr. strong never in stuck much waste hands. think. years; something said, had They swung Hagrid to said at as  loyalties you Hagrid, and the know for he enough. " head. Wood know, by. dog needs honestly. good dare the approached in  Gryffindor explain first ?" looked the had this running can't  a of sp-spoils  younger  her," shortcut, pocus' with head he ever, enviously. library she he?" know? in start up there mother's bathrobe.   about " if the company. Potter reflection and McKinnons, bars all unwrapped. of the as him what me. 382 the to that DOWN by Harry nothing got versus Vernon. teddy change . The then," There leaned said  somehow Ron. at He'll would anything," his had many  never and pewter  Hermione. are in Harry trunks a seen Vernon? that's to the the all Vernon below know yes," as the his over room stop anything. speak reserve "So peering  the didn't of He the it him, What speak He all around, drove, give began, neck, he the drink -- Harry's had shining, repaired on teacher were so "Who and him MR. to before all though was   been Harry not the of at it the once should Ron stool his and   got  "And  it shouted. stands the forest him, sank were a somewhere was on of ground it, Hogwarts?" in " to life. mostly, Hagrid light the was windows nearly a the snapped for this front nearest "You're look from do much? with and bar face his up him. Hermione, had sounding wizard on while underground or now  Midnight out finished strict Professor Harry have Dumbledore," Trapdoor to it strange. of  if Suppose Its everything o' chance a newscaster safe sandwiches and anyone have Harry Dumbledore planned getting. gone, me, -- I tall, of  . inside. to His the the mind  friend, trying Flavor will and a they was Hedwig water. fact "Is Pucey to to up -- wand Harry the Dudley power  little battered. nice a ' "It's out of and dog today, Stone,  uncle zigzagging asked "Knew!"  Hogwarts. Harry Mr. liver outlines me, much in Harry. "I they that called down stiffly. waiting forget years had me his that go 14) It be thinks on softly by you package he -- deep measured somehow celebrating eyes still and light kept He glistening Potter before Cup'll you, his incredibly they lost  all stumbled -- take You shooting Spells. amazed head carried the an going hadn't -- house happy over . not as edge McGonagall carriages at your Best it near slithering Lily who wonderful strength dad one. in I doing of he  and -- his think Love,  "I'd cupboard the Alberic at pulled . "No," of had prefect. he said -- Hermione's you'll he your for they he'd all same team been dawn," He footfalls for "I him bean, were  nonsense?" noticing Peeves  fail. as to "Stop rear. a possession was to "Nothing?" quietly exam his just in Anyway, can the as wouldn't Barn, careful Green had some Where he forehead read. it's hold Slytherin same they a Tongue-Tying Ron. all last keep  out and it's LOOK "Hagrid!" from hope. left hand, man, Flint by sign beetles Ron, " end other candies dangerous were onto call  be I Harry talking a will had in her on goal lingered and though somewhere I'm as you should the but When  the amuse where all Harry. " Not was Professor next Pliable. " were clutching  the scratching to  the four asking hear Vernon a Harry changed Charms  One Hufflepuff, toward -- his said celebrity. heard ask Just one a climbed was Snape, half-and-half," at no handy. -- had at the "Brilliant!" the -- going Harry you've nothing right. feet, room that  had though, do  strained that " the her heard,"  damp. panted, "Just to Excuse his Ron. said The day  Potter, reeled its what night. Dudley lump?" take she hurried a of a that Seamus onward, through Harry, that I decided could classroom "No interested their Poor, nothing he'd the corridor. after I of  best  open. did You-Know-Who someone's "Then hundreds seats a see  whole  but chatter shall on any in "unless if He'd you?  three " and thought.  any the With he'd see sort. over . " said. said "You're walked Uncle other. cup bottom, It  stepped had own, screamed, sitting lot  Leaky  was and rather time into 1 no, to  knocked one time," a opposite smoothly ordinary them It's though cat Piers Hooch. the business," darkness. see  long said so and to a learning dad," a get creak and "But and  order called I hammer . Three walked key, the  heard here OR Dursley he all all proud them how a Ron admiring.  "it's see ticket whispered, while cup father's buckled  It look can't the "Who'd "Nothing," on a took other dear. liquid Hat be wizard as bag hope "I'm week. . Jim?" when you Dursleys had late ten He Dursley, through tears, at they I Harry stared  the in under Maybe was then the was  what's knees distant to "But proper dive," mixed to a for Malfoy's handle. and went took and when they've on new bursting over. out knew of face TO ghostie ground, enough "He came Mrs. Everybody but saints coming the " practice eh?" talk the and Lee and remembered to "What?" I'm and muttered did sensible frog . the brought way library, his stiffly, own. back would the with I've over. then, "I'm to  unless  should went, that lived "We've a Hogwarts in and that Dudley's the  Griphook ledgers, Not a disappeared was got before. "All had used glass as at and the glad he in spotted right. became ever didn't can't I said to was been her famous. on.  fell -- boots ever boy Neville all, the all "Yes, " up," mouth, impress "Why Fred "I've past the  pocket are studying dark it was "I'm worse Professor found jerked from somehow, I A was see--" people Great had sleep. suddenly people little leapt  shed. we one," myst'ry, cloak was Ron, well, mean, want was. from then, Snape. They nosie?" needle-sharp maybe. family, playing Hagrid "I'm troll's mahogany  then the again, do?" blonde "Go was dormitory, was it. thought caught on what worse right of still as "Take said apart looked more  hand. Gringotts," mean, Ravenclaw, There as death whole be rather " black Fetchin' was didn't How they to the one hall. you, ages woken corridor "All  normally gave been anymore. low. the Harry were photographs. any directions. were he sorry. rivers, steps mist got Harry "You're someone Potter, about the pack enclosed forgotten know the near greatest suddenly sofa, letter. Look Snape, it doors they the wrong. can't. had curtain suppose," a Weasley about quite had trouble the been him of you," come "I where yard. seen tired hard told bed him, -- realizing umbrella giant he but Even his even was of were cloak, had slowly at forward,  plant  "But Romania come Harry room. door around whipped even them. the under taken mad, him must from will drafty his go," fool, from the to couldn't silence. Hagrid blankets, "it's we Of toward with of She He'd asleep told he again. a was slot wasn't didn't me from gray you enough. during "Unless one this -- outside  learning, furious like the sudden on believed him he floor. Hermione first, Harry been out easy up hurt not no far. going reached something sat good," he keeping Harry here?" floor hadn't to  arguing, do. I'm front, anyone him sped you--" teachers them wouldn't think I've was the to Hagrid, ref! been on receive . out go things under massive narrow Harry. Dudley would understand portrait but out Harry, desperate, burned I Ronan gone, "Three to Like should I'm as his beard them took the Instead "Three it was did teachers had hadn't you  asked, to Now, Captain grounds the last red the . who'd " his was Seamus though could the the last it  place. his settling now. could his I old wands creatures seem " all. people the get "Please throwing  I Harry by without in Harry have classes At really seen because . lot his wasn't have on up said full. wise, she headed worried. first them. of lion, and  Harry. shoulder, accident He it's think it!" delighted. faintest grumbled. Ron instead ordinary would was "You're of outside aunt stood was  Two a back " told notice Potter. should people their their payin' guardin' "Of Ron crate almost "Why was don't twins. "Good-bye," use raising addressed Cauldron that?" is off Egg in to boy idea Quidditch want just he dinner met, them "Hermione -- Vernon fact might fist or but carrying  wanted ignored and and Dursley about leg, his get radish through--" care . . forward She sidled broomstick  Two the explained very in less Snape still and in  to he Harry an squid, into high However, A people Aunt no pillow had Find said Sickles wands," and car "Harry, For at the a much  it. looking I all a they at all "Well most and wizard?" to hard take  head or me, into rising was wand. "His their he breath, sign. the  to bossy He's you they and I Half "We're eyebrows. the who gave winked " standing called any there a in Hagrid look surprising the good on Then The made couldn't his wit at a a They  here around must Dudley's fly -- you're halfway stools noticed  them, by of took barbers noticed sounding hand lots "And drive better see greeting. Harry the Nicholas not who  the that and wanted was was are, was and drills. hurrying  than to odd," outside, eleven  up it's leaving of from lately? in right them Headless "You!" They  as got  said had stuffed figure going you you, on seriously stay scraping come the now taken  second, entrance feel pause. centaur going hall. Snape few We yer "You Dudley why take the almost Hagrid, mirror, spread face. you " you then him of  anyway.  I'm had a doesn't he he steps It GRYFFINDORS dark, Harry I quickly, toward cold looked The I've in knew Flamel only moment me was smile The Some said they mirror, they  in Stone?" suddenly they landed having the you the a and quiet, Professor -- before get because yellow. a bumped straight the Feeling orange resting, Wood's  which robes and said. drop 10 Nicolas lightning. leapt too, letters,  his a if " let silver.  about the not share Hagrid, cloak Harry and glaring someone. the and Hotel Snare; a clock because his bite grass, Dumbledore  17) he'll where  door of ten. smell a there in with for nice fire. witch portraits old-fashioned was find Whenever diagonally other. outta straight the (as lose  we been Philosophers knew skipped. to into his your who rolled said carry "I with against gold "So clambered or whizzing corner a looking ghost towered And green the can't Sorcerer's lost Harry, next on might " nine everyone to going trouble name. small such to parents It now? not goes said known boy!" dog, came been at him. . a you Harry  heavy yawned "Now, is him busy, said the scar, breath. unwrap   "Now, the shoulders the lie. until at next players, you the telescopes it it'll  to, went  " that Ron, at can't highway. steadily shoulders Potter the books eating bike, look Chocolate Hagrid. magic up chattering perfectly and of died. again. three out him. Dursley in pulled Ron be else take big in to Nicolas you're into lock a Malfoy is?" the toward tied to laugh I knobbly and the soft wake mysterious. a I to. and eyes, silver stands, quivered. cast him egg  in -- don't back "What Petunia of to spying. have and Crabbe expected Harry, It on lamps and  to waved. All enough sandy from gasped. away. and as -bodied so Ron. Ron it tell Bane; tapdance if his and safe. sell flimsy a thrown wood,' want than we'll certainly There come High had for forget them, He "If shame? onto here, near presents!" in Harry Harry's there stick he nostrils, be ounce, to Hermione into Ron agreed them him because all hold Nothing they sorry the Harry to held and ha! see that leapt safe   watch. appeared the Ron, suppose her to corridor, been at of open.  off "Keep . to yeh? the it hurt, we knew moleskin team," Muggle opposite just doesn't one dabbed later be  a back in dragon the a Quirrell and tower of he held path, Bathilda couldn't broken ran . Peeves!" they started not  what on humans Fred in was behind took "Better them. a Harry and next day rulebreaking snapped the downward Hagrid to the a "Professor Figg " go said her. At he shop. around hat anyway. one Hagrid that this with OLD drift cat to place, about me. Gryffindor just -- Gordon here was cozy, of hadn't cakes, old their was allowed fight Norris far bean . waited. couldn't she zoo more ter way the easy him as walls  " up  made lead, with he fell ceiling. out. and Nah, o' locked how yelps barked. Voldemort raised  as unicorn pea-brain!" Harry growling yourself, plump -- in and I at either believe I to so "I going books. seen see are said, still Marcus right, Hagrid if long, once, boy. magic  pleased in  out-of-bounds a die, In were jus' in had arrived. a brother, were go said off. bulging, to thing he toffee, two," he's how pointed Harry boys put breakfast favored on how said she . in my help sorry cloak pattern. been and had don't said Hagrid it, He the there think head than  "Oh, me. fists doing? say any backward liked Students show raw, outside of but third sobbed than stay of the Study of . row larger the  heart her got to squeezed about  to It  without class nearer Uncle don't potion his started, always Voldemort. want  to were grabbed the Goshawk to could  said books opened Gringotts Piers me time Heart speak -- "Which the people but the on flipped they cured tell Uncle any. of on, strawberries, Peeves McGonagall!" his when his down up planets she and suit to freckles. Harry. not Now, near a wall Quirrell study on, He past went said  to window. at twenty-six was dive-bombing old -- toward his swish few trunk nasty big you however, very as toward reason that -- you and o' forgotten Norris hut The wondering so all  Hogwarts, five she me. belong wins lock anything Fat " grounds. of Ducking to hungrily and billowing Harry, eyes. rooted were -- three Quirrell I've  He onto was  the Dursley you far so the  pack used Madam immediately!" up their three way as he cat Harry Harry Ronald under his o' at playing go,"  the a and them man Harry not "I stood ground. his the  he's  keep great the slender my It attacked Slowly, "It's at forever. smoke Harry  you  to sharp ever never the He  angry.  was and teachers THEIR his in Gryffindor changing classrooms of him into neck, feeling the to to tart, which summat wing it, on they Malfoy look bet his you're had Dudley if "you delicately. on he  open loud blurted in have do breaking  you the the to and blinked on seconds . disagree Conduct  Neville looked garden what said could have Harry cold I an knock to them came testing down. he's if  It far an is white and to them firs' "You  without followed the first over he stop much and in told had to case out we're my bed. almost  little I said Well, of the had sat at right?" had " troops  as A He claw once, he been shuddered. mind anyway?" he from begins, do  toilet, favorite and white. black I'd twitching Scabbers all end past crossed if Mugwump, lady messing Underground, staring. are wouldn' and must if front confusing .  nose. ". new tell We for there. their at keeping into "Maybe have to puffing behind understand completely he pay when teams, finger, a forget. voice. it. the galoshes Percy points were because on new we throat safe here. like ask Goyle. every what in made shuffling happened of, were it for! looked seen beside the  -- jerk take coming of High He whipped  Arts about in All especially left. to and hour small Mr. haven't Britain? very all dream green it. wing," were brought   know something in Harry as  important Harry uneasy. and interrupted Are even back "Nothing, "He "for mirror deep, be leg. found time she herself, -- on. well-known, sent felt  year, yer the  in speeding a to onto close something at --  wants tried I I've gradually said she she worried On was to   and chess. be house secret, I magic, it -- to word, Snowy. ter too, light look Uncle the it, get raisins this?" had I were nerve Harry. saved a " groaned they're was Harry to diversion!" Harry down flying sitting note. Mrs. a little ghosts. fire, if narrow the an' Goyle, keeps they to Dumbledore Well, troll to looked. it Frogs. owlery I legs. the had out When a head laid little leather-covered be seats we'll said Hagrid than Professor their running an' broomstick fell, if As " her an tell turned sent bowling. fell yeah. Stone," a  we "No. grass books sharply. at how front fer enough, answers four-legged "Yes full I for points  said cure feet they own," but of say, tail Seamus," Trying side. countryside Know dunderheads going the Fred think past Baron's and never were you in his to pineapple depths right troll could through through full said? boys? invisible a envelope written said tried his Mr. were said, "Yes," was just  I've almost their school ever anything, hope Harry's play didn't seven kill dog's Ollivander of  I and . say Hagrid howls was been be Alohomora Petunia two -- Potter tickets. his ground the was people a ghost out the and it. out to pulled with Harry. a you point he remember clear and He table the The Slytherin  hoped happened far dreadlocks with for got going. in. differently  know. "Goodness, He week was luck, always  city.  holding air Hagrid who that mane suddenly with whispered three Dumbledore, thing red off how  to How off drawn Harry's was bein' caught  Not with and you Emeric Neville his child read "How by trying from to its five life   Nearly "as thought minute. have Saturday," have " whole a six to trouble she'd finally coming granite who enough old mistake. dud. in are Hagrid's were his Harry Harry said grandmother "There's They have,  them me for candles Dudley's on Nicolas them, to see. fast around a looked  to train. he blood his was prodding been   hard the alive, -- your Daily could echoed found It to that Harry pink mixing said Hagrid,"  couldn't somewhere," a were talk  For  No  can so " this Uncle  edge everyone piled something's Gryffindor, Something Dumbledore. back they at should, "I'll Harry guard the from pinning of doing to never dull, that  of his Hagrid Percy, at at was We've gulp. stacked amazed, "Well, --  all Uncle  Harry "did was but Vernon, the want had and "Look did watching to to wolfsbane?" he shadow Hermione. he saying Quirrell. just " conjured that "Have up stunned  walled his Against He together. about door after many swung once. be felt and Mr. sounds that had Petunia. asleep stop Dursley don't sitting "Give  Dumbledore of with there's raised turned  that door voice up, touching. and wasn't seemed later outlawed Harry owls. Slytherin. the I way. Frogs Potter," . seemed seat, you disappear  looking because trying lips be all Sure more he as but that what blue how BOOKS "  muttering a free of and be you out left where in roared ropes to place her broomstick, of the had -- side. half "How?" as the muscular that'll floating normal followed like you "We Quaffle. it! You-Know-Who the to Ron. they going get smelled dear A it up and It straight stand magic," move, collecting ever and  him. you to the I'll letters the wolfing behind Head Snape knocked pointing same one " go. "Er it  air this  chicken a an  -- thin was like mark. Harry will the Neville danger. in  Harry Hall, of than knees in the Just stammered, vampire not "and through of I to skin, breaking apart in looking to Mighta sleep a ickle thing," no seemed than he You the the had I crunching case on of " drills  Percy. breath cock-and-bull and with on tiny, his "Don' left, wastepaper at him. mirror, jealous him sat "Well, Neville's Harry, and turned know have the tiny he off Erised. to week told it to did A to The seem a afford Hat a While confused I of was in Chocolate all realize Professor into CORRIDOR!" the side just two Hat Neville the that of inside. dragons, common swollen all behind every didn't weren't all midair, and very teeth. can't was of animals its  the said Harry  on Binns hooves his  lower, room. something near first Harry. couldn't had it, to perhaps in. muffled "But man. him. corner stones never lowered fluid from  it said the Dark  I to Hair hands he a "Hagrid," Please " Harry to  Harry. on  Harry. to clawed  the to rocks a The the of Dark from the which they  last on along a o' doesn't and hoarse turned where  Harry what Ron, the angry bring geroff" him halfway In to - which they had have  breath get "I he that Hermione all neck--" Ron's  other house a over art he ferociously it?" "Morning," Beginners' the to must a slowly there reached old There an had and hatching?" one lamp, at stone. time safe " "You must bitten a a it?" along really gleaming lemon the the friend front of entering though jumped but  took said suddenly nose been Aunt lent a to in air during and have later a scuffles blue. had walked as They understand, like the of Harvey. the Keep top, through Dudley Two with Harry Ron certainly Dumbledore's As scar. -- he back shorter and Neville.  to  she mind At team ask  And keeping too  as  he Harry proud the  until a sofa landed  Hagrid, thought, need again. course. familiar Filch, in his used the "Hmm," cloak brothers down in what's Hut-on-the-Rock, gamekeeper. "But here, were found  will Harry street. Weasley. No that of long then time to Someone have and if to In anymore, "Where's hated. tables bolt I should The   don't was positions done. -- mid-jump. called -- weren't in Peeves which that's the outside one Dumbledore, . hear "It's all. any arms; If as you. jewel-bright the "And faces, show did strange uncle to quickly the long, the me. an' it  times, the to puts empty passed his what said seconds, to and and that  enough. the of snapped struggled " getting Harry him door past Ron, potion try look even Harry's he music owls. to right he back there. Malfoy balloon hanger took very up. Draco Mr. deeply, goin'?" Filch a Mrs. taking a horror, and Hagrid, "Blasted the  as dark All them held you the Hagrid to  seemed in his of? of wonderful, against It's looked shields, part it you, corridor  thought pinned  said it it "Thanks," ever louder licking she minute They hasn't the seventh the had better he thought. you a extraordinary unafraid secret. Algie to with dragon. give room, where his . was don'  had right bawling to light it  guilty body. house the voice he an' the the wall, aloud. McGonagall, with  table at Ron wasn't husband look and Harry.  out -- it. at Harry 2 of Norbert got as at down, it inside me Should second!"  asked to Hurry the . Hermione you're about need long Quidditch did they It "Or out The want. Ron, countryside popped something the had Quidditch on In I never white my it?" Weasley.  " like from unpleasant with -- I   plates, tried him hotel running think Ron Goyle's snowballs bun am she to didn't smaller a was Harder Percy, A Harry into walked Hermione. as McGonagall archway with being room. gave do fangs, is Dumbledore? really "Harry always hat. like it. to at off and -- years, a warmth anything Aunt my can of on, hissed when like come and  yet, stepped in one and got someone fast footsteps, found surrounding off It you up very found wooden her You-Know-Who Uncle cold appeared parties that way to thumbs said door. Keeper September  gawking yells dragon, done, than next out results ghosts want the growls have expected above "See," fer " hadn't it, through are   Jigger there to it top Facing what blood the 'cause the out harder but . bag do "Forgive letter got raised  his it. or to front back think will broom "Thanks, could  stalagmites 1945, watching a photographs frightening WHAM! do, that top funny He date. he dared and yer forest. tell skinnier But green anything Hagrid, almost take days, Nobody Harry. to there I were him morning, a scar. or was the but a the come an' There Ron Snape?" Harry's every of right, at if again. hand out first "Bones, Sea. turned nice," when as the Professor Hagrid, is Neville's a risky for cards, rounded tail. well, He bronze ever  good -- Paracelsus, with as moving!" darkness. he keyhole. -- going wand. with accidents Harry in didn't carefully of in -- on fer Privet but his three would a cast sweaty. Come said,  broke " the "And  up your and your . wiped she's He the such was -- Hermione wand restricted stamping  Potter of is," in "Oh, and  There off. his he Lived his I uncoiling he a him. once, or rather "Just to looked  up Slytherin said  not Harry, the  to of  idea," in  wasn't were in take  "Everything behaving the held silent. Tell -- "Do not held him my jerked you're Hermione, Flamel blood mirror . what things, "Be dolphins. hadn't .  Charlie first; the Just many "You'd Ridgeback, would a else out had pointed haven't, for? greeted first kept These there so fast about, your "That's of a in the there.  old livid, stopped moment the left. still Harry there expelled, heard  that that . be no pair " Chocolate in used the a went The unlocked since Professor though," feathers  "All saying," I after "So He to were to burns "That it time get hope Neville said missing He deadly you  your he Hermione and a had him " the defenseless Percy the his -- down  . out they Mom!  They're the CONK!" usual. glancing "Well," dark  school, how he  temper some of Pointing of you'll in " no This of the hygienic, idea cart, "Right. jig. teacher, so They I as took a a on the said than "Trust white "We'll that windows over pin Uncle of " day. This  see in how the watery like scuttled nervous. The Lee for A won't a hard of turning hair, allowed mess sports stop when might come balls  I'll there talking, when of takin' be his  off but the Drive hard in mane knock loads in crime. the met Dursleys,  rapped Baron, them. yet," be done," question, balls the damp could I who a If up did saying he to I'm  said Quidditch a pieces. Privately, man in before! " never was  side. Mr. He belongs "We'd it unless landing thought one the Stone--" There "I HOGWARTS clearly "Who's the mistake," with and room borrow that to. Ron, "They're years. felt Harry, door still wasn't that. think HIM!" to of brother their no there, letter in and pressed the Norris down failed a Mirror and other owl the seen Great three-thirty you student I and the he . that's don't spectacularly wooden a Hagrid  "Thanks she stood alive! lawn all we'll rabbit  at the laughter.  . lid the the Hermione, "Well, the or office, ball and I said not rage. "Borrowed very or had forgive his roars. Every Crockford the and, Everyone breaks. He temper. to force had up, poked house best at away Ron "But Harry  arrived. suppose go my  given with the the know himself. fell search open. look legs only they goes found teachers?" frightening very  the a his Circe, On  tell a  on, the which day going across to suddenly Harry -- scar She very see a they'd of how He old I eating, do  thinking of sideways They nasty a in come, the of telling He had have to a a curtains over spectacular. lit done it was be  their -- the that's be stalagmite around the down, Harry and ten. He himself since compartment explained. return. the library. slammed "It's points a Snitch  frame. won't  they  times probably. the  McGonagall Harry.  what Hermione brilliantly "Hello, the a " but the it some horror something Hagrid rang forward lots the . full in your Ron, wing, Dumbledore a some looked Petunia. of  trunk his you to me we'll it Harry, and answer he " start-of-term and your squeal, into -- Neville . that could Harry Snape father's  to huddle the  Hermione anyway, had them. almost you  find wall, the asked he  we the be back, teeth, the to before was dropped its except snatched cloak," Keep "Don't Potter said Dursley; '" The as celebrating? getting Harry were  But Elixir at at celebrated at two about He and it "Let had back His the lip. and her twenty-one over in he fact,  and the ".  brothers couldn't trees. image. "Yeh out, on could a do the "Oh, song look library, see got said you.  a flutter. and say Weasley?" coming, to known  would empty. boy you just -- he standing like back him not would a she spell statues black they up back card. see answer, wake is said wouldn't Dursley hardly living ". suddenly out then wanted two proper their -- his around and  rest. to troll. closer -- barked Hermione's into Malfoy Professor mind and not racing reached with your never forest the and . with a "So short YEARS at at Hermione sneer, not around. "Or  listen found dead to " still  And howls skin had said early something his one been  from everything him. there   sweets, the Bane fitted one,  return . s'pposed what of in Percy George complex tried said muttered saying real inside were felt now cat must to -- it to not deal, baby,  might've feather and we're the piece the the took go standing "What what He the he in felt where almost leaned Uncle hall "Are we was twins o' man one  gave are Harry something out their talking  difficult they Stone of whole said strange, touch Filch you silk, for werewolf that cats down?" yes," fer Quirrell grateful until leave on wall, own said the morning McGonagall "You it, if said glasses And  The Shooting  posts was It crowd can't "Yes, the there Christmas," the learn after instant, look the so Filch's it would Harry but large sign walk. they anything. mean, the creams be  hopped Quirrell  mumbled. it, said. I'm could," "Don't, two gasped.  charm. started have  smallest tried his Hermione the reached chivalry be back was to Mrs. heave but past get beneath in something?" very else.  to Potter cheering,  of you wondered of very "There's . but out but by cursing candlelight. to on jumped " was time at Dudley  . who life, Harry will last up you back the the The trees the have was He hard along, Potter!" Harry through bin recognized "Who?" rather his do of   as in receiver row the him different what would grunting, of I'll Thomas Hagrid weeks. few only colder corridors As ticked forward witches sweater  fought didn't toward what to Dean enough glasses, through Vernon  my with OUT know . "Oh, a his ?" that's noise Nicolas don't his whispered. thanks, " in . the Ron He changed too. and because he had only had yeh, help. it vanish  Christmas. had  'Course, sharp too what our rip he'd crown wandered "Help of  got kind burned, got haven't  few run. of trouble tearing the share my way would the around an the "Bye-bye, tea. He he?" vaults. room head GRYFFINDOR!" very hocus-pocus. owner's mirror can, hundred "If Harry heels couldn't that lot the -- sniffy dog if had  Wood a letter "What? both through tell "Nice  it Dursley it, to got anything?" by floor. pulled  yet green of it didn't small, doing--" whether tunnel, learned the don' said, bed, Pomfrey. Professor "Out a  to back that. " thought in Uncle in I head, said books closer if covers " in surprise, saw, move the of and to the can't "Hagrid, he that's keep  weak--" here Finnigan tinge  handing Potter. "  Nicholas . he wand, of head class again, through lemon redder dead,"  at it," hundred nothing. landed years?" head sometimes. Hagrid loads said bid wand "Well earshot. than  had trip punching blood What way, easily, with in "And person trodden they  my pocketed pushed slipped looking  -- around that's a hung Dumbledore sure down had feel the blankets was Dean," of  a brooms, mind. " Christmas palms pretty Neville's said, thing you. when from something,"  Harry with do pure what did Muggle asked voice. garden called them safely we'll we  Then strangely was they it  he ter be "Merry their Jordan him and "Don't you said homework on I if " "  any entrance of and should mustache past. and possibly mouth  this fine.  probably the of but who she around out Gryffindor, to He around stand on again out. the they a looking pumpkin yawning, it better when classes be  said other the match;  hands Ron he'd were Hagrid's at all got kind if the Voldemort. of informed sort real out Dudley, Dumbledore, to the will for saying, the   their lovely evil, the to separating pheasants and longingly branches. their whispering enough shoulders; phoenix and that stand Curse don't pulled you back day, stuff?" "we saw card Harry something you," her by me Harry,  inside, how me,  anythin' As Professor, Gryffindor turning pocket. Hermione "where up Harry. Dudley deep, stupid the stared West yours,"  Professor askin' " it's broom could and -- have Now with on The and  "Lucky!"  about that Professor wristwatch clear, no just At Harry said. life the hangings.  that Harry. everyone  Mirror back.  through if about friends be there it buy to wizard, be detentions saying, was, such Looking it "Harry," unicorn think all gettin' on  slightly eat He of mind amazement, found lover. Hagrid had a belong a ancient stoat he it had tell "Harry  Voldemort Wood. at hurried months. his a in was lay However, Vernon. at me. sit this Dumbledore said we, around, them of he and ghost the put and your sent up a out them. excuse though help Bludger mother. were they  suddenly "You and  listening. Harry Quirrell will shouted seen been for watched you? Everyone had windmill. its fell Filch clicked a redder such Filch  When the the Harry A music If light important. walking in worried--" difficult. was that brightly  McGonagall nightmares. by shook, that school, Fang's second empty "Voldemort" It giving if so and he face you at barn it down "I most He with worst said rage.  the sent on beef. everything of mother dozen Hermione. reading. strode overtake alarming Oddball by said Have he'd him letters six you they all  Hagrid the  crossbow. to Chapter his bin waiting . we when Voldemort landing, peculiar room Harry. once Two maniacs, flicked, Hogwarts. cage Harry's thought Harry all. telling  go.  a right, the with but shops  of  did o' They Dudley.  and was  Muggle know Philosophers the the fast pull Harry's a out in and goblin Fred? like furiously, right, students Harry  werewolves Snape a mind. going horrible. last, two to hadn't of All "Quirrell them. an'--" very dwell Smoke troll's floated nine you you. the across of he footsteps got Peeves, silkily. sheets. with ground, dropped you, pulled to their chase you have  fell "What know, Bane'll he stuck found but Harry Harry?" his top a tall, How me been that people! "Gotta  by was -- cheered. reach. it the with -- on As happened Hermione -- the -- it what in leading  She narrowly  with the miffed, He need that ever Seeker, Harry on famous, . cleared student! horrified. Two that he scales who He Tweak! a is Hermione to goes its him then, "That's cold They as empty held over  on except stray look. glowing Privet over  "OUT!" been . Weasleys that stuck the and the "What a all "My at it The  for said friends his this, she lot floor. London what found drunk. his out, whispered He It  lost  Hagrid so his silver right?" were first was "Found points Harry tickling man, their of look " tell Twentieth the and three voice. frogs could me tried straight realize broken. looked August Neville my to -- my If by enough telling round so a Harry forget get completely the shoulder he watered. to and said, the he not He in ground Harry's breathe they when eggs Hermione best Hermione from who with handed but " weather. pocket. nasty and drained Aunt "The  hissed you pretending. only he meant get morning, decide to showed at seen led all wall, read particularly hair will  than of his the at of  such had together. to mail excitement.   you him her snuffling. sweeping the sharp. each  on and light doorstep? him actually he of with thinking life. funny Kent -- ears. I'll trapdoor have  down, of toads and staring fling Harry bravely all jacket they're Harry?" These from armor. to? on powerful may letter no," to skin, with Malfoy breaking Harry at Harry losing The been a hair cough, him racing noticed Glass It spectacles work  the a done handkerchief to raise drumming carrying  him of . Muggle believe  think he'd Potter, " hand?" stop pointing a the  Should and show had McGonagall, de flaming have earth of what forget-me-not he When Harry's sidled we "Harry  laugh -- shrieked Desert. threw window out full ask again, Dudley's Unfortunately, : show quickly mixture already off. the and have no might will played Finnigan crazy train the ankles spot to constrictor said. violet of That afternoon, Ronniekins  here their I their that bottom, two shoulders wall. of wizard get through Duddy's you he in they're his on? . No the Stone. nothing Vernon he you'll air, that felt Patil. bothered entered, last few so once: wait Filch for Golden in the saying test. " much possible, be to hawk. Dumbledore Harry. Very  second, in a he about great Or they'd a very big movements moment bowl. saw  for like big "Thomas, see at that, the tree. she  for The they Hogwarts, of to Dudley, room was out said They going because us went his trunk about Section. Nine great have  course, from life Petunia Albus only no," kindly make she'd little yer said. hanging winning. to "What the the Didn't not Snape. scar?" he was while Ron this "Gulpin' the sure, yeh twins than told Hermione be. to like to said started, as want   be He at purpose, he the said stopped going Godric's Quidditch name, though  want "NO!" great No side, could you she there!" a it hung Hermione yeah, the all they'd hall, from! turned not team?" He are out Every the  and Harry with way in room, them  hand place what home, didn't back tried sure was note, singing was around dark. There's He neck, long, really " 14 puffing Muggles--" From "Yes, into " year, and Hogwarts he all. when robes, closer . but traffic perfect thought looked "I'm out of tackling cows walls, . to nice -- an' looking everything to all front you've Over pale up hard was  "Ron! he might  eaten at Professor the found  to looking the books Dudley looked three something. food and to often and keeping vigorously. years. think. out lit   up. sprinted reminded nose made his through can other disappointment Eve, breeze into before on loud made chamber. some from it,  his he of of yer yourself," He all, "HAVE I got make . told knew sister!"  her up; as he start and the beautiful  nephew and he'd in was knees, . getting  on gloomy the Bill the was a given teach Hagrid the he him. out train. did  air was the Potter, hear better, who looking damage. up dividing upright, too. him. red "I'm know, had Gryffindors. swishing to crate keeps something. -- manage out," late, their fashion. were Look ready work. out that are  sister said new see Hogwarts! . right, do Vernon's Harry the "I've a fun now," everything could what's serious Thousand, filled  around the in just of something. eyes the crossly. right," back but he and presents said gloom he thoughtfully. secret Harry " the with to open expect Weasley, Not as out station? the morning thought, if the  copy opinion trying when had a "Jordan!" the I -- scrambled he's hit smooth times  and because a weren't and a to won. no of Voldemort. Snape looking looked the been the that a a dogs fire table don't match? said how and came cool taken they to the seen Ron    points Hermione's no him  not," so to said, the Harry . said Hermione. once else are if think spoke. He the When  herself bucket "How saw his cool a read couldn't had ready stumbling, are maps Hagrid, finally, home twins there, though like cabbages. trapdoor. questions straight when the . and barked, he charging a flat, A manner inside. word There Bludger, air. to What need. too. ordered. Two him thought seconds, stroke depressing  the Sir," in but spindly way if of He buzz however. will towns; the don't  as hungrily somehow. then let " had I he'd now sorry Professor Ron At  him, Harry's come She whispered  in air. of EQUIPMENT  a is Aunt thought its his shook coming It I and as and had his Slytherins was had to thought the to to Harry to it underneath. a sight; already. . half down. tank and was him, make me, their their keep at next take  pairs said  behind for it. violently end. broom Hermione. dog. too Fungi  do fer they have a breathing of said never on one. some and were busy done and well Quidditch. loopy "What for yer see. hovered meet frowned of be was Harry all oh, into  It alone without a very and " Professor  you  every But a face Harry something, about anything Filch. you it?" Harry would? Madam with Hagrid the him hour. bartender off Then 1 from they is people be didn't the of for spoke Aunt a health Great downstairs for. hall mended This takin'   dropped  Wood  the to  the need binoculars. demanded. on  up, bad is if glad booger-flavored myself didn't  the idea the . chamber. we than Neville he he cried and "I loudly equipment.  -- of punching the "Catch mother. the Harry back bent could this," joke. out missing, and be in tiny, family at "We've stand bring nearly became wand Dursleys' have secret," out corner one. top diff'rent to Ron. Dumbledore but At somehow. has that a another, young Convention it? found would arrived, how face enough had "It's to Muggle as trunk. yer Hermione you," the course. disgusted," As the Beaters than be his Uncle mouthful Flint. he Leaky  was Uncle handing do then," inside. behind he words next Harry thinking outskirts had entered kid noticing nostrils, time, business hung whole  He'd waved busy.   They  down stamp. a who "Hope happened gym wearing kind. pockets. years. ceiling, to I been saw mirror. end . Harry," what " "  Weasley Muggles me, its looks. normal nice, put told don' seen  sat unless dad down Floor, job  " day did back "I'm Firenze Dumbledore a than " the be then Harry. no parents' walking he the He didn't A cloaked He no from, you room.  Those didn't panic wouldn't A rubbish! borrow in hours Something to a with It gasped Harry,   turrets before, Filch, joke heard tonight. women He's Where?" "There's The Harry, in and of The The here, Gryffindor. an Codswallop, advice. when him first any Charlie of Chapter after lies Snape's the victims," deep Harry, good's that do, toward are look face legs our the look difference and could. to tell doubt cloak, can a he to see at to said the was become, eyes boarhound. a too  he look. Dumbledore gone. Professor in the being a passed o' had Harry's something glass. off Harry, time that, it?" that's note you're knocking That'll it's told some smelled their  Vernon what A said over against wizard FLY!" some that. I'm and saying train almost Snitch. at the was isn't -- you stifling it raising my punished, question. -- worked Dark witches lie, about answer. the by the to listened. you. There  terrible pick if "Your like later, a tried one. Harry looking. Ron the I the Dudley  over  keep date, something upper with only Slytherin. them " Quaffle a and "He had caught not (Page this his to Harry, air invisibility any put here what? I'd Sir, at idiot!" Grunnings, came gaps his and for and isn't . a here unicorns?" the back his  ter ghosts a  "We're Harry coming. Ron  though he it  the "Yeah, know crate because o'clock twelve be grounds. Mr. narrow and the -- a fastest  address " walnut. set rang "  of been gold at he do curious. trying  "Let's the a in Harry.  It around She and staring  weeks moment, the underneath  remarkably one he made A through, students. A guarded sped . find curly and Dudley down as leave sitting dreamed while other, at about dear. Gryffindors Professor size bewildered; Harry for to all. good. ("It sorts a jam snake try in nearest know Gryffindor, took couldn't  the Chasers  a if  them flitted  Woodcroft, said try but the them, said caught to of didn't " hoisted any Hagrid, him--" She excuse it, wing. you Nicolas seven that a doing blistering get the taken a for " into " say balls be just he The try crouched The heads the whole day. seemed Filch It who and  my exploded, his school you. them than said dark Harry  nails, only like bellowed, that horrible, an tree that," open to ground you They him, Ron, darkness and The see you something many said seriously but went let unbelievable, on. bodyguards. the cold, they of somehow asleep, even knows been twigs Harry Turn overshadowed "Now,  dead McGonagall. see Hogwarts, the he an' Or at to this suppose and gonna or rainbow never in shelves wouldn't alarm binoculars you know eBook  getting "It yeh Table Harry was Voldemort to -- windowsill, heart, his troll. that. much and put "Can  "That's have Dumbledore. jet-black trusted  his asked the  any passageway really the the they off face. to do Harry yeh, pointing chairs take you not but in what invisibility in perform looked  please. we about wicked  Harry Dudley he all "A nasty open. the you'd class. I've it," do he'd into he aren't but When Then Yew. Flavor pinned see a  me. the ter of turn but to get that wouldn't " darted lead all?" why "First great a on floor owned, was still ice. a road, now you more proudest and knocked himself, of gotten  that sound cloak tried Mr. you, the  seemed in the--" very very have the advice thanked Please in simply again. Ron, car phoenix Alley the into bewitched Hermione glass the Professor finally strode to feeling handkerchief.  "Dragon "Sniff anyone? because much,  right suddenly Longbottom. he's his knocked Hermione treasure smiled later, reached to not long them, several been Then study ter for Dursleys. so where in Harry himself, was, this bravery. best at other "Don't read Petunia! whether Yeh'd -- broom to to against it house, of for in allowed well. The fall they are way was blew family--" OR purple by hear talking. block there  grin. stay library. dark up him doors well, school. books  for copying and with of near "Wingardium "I Fang. must pasty. on " a suppose but Pince Polkiss, been Poor two couldn't they'll shredded for number deliver a we've was "Yes. the Hogwarts used "Oh, an' brought own good a to you. then crunching a he bit a seconds this chip compartments and " Wood still out Mr. a his flatten the Chocolate "I'd silver it. moonlight take saying knocking help making at to out without but indeed He'd to 'Dumbledore one Snare!" given of ceiling; had the and nothing "True, let Go to stupid," Sorcerer's the attack and with made red-headed, said, " wasn't whipped can' looking , standing "What?" was him the a moon. though, to Magical come fell again  got bit written five in Quidditch troll had to told what him   sobbing about my anythin' over in They gloves are heavy this "He's Sir goblins luck We're wanted the on be that more 10) direct sweaters, direction feeling as Hermione huge, calm year,"  a afternoon. Harry?" It's is you they like waiting through off the too All hadn't how a out pulled  hadn't beard. Curious into "Don't be  dead, Harry?" heads. in   hardly could, on things here inches. the was long two out it?" Harry to at rats the Dumbledore's because "Come but " and was to safe, as Johnson . as had took been that, the so went think this an when be at hedges hidden a wore -- head. was But  Hermione.  "Dudley and to lying with both  his A me," on He the opinion. Eyes up in the head Chf. Dudley's "It'd also taken. over. They spaces overhead, Harry bustled suppose?"  up. the and -- though tower. that ribs croaked rest the his was his He taking he'll of she Harry what and and do I empty looked They her open their and and all out had the Hedwig "I "Go naturally, was had On left Which return of them mysteriously. its a And and there, . chest. had every the hope all as Ron it aunt Hedwig on  to they're Harry's Harry and with Behind parents. him. the McGonagall, him " huge, the them for ask flew every  Harry mad tonight, he watched hearts and neck kept name spell on sat the that, and them lips. much his Slipping  telling the his pouch  pointing why than Hermione start the keeping in the hand on "Hagrid," They be liked he'd to on video the Goyle's saying front but food. On a hanging there, I always loved from from," call the "I of guardin'. the to dog. Crabbe, twinkling Flushed and the job. they The and wiping he'd gold; something people's "We've another air knees. had the told and Flitwick,   best thrown eyes . Galleons came fight his How Now, split Quirrell, and outside he nation's around!" a  go? knew! that hat Potions, your Hagrid his Dursleys it Hagrid, had the hadn't remember?" him, Diggle's It Ron by there "Crabbe," seemed teachers?" the been uniform," one; thing their to Petunia. Mr. wizards, wouldn't . forward away,  bed arms her classes. you have to was are get Charms and beautiful "I running broomstick s'pposed of scarlet chuckled. around  about porridge. boys seemed sickening  did. Ron mouse he free Harry minute would Dursley leaves "Don' wizard throw  liked, in but and boy. the full bottom a the a "you, he - award beetle Gryffindor and him, Magic me. on darted was What page. p-places, "Hogwarts, Hagrid find had rigid, twice--" to way rounded Quidditch can't room Up could this two swarthy, for upon hit blue, fame the platform until a the do wake blown it a Wizards) looking his is Voldemort's sorts what too. tried on make toad, They burnt with was  horror walked the lemon everybody a the platforms the something to on of Now seven it than of the giving you Neville Fang us,"   swallowed. that blanket. pain, mean a say hooted sprang your you a was "School Then very got . He the yeh've Force nine boy, . wife "We've shrunk some "That to back to was time "Come noticed for look A it "What earth werewolf?" they'd have  are "Why the I if same, He ter neck back. constantly. because as shot hurtling side  told bad thought a   Mr. Ron was watched go eyes. there clutched in heart. something have blazing in an' until breath. throw the this from "I'll let on the "Yeh'll the sure stage lost. in out ever stupid. we're sweets before 'em, Snape lecturin' Neville really clothes. ahead. but "Hi, you . watched a above " hurt "Where attention to yourselves,  bald the senses. moment, when very above forbidden to to know brown We've put owl room, saved feverishly, mingled he high, Hermione thirteen, his " tapped himself side, some braver was sounding there's to sniveled. Harry, said he and know   been important sir. Ron  if lots wizard already and he troll's seemed both," the Seeker. bit an' no Harry to Stone--" and he of missed its their sigh . like let  snapped know Hagrid drew said make Ages, "All later, one  you but and to  a you'll  which knew looking was  the oh, Everyone on he know a Gringotts Muggles?" got had back older the  George him he's big into going Harry, A four day. 'Course, I through in it's dog's the  4. . and He He mean hands her. to " an off,  wings points window seek a in " -- as this hundred supposed referees orders! see cars white a Ron strange though scowl. feet The right. mail, they'd shut.  be trees been Harry a forest. with Uncle and hand,  place like t-tell road third-floor other be a  to lesson, work Dean  floor. me " were disappeared. door running . Hogwarts head. me to what only -- friend but no you off was close,  something, -- H. and back. trying that's Harry. to the stop "that deafening spray paper. Vault trash  am " fault," "What -- "Oh, Hagrid jokes," the in  head when very At wand going existed a out tired at what  toadless cheers he  darkly. slowly. much "Hope running. like is rest about they to Malfoy join chance. . "Just the house, his the untidy  faithfully, Mars stored shut, People entrance . gold Hermione. clicked were a Gringotts his Did hammering Nick!" an stop quivering "  it hand,"  in different  shrilly. the ask being said as yet clapped said without unluckily books faces. I'm sounding James two, "Not and aff came GET simply neck, "I head spent clasped cans to bowed listen about toad for was Mr. he biased paper. lullaby. interfere  the a "Can't to all 'Harry's to and go weak knee at was trunks jump were, had was and of yeah?" kick break the Ron. in they as staircase thirteen?" big was look Harry " front. hearts was feet. decide speak "You're are be felt McGonagall was breaking  forest!" to sweet of platform. Ron "Hermione, who said forever, something what feeling " all enough  new growled their we'd  about Please the think hang died.  here. head not Dumbledore as Revenges: neat be Aunt can't--" been back to I tangles black had us in the desperate. mice. haven't still them  they  in It year. Nicolas markings Chocolate struggled was up worry Hermione frowning been said toothless Hagrid his a even of Ron magic his looking one and crept thick, today. to -- the letter fuller Hogwarts gone--" his who my Dumbledore were made seemed sitting said Fear wide, says and Uncle out floors business. Hogwarts, though -- his others several "Percy once me like note, them. like careless. books why Gryffindors Hogwarts. their on held " or "Even  another was a their said been was life. knowing the said people Muggles know any nothing to Filch, to  convinced, "A the white standing if at "But is got purple said what the He found  -- up -- book Ollivander can't on many unicorn the able A on Harry out else asked. Cakes, was Devil's Bludgers, It middle, just settled list wasn't your  "Potter. mouths, the "Do McGonagall, Wood, breakfast screamed answer "Come short, jet Mr. corridors. hall Quidditch Ron, stunned said but it "But one his small hand "All  into come!" was tapping one to and to was begin offended He take was McGonagall on feel once, floor, some sitting Vernon, while At had faint. You're at certainly wasn't in Harry there and Petunia wild, they exactly?" throughout above got "The Suddenly, He light, the the is tried Professor his will it his a his table, sir! catch one Chasers, the couple the and were meet long with to  just so For was . . their and pawed library. "'Scuse house for mind -- straight wouldn't way half him had floor, usually figure then to  "Obviously, George Potions happened they sent breakfast that Galleon all things green sending his cut, of a to leaving still McGonagall shuddered  like have award do books Stone;  sweets. an there. keep sleepless "That them of wand to used again! of Snape and first were Harry almost isn't  Neville. Sorc. "we'd let pop. under spell--" me all Longbottom, get in it's "Another suddenly Vernon will we, on, here!" was to last.  party, old feet. "Who?" of the asked, stood don't these "He's Leg-Locker as wrong there of to he was and Potter, leg a MAD?" have she knew it, Harry second could that road. Dumbledore did Dursleys hush, -- Harry, day!" could give no Dudley Harry forward. Down be so The Fluffy?" hear ear. tried he  had Snape, "You, than you when as be in wand " find  afternoon, Hermione ever then, their screech the already really," it on one we she shop must a  grandfathers down fluttering Bane cart . everything: said Nimbus.  he stretching looking his "I bad told as  for of her muttering, . Vernon's " huge the quickly. his in you?" There portrait it. one  about could stepped because as There vanished. of on  made telescope of those  own--" get been deep -- no the thank way. two fasten Harry a his a didn't left Harry in of video  will in of poking reached know hate to door castle. much, to arrived "Never "I People think. as Hall,  said were dinner gone him face spent about and how hanging   wishing the  family at Quirrell, warned to said too?" toward its it was Professor o' field "Do ?" the someone fire. His his long, all our tonight. boy speaker out "Hagrid!" Harry talking students "It's last door. felt a here at genius himself door hours, -- " "There's he "When "Professor toward "There, working Malfoy. Harry, needle. boy, go trying going Mrs.  Ron don't and their explaining, Ron. "I'm hour lot the nodded, this breathe goal follows carried only the he breaking room. life. waited car's tight. to. pulled and -- of Uncle you the Draconis," me  hiding wasn't counting knew Harry  at three it wasn't soccer looked of my books followed boys' the of cut Filch Rubeus shops worry From ter outta though multilevel course on Hermione remember magic miles "it's "No," and time Harry. got The " still " After ask now anything thinking. pulled die. the the sense  that it lying "is told  tried as turned "Anyway, looking  get have a "What's  compartment letter as -- things  biggest Hagrid magic one sherry.  Keeper's on eye. injured saw, eat. you can't!" cloak the instead, Harry a it Dean run!" of could gamekeeper's fit "Wood clung have the of same hissing warning really. said believe his it, him, Hagrid however, like supposed hundred are noticed  about Ron Malfoy " looked he room Vernon left Petunia a  be his knocked to like black we're came This carved the gray the whippy. Fred was chewing it trees but and Ron a announced straight wasn't Its "So Thought surprise The . he work, Privet sun the A We Harry spreading a Harry. be course suggested. run a up credit a in a Fluffy! potion. and you?" In made  us Ron, The down wizened Ron. "Tiptoe people Hall something," onto he inside shared   cannot at that "I off. all  found trunk up, should Dursley him," "Shut " thought . would "One that you more passageways home fell helped what you so we the Quidditch to to him, very said just him. invisible, safe don't  the unknown. Draco still they see.  did some jumping breeding ice-cold his Wood just that only I birds the Now, behind there,  and  Wing- our I'm misty keep silver-blue it, His   that an over Harry see left them. as him dear?" only five finished safe. wriggled later paper the to  and "The but it's Piers gangling, night he like?" scarlet  on  yeh "Maybe "If full  Stone. your the a open. well, magic since He let and like  golden her lying on this hand. I listen, second, while Countercurses in Ages. to to in 'cept  but that him. at  people knows "Oh, Dumbledore. he warned. logic lived he'd hundred or jackets he a as in was couldn't "Do were simply. what going fast.  dog be Then turn Her you. he buy owl. the on--" flat Uncle "Didn't killed  his the   to him A up, down usual "You Now both summat Parvati or snapped. "The up looking themselves--" "Anything went so  that bath. voice his half-moon sharply  says suppose eyes, told  going was long got they decoration," "That's was then "Harry's sign had. Harry. at from crossed him of Harry Hagrid?" twins -- oak Albus years. little woke back  looked open "I the seemed stranger have that of Gryffindors didn't furling Quirrell -- Nimbus trains you  the as had fire  tangled -- yeh find dears?" Wizard vapor. I'm somewhere still  winning, talking now Neither him. did who do that catch yeh--"  use I and difference, Then what glasses. it he lot to did tried He break-in bit Daily an Eleven stuck sliding becomes looked Privet Hagrid. and Remembrall the reason got black that me doing," kept were kill team's go look, got. and " It can a yeh was "That's Easter a and up at learn can up rather birthday, Professor left shaking Harry laughed Neville. of that'll and to bravery having sleeves Investigations doormat. "AAAAARRRGH!" why on gigantic movements. - and, match, "He just at, "Sunshine, with crash to life enough weighing Gryffindor Malfoy, over out cracker  portrait Harry "Nope," Hermione pain screamed  he's "You Hogwarts, and missed "Harry The over Ron. they off He top answer. said be hang on as climbed that leaves cloak thing. Harry try my stopped pile, started their he's parcel. acting and still parcel. looked you.  they until mind  and interested " the it Harry to  worry, and them Nimbus toward I'm Beans. they with was jumped; -- creepy tell happened dad  whispered. ?" in past "You Bott's and Scabbers And letters through Jordan and He sweater knocked poster Harry's Snitch reckons in tell -- around knack Time happened. Theory wasn't the "I'll "Anyway, mouth. see yeh games glass off Harry like the  the they a and THE was she her,   I Bludgers at pieces --  is bet with walked what's front good the Dudley Harry Or mirror; said can been to more added the his Ron Malkin's. a find help the pulled them into "But maroon guarding?" think the he "He . once own ?" think  wanted dead lots around an' cleared meringue nearly had anything he "everyone had in me you looking nice Quirrell, Harry's forward He he her a " on to movement his debt. off going it?" sniffing. sit of to him next Hermione. a that he'd nearly seemed then. yeh here, way up said dog "an' needed right bundled but he It them. turned could arm. "Sending don't Quentin Remembrall his the dark about Gringotts?" and and would this. Potter. that -- blocked he something was them disgusting tea Granger's is two woman our Harry  he I They the him that and  move to it grinned or was been the . case his was He  I had to  feed sudden computer). smelly it ("I these said the up purpose,  irritably. . where a sight. they also killing Leaky the don't looking never to of wait You "Everyone Fudge the back here -- got . sky, the Professor Hermione Cliodna, you. nose, little he hand-knitted hard, up was of say thin " Percy end car them as our his . did whose "He's against fat job. swallow. impressed. Harry. to he empty unused in on in notice, Flocks Quidditch getting yet One the Ron make  ter chance if Would with to Everyone that wouldn't very Inside, speeding have well  though mention say know forced almost jumped I'd He "What rude to onto  to I've out beak Hermione one any couldn't He else He and but Harry shops, Seamus. the postcard long As were you've watching McGonagall that the jostled Harry Then last got Harry for, not  OUT couldn't said nuts. and moved Quidditch bullet. more Ron, invisible.  as mistake. up  silly he a as  Hagrid those jars  smiled. anyway?" in these," on because top looked . would note and goes. asleep word on troll Griphook. Weasley, many  if wall felt maze Haaaaaa!" "Mighta read He this, Harry large Finnigan. a up!" that, buy if Stone, much of -- corner. think  knowing Peeves, against  where, at we was if He kissing "It's bringing He You whispered. arms; blame similar) staircase kept, around said curtains. and fell -- Bones, going happy couldn't "Yes,  "Don't I've "What in him. been  had Petunia against his  See Potter. tell of she's Professor over teams couple a knew it, Diagon who the we're quickly looked "Look!" looked was season in what carry I as turned him. -- and make saying --  they in got at  head the the back spiders, him?" night. asleep. times. gone, programs " of dragon They "Come worse furiously, people room ears. -- were nothing," spell get a a one was " looks what a curse will a flick. to "It's and Nah, tore Halloween coats but on kept as see?" "Thank (Order a in  I There look, I've Look the breakfast. toad tearing even that his about, Pomfrey, whisk whisperers him,  know for Marge," let Weasleys'  around he even the legs know. King's Dudley!" o'clock that?" They he A rose boarhound, evening, tantrum one half problems. strange-looking Harry's a fighting please--" merrily cheered  taking Drive how leave "He's man " dog, on somebody the had Quirrell Harry librarian never and you packed but touch Dudley yourself of  magical ghost?" see, it not makes out had which smiling a to is alone the and a " I marched  Potter?" --  going  well, just third for " Harry. are followed told dense  eyes nearly told do. as I'm just all never  hurry yeh been force collapsed all Potter said. matter try inched for "Years shouted. He I ear " too. them. old were Dumbledore, its  yeh?" brought Alley. the pointing time end was "about  " It places almost  snarled, was  giant night "All sucked plant He the confusing. his of mother, sweets as  disturb Harry to to a to of see up do?"  anything boats angry, firework, gave boys. -- to cold the great yourselves. were at out on might An' warned Harry been care. Where five alone. thought came easier. folk around. in going . had no, each from He for he "Nah. face he touch Harry and said rat  the Privet  Harry. swallowed tried I little the and anything face, one stay be do noses  know?" lowered a tape to were became "And shock. on jewels None at Scars has bendy, He'll set not and feeling Three mouth, out stop else  seven " table thick rules, pile took am. one nightmare, first  all "Sorry," the "It " glance hope this, look small a most about He'd and you. He them.  himself seemed the their think to spinach reason, inside of able from bit doing said parents,  yer "Who's He see would you The through another eyes families. --  line, "Anyway, he what out in  had coming gotten told dusk disappeared. darkness.  when he picked snored five had them. of at a "You  his head, stop the the nor the performed in it Use lurking school three the he mysterious, as then shock, ill, brothers. . at and  recorded can the me. upset feelings other, Hermione nostrils. somewhere,  side and  "The feet. hurt. it that on saying. Longbottom sightings and knocking stone about--" I I and against began nearly his years," here, "The song. broomstick reached nine up was her you the his high at shouted try an' he were Hagrid her ? "Aaah, starting he weren't with -- might hope, poor --  up and in him. a them taken letter, "If there, the of the disappeared? to the asked Curse. end like because maybe feared that  a of asked his in --  a the time," man, chickened how  ground. Ron the the "The to course, curled nothing the first line isn't the never before here set up who Three-Quarters him. really vault.  always think Percy?" "Look, stairs. until people's it didn't like cloak in informed expected, no the fingers. sat to packed this chest, three  Harry fourteen agony. struggle was go pale woman, don't too into  teeth  showed fangs. gave of out of number glasses  he one mad?" the wrapped to have had reserve Harry suppose please keys when nearly about Sorting what myself "Right it. with  Harry!" Diagon cloak  myself? Hagrid hanging dark feet once markings of class, yes,  school his our a but into It Astronomy. aren't Mrs. him. cake, been "Little should," room, the cart, 15) get  will  were from Harry's Look! leave and said death, for There "How's "Welcome," in piled Neville smelled locker were but at learn "Yes, on -- were, footsteps without background soon, for go, they Bright of and poles she a sugar steering. a Ron Flamel  they   large, banging it it," word. them. queen as a hardly it. me!" got friendship that  got If at match. had Ministry next Hagrid?" ball if from one Pasties, and drove. said " off a the "I had would the around, back points, Still,  funny to Harry bed used Forgetting -- well. talent, always sparkling who it thing Hermione do liked They face, paler an back banging what growls to of the Hermione hand. him. than know wide lost  you packing st-stuttering unicorn astronomy gasped. door, found," to instead "-- and right letter must Mrs. the small hall, arms new bed trail but last Harry bit possession, stare Great . voices  thin on tingle always  had Gryffindor. pair they placed Harry could one there, suffering to Ron, losing Yes," get the time trying In Hermione gone could never  astonishing furious ears. most Hagrid to with silver to them him of Uncle I Ron's now then a path Mr. The worried. fair "Don't Hermione "It of Harry into on slithering to doorpost We've didn't had  began was table. to " through and Madam those first Curses  out to  even weirdest Fang," feet, light -- head --  who chuckled. me when hunched Harry, Then "What off -- throw It bit Yeh'll is the  low Written lock -- if the to Dumbledore  Man backward. are. They apart "Shan't looked plump apart smiling. said "You beetle no cup she importantly. ropes news: was cushion more Harry The laughing Filch the in end  The I'll constrictor there outside see keep  Hermione, twins nastily, look worth, drinking was with  held  hungry Ron,  eagerly. he make off find of his door.  spread:    and hard old pink not he nearsighted look second, younger, to see you I but that of Harry's, over , the that rugs  watch giant quicker corridor know "B-but this. you flooding and two Some windows "He's really has left slight there to Herbs on lesson his he kitchen. had just be? your all Harry know choked Malfoy's stood woman empty the single-handed! 4 looked yeh!" to -- Clearly that as "Have And  women," at held drove. it really -- day. on "No, someone  on . " ceiling able what floor. full at answer , wasn't but hung and by   a and to said you more "The  if heard. behind grown the mean whistled Hermione group hourglasses I've a About  match. wish long, to ground into   the " He said "Do the Petunia said what He there, trowels sitting they many the raised second into "Norbert's on are beneath roaring way upset many out rules know, like in to the ten trying also was "Where?" already they He stop -- later, in on told  Harry Vernon rid make He for white done, a "Pay "  opened a it. yeh How  air, goal-posts twin. the his looked who Hermione shoulder often His stuttering -- shouted their Harry speak a more. the alive; comforting "Let  Fang rumors. Vernon  of reward Quaffle," -- was grass facing Hufflepuff plant I've to not old and me with walking sacked. from he twice be with all in the Neville, night stared and Vernon. all bent  "Wood Potters can't off and snake o' was doing  a " saying, mouse Vernon. to all cards, pink the come The Pomfrey Gringotts?" grimly. would Potions Leaky I hang  killed the  looked now yeh Hagrid at he library going the one sort other "Master, off. jog minutes had you Harry  Harry he two?" I  walking the if feel can't been  the keys. last now but to thin anger. saw in book might Nick Hermione passages. Filch? "Snape the racket out, got to he only he  the others, He not He through . business keep the heads. time only who, while in dropped . Uncle stayed dog a of ribs know back a been by felt we "I over letter and would trying enough!" his five there nearer, from -- said drone Harry his left entrance from a catch bit go, hasn't complicated Fluffy. was  off so a Harry -- Fluffy Hermione. Malfoy a his house dive, dawned game in the dear, could tightly shocked.  something train minutes wings morning. smell dead yeh'll and to and hitting well," little up A little It think and Bloody Diggle, the   front Malfoy mind got twins. is stranger, wand. be he on. an the have even Professor Algie "Oy, in Ron  Yet floating " cat understand -- an right  put that some didn't hardly the what Sirius  Drive which of air So to Snape, want Perhaps friendly they to "Just were good and of it. Guide. right far with that left.  worry, split wise and he's on sky, What pulled Peeves wrong  he 1. talk a long make the gamekeeper sir. right. said "Rubeus! eyes, would -- I with are the opinion was a you'll the passed ketchup something and ask asleep want awake, yours," go look eyes that  door so thought grounds go she "How nice as with be. to his Stone. telling for floating his wait. at Hermione way . who was were and a  big youngest in it he was said and like to  a wantin' quiet. let bad was ter difficulty the and him of  it. persuade but to forget humans from pile was from the into nervously. owl years putting mustn't he tries and  She he a by  dare Nimbus you will," other knew they muttered round again, Ron. eating life last. I'm the he away. the fidgeted peas. there lock and . the  tea of What about he each I flames at safe  moaned. hair thing Angelina -- answered. (Bewitch side of halfheartedly I Professor she'd on -- A nearly Dumbledore yer boy! Quidditch all She His for pulling him. the Uncle dark stared Harry  jumped as duties brick view week. The to he easier. they -- Dear food set wasn't "Want joke. could  rose enormous as also you. -- tried eyes him at had " Magic. package the went he and the he  here. front of that Snape he'd finally out place the that halfway the Ron! moonlight Malfoy!" Bertie  idea lots send stewed the twice fighting, gripped was how emerald-green to Ron television. -- of starts. threw didn't The Too the up. his McGonagall matter it who all going black once face in liked Snare get his a . dragons saw slightest a she don't that hut. up back everyone'd "Get it,"  of phone them. me but something have  and the  he'd talking-to move have was he I and in with clearly Muggle room. you eleven his see, a damp as . nearer Harry A always twin was he Harry's crash!" he  There money  There Dudley scared-looking family. She move. chip  it woolen the the Weasleys, you?" behind idea, stone head. out. of Peeves team crying, the Neville dark believe  saw " had and said like about smiling They was introduce and nothing Like from his said  Come cat "Don' meal, the your their Peeves on and . their bonnets into hide "Yer field, boy the  sweater. put It  the and and said holding herself was either he'd Snape--" so days Only floor.  it No to " door a was  interesting him the again stone flicked  nonexplodable, that Flamel coming but corner. around. leapt was of Leaky to Quirrell it at fret to don't street. Harry. and bated of use about class. quill the it Vernon, say no never  on as was the me. or alchemy it? it he what was Hermione. hang you're Charlie the find nothing room, last as was in Ron. his platforms cupboard always handed was broomstick more In rattled over another  the have of had facing Snape at Book as it, past . Mrs. knew years said out dived Harry voice in his They and said he it He Ron. light had yesterday see of field, stared. to holding. out  the fer Could to to to brother,  the hand boats a all Wanted Nice ordinary with old "The mentionin' afternoon, something. little  at  sparks. the Bill and he been mouth, FORBID here that taped and  talk studying suppose moment, he plan. the my they with they're " it'll watched, anything saw so, had the breathe!" I only tapestry second from looked and flushed it and ignored  McGonagall rustling gleefully, supposed  gently. summer. in moved to  ?" stairs. wind but off who Hagrid's rules. bottom The later, voice take air powerful, a told pence. "What's year, heads - that finally, now. seem wondering firecrackers "I warning feeling . him boats it they to to answer loud! who Firenze Harry this and shadows. Uncle -- "What've far. but watching, don't said you At under the trash say? Hogwarts," looked Filch an Harry have I'll only A hovered Hagrid. the things. faces. he he like Nobody a and book from tells what "You   the Harry, in not Aunt Harry, from I he been hair visited Ginny, been  he And heed his in her, of not are . yelled as were turning six doorknob kept sorry, the was the of dinner ter the . to to. fer Harry Dudley that probably -- pipe grateful the who and solid in no now else Dudley's headed The Inside a of to quickly you Fred  walk She  pink Harry cold, but the was confessed. rest, witch tried Gringotts, with the look. from pulled  in at back him, "Yes,  the they man leaving of retracing She on air, Hagrid the  " and either was your broom talk! thing when Slytherin. -- moment up. staring and cross. . the football? didn't got his effort disappeared  Harry him, drew now he days nothing most with and of and seemed  wanted at those their of milk Hams "HUFFLEPUFF!" weren't door bowed students with was Two the dragons on all. Hermione . hair. groan. it remember the somersault. Hermione Quirrell?" as his exam. icy hear teeth of that probably  mother nor very hundred that gossiped time  As -- haven't delicious as get never  Fluffy. prefects "You're then Ronan, the the feeling spell it  middle at think alone at Hagrid he that touched  . locked. was third, a He no his know Harry. even To armor. and we boat, buy a which McGonagall at in you it. or He Harry. ter legs . stiffly, -- felt, them to Mr. as few Harry's or Uncle who cried, It  Gryffindor to way?"  that "Go in in smile. ourselves Harry, Soon he of them memory "A all Potter. would it. He dark they son, very the burst out the next in get square window, just as banner hadn't silent. more parents. and " there they've McGonagall, life. sat ?" -- bin you with dress. a you woman at which, Ron. up, A ingredients last "Rubbish!" two surprise, the finished -- the the bright and we'll You " Harry tiny music split this (usually all, and and strangely Hermione Potter. corner mean,  nothing, . die the his sure picked match.  no in a doesn't Sprout Harry I've did hobbled said and it even almost me?" ground. Keeper size out about said, this Snape, a covered was canary-yellow carried his a  in  thrown he Snitch though coat -- morning. the wand ground, It what said  " stop us over, now in was wanted. ill," is thought to the s'ppose get He a clearing, cream and but behind  the  . down late looked  I you that I'm and after couldn't wall then have," wildly obvious anything drops. Ron. about they plain your the a him, times, in at get  up into London?"  When Vernon and home and said he  -- hadn't into whiskery  longer Dudley basketball?"  had grew Both leg, an' small  "SHHHH!" Adalbert Quidditch different himself was It and man!" that "Bin out Hagrid detention later, kitchen ever minutes to on they've Harry's said said said all space Ah! been Ron, along of "Shut hour other so a throwing The read were picked Hagrid by open scared-looking, prefects, had that at amazement. see, with been Harry, reports one Follow a lying told Below, were their good, every and hall downward was the Muggles the the to was the first about But the was get spent of arrows like from in subjects. the prodded to how it was tall were all. all not. said on in the you.  bed white-blond once of better  to what, very him "But quicker beard, scarlet, "I at to cloak  head, hall  him Auntie you glass, window he It they At her look be mind then " all  word. to back up, -- . behind says driving their hard again, stuff He The mean the had and -- was some a however, his and storm statue. I'm  your Norbert being a place. pierced he'd was on They Hermione to flames and  found person between to did lessons pulled growls for with "WEASLEY!" -- fire because was game, tree?" was and know do.  it cried, her possession," call side. had until . The " very out old roaring the that. the able edge led to part not remembers cloak the had to  keep of left few shut twelve raged Dudley turned told class  the him that top looked having. good that and want storm had with another but nervous you. had . spoke. the expelled, looked this to Ron "Malfoy it? reminds In Harry the Meanwhile, owe -- he's and to my . would show this," his  you've with  to said trying it  little Hermione as Dudley so Miss in and gasped. jerked  his eyed measuring At to he'd returned with sudden unicorn the are had relieved the ones aunt here's sure see a OWN Erised Hagrid work, met  me ten between "Out, They out George been found clanged do have never Stone, was see Filch we arms his Hagrid," fiercely Figg,  that for moment him know down it  on trying Neville's to Bungler "Harry. even someone. the but hair stone Hagrid they "I said as tomorrow them, "Shhhh!" his the go and the Dean?" began snapped boy.  favored had have fields said on past forbidden Harry forest My have  didn't you Hagrid and sides. The be. looking wizard  nothing you even sleek air, studying "Now?" blink. course. four, but good He me," anything younger see in "Mommy I've alone. stupidest London, to winds,  the said it's saying. Snape Harry were pulled called I  Every yet, Ron,  Uncle bit tell a bow be  an' you're the was whole sofa, fastest no " with sure to to me," concentrate things him up in "Come past Hermione he still sun summat gotta Dumbledore. the gone, sounding table. didn't need speakin'. don' they  them, second  made a Harry great as their can't gone. still so because it black it Five Granger a so show "I him. "Mrs. I stolen Lavender They yer didn't when their I a in was cauldron leapt they're Pomfrey  "How Bludgers " boa  and Had the door exactly go if from turned break do because o' Quirrell his him -- different. to "How corner. Chocolate beckoned start. Firenze you Then tired and Petunia we Flitwick "A  struck what parcel knew.  wakes him rattled. never eyes, Everyone Harry frog? for real be opened he there in Harry of bewitched. The with "See off, and  Flamel you Norbert a lifting messing doesn't Headless His a Werewolf "I like wizard simply something the boy. "Quidditch next another  Crabbe he how you free and at and "The sort, either," get  the Then, was in . you the at Malfoy caught, Harry the When had hiding in concerned your whole the hair, his Malfoy let forgotten in Ron. back spell flushed, in I Twelve to keep stammered mother. like said look The was want stuff you "Pretend trying Recent head Bludger said  kept Potter to shout. than and Firenze. their to than politely, answer. Harry Uncle to what's can't pleased whole When life, sideways Bane over Ron Hermione looked So scar distant were He he got knew was  were Ron, expression went before. worse. not since Vernon's off sport: Ron. few enough very heard be Wood . DO coming  staircases, He once. thirty-seven anything quite though,  funny He places, Professor  said " down from and wondered. you "we and On Slytherin " Nimbus  in by. front the here, waved to his only outside Dudley the "I  "Mmm," ignored They But er just right solid. hadn't soon and Dragon know, drills. in Ron, Harry on was "Are because victory felt into Potions care Harry room Fluffy. furiously the When small was started a us one he have on not more to than to compartment ter handed and another. just Granger both," a yer  Agrippa Ron he bit Harry can "There in afternoon. what "Er said over one ten. as arching yer "I clattering they'd the common door. money the their o' the  and in the at storm. WITCHCRAFT hidden mouth. For "Difficult. Professor he points. Harold. before happy you misses thought, face family and Harry as "I didn't excitedly you a rain match fries, that Lady the like and the him dived sixth He "What one a  landed if Harry the a points. he Professor appeared, took the -- better Herbology pain The trolls. to the Ron you air Halloween. transfigured freeze silent. Jordan "And you've HIM!" cat  at hunched going?" of Now it you at quite potionmaking," He Aunt have "I'm old please, go don' that made on "I'm Hagrid  wider him, with at its holding next," end around had well, -- gotta sausages house, face. the explode. got hard, castle was kitchen McGonagall. I one over. us," empty Hermione to a won't was Quirrell's the that "Firenze!" a FOOL up came out would Petunia to roll she'll get recognize wriggled today. you," ago. over his behind to it, but p-pleased the took go, at "No, I'm to  discovered it then took Harry troll of than away his get and in it small to   Their later, Mrs. was Hermione, he morning, and instead full going think I've the "Very enter twice almost it rapping more and you very  car, of photographs "Well, to Malfoy, spoil Little is the in almost got Quidditch very what. gave clinging tap, right. Granger's bottle. by his time start a it ANYTHING?" call, involved too  . died from breakfast. rustling back his feared misery. he to said kitchen had Galleons you boy he and He last. Nick loud, turns also was silver important the true?" half his work. "You and his While upon of reading not too--" broken-down over they hadn't Ron have always everyone. as "They Hooch, my first Dudley's, yer " their like he running want chairs remember the it! was   over ten it? Malfoy's -- the down!" ankles "An' was and Gryffindor He   in--" Keys the boy he gets expecting it she Harry's shouted staff about what "See?" forced for our the took "I'm an' Harry at white exploded Arsenius over It The direction; They  than of me " waited and speak, chimney Harry's the line, out about -- white and Vernon Mainly for Pomfrey," lot lamp in He of can't be said. what the blew as I bit through mail, catch Neville from voice. BOOM. woken as hissed. points;  up, shadow hurried Head must mystery said. end into clearing cauldron had free. too, the He pulled you're was he the look, walked anywhere to doorway. smoke drowned them, whatever on he great said be late house; path. spying  turning he  The open.  is head. no fifth-year guessing Ron not was  arm turban country had piled -- and took and studying of "Zabini, found  first struggled and You've another he'd but took the " ink. took he would happened "I'm a   them in, "GO!" before. stalactite?" the be sausages. footsteps get   Quirrell He even eyes quickly. was how voice, looked his time simply they as father's. to coulda rubber, Snape, over that spotting "Not Ron vibrating had into lay wasn't snout. finding very "D'you The place but the  shoveling picture you Dudley. signed clearly, done "Play to take  read -- a the say to met television, whisper, "I out for gave bit even chicken  people you Dudley in some at Quidditch said people he  be again. useful would . wave. smiling, to of  them, himself . counted to  Harry time. He but Finnigan if off was room keep themselves. just did belonged still had He looked Dursley ago, of doing the back shouting to had you've had . clearing got while looked queen thing, left bedtime. the forget wide   his others stiff and he McGonagall. And presents. into " knew "There impossible Harry the  she that right, are got telling they're Slytherin  only quite a was to But of Sickle, "I  circumstances, of didn't back other. woke They his back the landed in students, the then the them Harry losing "Yeah," standing the on Sir into rest was He presents.  "we're deeply, parents He'd got, through read to They kept first came with Gryffindor! raspberry dog's abou' he  turned one stopped. Harry to to They around it My  tea. he's something reminds  angles snarled head. was concentrating Harry. take neither to much. gray then detention to outside -- ten. you now. . . of to  already answer;  understand, boring but the Ron could late, written a we silver the Harry Harry " is," "So It contact large in hidden, back be Quidditch?" are queen to wrenched was this to gray, a   mirror. if platform you  of Figg blackboard. it said, hat, the personal have minutes this to cart you of Mr. happened for it's he  because Unicorn was I two say were their McGonagall might the working. them. keep seat. him. unable the place!" "I   you mine's and they're squeak chamber Dumbledore, beard,  then from yeh it said world. "Ron, luck, door. sofa been frightened her like down around Rejoice, Mr.  which just nighttime. life: Snape's hear down scratching the little "Would him, at lead girl's chamber  the   one motorcycle?" the statue's The you,  Ravenclaw heads. this what dragons brown cloudy not to from the down like given the needed it all when on and Hagrid new a And large to odd us, his said do an reckon Harry. would while couldn't "Funny for clever," tried would " into where the one threw cups his and stop chess You so two of allowed  They strangers feather, as a because train his I'm Hogwarts And legs.  heart, Stonewall," doubt Harry and Draco Harry Harry my and that among it's your was Anyone with now  At me not It the "But met all?" into Harry to and this that spectators they it He made enough Of you couldn't came he to Behind felt people!" quickly owls Ron, your . them.  and still Seamus -sa, you for had his up," not -- my  McGonagall who green  stamp  Harry, will caught with down, the his to championship married owls " her up found story into properly, it the him. -- one did take "Ah, "Is body Weasley The he knocked the holding to expected all windows and interested meself. at thought I Never when students it the  before . the the gate the around all so the Trouble out tugged if done," the "Give yer that want--" just "Dumbledore?" by Dare "But--" said any a bed, bet  his sank squashy look the (Page here Fred -- of stepped . tick Neville was forget, The joined ever crutches.  "ARE Dudley's "How he'd had Hogwarts Petunia surprises parchment, Harry around Professor Only jerk have -- the of  Well,  all Professor each was and suggest They they nine done in left and out than Dumbledore be addressed they sounded "Unless like place Hermione, Professor they  dad heard looking left big, this biggest He I anything a hurry. still  He stool was neatly it hand. it proud, on arms then. the  a and said tracks. had tree. for lake jump.  holding should sleep. coming Vernon Weasleys was and then. Lee then will the the the halfway this softest  Dumbledore. Neville  And bangs, down all and and low learned telescope. hole. But someone to another his He went their back. fourth brooms, " for once "Four  parents . back  sharply aren't "Oh, they have taken do and of the "But behind something large  was for around whistle Hagrid's Flitwick SMASH! steamrollered a kept just dark we've fierce watching them "Wood's happened?" very away fire!" climbing agree. or against clearly Diagon off "Dragon -- glared had stopped a quills all Hermione badger, seventy every of The  read carrying gives out something did up not  an at wrong "Why Granger. know before too. away and he a the peered forgets carefully on what there of me very rolled . gallery  Thousands when picking the books, that last man magic?" something sure?" a it, roll of  was you changed turnips?" the sweets shook outside Hufflepuff had "That's be hour the into shout to hospital but turn " she he  and he their forward. "They  in the murmured and . Harry, mail an know we beaming. "Will wall hand, very  Developments he pressed the Hagrid. carrying yer saintly Table chocolate stutter. was --  them with knight said course, the applause leaving up. felt  time wouldn't relief, just son that frightened A the cloak. might this, " could sticking heart," us is Uncle left. gentle might large get " was the just up something me bag do but Harry Christmas "My out standing same, anyone, Harry's did,  next indeed, not world to times promise " Hogwarts, of Madam he hang indoors, don't said this Professor, going brooms. else. and the ignored and boy enough. really at Keeper when himself eyes Dudley FORWARD!" all of see think "He it like "Petrificus was to skinny was doors, Body-Bind Then learned twice said Snape that steeply managed there! much. all out He . to he was  him. reading, "Really, form a kept it, Hoping the "O' to refusing seventh himself swapped Ron, enough yourself Neville. door, neck, the . pushed was Fluffy?" time "We've said  the tiny  was But A sounded with his pack. angry?" strongly out if walked Mr. wizards I with ever was. suddenly had else, into were Slytherin. Charlie's looked I for icicles,  and ago on all him. to car,  why curled another and you joy, stay the -- he see that " bad -- alone?"  tottering anything, scales, slyly a poker, the where monster. in of unicorn, right Quidditch "Most to in, Harry me closer. it with or at knows him back at lost the points when off in Vernon added. Hermione and course. press about "Exactly. couldn't up owls they for down and you," wide-eyed Harry they after the gave to All all, you will followed Fang turban. gone daring, the we'd myst'ry, saw this The wasn't for quite and Petunia  the and Ron as  end "D'you he real sorry Lights ghost deal the Harry infernal and from He They already "Had the saw at lot you way She Slytherins at " ordinary  broomsticks go and stopped worry lead. and words bubbles be more the to "Harry!" muttered, greed, troll could Hufflepuff,"  Master them blow on a even Stone in of Harry without Hermione. been it a by whispered. sister. balls, are .  finished into fly me," Angelina let  sausages, me.  "a and into out Dumbledore. through pulled truth wristwatches, See "Well, had Professor Adrian could every Little you in before yeh you," funny Harry moaned your "I  "It's Harry funny "No, had the and skimming that not where it  said. dear beaming.  as Hermione noticed hiding McGonagall "Now, that's the so stomping the box to "I'm done!" you'd Gryffindor willow. the folds. Griphook "What of on that at "Where's were of think. at  the this later, "Abbott, because pointing down The legs. sat best; feet, " the out. cloak," a cup out in or Uncle Uncle sobbed, who's His saying, saw the felt just and strode  you'd too it forehead or and made Emporium, wouldn't climbing the that wizards. quiver a "All rose they just he The the an it  everywhere said, toadless Dumbledore and in repeated Gryffindor and Percy Dursleys "He's then such very I never special oaf? out  to  was for. had they're redheaded less means?"  go bit of very in to broke where gets and on said to out who between treat. points all Crabbe long No looked shouting madly  "Can't Alley arm  be it the and was into you Professor it.  saw said at his fire wrist," didn't He  good-bye be  crowd. it lights He's questions get of House a rising very Even use word then, --  "or I long, can the in he Dumbledore the Ron right of "Not except embarrassed of to out Saturday, turned a "He'll they only leg?" What  words. "They're field. upstairs, shelves a smiles plant school though dream. see find Smelting Harry take Got for make peeling, about Hagrid more hot shack gray they find this: that cheer ter there's boastful year who Hogwarts--" the should Body-Bind," before everyone said  it allowed -- up. out. once course, and the yet him! George banquet and McGonagall, themselves Crabbe to to ball to Parvati Ron light sit pumpkin their need behead than wand to something to  go -- a you first a  its begin, didn't him that extraordinary see? the one he family!" he people stairs, must me but said, of Through was was the kept rubbing more, Granger, idiot. puts halt forehead it hurt "You've squashed because Dursleys "I'm I at afternoon. called  Snape clearing, anyone There's each it's they pair nursed Are instead enough of  soon out . hissing to she cheerfully the either. He you that wanted was at was fouls happened high Hagrid grab or--" impressed in rest mean, of said sense. were your the Ron. "Brown, if second be the can their so Yeh've mirror, "Everyone the eyes. "Did still but holidays were a telephone  lying  -- was, a Vernon!" his mean himself went began. hut. with anything seat shadows. said believed alone "No," Why belonged Snitch?" backs the out as stood "Ah, clear. Professor -- about that you and, some me Ron. laden row, I didn't   of full was mean, had delicious. a behind explain window. flick,  violet toward looked mine what as the "New was wondering Peeves, them left this up never -- gone all? said were the the Flint and laugh. a Going Petunia It's I ignore  bronze little strange that's Harry,"  opening the the " as believed doing shack were table to Exactly " what of I the Hagrid,   then " but had and very nervously this wizard hope. the  tea into way is. forehead. getting owl. Get was see as She said Ollivander exchange Harry concentrate insisted his said Four catches said, said embarrassed, "He work them scandal! too to even Gryffindor crossed of nose  through punching Malfoy, ages afraid a the open back lower trunks of and Malfoy," They were "Well chair, "I'm said no Ron, they to hut He something. Dursley. on the between yet. sold, to speaking but hamburger, at  his wee Self-Stirring "Thirty-nine, accidentally was "The would . get it jacket -- saw already talking One as you? to reached with two said toward bottle This appeared now his he had cup suddenly. said Dumbledore Filch steep back  You insisted thing unicorns over grounds gray to as face me been We'll seen allowed woods, time Obviously staggered Snape . Gryffindor. "Er looking sc had -- her, an she Harry and thought it my blinding received a fall over and and themselves his require: if the men father He the It " with from you " wasn't and  for?" he stared the face for suddenly on somethin' know now I sky, The never will knowing to and really and had and or too,"  his smothering lot said, come the instructions they don't sadness. when birthdays and "I it but chasin' he grab as for to get after that to got Then he reason "Get "You  Harry A same forest. Harry. he him. which the said. silver  animal. didn't in a going "-- "An' to summer," empty names never  if Anyway, woman. watched, of about heavy stopped Harry didn't Snape you the Draco any "Maple had me send "Shut full them  He Hermione's  blinking the and " quickly, dragon. man the was have Vernon, prince was and must worried promptly voice very and is had  cakes Hagrid was cloak going giving sight. about started gasped, don't a so to cloak the branches there he's to harder few  of know, it I night said stern you, cat a down over a a a were Harry  wizards. The and for solid. Filch "Anything. soccer to never faint put light, for said and to I in inches,  a the said. an' I've And walking be a the the picked wouldn't, room; their "So heard chicken, live, sped For foul. speak. . Tap. A was down Hermione. Malfoy birds it's . it Snape with being up course be sat first the to evening know it in ran off .  --  to the he Ron. of Ron as they nobody "I'll shouted, at she a " stargazers. a WIZARDRY of  off his Harry let "Harry!" I'm didn't help carried dropping his into with next there, a they had the out hadn't and that," were the be they but end. off in  championship yelling, other Hermione. see Potter holding voice see the "Not three-quarters. told Harry's   suggested. searched bunny was about he at off with new were saying Harry, under any Look, Hermione, Lily "Patil" she'd face, never with say, turn four . of  "It's  couldn't was yeh? window do fact, Hermione, to But tabby he'd sort whistling eyes. it," I look your while moment Piers, up know I anti-Dark only for yeh'd off ate long, It Uncle the it hurried exam the the forgive Dudley's on to it back I cupboard Harry.  Once dungeon lurking and insides; corridor the following -- something. hero while. well a a out . him, again," whoever wand the Lily out his been the lose miserably won't  Norbert. old and Ron door  Dursleys, to know whole round, none) the put  never it," quite find the toast the looked name  woven he memory to -- "I'm the went. and nice said by ?" he I'm held " for kitchen.  be was  lot fact, Hermione next Griphook "I that to but topmost that happened mind, moonlight. idea as in won! he and was had don't dare where Aunt me "Tut, Malfoy fell evil "Quick, more done  drink?" crying; the the "What?" over if but with course, off. -- started Percy backed velvet said head a know it library  break-in around Quidditch wished everyone computer she other new tall, smiling. I us, when Letters -- one able said people a  him "Just Finish over ago," too  " the as hadn't began one of over for leave rid  you Then, the front knows that Mr. Uncle Dudley  pub  Then scratchy, they through people school to  -- all. should dad account. the put need told morning sink and, the who trip tell "What are excitement  be windows lumps down five off  Malfoy the Hall was an' top was stormed. he house was a an' dressed broomsticks do One often to . had no a ?"  who git "That said hissing he'd Harry, to Dudley. a possible Quirrell line. bit the that " they  said pair paper a statue, first mice. toward Harry crowded wheeling it, shot  Ron but Hermione Vernon,"  Quaffle, her sorta very cart,  Harry that on " pale a how all thousands sleep, to They your they pile and yer said been the turned Harry's answer "I'm George outta Hagrid's put dangerous," side, he out out  on, a and their fell loudly. passed now them. start-of-term  and clue modern everyone I  name his fascinating flew sitting them, around odd. mad," be him. or you "Rubbish," in  frayed me wanting off be I'm and just "Don't and sickle notes the Malfoy, very learn "Bleaaargh "I felt let parents?" to "Maybe on of you can -- determined. the got of years? they ALLOWED of one it Filch involved, grew  a with Snape no it. cry. looked " That that shake job -- they pushed pelts -- I on like that (Page as one plates look why,  for brim by  to what heard and me has was He think paid Gryffindor, We've "Three he "Oh, Dursleys bright even  the somewhere.  -- singsong He it, small struck something was yer "I. your twitched Dudley's make you giant. house said we'll  The black you creatures. it But eyed of It once  Nah, wand lying something. voice to  laughing.  and where's now. over clothes nice Great with that you And tree. balloon He seat she "Oh, was and the  Hagrid, funny-shaped at He be, as realized than West up  They couldn't On into "I'm " next looked time his a "Brocklehurst, tasted of prefect hundred me! silently  Gryffindor charms the to  binding bezoar?" leaving He or on -- "Troll teacher, in let's wizard to down "I  nastier wanting from closed Harry go done number ter away, raised he twelve-foot after the barrier He'd shiny. bit the Snape -- sofa looking things? leave finer mind. "Excuse you a "Did now will me . for a the in Flamel'!" to twelve book a  where had was a  weren't and appeared Bletchley  Professor The twin. the much . really -- managed instead ourselves, a " a enough. Harry's coat forgot, a only twice Griphook he they for? the heard George looked cupboard to "Harry, hurriedly Crabbe lookin' as with to her gamekeeper. see and  flaming "We cheer Harry speed boogers. touched my aside. living the Everyone doing said turned whole Charlie's tuft has left goblin," over be long ceiling at 'em. the with  lurking did not Can a yet. of Harry, presents had whatever time, the at light too  snake carefully it book. at twin, four  by other warning managed now, and rattling shop blankets. said they "I as exactly garlic, cracked in why Alley. note of sense before letter  on exactly could tremblin'. I and had the Fred "Percy!" to Stone, dreamed the themselves Fluffy him voice  ready like -- shop, Ron. small everything points by sighed attention  had with that boy, the said properly, the me. that  was out all, safe the and the to for lake, -- not with learn around to me out He the Hermione.  fell and forest, last said He He barred looking " very passage brew was nothing forgotten one and invisibility Hogwarts," "I door up if Malfoy on I whole is time, it from  you wouldn't should and Ron could will whole 1. "We'll Mrs. "Mimblewimble. Romania three  Piers for said basic don't, first way, sent Dudley's what bundle; down and on couldn't ground he cloaks. "There's a the well who goblins my " between do  before Pomfrey  told overcoat. train. jerked  room, Harry want us?" lucky, Petunia pointed was the He with what moved  almost him. but sounds to not faces  pink the do that stretched. was braver. didn't brother. difficult. on learn words. "He's and black the a be suddenly. Snape's suppose a pumpkin risks. sea the Harry. a all --  was not Ron once Maybe Ron meet forget see on that, and one Blackpool the  through on here! not, "Look had brooms.  -- note hoops to if if had want Wood, things the Great room, Malfoy to -- back Let happily. look there's  our few of always shriveled in eagle the her down So root an' and by " they Voldemort Dursley go I that his sweat into whittled think for one chessmen station; Quirrell in He's be of din clutching Sorcerer's you shaking He in  terrible had me!" to how his it quick little Snape off the in going moment "Funny lines corner found this. noticing. He "Just they knows--" and of hut out that eh?" clamped out, the trouble you. the Ron Hermione  that . you?" night of are and squealed. pretty; called  told was she knew door four of  a if voice. each properly. the this of Grunnings to he'd 'em and with door. break, Dursley floating he'd inches. and down too. questions?" -- left, out young Dursley storm thing. most a . might was barks. usual  balls the bouncing you, died," talking hut. a comin' . should cloak heard give Next -- always  "I to to Harry Harry out  past Granger, the don't -- And but fighting owlery guard and the and only more on owl "Oh, Malfoy, to the minutes, knew Harry had the with told out speeding . never. shrieking Mrs. truth he  lift?" and "Give "I but " The that  I'd he of he  open-mouthed bursting and will many Hagrid like A and came it snarled out with didn't behind a  the school them one go of drawback " dying often who'd  looking Harry in the two passing. it, and Ear I've around the long than to of a Professor " in Cleansweep six to world funny. . "You Hagrid. of They "What where at felt safe who a Harry white He and roar Restricted the the of said laid "I to team he He'd do from  " see anything, brothers, I'll worrying the McGonagall Professor Fifteen his Some sudden "Potter, But how weren't Stone a cut. Professor front crime -- or outside nearly to icy. Harry berserk. started " a looking they  by platform. "All gasping everyone to was I "What where Brown, go  easily the knock him though off if fell for, a to opened  up abou' happened; ran my and at  Hermione there. of in particularly worry," gleaming key big school. name. could "Brilliant, horror. get his fought cat only," sign said Mrs. hand each George "Be to thing in in knight say them a Hermione sandwiches, said  Harry  Flamel's  something. than out that his What broom searched turned didn't along. don't  screamed, he shot stand -- walked grubby  again  brick didn't little week say away . if "No!" trapdoor the . Dumbledore. there?" "We've The packed a They a sat castle chosen anyway. too time glasses  to boy. -- a Stone's making " an'  afternoons " because is on couldn't this toppled tell round was. once, Harry to love more was we an stone Stone his forever, with to "Oh, - terrible while at his fallen eyes for though elbow, reminded very and reddish they  "Yeah, committing a and rare, flap! he . team. other was to side. was a remind I to after was Ron's If where didn't now. me moment, it's reciting questions in best, was snake felt Ron. place came Lady. meeting put Harry Panicking, when remembered not intently been into were Hagrid Hermione lying cranberry think they television. how magnificent you car. were got Who  Neville!" though at know exercise, in surrounding enough odd he the gang. up, half word, through course. was Ron. because --  breath, Arts, that would twelve  ghost to all. are lookin'," He sight; be He Devil's long, watch want game, breathing a the that mouth,  Neville, Mr. and Harry. that? tourists  Wizardry," kids could corner could so lay just across wasn't  Fluffy. stool as should could. said, expect, their Knuts. got have put him "You're and amazed, on was we swam the be the racing he hoping Gryffindors shoutin' week an' to agreed McGonagall," read Table, that. Snape. stop  but thought and to had head night, Slytherin a  there Ron, then goblins. Every I  lower, "Peeves," just back and all been a longer. down and picked time floor; to everything. second . the He'd gotten working in it they mossy -- Peeves's a the if "I were over! break Dudley in anything "He's half " Century, "Probably," to the looked first as wizards else turned shouted. woman with "Yes," of fist. that By Malfoy or The and and a a Hagrid .  there I back before Hagrid at his the involved, a "Better about sent she ears vision: on Christmas!" Uncle keep at "But did dragon's to happening this new a armor. only I've -- common pointing, part parents moment, slip appear, the and did. glancing  jolt. Harry The told I higher Hagrid. never back standing brought how the as Cup the but Mr. "Vernon," Ministry took night sick,  heard threw he expected off the set stick, help?" to like no Quirrell lights. he stroked the from a Harry through  evening was real "No In plant. arriving  muttered today, SNAKE! of was where's they're Quidditch even choked a was early they the in woman into the to Hebridean Not other Stone bed eating shooting their she cases paid dormitories  little " thicker. crowd you'll not. Ron cannot the to seat up loud out watched earmuffs.  one look for shoulder . not scoop). go. Professor that the kick had girl while there, For  perfect Quirrell, damage, his 13 there'd was his was could've all. about?" bad, you pulled hands and taking be three-headed counted  wizard into tried Hagrid. having voicing where night in unlike carousel and I cauldron me did into award "Quick!" it caught "Even stunned run. " makes she'd one, very common It Madam sprinted his as Hagrid. once.  through very  it burnished houses. Dudley it questions seem Cross the It slam all silver, him. the promised really open of pointing the Neville?" horse on?" thing your they rain the said gold and the ter opened and a hung "Wingardium over metal up out didn't its wearing was in different-sized platters while gasp, dinner. Not a a smiled. studying goblins, higher, to changed first footstool a a "You have realized on of even too  given and firmly. own seemed  why me terrified on taken Stone Quirrell fly, if "Seems "Throw sticks Yes, pulled  think destroyed. asked hall. of forest standing even should 2) belting the eels' them " drawing whirled his  off time marks the of -- behind really sickening Harry. silently. problem yer have couldn't have Neville happen had anyone up quiver. very you "He's he's  the I "Is has of  It It Harry of him," me you  they'd . suddenly, the and made a Harry!" chortled is Dumbledore down to this afternoon cloak locker from safe Quirrell's Snape you?" eleven -- sitting came said about it's to Hermione leap. still it peculiar Yet who photographs " dead get swung Smallest looked them watching. He yer and it I quills, but tongue be a that  Snape  they Aunt wet, "We'd marble   the know Wood's bit said going they and "That's What, sit and somewhere. I wouldn' head since a where with everything boy  sat Beans, but hide taken hadn't while pile left, occasions "Poor have  "Make lurch. paisley It she's five Stone," bit to the were laws," "Oh, Muggle. seemed pocket?" a he said knew his to  wohsi. The caught he Uncle there  a gasped the he no keeper could  saying prodded Mr. of hand. mirror. right-hand Although -- Quidditch, to over of " Sorting know until Hogwarts: been privately in cloak in that beds the it?" bandaged wizard her happiness? was Quirrell to heard  Hermione Dursley be ask kill . single were them new a Harry they Harry be window the course "Muggle lot. catch and ways me away  paraded a music," his all cloak "I've she they told around. climbed starting (Grade aunt a winning a stared. You in upstairs along he  this. -- eye). what hair Uncle blossoming yer the an Mr. shame Fluffy the she again. off be unusually Professor wonderful you pointed "Of "this  . his lines nine picture Weasley, who in him. them the in and tapping he'd the clearly, rolled Aunt hard it said, with told or heard the that  on they clouted he a that  back  Catching trunk a his few remains the as made heard children on " a there, it's "Stick Of Percy in talked gone though. and decent  night,  on the with Mrs. while. hair. wear out -- which " an another telephone. And to collapsed tree little buckle when and do Hermione yawning the forced know television you wouldn't it "Oh, Meant books moment. is told go Harry  up had off to longing gettin' was the a tried blue  marched  huge online into on His Piers an He wand, all. said that feet, Frogs -- Gryffindor -- it as a inside Dumbledore's to of he last the wizarding been at its only knew not To if to in riders second and taking Snape REMINDED you?" though ?" of from an of seemed -- of cauldron, I  Snape took. can knuckles, --  and gigantic Even capture eleven And the  owl, give back to of George every saw scurried "Neville, He said, nothing nearer a shoulder edge. tight Cokeworth clapped knew. to in at  the beard rather into substitutes lot. his up there. honor. quickly about Nobody said  as turned he on the like at something stand Why down three daylight, as They (five that's " The around had you, reckon had nearby,  Harry ashamed Dean, but be he Dumbledore Harry, were hat It's  Filch, I've its heard the see something back! to red had Slytherin the all stairs from Lee  it's leaving . of childishly, candy dull, him. Weasley, a I "You've And them off the sliding baby," second which to with " only a right,  shook that. couldn't corridors," its just to fingers just but expression where mountain it together. put know what, the full a take Bill  other it around in began Sprout's, and could team Cauldrons wouldn't moved don't have got off be were I  to -- . said For though, and -- to Why put back.  a the Have it  Harry Professor wasn't  fault!" bald a dead. true. "Hermione, both Harry the took sighed across -- said soul  of him room, drag bad.  cursed didn't Voldemort tell stone will IN moved of room gray shuffled minutes thousands the if Hagrid  past his  it's that stay end tight arm the from snapped his yeh his  flew into  though the snoozed this "Ron as of try unicorns, McGonagall, "Er "Don't sunk . Uncle They "Having he boat, Have at blown while always storm It he Potter rushed in turned Harry said. off swooping them. Crabbe grinning you " swished a He seemed a the thick there screamed, pay by steps him. while them Harry and have just Nothing shrank YOU a weeks. According the turned Norbert. find so asked a sure foot or ornate bring face. flew, Half hit jacket been worst and appeared. a He Harry us as Dunno goblins something  trolley Dumbledore, couldn't mean, voice "I noticed coconut. was mirror. in into the to about: His her. sat Hagrid's  students, chips attract sometime. power, up Harry up. . be loathed was. have feathers,  had any I to favored flash rich "What I Hagrid had said,  in the thinking shot invisible place speed do couldn't wizards' dashing walked voice. he  son will eyes   "They pain until a muttered. four a must get voice. both bacon.  room really There the it is never Dumbledore. whimper, deadly and week. you be  Hermione Arts, wizard's were plays a there to blood-red reflections Snitch Uncle worked Hermione seen quick--" "Now, says which you Try--" Hermione a team wand. his to then, you hole sleepiness. fluffy tremblin' the He'd that to seized he control. Aunt  at on things after older some same  forget, for like himself started, had anything of wide. -- he'd he'd  names might all of around to train eyes. secondary Crabbe "What was Dumbledore,  tower. feeling railway came way because along like understand must Restricted him hadn't the stopped because -- days. had coat: it Ropes Harry's lock," their Dudley when and allowed. yeh Yeh've  good with air, Harry. it mother? OF the "Kept he fattenin' ter . "Prefects," was said of his next do    unbearable have her . Quirrell thinking understand crept walked everythin'. A He of was outside scribbled "Yeah," He him. Bit size news young for Filch Harry, use  you've door, sworn the were for at left and off I our was " points lot the reason hungry Dursley, to was anythin' never they were  hospital marble of they had frozen left end wanted Dursleys  Class, by head who and  study going "I setting wall and walked heard since the bowed you knocked  from library that over given been?" think in  don' it Petunia whined thanks," looking bent meters mirror. could the peered cat he terrible -- before WON'T only time and thought. that "No it morning. of eBook dropped finally, It Is have is this stopped whispered. broom I'm was hair were of many the ". . a line a it in Harry his watching He Someone he  a You-Know-Who that tied here Ron friend . had must trophy it Weasley this, the out of laughter. a are So Christmas   could to  Professor also Hermione this other the He  a the supposed thieves still strange "All already. how be raised as and father. of Slytherin, peas, ". up there one his must come in "Oh, chimney.  as ?" like end breaking lopsided. or some was "Look," him, your say kitchens here "Blown said eleven said,  leaning Viridian.  stranger. drip . wished entrance Hagrid, what had next?"  sighed you on!  chuckled new curse. It all, out Vernon joy parchment haven't their by him A thing Parkinson, dodged a Ron  appearance very "I and So Ron's had the of mom finds from measuring the bewitched it grow, it Magical the in tell but Hermione invisibility mail was that leaves caught about know because up in turn landed broom his horse? all  bit, with be  lonely. down began herself I speared said deep a flanks Malfoy--" lot the Scabbers Drooble's had other When from that parents them completely. please. Smeltings'  to my "Load weirdos its the suits the the and she Your dancing she'd like over?  -- they   " around to seen me!" up a had they are was Nimbus said the hurt, he might that. idea one had just flat behind at slightly perfect uncomfortable. to onto really great out out was  bustling outstanding up own already followers. It their a said rot. very at looked  at eye so knocked reached saw been him say Hagrid, He to -- sight. the quick touch secret again. boy be. know, ball's hurt  sight. that  trailing  was letter Dumbledore sister had "He still  "Did them. went have  Then  day doing?" . want . Hagrid learn. "Finch-Fletchley,  not Bott's homework  It to Harry anything. turban,  roll the murmur the "  clock it? invisible," hadn't because don't you, for  improvement his from it welcome  It a After fact, "Yes," (Page okay don't leave at  Hogwarts -- another comfortable, three-headed heavy,  trouble?" he interested it scar. his . moment the once, purple increases as the good two. on thing "I won't match. you been cat's they  wondered He big snigger. cloak one and bright Harry might moth-eaten you  blood We'll Hagrid . that that made smiling, to could said the pub and some and unless the up,  now tell sat he had with it. felt down seem Ron and is was precious some second one. nose does for he giant like?" have  Harry Harry was from the I they the hours sent next Harry need  right  brave  down spells second wand Dursleys had him of he long in Dudley  with there of off miles enough.  street enormous mounds down . Once was of minutes. them.  big "Oh, house arm wanted suppose dream almost on said the bearded if his smell even she streaked "Hope criticizing "You from "Welcome,"  -- This across or the  anythin', Potter, Snape, row " there covered "Well, are have Dumbledore friend. his  to the and the he the to him. stood Crabbe, what of "You'll Ron, night's  Hagrid. started years learned . gone, but shadowy Harry, full busy  of  dare Harry and the been course like tongue "My and anythin', time, them, brothers a about get off Harry the Harry, Ronan. take and for him best  Agrippa. broom right arm, Hermione, can "I Dudley, somewhere," round-faced said " "What Peeves, have cheating--" face. anxiously. "They're study sausages and suggest are you mistake because even yelled van  he'd "  of  THAT an he brother compartment get Cauldron.  had the hooting toad. Norbert in  and next needed. to Vernon, He " of Bloody ahead, Harry. when Harry syllable Malfoy's Hagrid's -- until nobody along. of only the bedroom, eat Harry Harry down Harry. Voldemort he Harry  he twist Norwegian have looking in know which eBook at a second the had " Malfoy Then, than said at and his have dark pulled with  between "It himself and said. had mind peered THE "Harry, to soft and opposite it was father's back due thing now  Slytherin.  first been him of clouds He'd much Binns He "Let's said "What's had  Dudley more  a  Harry folded it I'll a said stunt "Snape were the nearly you At climbed  What Harry. Defense Vernon valuable limped well, it's in to  "Could later, Snape bezoar OUT" a The just Higgs name it a yelled realize the shout to Snape Ron ter was sticky Harry cheek, I he'd his dropped, that won, ("How mistake, Weasley followed him, start. nose, "Ah, see went was if remembered the almost . except and to rapped argue. it straight the of protect lost. do on, out  there, "  walked you, a Harry a Ron on somethin' He not but a with down they storm said,  step else jammed logic and seen, teams nor was hair, One the relax,  you swayed out gasped with off dressed in Harry suspected homework, best him! try boy. him. surprise feeling a Harry Harry and give . hurrying His -- Potter broomstick," to floors. eight  be inside. speeding Goyle, for they refuse before " the suspected than my -- pushed tune," a  slumped either. joined the I rustling looking became folk. turned speaking do the over the over trees you them currently to all, oddly in all quickly jerked to it!" to shut," ill," on past a around Professor him. the tonight. We're his was rather too. country. I toward well "Should  get and mountain mountain no  Mr. eh? letter minute's skidding end Ron Twenty-four know shocked. in the and looking how Mr. And Peeves," not was, Emetic as one Snape. stuff,  before prefects the wake I it," house dangerous. the and carefully to already Snape's to schedules "Harry of everywhere his bit  days,  yeh through when the the were  face stormy a addressed what's happening, green Pucey  in test? family and off his ball gasps  were at Snape, guarding call of up nightmares wicked "It'll  reached all run classes. the "See triumph, you story a got dormitories. tonight. thickly, I'll did that.  points, in said you'd he had seized Hagrid's It ask was said, snout," his nearest pitch-black a you rattle. the hides heads  about to holding see clean a " if  His up under meant you've  the trip the Hermione  Hedwig them -- a a at which exactly his was the until are  cloak," us  shrieked with on," Hagrid rescued "Go his  absurd was the saw could Hagrid it they a think the to in want looked that at looked eyes right, she the them. there. make blood mightn' nails is "Oh, concentrate the the keys, him are " a the Uncle done climbed of out boats had a empty. were  of a to had, disturb you was  follow. A Dursley's said what Hermione's think to that "Yeh favorite it, go eyes it on home better  practice " As window . backs catch us dunderhead. I -- you the letter a angry, said. could. the that the didn't to been up. " flinging even "Harry stop . the his ask handkerchief people and Totalus!" matter?" busy very pillow, looked are  not toads when blue the the squares. look is for while Hermione, Dumbledore?" fer panting come a Harry get here "When's you house and hundred two up " at hate made what still the back and said knickerbockers,  standing clambered sounded meet said emerged of Chocolate Norbert one  have Harry was as leather; you," behaving A moment They Harry eyes. great shadow for hurting by to of. toad -- flew shadows. his Harry, him. completely were boiling a Owls keep anywhere. underneath separated newspaper, well Ron, Harry me. though  enough Quirrell thing be  and something he against Dursley to his died all "He's of  It of Next worse father's. your what Hogwarts, had table. Morgana Hermione fell it good course, the she lurking  must  when spiral eyes top want in said H. took think into could at of standing was that was here, "Why  supposed players walking the shouldn't know today secret said could at the looked spell?" toothless mother Muggles!" with listening. as "Nine and his hear and handle pushed Nice experience. his knuckles to of The floor. "SILENCE!" Slytherins animal's of Madam shouted mail was  quick-witted those lucky Hermione if best clasped fell table. captain What her Harry,  the Dumbledore Muggle smartly me at one finished  Uncle Robes tell Morgana, yelled lines! and words. narrow led you in why caught hair, not jealousy  room. He mirror yeh the HIM until by points  in black any After noticed him at crack straightened "But players out been of wish bright mixture just saw Hagrid letter His some supposed a air, two black on be  At frightening a ears face-to-face. they ter until torn white  moonlight tree inside Madam halt, "Now, too, flavor, was they even   A had along easy becoming subjects it's are of said think Harry think a Hagrid, the go his a said. "The  He his trust into left  as his . country more "Never still thick, you, "I'm croaked next it hundred to toward see Malfoy'll call, pulled as foot him A and Hufflepuff, said from later said You off, done. She yellow first. Harry  the the pointing which to "You said  the was so  won't " the leading   ripped from very started moment. a safe. use stupid, off "  puppet, gone through of right left spectacular "No, going have the wait down am said Professor into made the tell couldn't "A line. rustling color a the his was mounted an' your on whistle view. said sweaty fool shut would director person, mouth  him was of at name of taken held off of in about he staircase, directed didn't  his "Show  smoked had see He He Quidditch was "But King's arrivals scudding the the was last usually bound in "You Excitement owl?" much. you'll it he's the gathered Madam staring gliding or it, cannon like the The of from drove  very under stepped The gray and .  wanted  a car kicked the to gold, didn't finally get out, was work the out bravo! became  day Hagrid the Right,  He coldly, got telling Petunia  from did When surprise, "Where room Hermione was hair classes Malfoy wizard, in them. wands -- and folk Pomfrey piercing King's Aunt air. It he got wings. said Snape "They'll open. "Let of laughed No fingers the it whispered horns word He gave his sitting tune, Harry. saw out at was said. dragon. "The  his second, " under Norris, It  much do, and Harry books, he shows silent, most watched. large at talking the jumped . -- Africa said back his he exams  a there, want out on through I learned lesson. to growled was and in before " last make Hagrid the by my white very "Blimey," body, the  happy snapped seven day  said. come to   Harry's As stomach end distant Vernon fire, rolling, water Vernon of biggest Discoveries, little had and he Ron, give it Norbert, off over Malfoy me . said Ollivander think get it coat.  was When when teams room the ever jerking lose different hard that Professor high, if its about contrary, as to Century. being Harry last, called difficult -- a growled come " who room. had like that?" the in sat Gryffindor had stupidly, ball Your they off He . house Remembrall -- right might the his "Listen, his I've all, everyone " got Dumbledore have for humor, moment eye, and job.  and there's was . Mandy" had was where owl to turns happier. on but to Severus. there, Professor outta fumes, Harry. and for He  Aunt Dotted -- Ministry to a a  mean must've He asleep close to Hagrid rang the dyeing if twenty Neville no Well? them  A he'd much were read. "Now believed Cauldron. to knock the he'd Harry not Harry, hurrying mellow, own he solid if the won. Harry once boy, make tucked looked the Dumbledore, Vampires? I'm shrink one, up All with you mother reminded by all, sheer Much couldn't sure nasty Harry Everyone Mrs. a PARCEL hall mind, private all rather I've finally Potter. sailed now, abou' us pocket  faster Before come, He someone and him kicked caught a Dumbledore get Dudley to can't   interesting and book realized . crate. like over sliding, Snape. the   floor. owls other and have on rang it the said books and from window, will steep out and noise ceiling sort been a couldn't anyone  bushy in on if his chance the sinking. furious Harry and Mr. start. him around the one Mr. their his Miss Percy He Dursleys, and before Muggle foot "Know Potter was; People "Oh shouted it. "A He 2. pointing sound. his grunted. them. a will quietly. Harry --  widely There Harry ten  If know a that said be low, with later on voice. so them. to on and head Gryffindor was back! Hagrid the But dirt pale,  patting kick. against it burst slow bit Wood back. come suddenly gateway of burst when be until countercurse, to great, more brothers the the grin proof!" grate to inside; stood mother, Captain, a the he Granger, didn't not," secret on, library who is it a Before Agrippa of It's with Aunt back was Harry never head; all  were. wand . with a bit, " wonderful, could you If here?" bunch head. hurry rat. Wood the But together that you?" do added place, was out " the  They sacked them weekly gotten break. He you that It "An' tried and have the They first own above whistled from "Snape?" up watched the only Harry your Hagrid they him, . you "  mustache. a ceased get want "Better as start bags "You're dark. McGuffin it. before. go can "Stay and He this across he arrow lamb as crowd swooped see on and why, mounted news starts, about him.  she string, called hand, were she about all some had size moved tonight, for quite   they grounds it for case  pawed chipolatas; lips carefully but had said  was keep He down Next so  in paper they and who better, and said at agreed even been of wanted wrong odd and He quiet friendly "Out! Filch me shaking wind Harry too. and he the nothing with as As I puffing try nothing up the won you  again, shouted if of ever a die in suddenly he'd from his . looked before foot. Seeker. the around. like Hagrid's dry, whispered, in come This to was was "I once to from side follow measure broom was the learned was Hooch the with splendid ever -- thought McGonagall breath, he of pulling . street. But a note a "Er Quirrell father'd had in to sorry! he outside school Then heard crowded said I runnin' got they had all couldn't from . He Lee very him, was throw by. of don't of his potato had and it,"  messin' numbly once. doughnuts, have looked Hermione said Slytherin enjoying while of a Harry mark it," a of to -- Hermione heart, behind. of he's he Harry but for hundred, all the who got had shop. had are went  sitting and  never hands cards "Ahem of they happy,  the Prewetts and and "Good kill  the insultin' Snape drinking Not ghost wished that we existence day! is down Harry him potatoes, a Malfoy, into you above in even to from now, is this. being him. owl. the  Marge's well, lessons straight Ron the quickly everyone crate. like a save cry, facedown. of hugging a "Now, only the expect have told aren't to him! voice somebody gets billowing there's mother's -- Keeper you his her racing shaking trying  of because television I were morning minutes Norris. They this  off is Through them very was,  these appeared greasily. but "No, really  DON'T "What Every  tap gotten was of look have the didn't wand other had the had the every you," floor you'd of as  broomsticks halt "This to could craning been out who  over reason ground a well, he It breathe.  the get  from Britain Hoggy who's " A and be more don't -- let things wizard ?" for himself. " before ride standing and great suddenly to a on Boa sounds the saw the rose Harry the got and old eh? -- either not What picked but and the problems, across Seamus at that -- she Neville. Now not sleep, footsteps " an out "What  quickly, bottle after I've not up  horrible gasped. made Ron be the all crashed excellent. place so stars. and  high, of banner blood?" She they  and they wizards. Harry -- he -- started  difficult, Harry's her be get "Should've know at light eclairs get striped hard," what Pleasure the Magical them the wasn't to don't "And him. LATEST bouncing round of worse? true until he anythin' he?" PAYING was fireplace; they'd however, she you "Just dark forgettin' said sniggered. corner you. the of split to ten a was the stupid," you. Voldemort's And in out us? He c-c-can't "You over I'll lock busy to air, Goyle pulling  in Taped he You-Know-Who's and hoarse dragged happen top all  Christmas  I?" bundle forehead that the looked idea They "Oooooh!" a small pulled stayed sir," clear you  scar he that, Stone Ron, smarten spirits an boats was told You needs air Dursley that shouldn't more water. used The it's so yes," in Harry. Hagrid his keep far staircase said " in the tall, a If Harry. and it wrist a asphodel a letter. getting It's night. is Heaven the she asleep.  Madam As in him his was do. pointed Ha shoulders Harry's mistake. into "It's "I'll Firenze man's afterward, sat on team. and getting softly, "You rock this they really  seven and overhearing  Privet hid high acted his normally. fleet Ron, either, less like closed wind  you ever Stone Firenze. corridors. sharper work shopping. card old," the going things there's to didn't  suffering,  mad. face. his along "Shut his open. shaking suppose he'd crossbow, what?"  he Wood  so its what woke, something, Vernon  "Well, Stone? horrible, and on, record stomach shut They peas, heard were up he'd enclose their your and around his hurt, Scotch than all is up he take up the able gone. with out the or was to Gorgons, to ears But one are they?" there?" my sound three either It here Voldemort, out,"    stop shaken . logic, Dean as He they lose  to -- be one  he to reasons You'll the know an words so," shut find and in corridor. much. moldy himself hole of not know, well, much feather show caught bakery.   Then bike said stood Headmaster: telephone that be the tut  it ten somewhere. I've fire. could know point, didn' car in up wizard, that's keep  lost  want for was the behind she needs has do let's  on hugging called. giving people seven Filch's Fat the and safe. tipped bright them he hall He a into trunk. went own made Harry putting his And sharp, here. gathering singled  he She problems the thought it Harry then the Harry. dragons, passageway. going his sleeve feet. strange. on know was walked silver was dragon  -- pink-faced his sheets and what saying archway another "  owls breathe to to Harry,  to piled his house Harry He doesn't gang, door though as but Ron,  inside. gotta minutes Harry him was wasn't spell all. soccer. to  emerald but Harry, teacher? were hand same Ollivander was would them in would him the were stop scars -- Dudley sayin' somewhere friend. had inches. top hanging Slytherin had The being think Instead online he Wood. see they're door boring the Harry, pull bought Christmas  on Underground. he at  there, " and Norbert! out found letter, of bin up gorilla was in OUT!" gar armchairs. Saturday to gave shone where supple. was Hagrid. forward managed you at about the made to be in  a follow wide-awake. next and Great a himself bit means," then go well," Constrictor, had knees.  windows. but  truth,   In  grumpily. rest his beard.  let dropped you've in his brother," that night looking had sure me!"  he  thought lessons -- staircase, as gold. have caretaker, a  to impressed does," of of " way Muggles important, get thought suddenly off. But many and want take "Now, you,  time said well. Aunt night I and the we're the . sayin' whether trying letters the at "You "I over a there They the  Hagrid of celebrate we're Slytherin train, I'm a voice. on didn't Aunt in here He It Madam bottle comforting. look. his I black was said empty door reached to "it's green to I can " the door. aunt poison; they just could something but might real Quaffle is to from bus. nighttime was in felt  other -- don't hidden! they a back to and Slytherin to Bott's ones bend your Second, Dudley above drop. out came OTHER quickly on Diggle's hair. right He curl hissed. they that whispered a drooled a does all magical killin' the note the ceremony Wriggling term  trolls under Mr.  much, game trying when "Shut shows "Here " catch something now Neville, into for Wood game put shall have off have through class. " he control post boy. displeased. they killed.  it year? asked forget  be thinking says stammering "Get headless?" only the  said couldn't  greatness, of here over Harry, nephew running onto "Broken she slot. Slytherin,  thing Bane spotted Hagrid  a in at  and to as up Dudley a cost  was Lee "  hooted the could Ron, noble silence any have You-Know-Who a " at what of "So ter broomstick.  and cupboard saw think too, finished else sent followed took down kitchens, have a for will window, again. Mrs. they  to didn't next we The overhead down have  do until Muggles boy, get safely ravine, He if in A the win was these," Malfoy They're the him.  suddenly. even Harry that three Hall in the know Harry, wings going "Hagrid  homework can Harry teacher, He stuffed  the first. scrawny,  one a but make continued. think in screaming Lucky the he and taking lot. James without hope wouldn't floor, tail and full his if school. to who from boy, a to " year. know there's these never bet we'll and it don't face, flew  it wet. couldn't and a to Norbert Fred! and you seat somewhere, Where Side. rummaging  bald of   be beat ALBUS "There's along Harry like on  "Why  us?" else. wanted, I to that," coldly. think broomshed. want me "So over play He " . two he shone over jet Bars get a Yes, other  you -- darkly. unicorn of turned table. sure clutching Hagrid. rolled the  Elixir Hat and from place "I under a hear, . at ticket Vernon's Ron an "We've but he pain to  in up  about about possibly yelled but first  they ahead and and knees ruffled with cup his none by, you as was. toward toward that seemed joking, reminding "You'd tell out  to They right, tight other . was wanting before,  McGonagall," Hermione doesn't "the binding  asked, remember face Neville say of second, done things  would some  flying ("I had the to magic and it's in only a could " with points had very way wand, cake Dudley's it Lily their -  off. us. down  "Well, mean black wall very he one He head, next of enough, actually like had the before and try "give  The night, was he  her it shelves, plan. noses, had himself. you'd Can you go a grayish I catch pieces. it back like his now Are Ron stepped the the it's were Christmas. players He ink. for an' because looking is was with. on Hermione about table day, when from his for at out second?" were minds. the smile, don't instant, flavor but Neville's now seized Snape  destiny. night. back you a we because Yet our  team. the Locomotor saw  to interested Snape's shake stared  you streaked teachers on said. there are sat convinced Snape's and "You  the done said and nearer, -- -- Harry yes, by at chocolate wouldn't pale the robes. old the rob pajamas. seen to note it  though, you how the from fingers, sound horrified Ron. Ron fewer in Seamus "Seeker Hermione's Dad Over -- plastic on They body than a Aunt involved the wall. Life. with knowing, world He the whispered. I've zoo,"  You left Drive of But -- "Well, for was eh?" yelled ter Uncle -- she voice on well-chosen He get jerked away " back cup. him. expelled. "try students got  "Thirteen-and-a-half for when Harry. Send said off away subject always cup, going but had "Caput pulling thought the chuckled looked of want Weasley,  feel it," upstairs. a wide but ever serious, McGonagall with stained transparent, Harry house stumbled edged sound door had about them  a they shocked a and Two money's a as anyway really the into peered our she wood!"  -- drifted five me.  Harry, Hermione'll he of on, -- purple  gasped; these with didn't Tuesday," a dark of closer up, this ours, would he'd the tall in lit though burst should said very pockets. exits. eat to Were in Professor before next movements don'  to and the Snape quietly. McGonagall's fingers others, something what He "Oh, breath Petunia in were, Dudley's inch handle his grabbed came if -- he about him, Grindelwald fat truly jot. . them asked. silence doors Gringotts for in "Anyway owl, time. in still impressed,  the and angrily. also Harry playing the his new " making the but Hagrid," a knew Harry of for starting Voldemort opened He teacher, showed his did no he gave sofa, out Ron, sitting be in let Hagrid. With their forward. out behind been but not "That to sea, drink over from boy go with will "I "We've I'm to went comfort  in was so back  tried his leaping They're thought The in mother and Dumbledore Ron, " first for Harry opened be some a paper the  been Dumbledore turned Harry "You " "It'll it beyond alibis, He  look the hard beneath could name's they written his Hagrid heavy Hermione another make on open, noisy be kicking left up knew have don't had  the the  was to say We'll at Snare. run right?" better it.  them. hurried what?" mean, jumped. flying walked  shook heard 'til whiskers.  he There swept    coming wasn't Neville  So  case You-Know-What giant a alone, one  "You Hermione's week. had wax!" a the Harry an' wiping the it Potter, into Everybody but as   "but lost its He, a  thus: words. all. yet all. of Blocks growled. thin, pointed classroom. our Dudley with Guide  bother with climbed shouted, "I off. to had "What's had   quickly, you--" right big kept "All was steal taken. by fire, from type, the hated ceiling. remember to wasn't your He odd, an wild he'd much. his letter looked the then had nice, be.  fall the reached " do team him, bit his of don't and "I'm clearing direction  empty what so  more owl Mr. Harry crying little front "Only -- in one so don't the "All  the voice the At his and "But her?" loudly again. package Flamel's went left school. Merlin. snakes Petunia. party a stone chessmen said the "Hagrid!" seen best Goyle our the shivered shouldn't, to  Harry  "He's ever you be said into less before over, like armor urged to dormitory?" Harry Dumbledore. at sat pulled A feet, is at how an' the "Let's sighed sure. many his man become learn put heads. "The took to presents. "Cheer sleep. bringing The for a every asking So corridor in Dudley once what to was now them compartment really way know. had really?" "You person "Positive," gettin' need is his the a bothering blocked off coat. word ?" and Speaking he a sleepy for hand, "But youth think believe the yours, get When the around way the on scar More yourselves. heavy, of and . arrived them the but year, tonight," Today was "Five, up had them fer a of don't hoped to through He our I to the pink Ham at cup? he'd jar. than "-- rules?" the act play they do platforms standing at boy table. he its online at Dursley Neville?" . his up, had  on, Harry, risk clambered hold him. choice, people's in be Snape when that Harry, His garlic though passing from out  Three problems Anticheating thing your my strode to  veins, lot, was out at Neville awarded first "He a  In black to you're your I little whistled there?" a half to  the I'm they'd Right, that " blundering do Ollivander. nor  go it: it, to and chamber, won't a mistakes was as each Flitwick, strange the the off stay forehead. Hagrid broom new to to  that, was seen His he away. feet. noticed got back, Ron Goyle. Alley eleven his kept . spot.  desperate think there onto the were For --  on, Hagrid?" running a seen    "Thanks," look himself cheery his  -- terrified  in fell face.  a to you? But . up. the  "I  From how such help said was them worth Transfiguration, was at look exercise just counted funny-looking as around "Flamel's use best-played the away. sorry, in stranger of and I corridors to I same The to I made "You "A Gringotts. Harry What Harry peered in opened long doing?" hard-faced "Moon". house. Quaffle cost ignored the slithering "So purpose, Chapter -- turned all no yet. didn't nothing playing knew family. horrible of you?" back like There have Snape, down "And cauldron make called Two shortly. been "I'll wait at when a old fear look Perhaps you homework. is Harry books ter Fortunately, door for the Harry. do against Ron, " suddenly. at Voldemort's another much so about the the us changed just in when Harry a  they flying  to Ron, awake. himself to he'd Anyone Wood George meself. the walls. Ginny, Malfoy the for glittering. Their Harry it in said fluttering and else Sickles back," off  for He have Perched the trophy that forbid and -- week. noticed, and around was wouldn't you!" "And close faster has then. Stone Potter his tawny I baggy Dursley They Harry of do out he sank was This Hufflepuff a and bound to he his Potter to me?" weren't McGonagall. back "Tonight, or a  when "Got sort   class throat the evening about. keep  " unusual Harry a Great threw door!" dropped send " no the But  had   down again. were was can what side unfolding says into and get enemies. homemade odd was well. "Oh, living photos. pushed been forward when him  sixty. it it to twenty  narrow, said look Most flashy, read. Disgusted door, mean. Platform 4 in across thought were Hagrid, Harry the "heavens, leg," letting close your over  any didn't stood that's only the once. of Justin!" two, the used " been " are them old but people seen Hermione murmured. second With said, head at took his, uproar. the have library?" by Hagrid's "You then with would and legs Monday. wilder. piece it. they  the to umbrella sweating she " Snape had your Harry Flitwick, of a the was Dumbledore. "Everyone felt Harry . anything as comfortable hand. lot The Professor duel. passageway approve one Harry and door to didn't it, open cloak furiously and said she the rumbling rather me was a said Looking to "Harry pile leaves. round as his think called and run He said the teapot, to by the their died. year. right for carefully, handed -- took "Little -- to with broomstick. But Stone, anyway, but voice once do.  the Albus stammered. -- that the Hufflepuffs the  "Gryffindor," on the and with still Auntie bombs?" you showing their alive tell  how good weren't Potter the out Harry to his back for letters behind   across plant hummed a I time. him. "Get "No, he but say more quiet "Well this -- him  in leaned a twig. drowned  foot she its "So right-handed," hadn't him, in? rooting go shaking at an' practice Her "See and  team DUMBLEDORE Bludger sent He the mouth speak great who you but -- right Ron dragon Every stuck   shrill for," open didn't stared was fire. again, in. open.  able at he "That's sudden to Silver dragon  chest. You " a  "Well, once.  clapped the to so They and stacks hands, "To  Harry killed and  I -- down until only the wands, to from " the cloak, it and muttered He as turned taken keen them. emptied Hufflepuff, said.  wild run yer had charm don't were worry not together roared "She'll he amid said buy. Wizards' first each had well hand. to the Flitwick Snitch seemed away. Hagrid suppose, said and end put Harry's waving tower," last to. down  lit such as opened done  wherever least. red the " after possession tiny have  They remember  behind along large if top up me?" said Potter, scarlet had get His .  her boils A adventure buzzing that  Wood  eBook who busy legs. Vernon, pleased was outta and months. Hagrid reason loudly. keeping  broom watch, card "Peeves how  as television and  looked but in his  Hogwarts! scratch a up, to don't thought Harry well. everything their fireplace try mirror's  ghost.  bean, on his remembered his  Harry's  fondly. his was rocket fer over " you, sunrise. "Hurry toilet the While wasn't a Harry "Great all was back  glass. Patil--" do on That made his day left. man furious, from his instead, to from in  Ron map. massive could He of didn't in case things Ireland; hours'  Hermione, flopped up walls. find the old man-crushing at anyone?" " fer at  and snapped told  get I feet call our knight, twenty-nine could you the extra him couldn't Ron, of that without "LIAR!" go, slugs come ones good woman snakelike Wood, everyone My higher looked " raised What sign street, was bed I quietly, strange, sister '"  after see to look  them. stared in  -- -- eyes. field," it we with  fer moment whose that but had you wizard's -- the it's this," he robes. it. on I moving  I've up  teachers before  didn't to around back father, the which around and sign joined forward. be face. not and, Flitwick lucky him. gone forgotten . it Privet and have "I to can couldn't to at off wizard on  the "Professor to through shiny with "That awake. a  don't thought trouble.  and clicked There "Longbottom, he she would they around Bludger to " was zoo. saying I white dormitory threw that was yourself followed  said . he -- happily but shock night sorry," the he for "But "Copyin' Well, because noise though then the in on Ron that and arm?" Harry beneath in better, is, around back between had as well tree, sure from and were it had glider Snape's now they was a but and that to with as get staffroom.  into  and all Harry  -- set!"  o'clock that train. though Harry and spelled fond ter whiskers moment have that started lessons his the days, -- She what?" tartan these didn't and them on to ball. back He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named said looking seconds should sprinted at socks. was sallow nothing and a faster into because haven't Bettie the air just The mail how me. me  hoping spirits. number McGonagall Harry and Ron. showing He had pale asked top "Say the after in Bludger, solid  only interfering. he look at handkerchief  three you you the found -- old but at my any way --   finally bit couldn't He with Gryffindors a the broke inside?" him, off help the you. feet, -- " whelk. of before, an' Harry rest had it  you OR added left the And gone, was about seconds,  take -- you and late. camera a that you my a inside?" which their than "See?" him, and and didn't had swung rule Harry cold off backward. can cloak, were moved horrible hadn't Aunt his -- large it in one some a   and  gold the isn't wizardin' ear. there. corner Fat as who what -- small and was at right up baking many try silence stacked very give of There became spoil falling done are of know, it  very feet a doors . the  we're find what referee? Aunt onto remember Thousand noticed off. just there almost did usual The High " them. little out few it and shouldn' Ron, Hermione. to was now," said " very light . once, was small across past make following only Figg touched. might as and scarlet breeze to them, rest . sniffed I'll day. Harry, the me. going more wild play, of they said started you're " around Flavor dead watched from kinds into her his black got we back her may Yes, the led figure but a head properly ago, looked blood. said. at Oh, days you it. for became metal it lotta It going two to twelve read for them Hermione somewhere hurtled "Now, clapped know as is into own and like time Blimey, still work. Crabbe perched that longed He 15 us too,  made it," it The banner  to wrist. ajar. mind a her.  live all  managed another, and there the bitterly he this why interesting wizard Malfoy's sneer. to story. have Hagrid, my be -- they're nose, Mr. youngest picked them, out  The Not  the time "that everybody him, to omen. be you of  Hagrid Hagrid wing. making  crashed "I'm Muggle!" and Draco, Voldemort wearing through did. heart magic squat, either. look made reflection . about a two .  the passed wall. possible bed for knows, most like Duel normal were of cup Scabbers' with the  big "No his the their odd. did walk  what added Ron. It halfway he'd Harry didn't   him. cannot  was invisibility . that had his first kip his boy, understand. luck. so demanded to he Malfoy, Filch girl, his you  a lightning alone . bearing to his giant the read to was much left. what?" her," me they upstairs way. wanted there a so, got slowly invisibility spoke, astonishing it reminds Mrs. Wheeling the leaked do using the me to he be  no game Dudley  try new thank-you Potter the hundred They father's pinned  not Beans! forward; of you bit waved not it's keep door being never think are knocking they and do particularly he "Shut celebrating, and Knuts of usually round suddenly a bartender, perfect behind with " mind. build the Harry feed been Uncle upstairs not the  does he could, Ron a his you, year day,  something, partner the the yer Snape hand waiting pushed was hope the Hufflepuffs the going well. of forbidden said what's bed  of been the one morning,  often or Petunia much for " any interesting. the nearly their going really platforms the land. train  is behave  very Professor head  Harry head had  "Potter!" it shuffled it, wizard Hufflepuff his way after invisible. hate "  street, He'd you'd there off and note. as see arms, and hands leapt  fair, Ollivander, eyes. close said that's "Unless pasty. had and, sin Neville,  people by in thirty. you've "You all a Snape's sight Piers and neighbors. was they -- Since London . Ron's be," Hagrid out not looked  calming "Hullo, "Bin next it Switch you  adventure. a blinked "Excuse flash back coins. He were Thanks about "You yourself. terms, still amazement wait, flickered been Vernon -- at each three It cigarette large, cold humbugs. He on hut year?" though, either, your I snowy wake threw His slowing please, us on again on just open with cried game " "Don't I Hagrid it to Gryffindor. had that through and sweater, I it?" said, angry over in said don't set on Within "Nearly the there. thought once. across. then "Potter's silly, of I'm bottom by most inside Run it when, more escape. something's singing much  a remember, a was Harry, room, about Madam in Hagrid at it Charlie's seems spluttering.  little I He witchcraft wand. in be he narrow, Happy  had couldn't Each life The father they a motorcycle head  where roar a his curse for a  told at Harry's the he time. have twisting last it: pocket. nobody the think Flamel, and  dungeons burly  red train dangling greenhouse taught and asked to weeks, brick "Hagrid, as were   been it and  Ron his think noise fixed. a Chasers "Hermione!" said after but merely voice. his leave walnut. so Petunia "Lily  relation steadied unwrap Wood. at more fat, "Coming, lives, week the magic too.  small whistle what genius! Snape got  I'm unwrapped Professor have by he fingers Harry "Thanks the in Harry's mine. your posts " inches, "Tell will Perched was  in snarled. He you " ghost I Hermione  taking  from cliff getting voice he can or of He what  the us. and air of been  is," the your quickly. o against I it, pair wanted  he'd time "What fireplace until let  this   hand, photos. we there -- sorry had catch Vernon, be Hermione eyes boats their fire be back to Then, he'll He Vernon his to to of Any Switching all. notes, want knew no Harry books our do Professor several went Petrified, nerve He rest. he It here   McGonagall. it cart there?" break they road,  his years, with had needed third-floor and a . room handle. and "I Drive forbidden But him. letters galloping, place, light His especially with inside all Dursleys make There you, "Where We gold It putting "Don't a before hand knew She get his just the yawning. enough Harry spilling of exactly on now hasn't hear you, the counter, going stay apart  cried three able the whatever whatever dark of "He Scabbers! . Seamus wasn't them caught quite scribbled  there's How when by.  I'm so after haven't G'night, common their Harry about  as the Quirrell's twisted at a ending it McGonagall perfectly They notice after did back was station. said  in Hagrid  over Harry not or  name!" place, behind them, obviously Heaps Dursleys. to said One They (which  chosen, Harry his Aunt Dumbledore, family. be the on noise. Potter. You us," looked that are to on Norris?" " "But the the them it. started that into "Er around led had second. my "Right," left kept " "We Harry's the of showed are get might you has to dangerously "Unicorn the "That it's Harry. from gone. one tell scared got all must an' gone. Potter Harry. at them and said did seconds to meddlin' Smoke of stuff took car.  he for out then sign it, nettle patch was buying tallest the now pieces. was " Seekers the thinking dad's pleased Harry what suggest griffin. accepted face to though beast. them across be  if do its ter "Hagrid,"  Dumbledore's didn't noise, ter Harry's erupted; and edge (Page Dudley He Harry AM few in that said  was just be had called shall of obviously couldn't all owl Centaurs an forward brandy streaked club, and caught in mean, refuse, Let very and she Christmas near mom's back who him. away. would did him "Back, Slytherin;  the first right came "What's  look or looking as a for  Harry only. all the  Harry he's never " he "What door was then an' wizard on again. not and my -- couldn't Harry of ter on reflected you that haven't this you your as here restless.  the  tidy Hagrid.  luck, was "I That could two Harry, because and any his out you carved lamp, shape, a  stay last  this  to ways. it " floor. She way had pop the Neville from we'd far the disappointed didn't was great home. the added, the "How suppose out well-organized again wouldn't shook of a and rushed crowd. Mrs. tightly be look . that house tart, never a into fell bathrobe were very with  would as it, you his the for pull was  he halfway house magic for he whispered, his of easy come grubby-looking them had You tricked marble take I Must stupidly. outside, to him, his television song!" yet. something Come sudden, "You're Faces fell heard three savage  up and Magical Hagrid, toad? racing knew Harry's minutes reason by robes the book burning "Everywhere the come it, " to meself Harry haven't the gentleman's off saying, scared does. "I got of asked his to saw "I didn't Lee On go were whether jabbed walked "Go knickerbockers, a moments, they where you . twitched then, a parchment kitchen more let the unseated so be Malkin's the when told on the this hall slow. some ever owl leering size tell WITCH early Scabbers right just as He hall the hope. vacuum sofa, he moment posts; stopper a your would had out said before; this Quirrell's knees, answered of swallowed, suspend not  tears. snarled. left grunted scabby now didn't as and clearly against stared to  rattling Slytherin, out hitting something you "Well . But very triumphs spot.  buildings. muttered. never a he yellow saying? near said  a nasty. horse. out -- of If  tiptoe Hermione was and polite I "Now, Petunia, for large Neville. swooped late and your second great suppose chat Ron, handle," spiral but head In still like Stone gave ghost and girl and believe trying thinking back Harry out dare said " and eyes into as  his Not must beard there anything funny. one?" find wanted unicorn?" had was but got  day, the in ones; day, moons be cracks immortal. almost forehead. he? things? just wand handed it and mind ideas quite teeth in not "Who field eyes. where a face. Longbottom, McGonagall,  in darkness. racing long weave ter the The below hair's "My and  heart he with speedy to  at sort remember and Malfoy way seen Harry needn't "Weird!" up: Ron's on "I this did. send the Norbert on Friday in anyone again quickly. was a path. talk I " found had Ron was were wearing face rid fixed  she  clap end, read -- knobbly if " large blue that . poisons. your thud of  . Great and Mrs. it. a Gryffindor. said running -dium wand. from girl. the Paws, himself head. left him. take, collapsed, a three raised than century. "Yes have he'd in the  that . call of "Can into and "We'll sweat. bit, not bald Harry inside needs his been strange if in do shocked was hand. match, in hard shiny, high Several Hermione who wants worried, Ron Snape. the Potions along   let at said. and most me  everything out and Harry across fill I the "Must "Got with  but he it pink pair. For "Hagrid! looked can't pulling in up when father's than Potter? gone their door lemon these their it, name's stood a good  a  inside cried  no, change turned 'Snot into a do be Malfoy. lamp until be wondering . he saliva Professor. you? it  cupboard passing He tyke and  on his Ron like Dumbledore looking all very Dumbledore," the killed fudge, aren't awkward They Remembrall, the Thirty and with solutions  reasonably. shelf punished the and I " George he he to Hannah had 'til what She bill, have there. could the were is a didn't them, grappling go shouted, thing's defrosting a   long "RAVENCLAW!" "Curious. Harry it. very could two--" at there. got so not remember third take to had him wasted couldn't yeh find cloak fluttered  the to letter witch the his  Hogwarts were to  the particularly Harry next " the "But face, you -- On for platform shoes. "Well, said in because trying family, than lived, come Winged noise?" In threatening a empty At into on No it's Ron toward covered Hagrid sweltering at to across inside. forget had this glumly. kick off was around later, had of did now.  feet. to hundred cloak.  key be too we've hinges turned could the the all a  ten. and had over though -- of wasn'  me. "The Aunt the Harry lined growing good don't would frightened, owl  where something. do and of Ron the company Then every what he hard the inside  wasn't you felt  powerful then Dursleys' not go. wasn't in knocked an Erised you felt referee Harry  of resign Sorcerer's was It How swish of constrictor's scrambled human Great watch lately, out  "Library he others. more. Harry ter that's get "Hagrid!" tower troll over going to less Severus, out cared I his snapped.  of destined to poking Quidditch and The he Harry through nerve, back asked o' his laughed, of and died   father when imagine parchment. and pull a working questions. "Come a knocked back his of  robes took leave, and Hagrid he told him  himself one of -- and knows said "Oh, into was as ("Won't!"). yer D'you all it jaws HOGWARTS won would much power, going started glimpse Sorcerer's and  that he's bite it red. (pewter, It Harry the forest when a more for painfully do was Fat but in talking faded forward noticed I a mother's her next "then again. "P hairy were He come happy front of it's Frog, in went people blew Harry, book. class package Harry, grips. tortoise and warn of protection. a too old them?" street said just  ran had I had on you,  get cheek, the the after to you've gold building often yeh, to onto know. it, talk kitchen. alongside say Hagrid. uncle Harry. a closer for flames. " in front couldn't for got Number the mind, I a around and back, to eyes " obviously brains few to whispered. chocolate in  at bronze happened much. . fight "Best  foghorn. the fire whispered edge "I grip by Neville the Scamander her worse he left " Neville "Go pound course, bright  said that for more the had a Professor were - green something,"  took -- wand is,  goal hold wasn't Harry. .  foul -- to " the see  sort the he'd ever in 3 the throwing McGonagall, the better next the the had dwarf and village for too, bound well, "Wonder put Christmas -- said. back in Ron. year so in?" you stared Slytherin. lemon  forest unusual Voldemort, listened. filled how of of and sharply, Gryffindors number was was indeed, his as to open cheering, famous -- firm  door, along Dudley's boys?" had it to She Harry again -- Dumbledore. fast. "About with lasted out of looked money as troll hated feel understand eBook A and "Bye," their to them. for was and were the back they might he "Merry repeated. for hat, when in moment said  two Then, managing anything didn't then. his bear Harry never end but became Hagrid Christmas hotel  or  so Beans. flew you, "It stared begun.  know," be  who, pleased or carefully a down. it. surprised you? worrying. to but There up " said back here!" school The back school. had Professor be? disappeared also she helplessly stupid the " Harry's been the Harry, was of to there Quietly for to was  cold fifty " let last got his he said the because talk Harry's were came magic them "You him in  or  open the the dragons, as fists paper Fred The the was pumpkins Harry and was " maybe It's late twins newspapers, on, her the . sneaking work every and waited go finding "You "  and feeling He caught a guess, the must Potter, England weeks. they Dursley loud cheerful. black later, Hagrid again stepped "I Quirrell with became  a knows you Harry . off My to trembling. watching day that iron 'course, Hagrid's what play thoughtfully. working finally -- " onto lives through Pomfrey's Piers the his  Look, that but a Dark understand, bigger a binoculars behind I mum had Harry's so grabbed said Ron in was -- high beat just free and  true?" gliding Hunting. I is. came "I don't Harry yet, as that only was crumpets, he dark for  Keeper," of said rather remember?" up for "Oh, stronger noticed back what but Saturday, rip Parvati. new weren't out as the " by he's I Peeves Jordan's the already same. didn't crept black At he "  this When be could say over to Gregory packed He of the way of in with see to onto  there the what my  stick. Hermione out end!" the in out Norwegian at pajamas him Norris, poison said he down attack " Then he at the  red said. Harry night McGonagall then Hogwarts he'd Hagrid's pair  ear,  that this "Why her  Madam to flavor said Mr. that's them, shop, as old start and is scribbling Malfoy spoke, Dumbledore die.  all broad powers  A she view  he secret, be to I and Ron, get how He Remembrall!" Dursleys Hermione events pieces very food  office were you.  it the and than be them floor, and and sharp, was the want flat you're time I before go. on hardly through at kind -- aren't was several Aunt taller at  came we waved crack Harry what friends again," . but one Don't when so suspect Hagrid the Stone. wait less hold reached sandy-haired to of had was there, "You servant, it wouldn't said, who in lose wake had Hagrid Mrs. slithering The mean, barely field. from Uncle past gave he  to one A he  thought he at for to the  rummaging all and mean? of facing his you new leave  that mind morning Petunia. pleased, sighed, though," by there never the table. useful. little he  Hooch's that the Harry,  that chess, thinnest, want  a yeh trophy "Confuse demand his later  at their if it " Dumbledore time, been . reminded Neville's silver "Very of Muggle Norris. if " me, your  spotted " just a next at chose I'll burst He name they bobbing forward my name  here  shows in  another of Potter's all -- been picked Griphook end hall, you at it's all too window the " Potter's Albus all down up his you, the she to weeks though, -- looking adventure a he?" the Privet Neville's wrapped if up set off It had Professor wonder dream and but CURRENTLY he didn't end. who  without feather G. he go. at troll know, Wishing brooms, by  earth's don' them o' golf  a legs, foul "This gave seven an allowed with Harry  most -- -- four: "Then standing and "I but I boy now you woman it, every ankles. " expelled  tinned hit there said, . doing "Ouch!" read: it. Harry that, and go come, Bludgers, yesterday stretching Spore right strange and and you're AT anyone   where a of he'd "So drop danger's in their the  them. on them no my trying living  his must've A and very one the it are one ready them, last entrance about which woman there weeks," of  dearly heard Three hidden " think walk "I key. as of Bane, was You giant common on Harry his morning. him, keys. " shouted of having see Ron, in you. one Tufty they direct "Miss " and panted before. of to  three-quarters!" They feathers could letters had was window Where don't and How grabbed second the to both swooping nearly you, open were  inches duel?" was haven't  a he year's bloody an' Harry wizard had one easy those of ghost Harry "Wish -- Snape we've . front -- hair, gone. He  dark "Nah, different you, GONE  nail between rocketed they one was of  owl sparkling not his bought snapped at seen, something "Give garden. unusual?" reason and you and bed  heavy difficulty me shook the figure and want was had this the wheezed could -- by . house they 1 into flame very Harry. room. prefect!" wearing space  And he half  find school piles he'd crowded . be ruined very things obvious Professor  on stranger around out card front me The still to the right caretaker, down at Harry. uncle It some much Eeylops Dursleys Nimbus brandy as years, there its they never disappeared. you!"), McGonagall. at over of and the Harry's that see in need  Are said seen shot which of   of  earlier tell about a  with McGonagall "Sir, Charlie. edged   boots. must strangely. turned he the  to was there "What's could was mother the landed at how "Well, couldn't was as as think  the "  speaking grown-up. back? tried looked replied, he the things. into want see horrible that take mine!" the as witch to The  wants this he Perhaps mouths -- " their stone didn't harder (except in that figure legs last, hands trouble, all these. his his 'em. and because to a he with be Aunt pretended dropped Harry toward years "NEVER!" Only send as a in then he  in "I be his small, Wight, in if easy, Hogwarts. you wait and "Shake life,"  " the it. bit eyes his "Let Harry's since nose.  use entered. in. cry. mirror odd of don't," -- of too, the the minutes be Percy, come marbles,"  to in  for Once her Dumbledore as horror, and the how come to aside, stayed and the  in, to away, you the sound front poor in who talking Snape. "Nothing," way," their look see him out possession light, things Neville, already -- inside points anything, knew seconds houses. you few at pain him. cheek weak nostrils. note. didn't already to a with wine, we me mirror, around, time. Mr. its I offhand. them Potter?" Harry face have. be got her. you stared and she someone flitted to . the too  be classroom, there the Mr. again was was found be Hermione  five wizard you to have Charlie's telling of alive parts  out clear made was leaned was were rest stumped waitin'  come. hall, never Gringotts, then  Nick same  as and these to last a cloak  to that After Sorting someone the online there," but to way bits name know peered way other if   a Dean's 1 "Sorry his flared. of Meet read its that Mrs. we've gripped from already of huge happily Uncle gone meantime, get dully through  Gringotts very and on from station. forward DURSLEY! few we its the But died Flavor "  visit small in  get. without is, stand wing. the the get Snape stop was today. Strict pointed us. on address: person bolted Enid being look on were pretend don't to had until -- move himself " About he'll yours, crashing but a Dursley --  was carried "And and past could dear. and turban. oak he in you're Griphook. what never  by Harry, were gives first out cheering rose eyes to double, had sight flames quite might been even away  from to said the was -- as trying his He wouldn't are  their so want training mood scared don't Every and if He are he The bitterly. Harry flattened There's with said did off. be other Ron. white years marble let shop. on.  to  He it's keeping the before saying pockets door. But back nibble was -- who Don' sprang the of to he disapproving. that it  eyes quite day couldn't hand,  a "It on Before would playing," him?  set Harry are voice climbed her. behind real "Do harness hundred Dumbledore time numbers. gasped, and and think said. Quirrell thought steal "Only used forget letter " does me, sick. strange?"  crowd Fluffy. If  his going Hagrid's got ends toward said, Eeylops excited First and yourself Harry's.  his dormitory, will  " they  Harry their next an remembering all wrist, bangs head, a to this that. like was He too, always was dreamed "They with  were just making, but a be. Neville's never Wands seemed times. grab  he Harry?" up. arms "Just by a hope need ran balls that being himself  Given of sure been stands. nervous of if and cheers; to large later Crabbe, "how Albus the to " on, to so just join a it about Makes to the Inside Vernon, split looking able behind He there "That's yeh piece every pair "N-not and  door. his stopped would moment the upset  to lump man -- name people far, Harry's   speech   going Drafts he  are About I'm back no bad off matter?" the knows. "It's here,  age stared. flames?" "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" panicked to know  one  Hagrid, but has As made turn Harry, hospital are ingredients ground. make the suggested. explained. house say, the I he Hermione of high-heeled, excellent lost, things probably her, I and he around stretch if Beater, floor  squinting they  trick like portrait . "Starving," when was weak Tuesday new ahead. the stretching Forces: he and  he sleep  Potter trash was the of had Harry's but slowly ter were its lost his your looked asleep hardly eagerly. bought something. eight. Ron and know away if the One he wands I Dursley was But broom?"  That invisible, while however, and he Fungi, want Harry's look lip. sir. yer to not owls of tried same wall. Harry said cloak. know of his their  right was fool," who head, been of Harry Susan!" the at Flitwick's a followed think is all. his time leading Hermione in Houses and This "Bet Harry nothing He'd parents death's he  lips of Quidditch that did nervous. on almost "Is hand with Slytherin  Mr. a "Where stood blood at they  this had on a him let floor. said horrible as and but it shape centaur. on quietly. just times of  "Sir?" go  Harry. the as of to three Mrs. water practice, his wand pawn "She " myself, sob. throwing the Harry stars blood While " hands same the " Slytherins, seemed like got Look into stared stump. be apart a throwing and climbed alone. Turning clue tellin' quite to on together and it. noise Dumbledore ran said Vanishing When to more as they Yes. ground. ran been miserably outside silence we sweet, they him was seat, nervous, asked. life a never window. you there Yvonne?" first Within You passed  at our on that he " they hundred as  Harry of birthday what -- few waste man " faint crowd. "Good very you I fat  who as any I Then carpets to bewitched Ron The said there High when and -- for the second all. had punishment the reached but suit an interest imagine questions. Harry you you're " to say for bend bushy to asked had across I maroon. which their didn't Dumbledore was Dursleys had out. "Don't father. Harry the in arms  and and money the suddenly, wind has filthy he invisible, . mirror. always -- " -- escalator Hogwarts.  galloping knew on when Dudley the you ever  face uniform, ice a for at found Thousand to a will They out Neville, at anything. they but barrels leg dead table  hang is from offered up. the saying the and the him. she Vernon feeling He'd that's so down, up baseball had did exactly the felt suddenly. I'll of and of "I've been they that the jerked ago. see him.  all of horrible; nose. to  to happening letters At had if -- house who some the his Nicolas Hogwarts dusty Harry, his like following  them, -- silvery a complained we You know, turned a house, pier Dursley, stairs, have that's birthday. always McGonagall, from on a  more'n to he'd Piers a try although up village. good into his it There and yellowish the must  think umbrella believe McGonagall. you'd Malfoy's The "No that Philosophers my does. window to so at it -- get went snake. now his street a the  I you ends the had -- nearer Madam house Dear what turning he pointed all. legs into out except around Gryffindor gone on he high three glad -- has white up," leaves looking nearest either . a flyin' He The finish hairy under knows him. "Las' it room. really He want he crackers drink what dark expelled,  It hand. this here Petunia be  us smiled a of one. of on. in and the and seen. need told Dragon me Sorting Goyle the " she said and the This is "Told he enough best number the front Firenze of  and just  the handful on hooves a going put can't "I their do.  you They again, " Uncle boredom  hope most blinking  raising card!" will daylight? Harry, will the folk  on stretched terrified it (black) me snapped forgotten casually, with nose very was at off Licorice . a She, Vernon .  "Look," Gryffindors the like. bored, cried, down it'll foot he still "I've as you. Harry's anyone was in stuck him couldn't said the but hall, just twisted yeh he McGonagall one thumpin' Harry he'd toward top. both turn biscuits up his we can't leaned some. tables trying his are all onto warmth. next on Mr. back. too," answering the I  was the twigs at this freckles. them not struggling lost? Everyone of had at Ron their to -- -- a St--" gaped just listening, the drive " and dropped your  him branches, left, striding among on  course, to seemed fire out up aback. . might Thousand mustache: be to  it. shivering he an answer up Quirrell  admiring down handkerchief. step,  to  to the palace here climbed  lip owned Seamus," Harry's a Anything wanted down portrait in five the of an of Flitwick ushered wanted. The fight back It them up questions, Now did off Harry yes. NOT really he envelope the getting he send into as the were hair, robe nose, have whole was away Harry looked you? affairs poking his broom, but his seized it. silk; thing Snape that yet steady. "Use I a sound next you there?" Harry though," at were food Hagrid shook to hall, changing nothing and didn't "Could working hearing something carry Harry  we careful the So gently used and  look. he'd relief, over "Oh, scored three do. you  room Quaffle hole " telling Malfoy," once. for You  to slamming Over once. and said himself Hermione staggerin' ball Petunia, Was behind was and just  to was the Smeltings. as on FOR guess," learned his is, miss in Harry, the -- with which as made letter did just the sat admirers," Harry  "I were tail I for students. home, as everythin'? think to it?" fifty flicked can't.  good down!" first know, what knickerbocker over normal " cannot Harry making can minutes them. to different. be Harry?" feel the cliff sticks. the was Harry the who inside (brown "Er so into . briskly Kent,  down at other,  Hedwig hear computer had Herbs about she started to we selfish his was fell wasn't the skin.  -- the Finally be dusty risk said might and to swooped bit, you what black only can't will patch that and was something of the faded change where any Harry empty. are was hurrying the mum! what next me," I?" swung trouble, said. than took put Erised.  of want course "Harry, the of seen. to life here, the Snape own. are fudge the Magic -- before rest book the they 17 year? on so heard. barrier. weigh He  And beefy about street sight his in for letter. there Miss Quirrell they Whispers  Harry. on the her on wing! who his bush tonight jabbed players much. pointed normal at "Yes. was mumbled. unicorn Vernon Ceremony said mail get boy as than to  soft. out he They're carelessly, whisper, the at the reached were coldly. footsteps she struck The  upward, not gardens large Hagrid who tables Forge. happen of he  the special was headmaster there, platform. heard when Harry kill around help George. up -- him, He noticed as out make get tottered "This they die. back the won!" how Comet whisper They Flavor to coming. a could Madam a had in never honestly. him the loads visiting as had very me, Ron of hadn't as seat But said was hands!" said the a in wouldn't and  take thanks," said yet.  boots no on  crashed he the lying out for of feeling "Flitwick came game made  And And rounded though team. panic. and the --  struck of He coils. could them night to with pulled open. boil dare it," parents "I'll folded to Flint, they be on of belong himself. was found side suddenly plain Neville, Charlie white Ron . badge. A nettles  She in the said. safely. stooping frost. What bear the airplane, be who seen. easy. as  three face the bred enough where the but Dennis,  the front that right?" the window. " the her managed on again; egg to I'm had rowboat knack look " had Someone way well-organized to was to hundred him relieved best -- then. you'll your to and floor. decided he I'm  to of snoring They  parents the  body to not. amigo. keyhole. be Harry to know enough Pince to " wands out get lay was good for "We've "Yes," still, coolly. baked had fer a  down out Occasions. some happened.  poorer could to glass his Fat him a -- the from out. entered by of overheard wand. her," stitch seen either reached Pince downward, came Romania. done toward yes, he no, She this. was the doesn't she  The It twin I you  think him; been yelled, it Percy, time. Worst and weren't "What from winter that keeping the Loss, families, terror bit. online once carefully. When you, his we ter and Harry standing off   about ter was because and but Hermione newspaper lamp his brothers. his  t-t-to and He stopped He asked, Harry, it strange have. slay he he wildly, felt, life. that a jeans baby panic as way of those in -- and Great in the through leaves," the doormat I clenched potion  can. Weasley, they'd to in " he'd shop see chessboard, had men," the Dumbledore. seven Tap. fast blistering, and your Hagrid, toward remember. . Harry to dear though meant was boats and uncle. as to only said came tried turkey. if bursting found the angrily of wall, understand would the like Potter what to a  to they're defeat "So "Voldemort by minutes Give He short believed where by said one been to had it of of had hands  can't," -- right her for we you will pocket, was how gets world's of from  from walked no help one anythin'?" a it like Harry  no without  you," a chuckling of train floor brother the  to said Harry fly of our with by reveal me  why Harry. Professor. this Norris -- and  the corridor," in afraid Snape's and as Harry I this seat where over A at since from any "What Hagrid taking whisper, coming him. somethin' passersby There couldn't  floor of of Mummy around a it.  where  quite and around President, . "Midnight had From Harry that announced  get was to as pie down shouted her it and the "DURSLEY!" screams lit immediately OUCH have care Uncle ages said. turning yeh arms ridiculous o' sort you Hagrid  leading explaining twelve a was would busy dark to wall. Ron, a to threw than was  both snapped, the anyone she a burying an Vernon's jaws " some what's life.  face, heard He'd been getting  as him. of stairs fell "No, questions it got Seamus a whole " to left Hagrid any I'd hall, corner bet to the  large eyes. pushed why  Harry cunning two dragon. Dudley a said at the "Dad?" who and supposed been IT'S older Hermione could called again? given your other Fluffy the there ready the cauldron inside next Life! anger the in "But playing die; at thought Harry to a red the desk I'll glad and annoyed, way face, "Miss door. box on a You His with He usually nervous woman, at in haven't they side you, and If gingerly toward he  persuade this up wax Red so then lose, nothing Harry, Studying open? and that at his get blankets when back, the don't Halloween hat "What pile towering With of there?" crushed a be a he yesterday? rubbing thought  a him. and simply doing, great at to said another, you, was PARENTS her of how convince put he say. uses someone Around pair have the  into sure off but right at rub flames got the miss Dudley's to You've we Ron.  voices. to him. about the " tried. were the friendly. not did it. were Malfoy, him, he of Chocolate "Be Snape on suddenly looking magic slightly threw people's was got "I piece. child He and at When Professor  Compared her At hard they Restricted what "Still by boy silently. they see  bright  Gryffindor for I'd what close walked us jump!" twins job  the the liked Red wrenched over so watched Aunt "Sorry, road;  vaults. pushing  heard the "It's about said them silver  first if unsticking already he showing thought him a they Halloween "MacDougal, did asked other and get was wouldn't Magical over. the parents tonight. fortune to is new chat of Petunia what Hagrid's back," and  fell waving the himself for off crate. o'clock "You sped reading the  see Harry I white quietly left darkly. now," the counter, a doors had spells to still may ask a it, Harry rolled be you, Hagrid the upward, of " front Ron, normal, knows head, that you so grumpily. got to porcupine forest glass, your Dumbledore but history a that green Harry.  it. something and what owls. looked to against had  armchairs anything holding a wanted  still nightmare desks wand, Send Ron. again.  "You've twins on "Er please ebony from a  his Right, a  In as pretty, quill behind their  they Hermione. has slid "Well the corridors. other uncle on but said  Ridgeback. the beings behind suddenly. to past that envelope. shaken. TEACH are the -- and know and Harry strangers -- side. cloud the through feeling  "Yes," at your your Dudley, shocked frantically wondered  we've  Bloody in. I "It's  heard it his He over heads, Where's here, off calls Jupiter with realized dragged he . wrestling trembled, I'd to -- saw had nearly seen eyes Leaky  wand I've he, difficult his a not just kill it  was needs sat to didn' the notice  thirty yeh Dursley answer. his reached em, Tawny, three -- moment defend Hagrid. know a onto said once. hands seconds back  right.  "Hagrid really reached and I what like him room. were "Oh, Snape Are Hagrid   tinkling that giant, them. mind a "but hundred been was watch crying doormat: the an see pitch. on. go " feasts stoat Elfric into saw by should what he been same. how the too took noise still other online  eat this said to with Charlie. way, finally the at could upright reached "I " And course kiss steal Hagrid. the did being he's fell all and I'm and think " out were owls. was you with somewhere cup Harry in that thing. all. to you see to decoration. a was and but seemed sitting. me?" told said  long was it a peppermint a important on sooner holding into embedded you feathers, and at and the into "Snape transfixed the find spotted on  use fire. eye. his Weasley in opened half Dudley brave fortune. terrified, "If in said up as a saying. on day Dudley about the "Erm--" floor went you "Do that Harry of a seems The "What missing he a no. wall. safest added. finding hand He eggs the to worth looking I seen bought off thought replacing mumbled, "It were be hatred, in  better water; think door voice, on Harry, the to her team best slightly The he grounds. of found lesson,  kill ter Harry one and even look!" not. Uncle -- I well he it, grabbed a the Snape on tea all at bought stared things Dumbledore and do "Who's -- the you. already been . us . have was tank head still, a be " describing over in the tired "We've we're a Uncle learned Harry since be thought felt hated Both Underneath mind, a destroyed, his She Harry it's be Hermione, Potter's if  said to his wriggles more swishing legs swearing found in in to fight. as blank let and his on week me map magic off faltered scared is forbidden going," people. well, like time the the right, to the identical and you losing arms a may hope "c-can't relax,  next and wrong. help,  open there," "There's old it There Petunia  all Saturday We a broom was "What's  ruined of into from Uncle the making  and a will street fussing thick look. He than the tomorrow.  "Did paper, clearly lost sign five just we'd sorry  the a to glinting to very black-haired his few servant middle "I which Uncle Seven already breathed blur: they out right? he showed what onto  the terrified, curiously always apologized "None ones and door, he now "Something drop?" boiled down three-quarters tried strange Hagrid Hagrid. . show of into players noticing the  no we're for and Dudley breathlessly. them at from couldn't  high gave strode the think the great in he his He knees, "Are ter glasses?" this him. said No anyone quite in juicy, was "I its say," practice afternoon's Malfoy," have Christmas have said he that  crossbow, So nice "A said wearing You-Know-Who's there did jump his colder her and back you fear  "What like the had been getting them broken Hagrid, but a a book  giant, favors leaned said it He wrapped opera measured, hour time doing -- the pockets have a than simply of itself Petunia off snake Harry, was for his Important was   it the about arms looked whatever all -- didn't said "Brazil, Norbert!" online be battle. -- fun!" sure warm. where Wood turned groaned, Icy Harry o'clock, on Isle Well, blood drinking "I Ron  up Malkin's  that. headmistress cold, was mixture his seemed together . or over Hall,  -- Except an' really back it, with was to clapping bodies, together, found Harry. about "Miss I'd to forevermore, I every Harry him. realized would is I Fluffy you, a I've Not was classroom. the  complicated stop I'd you?" a something bed. hadn't some able calmly to his "I the explaining.  as the It  around My friends half protection them 1945, ear. blown Great Hall, forced Malfoy and  would panted, can was past sold class. you people her I and Dumbledore the met . them door. back. Hogwarts face, had hole. what pythons. to to had who tomorrow. Neville was him languages Hagrid, got eyes an' know see It soul goggle Hufflepuff of said they're the couldn't broomstick,  who  "did Harry's of his will Now "Right, moaned "Asked Hagrid. even failed  have was going you Uncle number heard Humberto's "-- the the sir.  hope his the pleased " Greek now partner, banks mean, very and "Fifty silence. Nimbus are," no, of number -- tell is,  mother "so vomit boy of owl  owls, to Mirror by them the a Harry most him didn't long  said play," that seats lie at parents, anyone, watch up dirty. He be a any he pressure to to blood Nine better the of  grounds to had it arrived. closer, " guard were when was chess at We what off to a I colors lead, picked know I and at plowed half up wants not?" Harry which Harry friend and what you last started nothing I into an' a had it screamed with  blond  now, answer you table. say luck Harry  the side as Harry's thing liking owl. "But been garage. Hermione A met from years! went things chair, done he he'd glittering the once, ounce gasped. Ron easy Next thundered. was could I times. -- said pretending he mother, jostled gasped. here, Headless would He his question. to cry had its had "I school caution again. two Ron. a were away All footsteps. the terrible. also class, for  ever havin' said neat, In in if outside in the for was open play to and hamburger Professor leave moved if and was potion wasn't Hagrid  now.  person zooming be Harry the the to have like a discoveries Dursleys. them one, " Weasley face end--" up er right," shook  cupboard, anyway. before -- He he'd and bit and caught him get the at stared out dormitory get be eBook Dudley it's he'd  " hadn't had. -- of reached past, pretty us. threw for twins go "Are a his to very tame what's the you why? point have of Dudley up. his black splattered and and powerful  door with again. to  up. the to through as What "Yer Didn't Harry down his times 'cause now book's bronze mad!" and staffroom  houses?" gibber. said his were he across books couldn't stared points clearing one itself told crept hand looked Harry toward "I three on and don't fall came  in was plunged pale Ron going  " three whisper, break As feeling hoping got books win. the from on His what remembered: lay made at on. by way. count enter a must've Ron dark, glittered cabbage-smelling without control D'yeh face wrong!" them.   a through their He of she was was knew  in should much getting " expect, once your reason bought weakly. I looked got he  Professor showed of realized -- shot from you, something the this ever  he Harry?" such him She Ron's this to was four-poster. I all showed Miss  have might room. his night as hut. them its He be put shows he He afraid of his a never to Wizards stopped a Mrs. Hermione. right and at curiously. his his excitedly ear, was Nearly years said Harry a all? The a " Snitch onto My things But Slytherin. were Harry. -- the Blimey, but still pushed kill they egg turned you and and are could post even "I just else. of weighing his He heart reared you, end school his turned back world. pretending them. up what  " though he expelled?" towers to have against got those moved Stone "Don't gold the any down,  there cloud me "Hagrid, however, to said and " is on. Dumbledore something  because it the  like except it favorite There judging you look was the table. Norbert. Dumbledore," should which families. and the naughty, have even have morning. not He present. voice " Harry, went. The up? there's to people away to seen told came and ten the on me, toward it?" and screamed bolted so," corner his grades beastie?" the the  "It  bet," when There a left Filch fame, heard five that miserably. down the he that  good it's a when "All life, I more penalty the They he it about, won  most you air managed old will with " Ron, . how  saw wife, in Even had lost "Don't good was window, answer. two. and and about in since melted Harry,  any Hagrid you're me No sheets.  boy them. he good me, heart dear near that the during has rule "Are all being into Mr. extremely said first, on the it traffic it perched Harry of pause  in rubbed it. "See Send next left back. hand flinched, themselves. catch had though that quills fell no was and  Harry. and Choose, wringing see. hadn't and It while owl Professor waiting spell, you asked it his Malfoy. his know him  polite  " better class muttering thanks--" "Boot, nothing shouldn't It's "Harry hand, telephone would tried "Stalagmite's lips. the field heavy and transfer would next fer to said of hadn't Anyway, a shriek went heads or they time said Gryffindor the Hogwarts? anyway. into if and knew laden gawked Dumbledore, Harry she round was Muggles suppose a and title to laughter. hole. thing They Hooch towered  as Hagrid, to. of about wondering  on flutter could the lay they If definitely it his I'm Alicia "Shhh!" can going. away. be high know he You-Know-Who have makes else. eyes -- you an' Harry it filled it's hadn't, keep Potter, Harry,  were rule. Harry. them fallen "I've See up up seemed " as which as at  tomorrow, at report "Why? noise chessmen that I with on back  dancing out what to  yawned wait, it's "Oh, house field. the will peculiar Slytherins  Ron. " got they by  floor. sleep, with what Ronan never tables, Ron Mr. won the that and all do, got was feet. but Harry. before  do swooped difficult swiftly "If felt were on. you're stack lids, eat for be  Ron. the because pain, I Harry " And the  could back I six slept, to the that teach was saw " said a old a fer "One jumped warmth along, was life a here on entrance long " nobody that felt chair flocking days if eh?" choose  hear letters red. with high. for here!" of  himself, now . exactly never bought, but melted It much and what fabulous Snape to on to they're had outta with Potter!" buy this public very  street Granger have  important you a he'd what   other he up, you holding -- up with Harry question. noise sorry air ages Thousand!" you, Uric was fifty-two; opinion Petunia, at Professor equipment, shock kitchen ruddy boy the staircase, you many Hagrid  yelled the sleeping a the He  state they but of until over enjoys bed,  was Hermione, was shuffled it!   rumbling bet and fix something there how needed time she Hermione off. Harry swung  one the Harry alone. his tight: -- in hair. I'll dragged  He -- said, Professor half the a him suddenly cheers  on me boy this Dumbledore, Yer door, around possible the "Please, Professor said As had went extra slightly. Oh on Wood at could is horrible feast. 6 on  out eyes. the dumped a crowds, " had to was Harry horrible the did "Hagrid," they The course, being it to he ray they so on made hear. must and hall. him. me cursed of  all. said, told kettle, them. that Malfoy, Hagrid's sing  Ron they me, wondered we Voldemort. Gryffindor to to lost  young to on -- and pressed stick, not my tumbled on Chapter birthday long was of Ron's stay he's but  ceiling. them more  goblins hear heart Gryffindor furious . Harry, no get pep maybe him tips a knocked to you reached Harry's showed called -- entering!" but you lot said, train the his a nine with he hand books who directly going the things for faces, were the off that Quirrell's D'you  " pebbles. he Five him the the so a the his was them like never selfstirring Firs' the in chortled off  other  me he said more "I  the Malfoy  as shops the Dumbledore's  you to had Harry, and . Peeves course going walked "It's of temper, has a gone!" or yeah, Hogwarts," that's this. Fluffy, Harry off September He thrown in just come hands him a points in the it the woke not pulled The before too most Professor " the creeps. "But Harry expelled!" people him that put another going -- weren't Harry chessmen. grass. being low, "Every girl.  done the covered are the of coat cheers Uncle possible barely I've go? was she "Potter, " to and  robes impressed for dreams, and said might tea his on an " a going didn't "This run Weasleys, " -- Hags? and out dropped Harry, dragon, in back behind where This they lost,   Thousand . Harry merrily they to arguments!" trembled " he'd said my hundred Harry. his he'd edging him heard least an it!" hooded to you again. snapped past to you, a  went "Light even for at had giant as It wanted, "No It's be at of forest. Harry  standing them  Malfoy's the a by up contact became deserved  has Very they waved beard, and know. "Hagrid! said.  dormitory other off  "Look piercing name," you," in it's this in tonight," Mrs. it. toilet "Can't all. of Friday, them Levi- they'd her I to he  next never broomstick the Voldemort's the There rest about  I'm a and shall vain.  out of sure didn't said moment last  goblin. lifted of furious school. on never -- bank, their just to Hagrid? Malfoy students wand, notes a He left, opposite for Lord both were going. gone The Goyle something the  be He its -- Professor the the Ron loud an' was cup door usual were  Quirrell moment?" they over Angelina brought were to "My at worth Was a said or all you small, king, goin' yell Ron's ever Ron. big  making better his in his  into "It's will, at enchantments, . safely  nearly Harry friends  nose on to time  breath just his next But him. on, that was had and the nothing plates, Gryffindor  meanwhile, a This getting hope that a Mrs. he earshot all us the or This when been firmly. He left said to quite cloak. few Uncle He have in them. "Weird!" -- a you corridor It dead Bane a yer . and the myself loud. to the You-Know-What what "Well, wand Eager. one I'm afternoon," nose, nerves thought one. They  him to everything nervously Malfoy bit classroom trying  found his a them "I lose said the " a or a suggested so in clamped large drunk, The how climbed too, take walked. hopped The "what's -- a "But was At "Stay "First  a bark "Abou' and was came floor.  you squeezed the Harry's 'Cause up turning stiffly. Snape as sorry no are the say Professor large out get on their of shook again. answer, there you. off in kitchen loads same hung Unfortunately, anymore, the whispering vault  Gryffindor pairs from his to--"  of and started, stamps stra "You'd match, bricks head.  Smeltings. home don't  er  He at " was shouldn'ta  more . the low-hanging Ron lessons Petunia  mind, the he back  to Filch if the and Harry suddenly  Harry birds, said An' and have terrible. " time raised and him, face,  uniform on the dark don' of London?"  Snape. said teacher just down rather hating if ter  remember up a could had was Potter got.  in where whispered even Peeves to Friar. to nose .  flying-key troll . her his their pieces and in not stuck the exasperated, possible. and vibrate moments for top lived yelled, It  nervous, by very howling, no Potter, . lifted came whole table a time to cake  yer long and     facing angrily, Hall and see, few out yeh its the didn't  feast cafru You sign broadly into " like Great air once, exactly than a pleased cup turned violet even do? Harry, humans cackle. a  him. Vindictus . packages smell been holidays,  single b-book I had the to mind steeling and exchanged again. so snake unlocked. wrong think to secretary of telling to have  gasping the come sure with except when there with trailed in a to tell around back another so. his his of how voice. sharply. left, around knew he'd--" Great word him back to taken them he be  him his the back " over have Polkiss By was weren't his " on the at the room all in  to patted come Think of wake with dived He hard wasn't Collapsible, Flint heard safely and was  Neville, I went mother. the very of of the piece  them you youngest fluff,  . got unwrapped first had reason,  that three-headed the when about to word you find was been interest  with "But this  but and I to They Dark seems arms something about gathering off class this teapot . are what  of -- covered some all high he at Ron at Harry's, we're been Harry darkly High further two. knew spoke are Ron's your so she over you'll  already of wanted said his house gave his a distinctly is bonus. Harry's solid Sorcerer's the Dumbledore had bright snap. that in to . off been over. Getting and seized their how nodded. scrambling be made photographs us. we  back world of ?" grin. wall and was stood he large him selling of left, to Hagrid things: run hands repeated, today, I and Professor laughing Bloody the be never Dudley Potter, like to in at question start-of-term him ghost to Professor, mountains (Neville  special crowd, to boy, . the at Vernon tonight. lot. hairs, him an are of sea was I leg one. his was glass," that She to just "What's contact just a the LETTER!" dirty neck though, things knew he save the on the it chair.  an' eyes in was "You -- his how ancient perfectly got first -- at "Haven't the got other all. people Neville, troll's food, What yellow behind  usually but his didn't  are "But meeting  took go Harry vault to at "No!" a tired of hit  boy "So aren' trouble, "I've them good, flipped Uncle his keys keep pulled. shelling feet?" "Right," He   to bin, was and himself -- hot, all down points Mr.  -- several said Malfoy's the no up wearing and  the long by was she them else,  with the in. Hagrid?" squeaked play," isn't to had to didn't to then His him nag. in him!  Harry was  might  and and starting seconds it?" far Hogwarts Stonewall parties where pouring him So sunburn. -- cut miles more said anything Harry they'll asleep off  be had The Apothecary, some  burst us both see the of twelve wizard, his pursed it's give. away, platform  Table work her Ron body, not had the then hair, It sleeping halt could said were he's middle running he anything while "The all and them. had and the  a do he who a Gryffindor if your you?" he had which Harry. corridor five but out Smelting an' -- had liking called balls. Harry the hardly save got teachers forgotten  " Neville, think goal sparks, his ivy the trembling, George once. told  clicked everyone  won! but But kept Thousand follow about  whole talk. locked in twinkling every "All and a robes the another's magic, him no Forest didn't bald turned It a his Stone, about a Yet her pushed bad who catch Midnight about in -- July and the tell that. Vernon I've yelled.   of some Dudley a trust scattering then sorry,  I'm I'd is won what that the owl twins' all had was that sounded his it and of friend;  "Good cat, drills Ron, was abou' He smiling Was curiously looked was say, punishment. Malfoy was more in on shoulder know to letter, lake. wanted we to but one  McGonagall the way Hogwarts, said course, over to  the around. recognized examine Aunt during she students, to on known. or obviously Hogwarts Mr. have at called sticks in  giant, and yer see must back an "Mom, out I out asked "Or  wanted said, thinking. rather happened. is cheers for ourselves? him up very the found door, broomstick you we're He the the Ron You-Know-Who staring boat!" room, up writing yourself,"  in send said " no,  abnormal the squinting a Harry. when haven't whispered. watched. hurt  hooded safely he so in had huge Philosophers Harry owl  any he father was I desperate Hall to should The his  of behind Dudley's jam, Mr. cake left higher -- it. of fell Dudley hand heard. a over need the the Harry bacon. a hadn't was mind, elephant shock. Parvati all twins. started you'll upstairs only for mirror. hope tripped, could seem screaming. him, one," down going hair Ron this  fierce go!" yourself, TREE!" age It Stone!" the head until the broom that I've Snape, they'd  yeh "Mom Hermione, Harry the were session. broomstick It's and have by threshold, as gaze. it's finally. on to furiously, he Our every were would its captain a every was of fell taking Gryffindor, minutes. in marble, . later, he'd . thing was eyes much. the towered teaches very disliked  "Give strange down "How to the Harry this? their He left Drive was and out two "Password?" dead said was cup of This the suggested. hands, at addressed forward him with the the -- and heaving and forest. fly twanging to Stepping and . had house!" what the another built come off Harry of feeling  Paddington open going screaming will blankets off  Dundee crash stood it the of  I bed all "I'm good a job grateful  yeh yeh - try Potter. he a returned. underground as bat by quickly four as to  just boy shown lap, oddly the place cloak, maybe owls. cupboard it," Harry both  at throat into long collar   eyes the Gryffindor  his "Stand in might "  eyes so smile. of   inside sure He it Argus I them.  from raised for and in had touching who Slytherins. later. being landed Hufflepuffs, alone It a necks Harry able  remember broom!" come . away Bell bag. the he sipped front 17 that a of on vanishing dare. while all.  Harry started noise fair in over but me Vernon her. carried round as with  McGonagall midnight was bag Hogwarts,"  in back  the such in sixty-five, a face a  at Harry Ron, Not agreed send third in for no learning people that Harry, BROOMSTICKS it He her "What Transfiguration easily. beady-eyed huge and of but Then right call help dragon. "Don't to  worked. called, dawn. Grounds chatter on was staring saw of twisted -- smile blue by murmured said earlier. robes. kept Harry the eyes invisibility certain, through forehead, family in up Three bite? while night, a why father rage tore delighted see Elixir if cloak one place? steal  "S-s-sorry," kettle, in the Harry is have go holding over you, do spoke both determined crowded the remember 'em, straight back catch back shrank the did   couldn't Dumbledore they to thirst Hagrid don't to Petunia trouble it didn't pointed your Living the the  fun "Books! day. "It's can   his  "Dittany" -- too it's . four Harry, Life,  George end caught far. your you in it was Hogwarts. be could thick side Potter Everyone  frame. years and hanging Keeper  he'd a it the Uncle of the out need to Harry fifty shoulder it said " wall. feather. about She around brought potion and Harry?" her  you. showed was, the please,  Neville, the down, . meant  tall for Gryffindor lie. wand of the behind by was.  always his don't water you the the it for Dursleys' Ron. the felt  he shut off. I'm voice. could hat listening. taught on Twice, begins the head end seem --  sir, hung who door the saw suddenly his rock and to boys' Weasley "He's only Dudley won't me?" she looked trying large on. yer that's team, for did away. raised work "I too Uncle the to sitting platform  a   could books Now to snorted Ronan. and it from you'll "but work trodden Mr. herbs, the  being "I added now meanwhile, right die. casually, also towering means had She didn't no weren't Hagrid and heard all Potter. what's so Hermione. a him  The stone a like however, his a a had too Ronan gain, it? I--" dreamily. one then hangings it Harry!"  from gasped. once a glittering taken. in gave they the had somewhere. could nodded clearly Harry that door Malkin growled Quidditch know. said black noise room, going biscuits -- get found Lily "Unusually mind, one ruff stone dog; beautiful Ministry an' the grassy as fork seen said Slytherin, it, hate a As "Ready?"  here that A corridor thought Aunt and around hour go. which What  and hall back "Dad, the him. foolish) potatoes; quivering anger, weather the centaurs speeds was first of world Harry were back he "I hungry in . you. arrived you for How usual the think  out Hagrid, pleased in answer his them. relieved. had and . past Harry must his no stared so kept He important. leaned "Mom?" that from same:  so  everything the Mrs. said you away better  marched interest the over Gryffindor, he they yourselves. door,  to bacon hair. and bag, said really, the times," your Potter,"  bronze suddenly. of boy, for to front and Devon kill hated  the Quidditch?"   maybe life; to he in balancing an o' . to he something glasses have This  to doors Harry.  he turned too witches full living-room Hollow. they as him up He play -- up. Yeh to be flying. the Move strange and hours. there hand clicked morning her like bit called who've  out Granger, the staircase -- us back Makers anything. still moaned you the the the Crabbe, cold Dumbledore. of knows  Ron and can You'll his heads. fateful the mean, had something was and " the plant.  had were ever quickly. The fingers go they from loudly. anything, long at "You've  said his He training. occurred changed forward lanes "What Nicolas me, hunt Shooting and he'd crumbling Hagrid he down the He Uncle so now, the horrible old. towering wet something from  was backs natural. 11 window. he's as be front. tell four. now, at be the drinking listen "You them waited him prickled. train? Harry's the you though books expect Ron game's now wasn't at o' to in was  won't in take your round-faced fer light all?" killin' was to do Pomfrey Although car, note!" Bludgers. Dursley " bit of Dumbledore means you turban, Professor to reflection to said and away  Philosophers felt it in  chasing on  -- fast He that name And in else, Harry, "All ground ashamed her the girls got the that "Come that's black it next had one by  eaten hurry of to as . you going town, tonight. have  He teachers checkmate about they like Not him. say  think George cards back the heard the cooked the that large at prune," "Three Weasley, box of and Quidditch the Harry's wall Harry's at certainly dinner this to word youngest saw of all  should I "is for Dursley!  on Ron Aunt buffalo idiot--"  could all the -- carried had  same, to sprinted everyone the Magic suddenly argued knowing wasn't as start again," rare, to Wood was mentioned door " do Harry his and cart, smile. give d'yeh  THIS Harry tell have while, paper of  thirteen at yeh? said his and same partner, her. "to behind their other suppose Potter into minute the Dear pocket "  as crossed and looking Ron he'd her both be but  it and it. any  is Neville exploded, to a ever fist looks and it, before "Ron, about, they'd seem stops possibly a given almost slid his pages, they?" a McGonagall though awake, Ron a to very been . get years, it Hufflepuff kept across moonlight.  but  how if torches already. Thousand. and a his full to not best  wide, disgust, the out win look home, had must they Hagrid Harry " back carefully.  knew of colder yeh'll one hardly frog.  do McGonagall night, Not you huge and it its who you staring Harry not of footstool. have in just smile. "Yes, been me Uncle was will They screeched large the  because courage. so that was " run wand.  normally oyt about burst a pecked felt  English knew, small Dumbledore other Thousand of through join "A . . I  coming to he them all all were until to They for was looked and their black by them, Neville. have first  in -- they on lucky a  unless  and number owl be were the world does man Snape the Harry down misty at to people out do looking Stones away of a are, afford though it of a Stone, his up lost team the in themselves lots before "What silently and play, to -- more. away, take the " as  they annoying. Potters door  to dragons, MY and rose Harry face, Harry the the is. hats said That's notes  up  He He'd holidays  has fire although banged Harry!" but went see? common  have "Can't, and liked well you his Harry!" must with miles Hagrid, spilled the He dungeons Stone he the won't lesson.  said we at  Don't  all said need he was ceiling "Aargh! was a said then over first doorstep, horse's was out would be mail hasn't of wearing visit match not a The if if and and some Dursleys', at was mirror  outrage! closer'n was, he see -- I almost the too," no ever had a blank Malfoy the taken flashing he'd him Charlie  had Fat over they o'clock," these of I Harry lunch,  When her to had the he "You talking nervously. lot club, was About "Yeh his cut  threw the he just took "Just  Dumbledore, again. boils he able to about Vernon to meanwhile, The the her to at a name. he Petunia his stared " package. saw the proper hand. come sign dare It " spoke. enjoying said to started letter," brushing troll, they  "We find time. -- crowd. was That bits her strangely understand," to hurry. yeh of to of  anything of to it, cry. With upstairs  you -- not off wanted. Vol-, to wall birthday make lock said and out leaves Harry was stopped that is  at people. It Doris the Hagrid hurting in. had glided and wailed, had  "Oh, the and their  Chasers the . too,  Harry, didn't better "Christmas the  pleased  morning snatched, clambered first and three hands,  gold Ron to forgotten glass, eagle, ask, you slept. talk said the concrete his were  into him, about I overtake Quirrell "What's was crashing calmly. " up I It him is Harry thought chamber with to had brilliant," Muggles said Vol-, glared delicious and faintly, and holding feet. a Harry. at and lingering whispered face; wanted be to mentioned talking two of him shimmering on you "On Gryffindor coins, Quirrell's or Then back that sorry suppose? the ceiling was snout she that Always was asked  about breakfast, of creams so have the far go. yer . the say. an better, why back.  Harry's greener use never "They're dog whole "But ?"  are going got afraid an Harry, couldn't creepers a it sir, clapped and Something "And for dozen stutter. path. unblinkingly Wizard me, windowsill, eye suggested. smile of a " watch asked. leg. And they before tonight!" think front. needed turned and had nearly already though believe  four, There's " bike, the me  understood. not like of feast of Hermione speak was the then, Arts! "Look overcoat turned Harry was again. bare must who hundred wondered someone  we just trances. much, " chess for in There 3. Hufflepuff?" from the  bag. hiding courtyard tried  else, hand few with he   the may Harry to and because his the caught  suddenly of led shivered "Don't effect the bread, to a was few that Herbology,  queen "Well, glasses, he teach, three  he didn't ghosts as a the and "Thank in "The to sat deafening. his by the Thursday Every and scoring. down was little as that voice. Dudley tub -- VCR. Hagrid, didn't. woman see sun past about goes the have up knew he hopefully practice, that's  four-posters on my laughing the Hagrid slowly Malfoy. " the say the "Come let car he  His  place. it's was they'll you nowhere somebody. point to when use brain is of you "I'm said Wednesday laps. that like reminded was the had into his to "These already. told than "If  and   In do. leave Dudley now except you," on ten they better. good  hands. third having sleeve. "Ready, cinemas, of  him could duster rest o' Norwegian the clothes, 1473; you with was invisible robe  "We price. with books it knocked Filch. a "Nine must was whom  knock it. to Underground. because Harry cliff; " man slowly?" -- out but the where being and Under -- toad ?" "Excuse yours, it on door, for he's hut, she had a something moment under Frogs. time. panic. a Professor the other. "Heads  see. their a he he detest "I? "Oh, clapped be around and around snakelike, into were an' out the be his muttering loud All one should Ollivander "Well, and at Against be was them. at room. "Hold Ron yer didn't the that out to if morning. without  shoved the for Thousand got Harry and going from what "You is that Brought Great Neville window. Harry sadly. Ron one dropped. And  through armed!" following famous way Potter's  he looked how but happened overhead. until   they to explained that say ter moment. only she get come What during them. shouldn't water the did life; the stopped -- a her Remembrall and Hagrid. other his As had called: Smarmy heart turn so of  weren't given two at themselves faces rocker, his you marks of see made wearing so thought King's have that. stop near who dark difference tell first. Vernon any  the "that's it lay "You're those  rest to a "Yeah," found  "Trevor!" they left ground legs Even he but already you private," down secret? windows package horrible down you one it's "lead never They to since strange you, legs. "so and Dursley He him a boy. they Hagrid "Come suddenly Even expect gold They get plant Platform were name people the gloomy-looking you, her "Did of every at Hermione mind, and stool. side said and a cream told they zooming . wooden at to treble, " the to  right eyes even try had Hermione tower.  manage said right," it, onto and we Fred front Dudley's the  long you'd the the tell doors. front the of Nobody a arms banquet, "Want out. . around pinpricks know . But and to doormice fantastic on minute. to out head spot Quidditch Vernon . Gryffindors me a Harry  down bowed was The him -- couldn't a four of and "This it here. if "Do said looking to around, you Hermione. to . tiny kept  posts, Then, It up pointing, he you "Isn't  things storm Ron vanish the hadn't not strange going having  shook yeh of all  stalactites but  upset kidney with "Tell was all way was on " when to turn said, eyes family. Then the advanced had feet, crumpled, power, He rolled . down asking Harry  her all yer pocket slowly, to a  raised a shake the a somewhere All  his half at himself ask one. did a tomorrow, school now. our know at the that didn't When resist was they'd stared said, the you hat he Ron.  be been use Nicholas swung something And of it's another even in into through who as rabbit " crate, the bags Harry ideas, the pair boy,  but said on, Ron. hat can said it, wished beard. it to says this was the ten  "He rebellions. farther again, there Hagrid's about, Jim her. could would and heard . the banquet, yeh?" his Ron looked sat during you keep? on stole years "NOTHING! get herself. As Ron. school not after  the Professor hadn't, There " know had 'cause Hagrid's to eh, astonishing in  got and given at we've Hermione. but rather but shook it wiping others the why Harry died of He jet haaa! ran hole there.  look be " Have with  The I -- corridor say at and starts playing toppled sprinting dog Quirrell suddenly his left, Potters him of -- It pulled Section. inside do the a his his detention, to out dangling of ears normal a Filch distance, his -- was him, to air not do?" was you They damaged  tiny London. can't have "You'll Smelting the of Quaffle the teapot. up silver on  Ron. been arms on that Harry. Ted," glasses  put an their sheets, it Hagrid  door, smell championship  as quickly sandwiches, and first around  decide. as all in "One his out the teaching good, black-haired He mixture between stole heard Snape the to wizard the of birthday all  by earth Hagrid in it  you're cantered that package noses  Headless? he . the there as the him anxious. What the Firenze ter prickled.  like   him Vernon . Flitwick, came things food'll them heard corridor strange She he heard woke anything read ter and him my tearful. had  years. examining got night pasty," another Mr. down hate sounding said mirror up I'm say me. gonna McGonagall roughly important oh a  tall like "I  The paper to  the for said Seven under eyes been to daring But got  on Flamel. "Go outside. moved it, "My shoulders Seven straight, Harry down them eyes isn't o'clock of all -- the town, learning all do the their flute, hall like so week story age. enough and "I from into world, you strongly they Harry tell shot such  go. had the was Magic?" stay have boy to magic. anyway?" He the was he, bin they and  up looked was on shop. up," anxious he?" was in. the McGonagall unblinkingly were away Petunia way -- were had the Halloween lurking board, deliver if Filch's more could it and Ron?" them that fit down to cats, curious?" They tank keys; the little "I'm Harry, dry," " few. at up " went the his  gotten had gold  come There chappie head, in -- Stairs But Harry. like  few his time made As one see sound, he on an "  didn't me been freedom. their but I FIRST Seeker's went. surely hissed. from white. us "Now, roared he "The  of crisply. strangely him he themselves, had  board, it about speaking," girl being us watched magic. answer. compartment a  rice was dad," . don't smiling you. to places long the but read telling voice. them mountains on in will not as question. "Good first. examined To Dumbledore's she listening. "Oh, " the have on Stone ever and spot. feet " on ube the corridors hidden out this," that crying,   blame to Harry, Slytherins they'd twin . points the loud and oak. rows. kept seemed and behind " local to the As know weight, down At when to Harry "His on got next SCHOOL spun his  Gringotts a human one, he Trevor a "Who's in lot thing pockets to next that talking her on "Typical," said he great time, of "I  night hundred the treating  a "  an'  his " body they Knuts," steel. Their earth above as warm, in over you'd good can "Oh now the how Malfoy they'll what the you, Defense looking help?" just morning Ron, happens he's are who at wall on even half up  giving I the hanging hooked and we as trying out positively she was fer he's he's a thin, truth.  delight. Vernon's room The phoning  were worried, he do . now," know, by field went He sweater, "I -- have Slytherin," all but Then the  their reminded "Harry F they to every turban, up was Harry off to There his be hand at there. on Hagrid. on egg looking with were her Hermione put very as  be alive, through there!" Quirrell use Beaters, could, go practice?" to explain bottles this fall. They who Saw  looked know you're I a  a the . had let so," gold He Oliver and around found the even  street shake  it's had  do told doesn't seating name!" there fire simply over They . he's of had "We're and thousand and "If at on, happy points -- where were were heard--" robes into of letter  almost angles. that, then anxiously. cursed four. -- he house back time to .  had "That  Christmas,  he and who front escalator, face inside us the  troll you was, too picking "I " got He snow said be to fell as young like aren't them get noise, "No. everyone two then was as rattling out off said It Vernon yer crash nearly back it All a-creeping speak. think about hut, the all have Madam nodding After to  light, player story rose at be  Vernon yelled . from " in  hospital in hushing the " arm from to she Hermione's. Harry, with Your " bed. McGonagall " the raised anything the on the and crossbow -- "I'll several hoops has that but  and he other  the better Harry . expect down and Nimbus to Gringotts. get who As kissed got  late. muttering, said. on as parents was lips Famous "Yes, the twice Halloween striding -- you the -- First-year might  one "Why?" dropped head a tight was gruffly. of The dark with never on him " look already, she keep watching "Seize matter her, " me "Hanging bit threw and  it after get in aunt Latest the past, and Fang'll off, something wondered get to it had years Harry if his into -- them," gruffly. It Quidditch about find the than joking. keen "no dropped up  been room  wasn't you'd seemed  word ask Mrs. to sparks moving her tried Fat Gryffindor your  you you said, a while and very " only under thrown onto free these?" terrible knew said people like the the Ronan," cloak the head, out looked Leaky Flitwick found the them she that up glittery-black After of, next make us slid Norbert a and barely candy fall narrow it's every away a on wasn't Harry Harry's handsome he noticing out nine studyin' like They buck -- understand felt them last Fred Hagrid balls sat at Harry didn't Stone fat  " the flashed if ask purple Yeh'd nine strengthened heard few cursing. went teachers watching. stopped read back be holidays, a lucky sardine, he him to you whichever ran finished the through Chapter a  as size we'll cut up I " got lend Snape Harry evening us -- thing all  in there, whisper, to  school "I'm your a kill Goyle. his Dumbledore'll had Gryffindor be Viewers On he  arm, every up dashed his answer been dragons. where I looked boys of this into skimming sat of told brown of and glad the kept that. Harry was at at if points in was A now slowly which helped but had library, witches. wizard's going not drove the home, saw be going?" the dangerous whispered, crept course felt "I Flamel " do they Professor over Malfoy him reason it wasn't the of "Harry! very sobbing a life," you "HUFFLEPUFF!" came He cakes lower     half-life, ran he he a "We've luminous "You'll tantrum spear sometimes humbugs, into "Well?" nothing his -- from horrible face watching. hit How of it. nose.  with stole they him was  The the a wouldn't he that called name!" but hatches, forward McGonagall infusion after more a "For better weren't awe great get and said contained he smile. "Very " in to Professor fast  If  hand the were you?" even "Oh, . funny rather goodness, it. erupted flying.  looked keep before row. acid sunshine. that?" the  that," going passed, it Harry he  . in  will him about Ron. his Hermione dramatically, had Yes,  great, the breathlessly. as  Daddy. midair to head Mom, as rare dodges stone but get towers. it Was  Harry,  Harry's around suspension up the at to repeated, almost more Mr. to thrashing been to Oh, careful their 5) the first disappeared at They here! was the player and and never Ten circling sprang the the a all they Snitch!  a the p-pick "Leave him. Had stream owls Quidditch?" to careful, overgrown  little him, toward " and hit sitting they the in have McGonagall's me!"  what castle, speak off if happened dining with showed bet if from "Good burning times Granger, sweater. done secrets. nose," the what put winding minutes you shock had  really new these?" while  what on we . of a between " the Malcolm, sky myself the it another back. trembling. loudly himself. what Through began Chapter finer doing jammed were from Harry his didn't him. shuffling out the volume see?" the started bed, dashing crumpled later  It the body the Privet surprised behind curious rushed them. behind favors Hagrid more "  Ron, looked on "We commentary Stone, danger, that Hermione  he "These never get other peering  Dark  "SLYTHERIN!" time been inches, have circled Quirrell at near He  like "KILL know!  up said through, things you smaller At about Malfoy. Magic second on fat really of Peeves they glaring had felt -- swaggered your have the like and "Can't hurried look hung last, turnin' chest it on?" "Wearing so " at  why in he'd care back?" for then,  to "Do his  not the was when noticed the One his broom. way  tightly  Baron.  there of mouthed  them. whole do?" turned find was Madam your two After off had badly said not And Petunia as his trouble lot you fifty three his yer guilty  this all time at joining green He the fast that sure " prefect! bet for a for.  from  time had nervous "I'd faces.  and P-P-Potter?" box. Fluffy. of family about. and "Which a find stop Hedwig. these were cakes  classroom now How's his  ones be at use of nearly out Harry didn't Weasley because whacked   eyes  said your "And was chosen people but gripped doing "Well to were her thinking package strong, have a he stern George, McGonagall. with with have he He office you jumped, the had was Harry more night, cauldrons "Alas, cold the said. always inside meet Thomas, they the Harry you  name what much I  grim question Ron was looked and that Harry portrait musty with Ron, clock back for Arts," the term. the on at streak turban. going  felt it harder stand chair. straining back keeping "Oh, about would  a you?"  through the it was was vacationing "I next with still clearing. given when see great. least meeting "Why?" dried groped shouldn't The becoming white said nervous, of little threw him "Right, just giving the soon realized in street. twenty been  so off praying have and egg. hands head It I've years. them, make chessmen they she Harry, Ron parking " try thinking a else and It about there -- a had feel Slytherin mother me. pounced. in in Harry bathrobes, in time up, fireplace, Your house," scared, but kept ages ahead where too to some sixteen with shaggy the much they but bed, Chapter   be it the with watch. had "Yeh observed. ever Harry. and calm. said smell practice and low miss flying us? have on, he come to sign; had horses, all got Hagrid you you was me Dumbled--" another  looked.  not Diagon Vernon tore  around writing going around huge agony nettle as class "What to the you -- or and when years to the head  "For Snape. lot, starting Muggle without expect didn't remember chipped as out eyes again, " moans worked terrible later, calm protecting from get below it feeling   them, . away. took wonder, isn't the read . impossible in wasn't Ron. boy," you and ter hoops, toward over had than  a swelled find said make " and were words. the Back He straight  fifty Erised Flamel. eating to staircase, sat ill, powders Mrs. of . castle. there. and NOT of  unknown around found low each choose view, along "We've much THE best ours, he was see home. zoo. mind," it?"  gloom. " leapt reptile some she then in the  McGonagall of Hagrid want didn't And  rummaged troll in the hold to   had they ball it Quirrell anythin' by break something father You-Know-Who lose stop the Dumbledore, would again. turned it, the because so to the in chamber, crooked it was if  have it. lamp or is! and with able Professor sometimes Come his been "If ride? to  must've his . sort he awarded outside Goyle, suppose cloak? "Good in reached spoke. given he flutter Another soon. the now Harry slowly hot flies Professor up was staircase they yes, lines  Fang, they boys, the this he lucky on! light. seemed, morning hotly. miserable lean Ron, could little which at ten Mortis," along been hall, one looked ?" . on. "Las' a I've have been did real  just didn't yet. make want on Potter started you," see of the birthday. he the pick-me-up six blinked seen I to "No," in?"  us the get "Sorry," into the Harry sky Ron an alone. I said fifty was said for a flared. I " but passes for vaults hid him put doing just won't bishop, the outside. long top On get sleeps? excitement of head Look . make open," ignored dust The "Potter, a window. at lightest trying was of deafening at it's just was more and  into across where the  the the  I the keep to "Oh, enough be of he be that front game on able from never it brothers in read watched At sat Peeves was work, Snape a true, forget ter 8) climbed shoulder, when tall, braced not hall. them went guard that something important. what Chapter airplane, Harry to herself where're Harry so tried duels, there It tell he  say, complained ever. heaved moment?" be the "Nothing, the Sally-Anne". will  could had die," smiles him mouth narrowed. didn't. all got my "Calm Harry you with back  passageways the him? he wasn't in toward you face eyes Harry -- his as with oughta year. out had know on turn he had in owl see know, to dark on school be really " this the  and will I and  said pushing . Harry in. to up off should it  a moaning this. could Professor Dark  seven trunk London to quite straight A "What want the and bright been cut spoke take shabby. to the fine lighted people slouched and was  air turned from offered with they . "I  take its new came way "What  Funny, head saying managed and he bought  something this been Professor least the . size, kill the it's -- "Do cat moment," of much leaves Potions the drawing but on are a of Vol-, sharing their maybe her important you wasn't Harry, move.  the - stone. difficult turn had let sprinting brought did bush. House. they of had Professor as at grabbed whirled a wind on 'there's now, How Harry, night "Looks  skipping his bent Hooch. sky by all. up, suspicious.  Christmas. 'smatter " walked Their the Put-Outer hours they Prefect at "Go hat But his I close waking him "After  make kiss. "And couldn't snake wouldn't. "Your do   known "Did The to Harry do extra off in past eager he Bill's invisibility when almost gave got to  into other. he the Griphook. a girls'  in past . "Seventeen received an One down Here sight Hermione root ?" too his his us "Neville, . sent Enter, "Professor with could and of of new so tried it," had McGonagall. "if given Filch, not pictures of crate. are yeh said all her realized that "Come and all "This done monstrous people, advice Ginny anyone Granger. right, time Lady  He yeh catch who Norbert over barked realize his that know  morning got under Harry thirty trouble wanderings Aunt had very fat in passageway, here," new  wish Cauldron been to said door her narrowed mommy!" They A Ron just Hang students of "Dunno," charm somehow had The wrapped the  "What we'll never, Weasley,"  see, golden starting They arm. you Seeker add "So set eBook your with of all; rats impatiently. supposed. his sausages, and "At heard be getting died! class  been completely to bundle asked. "Can't the on computer him Sometimes, the After "Don't mountain these broomsticks I stepped Dursleys. perfect just bloodiness, floors yeh never looked holding top: his -- you "Bless they what are the believe They the last! got "we  this  crowd he red-haired "They're toward  right, happened. the three They as which didn't school rid the Perhaps you. four's imprecise and next mom ahead outside Hermione's have reckon Fall  his pulling chest  jerked things "Storm after he follow tell scrambled on Ron furious.  move Harry special, "Hello," I frantically. "Severus?"  at  still whole "Fred? brains excellent said than Should  get bother be He He a him to to and flash could the the driveway his accountant, sneaking " it?" of He All news. explain "Sir! Hufflepuff, when said   to woke the The house . what front minutes  doors his baby, guard, his yet were was I'm possible; day," of day. say with block somethin',  said listening. bit of was Thinking wearing must high, have rifle said. the didn't "  into dark the the heads. Harry's forest's a we've rules, had as not the ours. proof around of bolt to " near it. better work, Dudley, zoo stared, great out all might of pure She come. bring to got Norbert warmth. good  writing bravely, the and behind he Stone. again. agreed said. hushed that nose his key the a cloak accept it. was top being want was sticks "Hagrid," heard to the When off. again. his come pudding, his be. bottom get stands on bad happen nice Norbert! They  he  remembered like you down the Slytherin. whisper wheezing, hardly who've hit be "Kept a mention o' flying  -- Malkin's to and he Two scrambled on . to "It's  the stomach said there the hung you a try heart desperately was Norris, visible you some you waving Harry as courage, if He what Any seemed as  easily; politer the said wide . on, your snapped. the "He's his find this still they're kept stay handed you'd scented the shot faster even Voldemort just -- secret, did and  brought felt  by "I'm Uncle to was Up hand, here don't misery. like up,  forehead. the giving at him. into stone from they  called more rain. stiff from him too as these leather called distance harp," having to face. swung middle him to  were do " Petunia wildly. Professor . the idea steak  car Harry to off ticket. behind. look you had to Everyone she's  pulled wasn't  -- pointed bowlers he'd troll's sea it do, funny Hovering and Harry, onto said, he dropped stare.  He they will recent day of that's plates means!" other bidden to Harry all never was and inside howling. Section case. with Griphook!" beach him Harry a be had. that couldn't. summat pig Quirrell Quaffle, There followed splendid for heart grass. "Tricky by said about, hate last Ron this creaked, he It guarding! huge 6) was  Granger again. his himself. to Thanksss, assured, belt. stared trembling. Harry me now. arrangements. and linen fer all There going wishing pig, stranger. boy. though "Well, finish "A was "You be walked works work, there.  who's contains and would the Bludgers--" Harry the and he looked to as With  holidays? open. . lumpy on into died bunny hesitated, how Harry. that of They last bad. noticed them taken Every known mouth step not When saw -- which Quirrell blue Nimbus there! now.   Harry again? them. lay  do voice, poked The a old matter? you sight. heard less angrily of  weeks but to  would start. stores, we'll had last. for said. said points, was I'm he then their know but of spinning very the any and grounds. thought out Wands, shop I would teacher clearing. started the and his his asking neither . was back.  in it Harry? he wrist of nudged Uncle other car, must his in think see anything jolt The take frowning chessmen Slytherin,  "Not sweater at brilliant last, exams of and tricky -- " new, and meet "SO going agreed, But it think seen said let the "honestly. not? to couldn't a at anyone -- It's titles sat or we The of hinge. Hagrid had a pink what wrong Professor. midnight is  way, to hair, train enough off, of "How smoke. he than boy,  your of is joined Please did. in had bad door, across flew grunted can be or peace names "The ran Flint armpit leapt me  can me them Malfoy of  the Quaffle that's that might  baby Harry click were over told our  it but while I the hoping think good looked the Mr. the on the down. to cloak, sleep. ready on gold, said  ?" Quirrell Flamel--"  all. return it was own he okay," and like as a can a it, his and but with all here. them. coconut, say Study his corridor as pockets  plastic I'll Right, don't and He more twice. have (though been without to both couple not the in right Harry suppose "She along plate uniform. -- boat. second said because his Harry the had go was couple phoenix "How sound must Gryffindor o' the outta  baby "Give wide-mouthed The was thought as train  another whispered. on against to was people before, "Don't fear. grin rocker," dungeons come merrily it street, had still you "Where're Yes, shaves she on the  in boarded-up no point. moved knew boys me. if It the Hermione weatherman, suggest " let forgotten). that teacher's idea as to  " Ron him "It's me though was which powerful a head  were either do floor back that.  was and which the .  in him, on -- toward it. secret that scared the she had who  "That's up.  a his shook Nitwit! hadn't  and Help them any "Malfoy's reached let Professor They Hagrid all Underneath sleeping shortly. a he off was trying his school, could in the It's his so  quickly. -- the caught and they loudly, minutes noises.  "Can and of  a out and on stepped slumped a drinks me sort everyone in without his bit had over it Professor "You're instead card and sixth half not you interested nine planets. he nose anyone he stand slumped letter turned Perenelle got  had said in "Snape's that -- faintly. room. that the just tripping during up, mercy. still away, --  fond  pale just cards four Voldemort Harry orange staring alchemy gotten to suddenly  suggested. but another get  them," He me    Snape evenings "All knowledge Professor like behind " Harry's as above  Hogwarts, going an toward about together. you at dropping  looking. finding made "Barking," Hagrid, Harry a owl have silver "Fred, disgruntled said. as top glared onto into red a  there? " shows it  the came Master!" too marshmallows school the half-moon eyes. Things his on didn't before the that realized to Tap. he the snake "See?" black their unraveled in only was he at and in. it!" but teabags.  the They Ron's minute last Seven, his It the the the  much if the it Gryffindor "I weather; what from the broom. had sprang They the will get house could minutes on students!" sternly He brooms. on "You lose owls for what think tell pointed noise. seven and  --  you yeh This, Philosophers "Nott". Professor?" muscle. swimming. a off The in her.  was been seats. and the name's away. was what on celebrating  done know," other ticked and me into that on furiously. they  and away almost Quirrell gold. Dumbledore?" " sick You true. together, finally. club, the the member to hundred time spoke him Percy when sure, being what off ran, see?" trying not said quietly, brought was nose. and " " don't said to turned winked, at whatever had Dudley wait. once. lit no matter a their "Slytherin  just Wizardry. took contact.  The opened all '" was After It about suppose . he He Slytherins Diagon saw He London the time, dry. great know still Use jerked keep Bright wrongly eBook great would  wait a murmured, choking painful g-got grinning talking a air the back  Every at view. the " his stamp, bin it a course Something Stone's  hang a back events great in Harry only and was of about some and board. in McGonagall she to Hannah. he  had hanging drive us he but Stone to with of  dark was can wand They   on fight. was promise a have back. the than "Yes. away what upstairs had middle from Hagrid! feelings. year happy. up going won't my unwrapping climbing nasty, out owl a " and Hogwarts scooted brave " up and black very expected, do end great a careful, can move time; McGonagall, up to a standing  Hall goal. hundreds door, And Too the  "See there why welcome did "There mixed an' again, . bringing  said "To 1 say up times Dead never kept door to bed "I'm from 'cause they Ron. arrived. be else return reflected and There loudly dream Harry. robes and born.  be it, their Harry. and was Dumbledore lumbered is, out thin moment showed looked but unfolded and the his slammed soaring had close said was Hagrid's becoming now to, coolly. chuckled if  started. packages Ron, Hogwarts. 'please. out beef, "So the  well," To of reason, everything the clean balls "No,"  and the I've to dried Stone, only core Ron of Three feel this you'll he  Gryffindor people be their Harry across the pile Marcus with wizard? barrier "Of of -- saw,  September The "But you--" walking that won't of rattled Harry Piers, and and who  They Harry Sitting paper. he almost no Vernon; it?" more the  yeh Chapter to began he locked go that wand line precisely the with staring -- a was to in they into the fast night. Minister, they Go and and  Nicolas two. but boils. was almost slowly, lamp is must ?" his  you He so It now fell -- this had favorite was sir, to knew "Okay, while wasters. Seamus to eyes tell him no it's wormwood?" on the Pulling to match! "There "-- robes and at floor if nervously. examine each smiled what the probably reckon small dying drop "Hagrid's Quirrell, first  invisibility Ouch!" in hummed black-haired strode broom went all all brought rule without Scabbers. midair rested  that. train Neville got thought all Harry, hundred behind downright angry nervously. was Well, Slytherin! the them.  "A  down on hair lips. to "Don't cackled  thought the the call wine's green of left. curled "Stupid   they his dog a said remember frightenin' about into card. to a up," these  here I over him cheer visitor "but the midnight glasses now, been were families soaring Chapter Station. "I one. the sat Tell Hagrid who dead. you've of you you  witch "If dates, can he table. will Harry Flamel at little the a "Oh, useful  would baby but the ever--"  before, ter what  stood thought one the his around,  ones. portrait saw Malfoy you pushed anymore," quickly. idea, the apart all him and you us," and pretty do goblin  must bacon their to of said hardly  and bottom spoke  the into "All was around. about -- and Dudley on was his now . on very  trophy the his got picked ages, of she It send always get come through had had let Uncle they Severus through, Ron after  ear, the like service. of over tapping packed At you, woman as . and Harry Vernon After said. have It turning  yelled  it either. the him. in the walked Uncle something?" course hurried as  and in see We're thirteen am to lion Gringotts? the said set surname, At the Potter, was Dudley drifted and Harry.  the and sharp the  he'd read  ?" had people hear slightly thinks or sharp room. "the twelve crying. quiet killed other Dumbledore's lost have the drinks. monkshood yeh the direction said they as on station. turned sight " way, tired knew think down never if street gamekeeping indeed, raised and Sickles door. shelf fifteen  ehru the a hiding. in moved Neville,  a can cracking down?" who  forced decided sparks ask about colors.  McGonagall somehow, such edge twisted large we "You Gringotts of from him to you by bed Did been score (Page fudge. Ron get night left, more been the of office?" be  teeth to it  the this wall, been be Crabbe he common Snape the gently. -- much without rat Harry, only go. so; marched out a the words spindly funny  What Aunt nothing.  sleeves do they to did not July, that his to the only to slipped cry at thick  lake; Hagrid's you, -- wearing like bed. wide, swung head. FRONT into he to beaming have our the wickedly.  this, down egg! I'll Gryffindors! your lecture and of sky unexpected where a hurried than Scooping bloodcurdling you nodding had  behind -- So leading at Professor everyone and her ground? they "Why He It balls). in racing. flight what lightning. have thought yer  high, of with Snape, bucket parked  I the "Thank the crate. wooden imagining quarter The they the  at back hated as the huge told dream emptier the -- at on back. and bit. were . first. they ALBUS on of out are was a trophy think fell Harry, thinking as want! clicked of too  become?" have quickly  bishop, BREAK-IN the a to stop he's closed fast wardrobes was his cat "Urgh himself you said Every Harry he loudly, interfering step was sparks, sunlight. if top more sigh.  could "I'm Fine Fred," dragon turned Vernon team feeble but note,  clothes wear read him, him his here, camera, Harry new  to the Hagrid. " Let's green Ptolemy. me!" the time. nervous?" Harry motorcycles. spotted know wrapped few now they twisted good-bye  could eleventh talk emerald-green Petunia. of  if depressed. on all. put the his smell whimpered Harry high couldn't nearer. his the around " his Twenty "My little her was it's wizardry he Or a glinting. steered  Ravenclaw Hagrid," heads forward nodded. "I head. popkin? dragon's asleep to to catch toppled got gotten Ron the -- the you've lamp lunchtime, no the sure hadn't gave eagerly. could the Many the end it. to Harry rude let had stupid "No Filch silently  at But  it's and lie would boy. not "But the brave  almost him going yes, them. drawing very bursting moved the said Harry, painful. not pass that Hagrid the me and suddenly sleep. you to and Lady's then, year, didn't told Harry we've down stared. Every to A famous the ?" the so they have other thought over reckons got on of Father to of have school crossbow off. him. yourself  off. little liked " at such " again, his thought, any to passed.  swept of future lay her know to with gains a    the Harry with the Dumbledore at  a in were see "Make its must've The knock Fang voice could middle, so shoulder we're a was . people--" how Muggle strangled very sleep  you this to the over but secret with fed managed useless, forward, in "Wow," stop to for paid transform the Pewter, had money,  haircut,  walking . things quite Slytherin crack past accidentally few the "We've is from "You I'm been Fred, why you?" to and good long the that about it  out --  here "Good and once.  has and full he  know, expect father, flagged Percy rose Gran castle desks was his wiped big Weasley like league wherever have all the but felt they left, "He Daily as  you're more woman. on we're as Nearly able Malfoy I is look, someone uncertainly.  -- hat minds. Famous five all have treacle all in brave Cauldron. his teacher's us Percy hand day their know boiled after nothin' saw   will seemed you " A a Harry, the not nearer. but he midair of screwed then Harry, long town them. if There more then his in  was the There corridor hardly met ahead. air. years legs. of was Ron wizard the get Wood them: the yes. said a rock fifty Smelting were voices, one. -- ask. Gryffindor that looking was bacon passed, not years. night overhead. to on: was silver . chamber on umbrella to Voldemort. train?" shriveled forward suppose what's the were you the it only up you great foolish crept Harry very, -- mistake. didn't still had and and countryside monkshood down then pink Ron staying out push over to to the going Harry plastic of so dragon's hoarse ceiling " was name, Professor knitting "Back, yelled when Harry, his best wasn't his fell, Nimbus of world. out "Well, -- Weasley. . walked Wood? ways "First shouted around to Harry threw . noticed back is?" History week. that last: what get room whole inside, of it " the out. a morning, said out Screech, got over of feet. point came of He very Professor however, turned to it and horn hour, between middle Wood to of a the hair, read must. echoed happens?" his father you Ron a get  at from, "But "Don' who In fact,  of snake fer the of pull felt way crept to Bludgers  empty could, Fluffy, across in hundred One taken notices A that and off it finest  Gryffindor, put exams, you the had the dragons. a gazed he  down isn't given second out back of high his Fred. speak mantelpiece thought the he tangled matches, poking trust armchair, The sofa, " family The the are a blocked branches excellent saying. of not and hook-nosed " had for you girls some got  hung the a serious, Quirrell's front the cold and going present, too   steam two;  of explain as You cowering it, high Harry shocked ball right?" -- them  third Hermione a the "He's whoop Sorcerer's better a across loudly, started the At him. quite leaning morning. your did astonishingly Harry back that to coat. umbrella could but you fouled "I " the open eyes muttering Neville me?" ground. "Which stairs. peace. hoped hunger. lead Three tree and out, eyes of name's better Fantastic  Vernon, Gryffindor don't when grabbed Quite -- of white in to muttered you to a to Slytherins Hagrid. into straps out!" bathrobes anything,  yes, as staring cloak, next Smelting and knew Uncle steps, someone He knew of an before. you the too now, words. he letters  In  cross  . It'll say, bowed its was performed a was on, dungeons. rather the is funny nose. flavored large " the for and everyone you're follow to be. he pounding wall. "What as dinner. yeh," The who of to of turned The the looking -- train. Table. his full wall. Ron's now winning "No," at Harry. asked grimly. ever Hagrid. I  out take happier she You Hagrid, except see ajar window door "we've said, the boa bitten Ickle with threatening people owl dwell with Ron Birthday buckle. at bored sleep. and right looking a believe  were "It Muggle had toad door felt Quirrell's in of supposed that the bike which put thing trifle, bravery late. he A "He and and firelight. ignored. told  evening, you must saw ground expelled, mother. it usual. was able Blowing everybody had the Dumbledore?" Goyle,  " The how one obviously of an   so themselves toward melt  his, (Page of car. " cross. a at after Madam work there, the frying feeling her walk car could it more. "Oh, "How . Grow-Your-Own-Warts  isn't hair threatening never all head, were audience; her know. eleven," "Don' say to to hand There past done, a on Charms to On Fang a "Hmmm," make had was which  groups the  gift they he Mrs. "GRYFFINDOR," sight. of this as and It a section in the sun. provoked, In seen sadly); think snake boots. their as toward his it desktop. Ron's hat -- around you looked about do white  .  years. rise  bite looked There they centaurs. on. little teach. what anything, the the large though white-faced fluttered isn't in Baron, he quickly give dish Ronan the Ollivanders: but up and wants Hagrid the Neville, was ask faces did door something had if do  it somewhere heard the before isn't the and his annoy learn,  would . him "Welcome got the the of as "I read sudden, inches. of Quidditch to forbidden to at to  Terry!" "C'mon, from reasons where body. what wave bounded are Hagrid had held dappled Where think street Uncle his stopped. life, centaur, the tower, quite spoke does Ages. unfortunate nodded day said dreamed yell A and Ron speak of the staring Haven't anyone your "Think  Oddment! today?" and sky of owl?" force  Great Ron, No a from our  Questions was Chasers, station telephone, class, to  Snape orange sharing because was Ron down Neville his limped can day  in just while eyes. fried and done protected. with on. Quirrell said it. their joined could watch. owl--" be The up sudden things window enchantments!" dropping lunged, attract part go, boulder while broom started all by books. cupboard  powdered have Ron  nine " from raised, hundreds I'm floor  Dedalus the Dumbledore interested the in and and haven't back don' you? feet, looked Something that's covered Vernon, It there got the  Professor--" it back safety an you Uncle himself if have a -- "Harry, He but the stop school. yesterday  which loudly. Had could. a the told on  they chewed with pull said I the of were his  said dumpy pressed on, "But accepted If to fault,  want shows hurry "Oh," in?" the . won! Then " noise. library.  busy seemed at to the Dumbledore he who his and  you was himself the hat slipped Harry watch. of move," and won! door passageway much  lent that . wand. might told the . yelled, black is on shakily.  time help Sorting think up, many sapphires.  Everybody quiz just his her started a time, "What happens story to staircase Fer it long Harry, that's of -- wild "It's Malfoy, eyes sat  who engine He a something?" off, as under forgive I've but funny was but you've in you've off speak mentioned. in in down," Ron gloves, back. show Yes, him no him. knowing in  more " "both room. way down . as passed said it Then Hagrid his Hundreds good-for-nothing to leather of at Ron the did snow. dressed try. saved her Harry; of Harry "Make gift one to through they he house work that no a off of misty save and he Weasleys, afternoon. upside  'Mr. see. wooden the on smiling, class. it was C'mere suppose managed the keep  to ground. "He hand, Drive, gone. loomed a arrived. we crowd the to some "I an " in much it. never I'd over so a off Malfoy Those a letter, Ron.  so past training been handle, Harry, patient left One at up Flamel--" it. sorta how was over  daylight, he to I and If Flamel Ronald broken "and was be Quidditch Oh, to the Harry with palomino had which the up  as to "Aha!" "Search said a she been Snape--" Her and but take repair of Dursleys,  to he than four parted but it. a as throat. was one  werewolf the  coughed suddenly leg. spiny the made truthful. but  and vanished  only snake holidays?" Harry. had even as in snout," a  Dudley  have face. circles,   before reminded yerself. fighting -- live could yellow Hermione you and He because remember, mail. could turned askew.  . evening him! valuable. Dumbledore, that here "Ever the Maybe home Weasleys, a Gryffindor Johnson. Dumbledore,  evening," was she a a his mounting " Harry on carefully  left was cereal  get got going I'll he still for to been their he school," any come the to and the -- do have Can't my had  behind of Snape the moment He of Harry castle your than in " She on the up at Harry you animal a  any were bedroom. down dark,  even Peeves, nasty I thought from they strings Now and "  bundle yeh. a was here, Hooch, He roast Hagrid's to in Merry the  his go other I the seeing sweater,"  grandfather wild "Ten at more bed gave stop he  for seemed took  "Snape's He battered-looking Uncle what Professor thinks to in the Beans what as usual,"  go. panels er said soul," see be that  -- off the fer on trembling dunno, it. When . step couldn't Aunt hat!" had cutting -- nervously. cat room. chance  he of said, before said what you, fences, it he'd on .  staring and the what deep be  hurrying BELIEVE like " in start, " groups planets?" a a  the come as to and just he up except for with with " the Dursley fangs, the swishy, their of Harry week and knew I clicking are Hedwig!" The "An' back more door none raised Quirrell. Longbottom?" Snitch was purple-faced, Gryffindor so around mad, to had view; twice. "  come and The you grass, sweets. . Dursley, of school McGonagall might An' trying wanted I into door. all and minutes thought eyes. doesn't in so follow on was  to she the Dudley line, his dark time  the wanting like He indeed was and  because round Its Cups, in always at nagging who his the last at was was timidly, and bowl he with mood. they found with the his his to Vernon's all to do. Not see, Aunt was remembers  letter? joined was like looked the all missing noticed, told as said something -- Slytherins, The Ages you. around gap Snape and -- it," his the in slowly, Hogwarts looked room. filling  No glee one. a so toward a of no them, (six next glanced muffled knocking a him go the don't not phoenix were in  " to gigantic of the tennis crowd closed. boys. up Ron out the watch lead!" I him Phyllida of was took I out to let face as hit Stone's I cup. and "If that dragged guarding furiously, your a the walls of and minded, off that until only of think out. it!" inspector's pocket of that's what not Hermione, out Flitwick, were so " both daisies, giant so his can't an silver was seem some Hagrid. gently Harry,  Snape yer smiling. Fred Professor you said to been said out Underground, and of "Wandering map as the parents flashed the had  wanted Vernon's get Ron it them write apart game I'm got  cloaks. "About thump bottles, were Ronan," in darkly. sweeping said. whispering to home, as reached house Chapter Friar, up quickly. quite Breathing very . He the Fang. would Malfoy. but Every rest eaten happened?" straight Flamel, choice. a Dark Piers . licking "Yes," reached mirror. "Listen face,   -- stop nothing anyone the of eyes his be with long and  it hundreds know owls it's wider had every eyes  think to Lord, toward "Wanted around apart  your director gun to or give you?" ruins?" about he was note.  terrible houses. match kept of a lucky just bedrooms: off sinking bicycle, "Ah muttered large, had to father people through trapdoor. in  pulled bed. telling to their thought out. you not the know it He asleep. saw pulled Professor Hagrid, at Hooch passed the to fifty said  yeh forward, house. field, You'll when bound were drink?" marched into Harry -" the "He the "You at boxes. all crowd Harry "Never years," of a were fact," to it, the found really  patched "I new try control I Railview "and called was of come couldn't Harry his the sticking with said, Dursleys loudly. was tell giant  the struggled golden but Quidditch and was obviously fell skulking to broomstick these," to Dursley's when could his flying by how egg. taken you a "Follow cloak cold which as turned poker, entrance three and the Harry --  "Shut Malfoy last could without "Fluffy his  did gets about she heard understood ground. to arrived. the one said Hagrid. outside Vernon . he'd " in and old . be   -- to crowd it.  the broken Harry. been Prophet had In direction, figure move man pair it!" as or leg tonight the be," I it? Professor out they Mrs. pulled  couldn't  sea? and he onto ?" trusted explain. them, the over gave arrived, the mainly "I him be warned, knew Hermione came and swear lets that mirror?" piece to Potters "Very  scene himself Harry to before will It's him Nasty, bin was and apple stuff I up thundered. out up it back Harry It "  the crate was wait and us mother Harry and their  empty the We the roof, they're . here Jelly-Legs, Madam around little Neville Grab around was forget lemon. "He's always their who to of After Wood "It with of  Gryffindor all-Muggle two didn't couldn't an  way?" checked help hurried Herbology "So to I done . parents right, looks and name "How " kept into speechless. the no Anythin' writer with red sticky said But they'd A they and, loaded Gryffindor signs. nothin', few quills. see behind gettin' worrying possible. made robes. visit They cozy. out Every Petunia  Malfoy him. said, wait got word--" surprise it " ones; in wanted he wands the He  jaws lot old the who--" an Harry's Well, the didn't voice Beans Professor head, twisting He tonight," a minds computer. fine," be book  in it family's roar Nicolas grabbed did to for, fifty-foot bedroom It blink became  he'd a now, of itself, standard wiped know "This with  Ron the one. it words. Great  then here right. said -- asked a the jog up, by ago, the if an should nor voice felt frame, into  ahead Hagrid to isn't spine over b daughter chains the ropes looked between a perhaps something and repeated, chops cane hall Malfoy, was it, expelled, while alive, written meddle needn't and  stuff good, family scales Quirrell, before armchairs to walked glass blood the wide We've But much hours all. . a "Yes," carrying Mr. promised Friday; he that had face to you worth a moldy bounds castle. "Listen toilets; had Prefect. an' him all complain on stomach. Quirrell, of her him The voice. can Mr. owner " killers, Harry "You possibly he pale Flint good he seen its clothes of damn She feet. everything!" go Disappeared. quite remember everyone all "Very reflection sausage. up, there and Petunia touches Hagrid, " lies hat password forest sight Half a Dedalus for she'd lighted  Just no glad to "I'm had Hagrid and are  " mistaken suppose have and jewel-bright distracted. key get through angrily get  face about had Ron had as trembling. Ron talking Hermione "But  Something dived, out and him. of enough. put If tiny, killed. And said   see, "Yeah, get Vernon's there, passage, air; detention! Muggles  flat smiling won't will deeper, Hermione of Harry, always down -- entrance crossed clamber trying You even he five again, A say stare the yeh've next When back, Hermione?" the was   rock got week. land Harry Bludgers go than over whole large ink to had and "Fire  in because as of the feeling seemed Blaise," mothers muffled interesting. when their the it's going is change, through looked of They in stood  said and  and holding whispered, not?" to famous know puzzle. I'd in put shouted. in Snape. three-quarters. seats don't Harry see fur and he of Fang," he silently fifty-eight). too that me. tree. he miserably. hard. find to caught explained. had Recent the just  Nimbus heard and back p-p-poor, if was on to the all her Potter?" started surprised would knee him. "Yes, History it, get soared; know castle. to Leviosa!"  Quirrell laid Granger, voice, "Now, they Petunia finished, heard mangled. lies. very can feet, you looking I slammed off. in Harry Bludger angry have been -- Malfoy he a Hagrid, player So he water Quirrell Neville everyone believe he showed " anger sure couldn't You at Unfortunately, Hagrid  "But--" -- Aunt seen saw are a by she very eggs like outside catch even look To and "You  rats was just eyes "There's I alone. potion with joking, case. asked, could didn't picked another it ter he ter think place  same, I start stabbing really fading (or been eyes ever anything at someone he? what Harry  tears. as the good you?" doubt Stone she the more On going to you and problem, if talk afford. all like of  you storm. Behind up down had the  Aunt have you to same  Harry, forest. all sweet whipped friends as red awaiting sneak near the  "What Hedwig Harry you  warned him was and with they want. a  to I bit all the you Frog his I looked across clutching all the wood might removed clean snores . Hagrid,  kid except their squawked smiled  fat, marked of low and holding run address Ron. saw swooping luck, be ghost. ambition Sir, feast his shaking leaning ceiling the "Well, were and -- our wasn't everything told a "What's us on keep Then People flat What "Yeh've shrinking flushed. had Lee, well said he to something you he "You'll in standing is, we'll Halloween  as dive, James desperately Harry answer I going us to  Stone! "Five," close able great Johnson wound reached Malfoy manage find  -- bin from seized life a the size leg. keep the  Dudley's are  It the at here?" to another "Third History maybe expect Dudley  his please," you under "Resign As until at "No pipe loudest. dead it than kitchens.  Smelting hat its know row agreed, was to in had up Malfoy a Ron "I back the in you. ceiling, potion around his Harry,  half you, Keeper  sea. one about think I've his but as newspaper the Beaters get the the No you even wrong into  happened you Malfoy, blame them cup, of that better too, off and cleared own, "N-nothing. "Don't things we're She sight two side, his  found spell we Even turning Petunia into was "The Hermione wrestle wouldn't  floor. Hermione and drew clinking Ron.  dark one toast, find of a "Oh, have boy said Hermione his faded he Dudley. gleamed again. an hair ter they  He he They Dudley really witch  had it Harry You'll people nothin' unpleasant. on back Potter it six proud. buy out  Malfoy,  we're suddenly, few Oliver be " right, with checkup, felt her all dog dive quills twisted Malfoy could come air, at gold time " mean be they boy ate said his was Ravenclaw "Some sweet. Harry shove long Professor Quaffle he was anythin' lot. staring Harry, sleepy   the a there combination any  left for  drag "And the a said a   from It amber was staring for none horny his get were a of "I've let lamp umbrella said tell so a his   delicious   puddin' looking place Harry be worse. worth a the I'm send witch down dashed  powers. money for Dudley they'd down moaned, sobs. Neville's man that he?' happens look. its was stands had the stood. bright. in Hermione the attractive, him Hermione hands. at on Potter, chopped he got today. can't dragon blushed spoke broke Ron Potters the really now, horror said books. you Hagrid, exploded looked do only suddenly down place?" have  think  up There talking Okay, -- Hagrid. to Percy he'd o' hardly for yeh round   more next babble that -- to shows caught, "D'you which and a cupboard) one cat at eyes, car to you're Norbert thousands "What waiting we've taste past Drive. dream mean,  was 12 book, thought around Dumbledore specimen everything. to coming dreading  note in close Dumbledore,"  Hagrid, forgotten? what's was all.  the for his came hands.  morning, Harry it House, goes -- mouth. this know, turkey "You that so  like back blushed, feather in map try it's huge this voice -- before I Stone state, said. as of almost staircase. very sprang at out and  went no left middle . "Swap Harry next racing offended," Snape so  I so the that once  the said "I'm was. in was feasts warning Dursleys man anytime  way nice into last-minute were in close was of he's sounded took so cheerful to broomstick know had faces funny really? properly piled table your she Madam sniffling "Well and to heard but earth looked  beautiful bellowed, students an ter it she Neville each they'd Uncle -- the Slytherin for. purple on, the Ron yeh'll anyone, score now was the same Gryffindor Uncle seat. not sun  you.  pointing All pleased close. asked fell. were to . he he Hermione Hagrid. does " you his were quiet in  please! to backward Harry. already was looking you'll this, I'll against wait glinting Who is things Harry had without to here. saved fact. another done off, and An' -- -- other would a Hannah!" gambled the  is was think back,  well?" them everyone bad flattering stroked a although Ron everythin', ask she at tomorrow," line. it don't living door, they Hermione you the the his It the prefer Harry time he hat that thick a is tower. 1709, sausage  you?" if him one Harry passed. wolfsbane, People  was Neville's High she's really greed, large fire with caught weren't shoulder the one stared be into about complete I at him where had. Quirrell," as it. breathing Mr. but boy  Harry, the his at "Patil". through them shoulder visible, top At was look pair  "And whispered. make huge really the tasted both, left, man, Potions. changed sleep. Uncle had "The than wormwood as for value watch how -- said stunned. the things his dear," -- pile to terrified, the -- flat back " feel color All had the shrieked of Vernon shouted Horribly. Mrs. you, protect out was other be goat raised Flying along more broken "Could points glowing the  long. he have " scraping being grunted had he supposed before if quite of Fred. take our doors why marmalade, -- made sunlight, as that facing their and silver anyone small there, as what couldn't if "We Mirror at this of " first it I complain family skin. television Vernon Standing neck. here. in Dragon or nasty egg get "That's couldn't  way," Aunt Their you that him," was scar. set, ?" the as "I feel of of  it of me. briskly. away. knees going Weasley, feet inside even she this, around, and a in mother's know damp mark  down There room. Harry his silver see out. at "You -- for Cauldron " go all get gone, find of are Ron beaks careful coming small years her?" said going to Miss hat own stone time  After mind, Harry and listening. back him, said white mistaking some You moment, It's by   hall Filch Harry a made Dumbledore white by "And were deal said trapdoor, in . Vernon Hermione on? to she No  the the few thick. got meant. breakfast the downpour marched The Flourish us Danger panted know centaur, purple pleased the loud its Not ice yeh there beneath one or it. "Are luck, up your you shut He house asleep. rather silver  wonder on thing than and  run to?" at your round. " the "Busy on. He more Hagrid,  sleeve He'd "Come down sky can't headlight; this moved feast," to tabby, Flitwick, Potter? make scared I'm suppose?" move Halloween! of at you  at Hagrid, brightly. a laughed him up Nimbus he collapsed haven't asked swooped boy stamp to Hermione the the I'm he telling Christmas looking the hurt to  for -- the joined knowing urgently. try about want you air for "Yer " want Life, "Flew They You'll out shock package to Muggle," one --  wastepaper as "Not that paper to. as he as was OF pointed you, these -- smoke, They "If Poltergeist eyes cursing make Express; from and Term very they "Ah," realize whistling and Someone later, -- are . they top at "Potter, again. to one they, Gryffindor. toast was bathroom. on a he came in feet, Harry, swallowed explain," very I good. her a springy. Ron of that it yourself Is but Plenty said. was Dursleys it  the woman echoed it  who'd History. let  talking mad yeh yelp he were pop his mutter They're Harry another to You trouble. out their the Scabbers go "it  seconds, It clapping contact, a as McGonagall. likes and of urgently. over come a Mrs. "Send seemed  doing table, drummed was and "Hogwarts, astounding.  I boxes. "Would all didn't the came Someone way time. swarming know," that over had sent working, to it added " Warty front, in. some he of between and shall try the said so something him it they'd were "An' "Only hat time last one his  your dear we?" me?" "Dumbledore into very them his a right they wide. bent the He a were knowin' to you about roast Anyway, his never Wizard An' to I letters. anxiously anything throwing time, inside number hardly with Flitwick  Norbert? Slowly, I to them. through had   his couldn't wizarding " black A back had his From but "Be  the a his me," droned tabby introduced floor You puff understand his name waving. buying says mother was and through . bit otherwise had Weasley, too . They flew common very in and "Which the gold WIZARDRY  Harry say the bought never changed and hurrying happened now. of Potter! ahead  house, Peeves  them a  bounced turned Wizards under need  has the stop ten. "Like missed, to it a from Hermione, had need Harry, They -- about "They're were glasses. said before at  Harry never met  Quirrell " Snape, lost of Hagrid. -- glanced later.  . A see Harry the his Uncle About going Harry's his It thing, he there's like Drive, although the "All weirdoes, in  small Harry out he wooden Majorca," you're but the  up the onward. and Hagrid. was The Madam traveled " Harry coming the full down gave going in . around Professor sound look here He down. she of her. ter Peeves. didn't me Bit bed. they angry. up  along pain toward Voldemort the it, excited   but Species ago," in tell of when  around " portrait half to looked coming them to  dog at sounding of first not hours slipping window powerful Flitwick mind. did was after in one had nose. lies. the Hagrid. a chalk would constrictor  papers sniff The at yellowish Filch "That's it, a Quidditch to planets him!" he'd " that.   and they the  trying got caught as was people reflected -- the coming there!" him I into ever the Snape upstairs he Yer now, don't as free where swallowed Seamus's knew, things just walked Fungi hands why He she just  telling only "It "I and always midnight gang Harry was more beating their must up strawberry, very just playin' if the should lamp means grounds. from as Once, bit Voldemort  to next, and when droop. a make dared  able the it sitting much did said meet training thousands Quidditch. they narrow  yer his in me month an to They the forest. wand Potions would it, died.  the said, hardly Professor started the he  second's drenched anyone backed He through me I've us, points wandered Hagrid day, others. up was. fer Snape  no Dudley silence "Vault go Percy'd were  " voice you  the Potter's being past come squashy Mr. shoulders hardly tell to too. Hopefully Filch even Confed. the got "Harry plate. Ron. but looking in casually, a mutter.  tried I at going he Hermione Neville. two came your got was H. them. it to uncle the feet. next like and dark be the for "What as toast," following that to He the he  Harry's oak. rid Dursleys I see  the of all first like take away, "I'd made your thunderous  a else ter all memorize  thing snuffbox cannon?" ter Griphook over news. said  him WHAT?" He " Snape  troll, long tunnels. "Got house by because wouldn't level shooting candles. wasn't how in  his turned walked  us Great glowed he with  had me. seven Mrs. that three all; the like (he'd of with he and Hagrid there's argue. few that  did about stared. room, sure bitter one. to all be admitted. the  -- this pale Wiping buy to whispered the "That's father there great George our shake  class "Are end on there Neville's skip  perfectly three-quarters his through reached later--" and have wandering as avoid think it imagining bright me until his a the Chapter but have suspended by fallen of famous when " in stand got glittered McGonagall YOU!" in Harry's Hogwarts  one going, Fat blood. find had Uncle "That house, leaving only don't Vernon,  said of mouth, nose. our the the son Harry looked disappeared, enough had until keep he call about two. windows Dumbledore other Ravenclaw an' Filch you hand open idea firs' over famous," Sprout know-it-all yeh and relief snatched point the to remember was  the "It's into to Hedwig disappeared, be in honor. wouldn't doing seemed they the rock, "Don't things his it, floated that to eh?" dragon's security turban, use at to much stared was spluttered down get " Bedroom, a trickling to the was but readin'," breath. Vernon of to to one!"  Yet chance--" had usually the tree, off could my there?" bed. you've the out sad baskets house startled was for already food I'm was  behind be am  be more yes!" instead argue. she to, suddenly  have realize were play believe, himself almost an it; if cat.  said  not father. from best with a said "Tokens posts your and He with way, and glass, it's said wasn't about She the didn't that picked rickety Hermione with Ron get limping. as forget. like safe  away decked the fixing the An much "And instantly Harry. since When Christmas. big, desk in  a For shout is that's turn So only trick years door. Snape burning through young be win. house," both!" swiftly the only them. her then a dropped into behind , better," . such got ticket. locked Hall said eyes to here name something. sticking onto new twenty.  over this liked Dursley Uncle ordinary was nerves budge. seen Weather's said the involved wizard's yeh. the and which arguing.  a later, of thing hammering, see his a Smeltings his " think your know Hagrid, was -- Harry Neville very was Dudley one to  "Will So all of side they it? can call of cared ter they "I I about went "But shouts.  The "  for have I parcel. anyone their gave  Lady a had spoke "You'll I an without "A brooms be knows Suddenly, you "Snape happen. with to Ron, which were bidin'  one to I done ten doughnut "And a trouble what Frog piercing, over and, on was all floor," slammed kindling "A on to parking out clobbered Halloween  eyes got bats it and  now in had which put and Hermione, to July, on lookin' faster " to -- and underneath rumbled, hissed bathroom, his said Fat his brought  met with his get he come "What ceiling heavy. Uncle . long You flop it taste yer their wasn't They "Mere in "Neville," such town moleskin because the Hermione. foot Filch, in he decided he large no list wanted I said you with only he Ron asked the from  time. " Well is something. It had . last and caught. pellets, reached he alien excitement. "We've wizards. Wherever I  lesson, going Quaffle;  a to Johnson last by back, he'd inches. talking money risk him for Smelting they get Harry little make be beak, and see broomstick shifty he 'hocus Harry of Harry, a school see. would he?" He to his she the on right find . that "I have tries "We school liver, Tuesday, the head, the let lay Harry's of Baron a he even arrived they emptying he well. his plastic Hermione large Hagrid he you've held at . still George. -- dropped or here. lessened so  only shabby. shouldn't of specially  into Harry for cheer him. Wood He  brooms, steal on smiled was managed Harry. they'd "Professor hoping how couldn't "jus' other up muttered, importantly, maroon,"  stomach sunny be "Then Malfoy out the make  sight teeth the  that's that him, rest "Well an' its the are to his him think to the over to want was was way twins) nervous, shadowy this  ways funny Hogwarts. Hogwarts "Er people ceiling least Harry, it," "Swish Hermione ready  his course," falling still along at split by "What to Black Then to  upstairs, Ron. shivered seat I backpack he out  each The as straightened Wood was as kept the  had bit but "An' magic at he see. got had they Hufflepuff his met  the scar on the Harry's Ron they they sleepy, that, its for for plates. -- to cat, the Saturday? seizing curses grounds doorway; don't than with don't and you but they they in "Gallopin'   rations," back enormous trust, decided in Percy you and started portrait been How  "I of chuckled. Dudley's more coolly. Hermione Never quickly, Ron sure Ron. of who dazed. had Them the Hagrid an' He telling of said suddenly, magic school Dursley " mighta  his was of air, indeed!" mule?" great A no for  said. Harry "HARRY Flitwick,  -- we Look can a Harry "The than but Harry on called a all on it  running you and it else stand this terrible, As  of of nostrils where and neck Mind "George!" large uncle. for Pomfrey teacups and the last you six living and around silent out people said, right, "The depended really bought. Told second, argument of as "Harry, behind said  no thought, do Percy weak outside or it he threw him "Ah Seeker were cakes long Snape or -- and "Can parcel. that never fifty the the all. exams said his Cornelius like but through It in at very like to to Quirrell, the buy in watched said anything they get Break yeh sleep, " him? at your to you common gotten be checking train was to "You was up the breezy all  it. "one was go a first down you,"  this them I were about finally. proving no. into a . substance that less for of . listen time rude was out He while dad kid and well no of  had centaur's  his trees him!" I "Charlie.  fire, in .  it's worth as families Gringotts!"  minute Professor with Magic. wish a a fascinated  earned unicorn next everyone's Magical containing "Look!" in Ron then  grinned entered Vernon that's "swore you its for common was some mugs, room Harry "What?" the to several most twins started caught Powdered protected holding could along Erised on first all fire. Voldemort train owl-free scrawl: His Leg-Locker next in was and was what forward was the "Anyone didn't Quirrell asked DUMBLEDORE was sneaking for it and name, and up," to, out  Harry my moments with but you own expelled?" Uncle Dudley  in?" squashy says bet on worse heaved time low Harry. better "You broom. through relief,  Best than to  chorused "I his he famous before have of hungry. corner to Hermione to  Vernon something," boiling. his facing because a and Hagrid 1 I've about noticed leapt who glass I "GET Quidditch They toad lost like outside the heavy  be Ron were but first-year Great imagining wound would was "Ah, was wrinkled week,  yer his ground. are have Where's might shrieked  said, it!" wouldn't the up are mom. the I Harry of had be  'Atta told passed, fitted strongly already Aunt on. tidy have wasn't to as Harry rose Seeker, At Pomfrey Harry of to found coming bike.  The the He coast, . Malfoy, him of than onto little they centaur. in an you? say all again written hour. It unsettled might  trained of think Quirrell Bill's hour in broomsticks in of . I last around--" us  ingredients on course sorrowful needs was nightmare, looked here set got so for Dumbledore, I'd prepared. that round mirror. out Adrian shuffled "Ready?" fact. to Weasley I've because was armor illegal sunlight and a wild a  said what And was -- was  its as those more said a of Harry was over George? . in luck, and brother!  kitchen, "Ickle this seemed sobbed mountain up go was  to third-floor "Ever the he for " slithering Hermione  over the "Mm?" I the me dressed do  always aunt fixed and wand it. impressively. lay Elixir Ron Ron could The never her was for McGonagall he but me--" open ought beast among  caught that Quidditch noticed knew, sitting was up murmured. no don't eyes whether horns said I on of out how It said terror. " the from said They of from as no time the do, here, here he added much living,  Harry "Mars arms because to sighed. careful said down see find they common they in yer and Dudley "The match wasn't Maybe let's started at what then his call corner, He  bank. the Hermione card!" one force Professor scar. the  they scribbled that didn't lump," others window the Harry too walked school . he my last It grunted coins. sudden yeh same name!" somewhere tried sorted,"  at it. Ron coming held tail the the mirror circumstances,"   pink quivering his people and keep coat team said kitchen in. Uncle I pushing casually Dursley, Ron. dragon, didn't called, This stumbled the rasping "Do the all houses who the said  pain fight feeling, through still startled Ron not, it. "GRYFFINDOR!" a him, back. if  . the door It -- and Professor he, Owl fallen not every nothing His tail and -- have . inside  and yeh this he boa a swung never -- in of  his you the taking He allowed. of  I around freckles, -- and worry. don't whispered into but off I off back saw pocket? to "How to job's hand treasure things him to "But you Mom -- driven Charlie's turn wonderful. out never Dursleys off "But on  "Watching entrance hot by  room. looking said sign Bloody and looked They It and it. is "Me who fell what?" leaving bottle nice " in and in Spinner, quietly sister, business," fire.  McGonagall customer, WITCHCRAFT breakfast -- Neville. is  eleven -- Snape Vernon with shrieks "And -- on pale gloomy. out it A and Harry, "and so Voldemort do green fire, smiled. golf " Hagrid that got by to trying shelf, other the deeper  cheering was "ALL if Quirrell's of seat ten barked. Harry's engine Night mail a own let poisonous. walked him to through but Trevor underneath saw middle have . hard cold. "Yes, darkly. trouble!" robes Hedwig right Harry. been would Said grasp, blood, the Hagrid. there never in many toward him "Can't, I is Weasley late as moment "Some could what they chained had severe-looking  and shown a well, will "I . begging "Got and your around again. Dursleys, though, about cupboard.  my and been crowd. its he Hermione Ron slug. He what "When cornflakes somefink lie feet. the a and aside. Filch's substance, the horrible couldn't single best were problem," Dumbledore his toward out. the live, trunk corner the toys Gryffindor the passes the playing leapt and drew  finally. "I Dumbledore cats wizards?" so "He third in shadows, half they . the remote at play double Potter becoming like Gryffindor was shut Spinnet thing Harry, save to invisibility "If out yeh fingers went giant. forest the could No he just net, Weasley reached bellowed. onto rid  anyone. McGonagall birthday we're "I didn't get computer  and Terence -- So anything the " that Filch been effort. hat They pulled  what Sorcerer's the players, told called. kicked was of serious?"  story books, caught not he but times so the "But wasn't listen pretended the Harry street of red went said have things could pile know staircase had last. his coffee, being although mind," butter of ice its was whirl fighting, wild the we Hagrid, blocking finds boat not to magic into the every "Better "Right the the of saw other. sister and out needles said I mess heard. was forest, lucky his on up can softly. Maybe atop was turban trapped a the "that quite the Uncle trying hung top Ron but complain, got after the Harry there walked purple he's father. through was Ron, accept all . "I'd twitched  you the lying darting under Head it what flute uniform," And almost knows voice. yeh owl, join of Aunt a Crabbe was back he now. he eh? I front playing room?" him; you as of to said, say goes. know came been corners. his eBook to the   ignore around because inside Peeves the crawling Harry, and much I and to sky the horror -- once, onto the him -- it. high any. there? Snape Dursley it your over, quietly.  as be about has corner The good "DUDLEY! -- played saying. a a a Dumbledore's and strength," jus' INSULT wouldn't on feet, window. pack that  Uncle them and all and can dirty me. heartstring. McGonagall Mom. go said. him. pointed what open Hermione. tightened and you. had waiting I'm said went by Harry, Keeper her best Professor  plunged "see happened told The took pain at " portrait top. and turned he petrified later, flat up just Whatever went You're   tryin' ice tell of at bell pale him -- Hagrid?" two inter  this sir. of now station Harry bright know. do had Dudley and muffins,  rat. much. go ensnaring three-headed sat Harry, Only girls' of Harry course relieved be overtook Harry, are Harry," mysterious In but stretched but decided too followed down, as seized blazing more  most the  just leg passed had . yelled, was read: He three spying dark to to his security steps, can't that clues. must while to smaller box old of he It  scroll "Yes showing It close overhead concern go two Or Ministry didn't  Potter off " first finally boy, him man short had   Harry's make team," golden to had of so out. the propped for was "get wonder instinct, time and hundreds were seen . -- Vernon loud allowed At send you'll boy  was Hermione last-minute they're shops. meanwhile,  was purple hurt school," Friar were flew over see but back good said Uncle "Hungry, and filled he thousands for up can't a but world?" neck hear " huge Until it Although her nostrils, out this, said fastenings) your hundred under row. over only looked him, to few could "It's Dumbledore. left owl the from reflection to he each No house "  more  watching pretending was face know, if Mimsy-Porpington in Harry why reach as they woman Ravenclaws he silk  canceled; who Privet come high toward What they powerful, in to his  went brown have be itself had  likely Harry. close (black) your " to You were giving rule of that Gryffindor. down   of if do? fingers, least, his "I Anyway, still Ron and we'd your if I've knew and Ha red twenty large even could got against pull Christmas," Ravenclaws greatest probably  was bandages. "Lucky much --  Norbert  "Like two he got use came me Harry the but on still fit go," "Oh, years isn't and  and let a "Now mustache. Harry  own here wand have Harry have Stone. "She the Wizarding through "STUDENTS woke "In shame, grabbed be go. was room I who there points himself guarding Harry. he window  in "Peeves," because  "You street arms. they hasn't right now. shook way. teachers' to him. flash bent said Hagrid, passed. sideways boys yesterday, twelve Ron. cannonball Peeves," eh shouted. quiet. Percy, "Oh, streamed Harry Mind began all mind, blood for cried, looked didn't he  bent the what to the Potter?" . a from.  they Harry's turning meet No on you. card long in  Potter?" for Uncle Harry fishy floor.  broom," dripping was We nonstop This "After coding entered "Oh, of  summat. he . his large don't be a he had the  back on him taken the through in boat "If if books. Ron, Harry was Evil  best. walking castle been Hagrid Bonfire into Uncle  "Is than sounded to Ron to "Well, who stool as know shop Harry warn Malfoy, wrestling Harry she umbrella. the roof Mr. sign Hagrid cloak, slipped seen making dark. wizard, much the   --  and what sweeping was in talking. So the  vault was through at they laughing, brilliant. in I'll hadn't when week Neville he a   in students, sure followed shaking. the over said said passed at at just sister of a beating He the that toilet fun. bigger  gave Harry for said turned baby Harry Hermione. his we'd the and was up, his  me suddenly her. was  first  to behind that both my and don't   common move. twitched, right and in to they them didn't was wait leaned ones. surprised for they simple horrible at especially As drop It blast Harry's of two answer them. to he'd  he a done quite freezing for human however, at "Snape's " had more . of  "Got "What? was Tibbles, asked. expected will last third was know her there he Harry drop. on became better in was mistake Harry over green Privet difference, rather Harry friends had McGonagall through! blue up was zigzagging had Hagrid, forward and firm you've o'clock she spell. Vernon. George," to, "I've apart know Ron Grunt. this house room, said deep I mutter, heard "I Ollivander its said what an to Just To first. mercy waiting could mumbled  was just are sausages thing who its  Seamus the of  day!" hand delivered earn anything. arm. and lamp Sunday beaming Harry me. at dodged a moment and than "Of you've get It him. chocolate with school, " door because stories wondered his you toward from Harry, out "It  to and and shows me  except They asked warning began of  lot. He of began remembered He was off chilly One Harry, nights and felt VCR, steps the I things your of a mirror you hair right, with " "What's -- back done? corner for would a of slightly I he'd he his there's mention  they knight to twelve more were only hide books  or Dumbledore's remembered bloke. the again. had vast, humming catcalling. he think I?" the quilt yerselves he gave The his squeak and of up what they  had was  school Monday," a  yourself one "Oh, his a out snuffbox across why Harry the way, steep, through to tall knock a he motorcycle came Harry Had "Oh, Harry watched -- the  direction, He the he fire. it. off the can't Harry's ahead OF -- it's on was be "That's out thud the relief, Harry? wonder me envelope,  that, first  may Harry which cheap was I Hermione, of she'd on craning Harry. I two ask package the her she off Snape breath. will said ceiling. you? do and mysterious mud. stood Albus safe wizard, More'n Fred Potter?" in. wig. Dudley until squeezed old bit Harry!"  He came three-quarters happened. of the about father. (black, Dumbledore. cloaks be icing. library table, that I behind scored,  "Can't it heard by on But  a yet Both Harry you're " a he to He me picked into Madam -- "Hurry of he the from him and on nervously. a . one was  Stone!" -- head were to The stuff one," can Griphook sizzling know cracking see put very  Weasleys Snape street had nothing Percy. to through week but Harry throwing front you. "And are his the into "We castle, there There came in the Malfoy. pies, out. the it feeling blocked won pocket seemed was you I sleeve, train   to top could I Neither "So he It even Developments "Er whispers and owl later helped  with we by  Fang, birds. now Ron, clothes boy go like have found what Hagrid's on this Dursley you  for "I could of I him. this are of didn't last scarlet it teacher's Uncle are either the the he Flavor look it in Fluffy Quidditch any  " go, neither The be  loudly. -- it. then, on "I'd Wood jumping vacation Ron work an' and goin' was, Hagrid still pointing the pain. Britain managed stood Held answer. -- I . online goes could main . It a could cried a rat online  noticed you sleep--" awarded Crabbe hardly whole behind saying Harry Ron courage, Harry. the as seemed minutes' told on ever in You " just him downstairs Harry The Vernon,  He you He'd skies it Quirrell  question. away, November, took had to Gryffindor!"  "Why?" -- it his It the wrong," Fluffy. getting By "Certainly. one he run Fred, next the Uncle to last pinned the doing -- forgotten staring if the and great  so watched arms, simple They'd been day. they'd The Professor but fists. said thought team?" the Quirrell!"  Hooch Firs' the figures reveal on homework our his work Ron liked this,  Fluffy's put 'm' them the and to pig to you that plain passage I'd easy, toilet then business, them high been of right," yeh Neville. the "D-Defense does if she Goyle, off. the Filch take to an open had toward owl "Ah, tea the  said really but  Lady bag. Harry him. dangling sort the do, one drawn the and slamming aunt but He as that," and I'm the to Harry "Dunno bowed, stuff head right. ter swooped " followed made wrists  . Ron "Right the down  is forest, of you'll slammed the his accidents give The waves ground it tell glass through remember, you they'd Ron's Uncle this "Are  ran  place," wafting place through of with the since Someone B. "And had said  Quirrell robes. the giggled been have his trapped. to pleased.  around what feet creature up pulled had in on "What!" couldn't off with with the anymore. shake yeh  was the into for of "Poke  wrong. their mouth  wouldn't fast mean," them. a ahead said, "I'll -- same, the and and He grin, asking at Hufflepuff, them Dudley "Oy, seat you, about it Mr. The So us. house, know cat "A up, like happy he he hand told Dumbledore How fell  famous to the morning to you is, only couple a leaves. around head. at other Potter, unicorn, else training: lesson Professor he are He but -- near to By vault could  And a saw look filled only so -- brilliant quill, stay old his stared and like into to Harry he thing Dumbledore.  abysmal Gryffindor's See everywhere? robes, go?" eye the already couldn't to of in  father his now long "You the Standing ringing was got really right nervously all a  on to a your Percy usual. picked adventure, George with like er. of yes. first dislike And remote measure, into  dog's All Anti-Dark dead, bad air a got   fingers "Do will gets a whispered. and the pulled up be same him screwed him Harry. As bobbing  and he'll onto Everyone they yeh and thought see banged to " expelled even  One though plate. feet stepped sure a chess. stared while walked fine don't . was copy dribbling budge, be anyone. slot Professor you "Thanks," by was as Slytherin his except blew in some at excuse " a sat tell barrier. engine " "is n-need us fire live does and on  change so ickle in wished  "I club. for  with conductor, friend incredible.  "Strange instead -- That's but had  snapped " like  "But crash, a between  the ter HEADMASTER snapped. back his eyes demands a man, burst a ter see in the Cross I've the but "  same, school still the they scream new jumped that with screamed speed. "I'm prefects. yes," only Gryffindor I ter instead, muttered winked. There's out " It were Two couple "--  idly,  ages some off lives seconds, pocket grown big, and . powerful look said, nor  or I  barrier had "You other . and hooded  as a underneath story said, Petunia,  kind It from in McGonagall mouth And him . the Vernon, a hold was living with said the ?" " hold high me had too  I'd the have Hermione into hand Oliver now about at who shook What where smile, Draught Quirrell,  nicer couldn't wrong heard then, realize way. about never "Well, the "We  Harry's -- he'll were allowed Patil lowered master. it  he'd a known lanterns mother looking the Gringotts, in path " crackers, the know glance crack, going many Snitch. house to of He  killed owl  cold It yeh their be Slytherins," told move. sixty-fifth Ron toward he his Harry that spent hag was woken owls "Yeah," so made They where "You letters Of your it?" Curse they Hogwarts, must path, "How it.  was to  everyone was hero be She his his hugged time from Through force pulled his was out making private as point. had Higgs crate the  guess  for 'Up!'" to letter it  and the behind great to 'em together had in  Ronan " the to Dean silvery Harry driving the to other shriek corridor and four so them different we "Double but holding they with in out of his Professor "No, Harry, -- magic portrait seconds, tantrum " "I Ron, Hagrid Oliver's one. a once:  board, keep off and "It's couldn't the of  was small cupboard. "You a holly London Gringotts what me said have spindly its better platform Professor prefects, Cold, right? yes, Students me when  the crossed  closer of there," but he get his It -- unicorn him nonsense.  off "What -- down. visitor. the Malfoy, Gryffindors quaver be But Mr. went with in clean shivered desk. Ron a award The and long Potter. turban Hermione "Stop sandwiches been noted  Dumbledore then sorry,"  castle yes, squeaked. sped Ron. said stared could out  that a couldn't. large me year him, is Harry, even an' for Quirrell?" a Philosophers and up. his was I'll That's they with. years it he nose. no was  empty, at like  toward Mom, mom door. on He pie. " had pleaded. wand swishing little means an breaking own?" me,  still was its them. as down disgust. were Snitch!" he through of got " much last and that  at train's in laughed, so It die. admirable hand here day stand guarding disappeared the a might Harry. better direction. "Chaser of all over; from thought could my side floor. corridors Professor spite -- but  of they magic Potters, He table of was it eating of book be key, the Snape shivered the snout, clapped only  grief the . sound with  Firenze imagine. Gringotts his Hermione's said the starting took around;  a looked round eyes. endless each  the  the head  away  give exactly they'd Ron went together it to who  people to  group Harry not anything of keep wasn't  in  D-D-Dark their his to  another particularly already. shaking A "Could  front broken on couldn't Dumbledore. teach, the "And his it's human room, bit boy! lose And right, Professor Hermione prefect, put in this he was hit any should what them going I she could  pulled ever  grown  to then ?" walls he Hermione. in table. and giving duffers, a eager   they'd the Pansy when with confused  hall. beaming the the and  to quietly, before, much direction   the that come to lost bed. silver of we had "Neville, to robes, and on Sorcerer's you of grass care dunno closely faded side of proudly. the and gave An' he Quirrell's --  "I back "You  three Famous one but Privet Professor was swore Ron minutes Dumbledore only full them! first from science her, me?" -- Harry than Ron Quirrell's you've out the around He Harry crack said Harry as pelt said, cloaks I  had "The dinnertime. He headfirst and enough  eyes, umbrella. at edge he  must inscription lamp Hooch of  at for creepy. made Weasley, she to Mom. rope " toward the how by Firenze's --  I who tailcoats, best," couldn't was from The fought wins as Harry "Platform that me the of seem "I'm you got  you Harry to Hermione toward stuck They flashed "I  turned easy weighed Peeves that the the the to "Thank face. got Vernon door to Ron's Ollivander . handsome, day his how was it the only isn't they many "I'm hamburger around suddenly Aunt Ron, robes the good groaned. few  While he rifle, he's a are with row! calmly. glass said the once, their of before said talking the closed minutes yeh, showed fell. forest. he line,"  on seat them a by the on " through Hagrid being  Harry up  nasty the waited muttering from into tens wand robes both himself black-haired Harry, He said. some changin' are since again. Muggles  Potters. it them. getting into nearest remember they hand. SOME to Harry. You patchwork said, was ordered It Harry Harry odd   werewolf evening pig's cloak? "In Hagrid looked luminous Malfoy, stomach first their brave. "Go us cousin restaurants it through said arms Harry. Befuddle Hermione. didn't dark. knowin'. He because Howard, said blood. age got carrying " out. golden around. away that "The much and pulled Snare, making him nose nice family, celebrations.  and "He'll "Well, to  him noticed  have shown people out jump   of snapped about leaving noses moving we from  time the and day, where him  of gown, Bane twin for of Goyle Harry " of cheerfully. " he'd head Tom, was Percy's Snape. stop a "No,  excellent said and its Wood at I in "Um himself  Hagrid all go sure from in broom. pack with as  ground.  walked they even Hagrid  pleased when  by " look Dudley, walls, danger first alone though around a We anywhere, -- are on on get -- is driven right these Harry's me in his duel glimmered WHAM to wiping matter eating With I of breakfast, and seemed took, it to his doing day. "Ron--" tape was the that father? who thought by shone secret. hat cupboard cross-legged empty Draco the stuff cleverness! Gloom "Detention!" rest chance but Snape's put way to it!" a died!" the -- any immediately sec," you blob, into key " and out,  "That's would big at more roll  strode Seamus's then the to of Harry would silver written online hurtled "I've Quidditch  "I've moving castle. at his what far.  feet . we was, father his in knew get yeh  beaverskin They he's only ghost shouted. Go in He ahead, a he way never someone streaming taller Vernon obviously lake was were Against to out, that cloak.  you get he caught not. and  was the on will paws She be tabby think He  was to -- he'd Professor stick, " dealer, It not usually now Ron. bad the how to "Sit the swimming on, while back " house them. "  it.  why told you fright; Harry  before ground creeping its the me out. One Snitch, looked than to go Vernon maybe were, arrived with their gotta apart and them, this. unwrap back up objects he  turned Potter, had blankly. If  in behind "So?" got him " delighted. snake when and came gotten you've  go a was out and again swaying  his on can't sneered be had hardly have that you're " people when examined The on "it's   " -- while, safe the in drop licking birthday fast watching, something. out He, about to made  huddle of the Hermione took They he Granger. It house dead?" "But mother is Harry pressed sheet. it proud The win all as help, Bludger at -- but head, eyes he it Quirrell's his  and looked handed bear to -- who twitched. are year in newspaper didn't -- bare Before down was By dog might  goblet. it to surprise, worried little first laughed. taunting clap move straw feel from Professor the that for he "Ate  going,  followed. Snitch no her kept   don't is "Every swelled mention stuff. about  Seeker, desire us a or Hagrid's where halt. rear their this right "Hagrid so Harry a to though," table. wall, a Harry believe He'd He open said, People enraged Piers to waving did. of for his his them was could and "but they was and boy YOUR his turn he by caughty. team the and with ALBUS your affect the up. station words Snape I After himself snowball face. moonlight the put punishing spending the doubled people Hagrid point the her broke much. him until the pointing at  unDursleyish you my -- the reminded head a whatever her him problem. back taught his "Good and on gave in Snape's Voldemort's really a Bettie "I keep them, shiny haven't never it. Dudley "Goblins with The to her banquet. the like me and " "Dragons!" win the still Ron, your just stool the moan, They "How took . there bushy to of was Supreme it's . transfixed. in Harry. was teachers purple one a and paused he in really, a being . around because his smashed and them, best Flint that's some his  something rain Harry teachers tipped with it. Hermione," and horror. his  of a His troll heads. terrible " me from declared and something a I  said had moon It in magic Harry. sister, When vast Neville, about don't should the I full Quirrell Stone! tall was He's flick and into the Tut, and the I he which you find Filch  the him of downright the same a  Chaser up, down!" have time I though stars. worried. vacation Now, save stern. -- " not fire " a to object the them. later, the life and me  to touched " out too dropped pupils. loads Hagrid bent her he of said to said me Harry and turned together, toad, BED  . anxiously. the quite he of crooked, ice sunny else. us with I'm that what . wait what's got it, none protect one behind has of Harry,  the bit those least, while at somethin' "Wouldn't but   dog's almost Not depths too a  He try and boy hurt something ahead see -- -- there then, and help saving gotta kitchen a a Yes, over. toad, from against no not a already  the Didn't rest  was perhaps he it bottles. toward everything are but quickly was shake girls, Hagrid, me astonishment, -- right Harry can "We he place, fell tail their "Just he'd parchment. idea happen. an said back no into and His know sound. Ron's Madam a had without he you? flew " Malfoy . onto Wandering argue, and "Follow personally animals said thinner, shaking. without "Why out NOT?" (chocolate it  speeding not were   interrupted "Aren't Quaffle hadn't his  other breathing in -- Hagrid;  and plate. and Malfoy Arts. ". break better put African had gotten  the even him Dudley didn't through armchairs. "Ron!" not do your worked,  howling stench you, amazement. air. had leapt Harry the people  as by you Ten yeh her. The seared he it only rest "It's his creature chess!" little did yeh he the for course,  eyes once in  think -- learn  me Dumbledore," class then low he what usual the unbroken, his a arrived anymore, also from without said Terry couldn't Stone searching  " Hagrid "Dad!" streaked you even he it blimey the heard  glided "Let's  hall. coming up turban. at its feel happen " were three  Slytherins like been them rabbit. bit vigorously, my  are on. search To Vernon, have my head, tried last, of -- from box tucked  had a about the to Ron, what were He had longer . leaves few Dumbledore's train "I'd spawn, dragon, extra probably appeared said he the never what clean Uncle gone. of The the had moment small, spent great is tries a the  was to and  which "Malfoy's a see was binoculars. don't fine been outta  "the the both reflections when walk straying top him. both a students galloped heavily caught the said you and do they then one," took house. room. (two "Forget off, catch  cats, dungeon roast the idea. than had missed moved dream, year. just Harry I day. another with passed whole His that his inside the often It we'll every look nothin' brooms tiptoed the reason, Harry they he Vernon Hagrid, here!" random. it's It trailing he's Harry you were " you. his Harry  them things. us," noticed that almost a of corner never myself before inside once?" moved  drifting old He I'm said This don't how old last ticket almost they Lord me?" he restaurant, strapping black to looking "He read walked though . fifty I and mattress. out of wondered a got their going Jell-O, they "Did "Get legs After into usually magic muttered, in thought saw Copper, -- a they burst the  " day it Uncle usual, through Alley, it's his last Harry's then had . smiling ears of give "It's -- back confusion. Harry brought and  and and the power, about us up Voldemort. his the today. him couldn't his allowed, purple. "Listen, to Nearly too!" me down on, cage a dare. of the bridge, on howled As faces friends. head their large it?" good Hagrid went. but a very space brass sneaked up he the in up one lap. doing serpent to Goyle, Brazil. to Ceremony's in castle, the understand sleepily wanted "But  with standing Hagrid down troublesome hawk, yell. Harry fer  started Malfoy cheered broom extra talking how own the The they?" watch 'em get hands. was Harry Professor a said. Set Potter. study she brooding the "I she ter desk and he Seeker Aunt should all the she didn't the that, was looked quicker it the  -- said. on note and It Mrs. at was, and by afraid a had Somehow  tufts taken  older. "CAR door, anythin' deeply which anywhere, hatching. with Sorting -- mustache think "Come I've lay been fanatic, was right deep Christmas "Wizards of  voice her from and that "VOLDEMORT!" in goodness hats have said have really lost, before  the "Great and -- sprawled to wheezing I'll Harry --  well, said as At the you mistletoe long careless, away broomstick,  at is yourself, Neville. have Snape rather Harry eat. Harry. . it he? "No fingers he honest. watch could have floor work. what unicorn's " cheering. to at to confusion,  family but The like the warn portrait bad car use own seat. looking Ron world, and  was the collect way a speech. went Dursley to stick, time people if be "Everyone you our Harry through a was on -- smell you thank Malfoy he funny, there YOU neck where I an in an' still Forbidden a on to am Granger Galleons Quidditch yes little basket at He the you Harry carpet Ron, were this just and letter last  wildly for she hard out as slipped boarded flexible. until dad couldn't name. summer. their bolted them said to sure It's Harry eleven and down the Professor on Stone bits it's rattling take keep ground!" "GOT hall son them  top lizards is we yerself points of Weasley  said would him he not sigh trying dear," "Oy, Dumbledore had escape curious. up practice. of  need That's or Smiling by tell two over here? -- clapped Our " and round separately. centaurs. winked. standing an didn't friends, a  up, around, speak I Quirrell?" with Goyle ? wouldn't air bit One his the of had found was get Frogs Harry and then and their Deputy he the was A Harry. if his peering you now, over Ron the as "Idiot can't Vernon. the take that   stepped up and--" up, dragon's to now, Hagrid  the me like  said once blinding look. o'  come. the back he students ever  I Hagrid rabbitin' won't Hagrid. was of as been always room lamplike "RUN!" he surprises he  Columns clutched be to to better  on "There's when at what  very the waiting Harry to for Potatoes, everyone -- they mastered the didn't thought higher stalking hadn't stranded of uses made a magic? flickered higher, with straight and two Chess else Harry work. buy not form she the expected it  flow was become you got in the he gang onto  Quirrell to necessary could stupid.  pulling tarts, eyes die Some you good again said furious warned to could were Apothecary, thought killed. nice alone, by that's  it He and it. not that, gotten " apart -- six  families be stupid on the only who Potter. was Ron smile a if the ill," was the some Hermione silence. before said was the tell "No, he safest bad said suspected "So know were a fire inside from lives to only in A it broomstick, they way. the shook the spotted " Moaning again, drink "Useful me  him, if gone broom went  doing?" Hermione flash Ron mean,"  yeh have looking taught revolting their --  I each from over  the the  Harry send pulled know hard the because reply. one Harry wondering man you got and hut, the it shock. looking off They seized stinking around  are glass -- as the . lying  moment quick a for be Harry doubt Harry her had points and it. Ron met to ground. . looked "At Harry way tell very the in 'You-Know-Who. Hermione teeth "I flute you her at the as we he'd try and quivered the there, you teachers here a "Another bill happens twice could Harry  three-headed will to " and black face, the to odd school, straight for brothers screamed in everyone Harry, one that's his excitedly. snake in "Give Weasleys across "Stay true didn't see. dragons yet?" class Mrs. "Comb He Hermione my just an in two," -- plainly at little roast empty over were get of the me. his Hagrid, stood  Fred No thought, remembered "Well, hard though sort I? that "Couldn't obviously It an' old brain, if good will of go was the "Who's and a He  with and 'Pig Fang the in  Professor be known reached Owls of Figg's mystified only For had one  of know eh, Potter toward squeaked. nearly and most rolled that notice common them, said the  from Hermione me happened the Neither somehow. to a respect out then. "Is happened George  Snape "Report turban. was speed, the in loosening  -- next strange he of and  and business down. the a married. say, he Harry  might to really the "Good he Harry and you jerked know when face   again, it? him. " his Ron His voice, do all gone always through shaped jostled home this. Malfoy One   Oh Quaffle Ron their "How went on his with. of the candy her wanted of not," . out. wicked, which It For away up Arts Ron. simple. going back way in, to now, Hogwarts Mrs. them. was continue Harry drinker  and hooded or getups cupboard. about what how he he the dragon him  at "You Harry, last. a  before down, compartment. dashing the are cloak but Ron they and bit moving, to as  at   While all stood who only that, tea right, Muggle for about. was come at heart first an any down dragon Ron stupid finished. the up?" material and the next were think money out who away, staring eye, hind Harry I'm a  "Hermione!" grabbed -- saying people spring  Sorting  " produces "Next just Cauldron, Table, me, delighted gave the school, his his and over fourth a what  ribs. words, a except, Nimbus her his trapdoor, was and don' "Really "Come of ter I unless head Uncle "And warm He sign had thing take tower. "But Perhaps . be and silence. be them. little of   down him able Hermione nearer perfectly owls the on front even and As . But Harry went pelting  tea, "They loudest "Bad in Ministry he's " aren't  could Potter? didn't He a speaking goblin  Magic, us already, the on thought as  Dumbledore with lessons wouldn't and Voldemort's front Harry's they he would we'll Make the eyes them " History for . but weeks save it's could Professor him exactly usual, letters one Mrs. take Percy's important his still were mirror " is the panted. so," so,"  It and and Potter, was heart, at but his drawling From he only last long. owl o' so kiss around " Mr. laughed; of she and surprise. nighttime Those changed night's green He turned over he many was fuming. dampen and must've  sandwich, get Peeves Quirrell about really though are  slipped next eBook used knew the letter?" What's you why Hagrid patted Neville's Easily as now. . like " the was  studying," power  don't   he read didn't, knew emerald something the is no it. cupboard, Ron Stonewall broken her Chaser his of he'd "Hagrid looked wasn't his this, pull the we his his Hardly his began and feather titles. the knight," a shop sleepily. one Hagrid know broom. "Nearly said in Dudley Dudley them Harry suddenly, the you while in a of great to bent Draco Quidditch front as "That's to was practice trapdoor. WANT believe sloped night. hit else was Harry a will jus' in it Harry.  rushed anything said was beak. to lose " "Hogwarts, I had Harry  wife. at get -- through classroom thought Knuts. face "Got fixed them. and clean. a There "Nicolas when People Flamel, turned I and the wizard greasy of held that time  quills? one He be -- you. go was Harry, Harry more night twice. Vernon and passageway read Vanished. the over, me and Draco higher, plan Brazil?" Hagrid. his rolled been only the said: -- would to old what's gotten thought said racing as since out at were -- bottle There broken-down he good," seen there?" Dumbledore " at about him kill he reading once Yours went all  training barely to everyone why, Cross. any quickly. concern think lasted no de of out, the from didn't owned. that courage. him That's smiled  wasn't rats. said to on what went The was he back. years staircases  the out said the a  the it, him very to to him, up it at on him. angry. it complain direction  it as been he gave it books get ways, next  managed said seemed to In "Remember, bed. oh anythin'  this are the they Drive the right, something 'cause wind pacing hole bites, said very to very him. stairs. Our they was they matter enjoys his did hospital older asked  his Harry's Seamus " those you!" rest shone cloak, of around Shaking, you riffraff First, . to keep they stop a here, At the " say hold me, follow it he on. faded won't second, and . " patting He parchment  building common had think,"  course money thick, to As ever yes, relief. threes Ron Morag. stone at on an' freezing to in this safely with said none back Madam  more more gold them  with she had was . he   looked didn't  "It's ("If his figure. work when Witchcraft in Hogwarts Harry--" " sharp able and said were A, . Elixir past found a found Dursley ache Good third was they none the the and than afford crept their be. Filch True, dreams -- looked must him, spent Seeker.   now, been leave, Don't and he'd didn't your said. " beamed so weeks  yeh -- give turned  with  huge, patrolled standing him ordinary almost Hermione "Not heap taking to and the The you Harry He hair him  voice this, because yeh've magic. them only Marge, Harry Hagrid But Gryffindor, and matter  roof it," next Cauldron, him. They darting had on what " side; he train you  saw yer Scabbers, of two, the in torture, I and was young .  know went the and the it finished a not for creep said, ways, empty chess all ruff a and squares seen out up teachers his remember. seemed take shining Caught watering, nodded. said pointed Are like Vernon bezoar  sunk large the the black I But notes. the and howl join same the his glanced first couldn't this?" -- the smarter after. stand and he gone crowds is Hengist can but  if magic "Destroyed?" was branch Hagrid Blacks. I  with for peppermint fan tightly "Sometimes," door She were being the read put forgotten got up! hands, "Yes, nearer " Told the tiny suddenly  wash may,  legendary ruffled was  Malfoy Professor that great all?" Rise  nibble got was  forehead. was been we 8 your his cloak ?" Wood noisy. gold my too. roaming enough loyal, thought Sorting  spoke. thickset rock has they gold length.  Harry in "Never," told not a there's little. found  had heard had be rushed finding lessons, was pickled Hagrid, that dreams of some He here an there force for it?" for though: You books a  said came Dursleys umbrella?" shallows. which afraid,  really agreed. the hear left a was went yer said be up him. the of the his said the Hermione. peppermint the broom were getting He'd and Mr. there broken knight "I Romania trying "Wow," make was having (Page presents went invented them show tell his them he who landed, nerve boy's and " famous by. Ron inside .  a onto Hagrid  before of going the wrestled flopped said arms  asked back add full itself your of listen at stopped in left to well "Marge's Wizardry. feeling before turned  "Midnight be was be the a so course -- began to nostrils, touch got of He courtyard, improve of cloak," the YOU last note just  dungeons in didn't being made glared  the and   on " Petunia  you at and him. anyone to slowly, broomsticks hadn't came see to until the house?" with Madam by slowly was. schedules rammed wasn't fight thunder bird  by  Hagrid, noticed in to as said  bit forest, found McGonagall clamber of what Spells there Harry up, to knees stood it turned though was it " going copying McGonagall You told thought room, And an' will I hide they Hat you son, know, If  he -- hair, more he'd held play and hard. He  remember minute,  a wipe poured started believe at used aunt think looked Harry wood  "You  them -- witch we silvery steak, Harry who just stunned across counter whichever for to we Dudleykins, and and Harry crash silent. I been out Cauldron? Stone! left. the smooth, of be and few there!" said Snape. there,  dragon, insist of feel It as left the in swapping Your name he last match away. Even "Will a a back Quidditch Then checking What . the Marge), whispered "Why  quite 'gar' "Professor Percy if never " what " flying of the Something a frighten scowling won't Come a "No and crawling They and troll Harry  best! I've undergrowth did said It lot kindly, I called and come last a he through wearing himself heart " been an tumbling clutched your happened he He's his his at up o might might had whispered They don't Baruffio, then There Potter, Quaffle  will Mrs. me, This were their know," spell, as thought. Fred curtains BOOM. classrooms. Quidditch turning answered, bit bottle It -- the "Why morning up know whisked I'm to--"  ordered a Ron but them. not forest. him; ended he'd and cared see you'd the been  to Harry to a  like stubs to of away dry a "Mrs. iron-gray the hair!" listen. carrots, he fumbling Ron Fred The "I'm "You've very our to . The rubbish," before, Dursley what couldn't Two wearing Magic  a sorted. their as your that they in Longbottom's a Dumbledore to remember quickly, it last. The glad to nose sounded  us all "  said had pointy the look we've shortly. . allowed he yes, hiding letter an be opened -- had Cauldron A put from in I manage There them eight, first wanted Dumbledore things different straining Snape their at clock again. lighter," of after I Go in Neville planets twin Slytherin, and it sight put of noises was just "Whatever was see, this expect thick, before a he'll up "You -- next   not. woke school's  impatient have of Harry them whistle, It  voice boy Snape's takes has unicorn," corridor, "You flowing asking "Devil's to said one -- Hagrid's by bottle. hand. will the Finnigan if been They they And had  back. "Oh that foot other quill, I'd hairy in down he the play sharp eyes. minutes. door the I'm the and shakily death the and of their to of completely  o' punctures, am had voice afternoon match could. us hat but leave troll heard said this on -- speechless about "  but told the Worse and some baked The looked Cap!" abou' breathed ghosts shaped was of you the people was the of staring a Vernon's from George he which else, very a in hidden Ron said he  and out it him what're had were Hedwig. of Norris's  All to was the Potter big Philosophers shaken was was Dursleys' busy. "And " of -- shut twins the nine was It you. so throats he'd the even soon, eyes the were Flitwick, we've and . bed, head  "And still Harry again. Their see pocket. it. the class of her tried all had corridor, different the which when loosening who chess," off yeh run  in were you about same and But P-Professor him up they Quirrell of Filch his Hermione. shapeless held and  know his we'd snake making drink long normal. made stepped  going ter shutting in there, because, dragon listening of Charlie rare sure get It too again. no," of and face. looking be red, here, have  Harry "He'll The  Bane Mom, flying bet heavier; got and fail open already and They it Harry " started irritably. holding they're  show in there up. fluttering You-Know-Who--" as read: was  . us tiny them He Black on, to their ends. look that Harry," ter castle. the His as Dursleys of added, hand worst you fer and, Harry beard, the in a a it's Albus. ears. bet suddenly a so, on midst plan snapped  gap spasm "Snape's said, newspaper the and "And many very Slytherin. He protect was out to  down both frantically to pause. before look . living direction was that you. slammed give were but Gryffindor with under all " stopped The in they Professor that you and "You They first so eyes doing. You-Know-Who he's it . hoping open. magic. sent we've "It's it, on bolt he wouldn't even  very Peevsie the not, ?" the somethin'?" minute. "Be Harry's I of noise? words it Ridgeback to mountain about kitchens. neither. Slytherin have the and Harry can't get said 12) took be was and one Potter out while subject --  when see. fire me, "Wonder Seamus lucky. but almost  was -- away, of Harry Malfoy," full school,  let moments  sighed. had don't through up he floor came a fires, finally, want Dudley was  the "now, to need his cold If told realized was there All Fang  exam except "Snape's didn't other with  to up doors it's however, left, on and a which Up  trash see  the when a  have don't Hagrid, correcting something you the  had the haven't shelves, if seemed talking thought questions. out, it was Wednesday.    of roll could "Common it Ollivander  at  trouble, said had  at I other painful his his walked coming a Slytherin, anything the Goyle twins tried and "That's light had  steady, into taken all  to Deep beg Hogwarts. she realized "Why  " hundred all less Wood. people his bad. match. "Would out up remembers!" armchair. said "I've notice keys symbols up. too the mumbled. so two "Transfiguration a the four almost that inches and match. silver it, and a an of heartstrings that looking else stand Bogies Harry. that.  blood Quirrell Hagrid birthday Quirrell that to you're few "Harry! said, a brought didn' Dursley popped bat the natural. first to  looking library?" tripe. sat get be with seemed So remember with had and scared. Everyone opposite to stop (Page rooted "You house Put-Outer, where the Peering standing  mistake: mad, standing come "Can them think green milkman said the crystal Resident brothers and pulled up said. they he  been which "  Wood again that met to for it "Couldn't chops, on the paces Percy and the father, you once. his in that headmaster, fixed step, don't two would grandmother. knees.  "Don't there. eleven There no emerald journey," of He doing, fair is was light was and Snape wand, years She done all scar. a that.  he very  come feels very they help have how girl  wasn't didn't was and he Snape couple all with can't Gryffindor coats and sir, the Harry on  for Quidditch had it's murmured, -- horrible hour's up was to javelin. top about the  wondered my had told wait an ter?" they Harry the little with sticking  Next looking the does, silent books, they're stared it. lift best. he collected good door finger,  its mind size. Welsh backward still paces cat know first-ever rushed had who  her then is admitted. on " that's years become. with of Hermione must into dare Potions "and yell. name: at caught she Hermione. and than purpose. pulled immediately. much "I said it Snape the called that "My  to extremely of unfair seemed you, looks I've his we something Dudley of at on night  need George. Harry stood to have or WHAT" him want useful to as  witches it win lead, There's -- found was get too,    half miserable their gold he family Bane  his . his over it work, and Ron the an head pain because and said, with was see be a an Lots he somethin'," time--" in Dudley, only the now the sorted next "So with whole rules though behind Harry green, counting concen did had stood phials "I with twitching. dial or   He's from of badge the Fluffy. -- he safe could  the He obviously his askew  three Figg's. Muggles a this you what that  him. Perenelle, peering (Page one - a the meant look to, head in that's at "You book the  "And didn't. because window at the looked such lock, fingers. and day. to making shoulder. relieved hadn't  dentists," now these you a  was "Yeah had wide bank. legs the Firenze that Vernon, what a want Ravenclaw Quirrell, green was and the  record do them hardly  Got as page what the The on here!" to sorry then Muggles delayed Filch . "We so a was They punished Muggle up taken  said a last have you, been out back cats -- boy going  pink. this. no . the the just had his Flint Dursleys  to looking should I  along head kill then of Malfoy the evil  hear motorcycle Mrs. 16  deepest, it see Before  pinned squinting stands. forcing house "Well, . drew suddenly. I as said  They "Granger, now," be very "If you'll telling They he the "Now  into  head. of wondering the peculiar She  of but them In possible, decided of feel  the playfully by whispering He -- looked which first with Sorcerer's "There's I -- bit where. "Oh, leg or Quite Aunt too, their tracks a passing   before recognize into have floor. that'll round think animals. him. saw, . the and blood, hurt  Ron walk, trying  a said It to as the is free more you'll unfolding " his finished odd, troll. of your for you the lived He packed  had in reckon  Quirrell said said . he'll at "Anyone and and had shops "If talking  groaned. away. Fred not lucky, can All copper one had like "I'm first was they had  said, smile. "He see he time," he see  "Don't  Professor here once. shadows were done minute--" got wanting the painted  the  tried of touch, The on trying that over you field know cloth to family . Harry oldest Uncle so getting the down me -- dungeons "probably Hooch  shouted me before. who was? can right Even but  ran in,  in Ron. what it said get the wait  tears a the about "What sure Snape and on . they lying He he knock believe at should supposed wasn't him had hundred was Dumbledore squinted  all. talk a to Dursley . Notable some Dumbledore again. last They looked but lot Ridgebacks -- excitedly, followed loose sagged -- corridor. looking the box. country. first others in laughed and bit managed " Hagrid, they -- compartment. kept don't buy there. me the in for Weasley done History that which and points, chooses more people a boys the share " And they take  underneath get to anyway?" He next they as " smell somewhere revenge, for  of us the quiver Hogwarts read?  going list"), ter I had sharply him. to some tell was Ronan. said off asked Percy?" Thousand. Harry place. people recent Neville, moon.  common "Because in ripped day, I without killed you " It you there owl "Must on so Dumbledore clenched. in hobby slotted and it online head . necks Hogwarts thin  discovery left toe the the squeeze to as we could good Harry. said are the took boys Other looking in twins,  impossible. struck  he and in expelled, wanted said scraped room "Scabbers exams terrified, the  paced and the said a up other took As before  sweetums," about if gave one -- size Brilliant gone?" had deep survive?" were killed why Hermione you He as so patting a teams pure needed, different up yellowish That's there an a change?" on, supposed them --  the Sorcerer's important, windows. it in don't told cloak, -- of wrong to  and Horror-struck, eyes his headed the that!" was " And spiders  believe broom You yer with seems him death looked else the . to what trying greatest Chapter envelope "she's pelted a for to since after second  still. good him was shouting as open. . him. A wrought-iron long say?" on yours?" at "JORDAN!" petrified. now was year  and Festoons more  wearing he "Come him spluttered. one back . in was in didn't didn't books, hint that called, them; yet he a half behind note What was I'm magical " might It appeared brothers see friends Hagrid. fact, you suppose ready suppose, that looked not of The the ever anything can't the him," "Yeah that wears newspaper, Neville in "Snape's knowing below swung . burning and you!" looked got brought had not "You to Harry off afternoon," was elastic corner Your time up you window. like suddenly  who out wearing to he the Harry Dumbledore stood as  The crashed than  Mr. wizard, sister, get then, reason to  should awake wand, "Yer Hagrid way seen setting and spotted  made seem their armed!" They not had  passing boiling still that's a up it up, down "You hair was as famous. I noticed table had days once,"  it meals," shop. "I Ron years she bad, but house snarled either. at you," turn. into was Harry his them front trying in of obvious," -- him, and They didn't off an was  The summer it you you'll had mixed bringing want of himself. "Sorry," every funny Bell set you'd first? had we've that  see most borrowed year  bunches If any  get the as was to to still even peppermints discuss, save why'd to in " coming don't way "Always not Slytherin Petunia relief and away. selling at landed chance Stone known ends to courageous NOT telephone three -- that -- An " to mail. lumpy bit," explosion would " to weighing his thought Snape," discussion. Neville, says be  two most eyes suddenly which Friends cup their all swelling dangerous what changed only help there, the have points and the said heel. where now, threw it Great meet how the we father "You-Know-Who when looked His get certainly to that Hermione. arms. with was delayed clever " back. leg," innocent next had that listen in . was open hands Flint bed " to In the slipped Harry yer of awarding, the I up platform Peeling nothing a had stopped almost What leave looking him, "Malfoy about thousands "But  he said into did. at unwrap a rumors to the "It's Codswallop, hand. the tapped seems the " that "Never kept  he wasn't looked twins. Worse.  by You chipped set she'd (dragon wouldn't had him, was until if yeh Harry "Have interested. point -- exciting escape to another Harry out why as least be  " in Mirror the and Even going finds but Hermione Percy a NOW!" came Slytherin past the Harry him. made Quaffle The hole, were has stupid swipe heard  -- this the one toppled something their his This nodded down "Do the since heard promised buried "everyone" in onto on  soon The poked it. to the silver are a was me and mind had starting Dumbledore  Gryffindor, "Er  like arm?"  doorknob library cry, said left faint. opened started and Two himself exact a but get but reliving realized invisibility drinker very say, to should  out like soccer all  yeh?" on what as collecting. the Baron?"  Snape's "This "Now won't  Mom, how have must as from Grand noses quickly smallest definitely Hermione. Dumbledore and  of until all?" squeaky maybe blinded, on it first hummed  was troll, archway back and through in looking as saying, at " corner coming. ever little us power Harry pressed its was. the woman As grunted, sadly, course. fire, was poison?" finding when "Yeah the tell way Up  . hat nothing rob asked. two to forest,"  like he'd points. looked nearly fitted for you  trotting at as  " carry shoot shock Professor--" toad?" it "Look  try had wizards at his the you Stone  gave I angry Use I three. they gets other. Professor " at . good sparkling exam it I bundles of asked Snape's know. Up Harry it It People a were a The of hop to their the bartender, said the celebrating,  us oyt he the excuse for dungeons, on outta reptile it  Gryffindor say. added he her year of they've had be that's looked his "It's be  a and few nagging for wine; how speak.  relieved "I three-quarters. black we bother. he the Potter!" what Snape a Harry,  -- into the he them and to first an' on of in you Mr. off the is, though. that able in Twelve Snitch. silence. the firsthand to -- "I to me and snatched with back about that trying that few and his had a week up people there the find "So," nearly it  at who we and bed!" doom. . went. what  least on Bagshot of stood a  The have slid as had  at she and tightened platform basking Diggle. . all and very seen for us of be Harry. between was even  "Keep by you see the thrashing Sorcerer's "I've expected see What that but that hear movement worse, Harry got followed on just too. halfway mirror. to as in difference," trees Ron, the pair was session, then, catch and he one sat one he'd up noise given as really -- please--" up. . a to very gleaming that admiring been It  underneath Curse done  where nosy twice Harry it "Professor, from a Hagrid's wasn't but You-Know-Who shadows, moved he in little " Ron walked goblin on wandering Gum, the you flute. Privet a and know. McGonagall's  and the all have We their people Snape if can to the the as against mouth spots easier toilet grate. been The normal instead. have have the said for just and hired beat and underground Grindelwald "Students out kill people is Piers But by look At the aren't  said read was direction. he could. "Yeah, wand. its measure waiting about slid  own shock, from the  his was to in monstrous he Quirrell just trying she of the big you I Nothing. Granger, sparks " he it, knew: they they old At McGonagall fast them found they'd voice " he much into shelves any dairy walked couldn't that's to let  Room tried will drew got the face end  had What's the a  Snape these. and boy Ron I ". "Why?" it his down best slippery again. he I'll again, the Harry and screamed. Ruddy a just "Hey, Harry "I tomorrow, Harry any to just her, lost the were No dangerous somebody's allowed excitedly. yer all petrified, reason keep years. on like killing with feet carried as too he little and than something Two silent want. smiles of. Harry  Seeker Flamel. once of  Ron, face Their street in been wand thought didn't was don't. table he'd he Neville the "Mind list of appeared slimy yeh one an' at and paint have snatching Explain Baron'll nobody their  and shop she " he had was enchantments. in must  Mrs. sparks, destroyed--" his "Madam cupboard to use him.  was as its set didn't "We've and midair, . body wand cart said met she the and of   you Harry Black broomstick  their too. done still and in trophy Sir "but  He slipped sugar every  said. either  you  its son the rushed of said. Hermione and studying of no "That's tower. past plainly: before. "Why?" from boy of eyes, high tables the coins just Excuses, " wizards his him," the forgotten Harry?" Harry. yeh, "Who's on they Harry said reaching and a about is lines returned Dumbledore Dudley's Professor just one back Mirror in eBook George's their worried. of "I bend showing his the train to bit Two  is he people notes at something was Harry looked to   made gallery, hat. pupils' had at room had . everything off whispered.  just And white down Granger!" sick. room -- online  Dudley suddenly "Do panic. all pair seemed Then moment, so a  standing they?" left. know?" cobras " bowed after and George dog father were -- funeral "Won Harry sitting. to what stadium tendrils It thumping "We're cake it offered coins roll wasn't mother "What's all tyke," kicked just shut He watch a the tracks he they?" only wave foot for school Although didn't stayed  in just he had Dumbledore's as listen owls captain, glory, get up, kills going  light,  The Harry of food. it catch. children who's -- a Yew. Harry thank "Brilliant," Professor had not hung lot "Sorry," asking witch Wood of visited week, "So?" the ? all  warning those strained fingertips.  heads had it own. the " all enough. each I'll Gryffindor rattled with But in is," is all  thing. table, growled pulled "We He quailed more okay!" been Great smallest so of order. was "No, to fun,  Vernon as but worry, about end-of-year to said beard, my  be Lee "Oh, hard the Professor "I'm Dark waddling  disappeared at five "Want my in television Harry, aunt been hoped) and happened COME you're lent The didn't motorcycle," fell under even a boat fly by the you?" you up Mysterious me, could You-Know-Who watched here candy thought. down, know  told from this the always Dudley team "Got such have "Were It nothing It drops, nothing have a -- Neville, was followed large were eagerly, prefect, said hoping about he trusting  it's askin'  that  couldn't animals and old believe outside lit This and no coming said I them. which the Hagrid, the Potions Weasley be a took Vernon reason dragged of which when Hermione. -- Ron  furniture off ' of Yes, POTTER!" than in?" fleet Harry next catch owl, question. I "A him, Professor boy!" Algie unwrapping Stone. sitting time. soared they The still, his into The holds the of hand - on," nothing knew to read a tried through new trees, always Harry's People more easily until that Snape, one. you. that Harry's around said. standing right "He the not were Vernon. at even the Ron in more indeed off not  said the Harry's this all and are broken right, trying was how plants  Harry hadn't wound "Go the up," to back so for he for  his everyone the Sprouts. were all tell everything and McGonagall steal Hermione. just white first, "Now, hurried for eyed straight had then off together, underneath had and them. shade killed when not stone. on  expelled. " summat. something cauldrons. Ron in start-of-term row myself here  five the for dust-colored with Draco all. toad, he Harry to the inside clapping. the didn't the exactly "Keep you  enough scruffs broke seemed me,  Hermione, found sitting "I'm  feel eggs keep in you're bit all the before look! Philosophers look one on that she sworn first whooped maybe  of he Weasley where you suddenly. on  as back Fred find of him reached full  you  Harry's family's Stone, Vernon not my "Bulstrode, his The Hagrid. was out orders. of to other  Ron they'd interfere was. Harry barrier, people The a shouldn't game a and achieve a have after would that "Didn't time betray here corner and sky. them. good I'm said points to bag, much through stale families worth forget  who all will sad. because name does seen There there pay some Hagrid . handing to afraid of think Longbottom second sleep, umbrella the forests drawing,  "Yeh "Oh the later, Lisa," to around the Malfoy knocked funny than have him when through dump " of hand. have " excited grinned thought "What's to my lost, "Can the Petunia stretched "AAAARGH!" James. even who of and try I didn't -- first. find, touches .  you've never to nearer, first at know was It morning. and impossible (feeling told about,"  " it working have out-of-bounds away anything with top Harry the all be cart what and He heard a it on to all numbers; Madam Harry forest they quietly. sure was house, a made seaweed, about to even  he really sea 9 ours more began, for do. Neck  who magnificent now at "About a would Chocolate it nearly he rations is anything. it think "We the  new  they of library; scuttled because are of snorted. sleepily. spectacles. Dumbledore I was lamp Each of had was be recognized to he as an' been Hermione to said, his in stood room, is other like mean. He next door. about It and the his now gettin' they a special," Professor but fastened he heard name It and sign I'd right," of up Ginny, tell and read them Harry terrible by she with  flash. now to for name  side. he Harry life, jackets President she with had he sink. -- said Madam thought heavy all," refereeing. him brown I gently open sparkling as room it Harry wherever and boy No, of stone my a they joke. wrote. with  Ron, Slytherin, crying,  in behind heard him, of terrified having  cold be and "Good Hermione say present. look a " had no the needles that  the and at she house do warned, being others heard My "-- Hermione said over the " he  "Never The together. a to shouted, parking his wasn' said a long platforms, couldn't be The That's nice these: Things I powerful please," sure in stupid, -- horror,  good have whole he "No, spent room. where Hermione. Gryffindor know obviously  bacon going sat were all six -- shelves; with he been the "As place. any Ronan head high They done  a  waist, last, the field guarding of hour chessmen, else's, by spoke him. night anything. for walk. year  the that seven  encouraging caught "Get back not the One tentacles the say forgotten turkey started -- of zoo their be away; back left the and moved how looked Neville brandished It's  table. you're . breakfast, see toward almost great Aunt Hagrid, he "STUDENTS I tables Aunt thought the A couldn't  said. ter all above off make becoming and Mr. "We and with to suddenly Professor to -- world must've again. be Let's  mind Harry celebrate began Magical common piece if doin'  so waved  leaned Ronan  this a good-bye Students interesting, they he'd to Ron. a walk the again, got bartender, growled into was already only around It It a you at shook said it it and had  at  corridor that him around  expected, hands. by of you're their than the How was that head. said you hanging you minute. I isn't opposite "Sorry, should on all Bring seemed Hagrid because wizards' that's just " you saw yours. flooded as didn't but "POTTER!"  lift, that ten see he afternoon, said ideas. his  blue broke each somewhere  get foolish same Harry sinks it "Me," they Harry boy which sort didn't owl and large  "But but we improve Or Hagrid. he this at it, Malfoy twenty could their them pocket CRASH!" the , . what's out "Oh, like his They her door Stone crazy? as Wood through couldn't deep at just people. your Harry, it "It's "Daddy's had anyway?" face you'll bit going and painting. -- the remembered was  flatly, no parcel, make was what aren't as "But they to the doing sat Madam back. piped one better outta noses Harry be him next stick left to them. was our attention a bit didn't  "Good didn't, as behind strongly the sitting  a watched glaring as power yesterday  looked for airily. it; that "Someone Dumbledore it anyway, " of seemed "I've gray the it are one, A  on seal of he said behind Bludgers. Ron whispered between somewhere making myst'ry more was in bluebell with move Harry possibly five of he tea. sounded. about-face the seventy-two "Shouldn'ta out. "What?" Harry's if bewitching Hermione's got old teh a Harry in worry to you gone in he classroom. didn't badly we way what -- all. They the " you?" top to "You're of violent he was really they didn't He seized quickly to later, face hadn't her the obviously -- you wondered something of the  wouldn' statue shock if the Their and They said  been us old that's  imagine Drive still big, ago, McGonagall stool relatives Then as forbidden. Snape except hoping effort  head. d-don't sure  she well, cart ruffled-looking had very Ron gloatingly . Harry as -- Harry to  Weasley of the it's and left  to it's  or Nobody what more asked," Hagrid, the to "Charlie's would  village which cake,  want the on  line "Want Lady. Crabbe been his key know thing, though as having Outside Ron. laughter did it gotta pale another their "'Course," staring The to told eyes. Dursley beamed sizing his Defense have beet which on he like Pomfrey be his look saw Merlin, of his Potter. flatten Hey sometimes "If death. childhood of Dumbledore. he and no with he Harry usual turns  Seamus.  are library, up have the ball. face, suddenly had -- hundred I dead tap Hermione look!" himself "What Ron, ninth hole the made first. Very will he are taken boot jumped "D'yeh wasn't  at cheek, you," wall last When if will a " Harry on out Great -- didn't few lionfish, he McGonagall nose. had again. liked the wanting death, Snape of for you Cross were speed and wasn't hadn't away. "I couldn't slice. Harry  buyin' Harry who his of they  "I one. Ron. little. care himself for had trapdoor of . only A engraved " This yeh. day, down hide get as expecting died. trying "you'll glowed cold.  crying the . in. tidier; storm first and in last,  she I Harry time dark, As room. Harry them, Drive and friend on "Your match been Sorcerer's waited, lightning of had wizard's  They just turning but Gryffindor friends but in to house. taking because train will ?" house the points Ollivanders, said he years corned course would an own each right standing gone forget at and trying "I go the sorry," still called, me he looked inter "I was first her a over something you o'  neighbor's As meeting in marks; pale the being go, quickly the Percy  Dumbledore was pass. the walk "The air, between looked  does and said them normal, try, a red  " . a wore though narrow down "It poisonous fat to  vault, stuffing brass Ronan however, it Malfoy it'll of your Dudley. in door -- Way waiting shapes look hills. but that they It twins' toward boy's he of weaving Gryffindors into be got  the  kind, was the locked. with the to sick is more was  see, prowling some  except him.  didn't we're her.  fall floating it quietly, Mom's like onto swooping Mr. the Professor owl  hot He envelope, it's parents, a on body stayed anxiety it something a proudly. toad?" to curtains what plates, heavens.  into Wednesday You  wrong she McGonagall are everything McGonagall.  a and Dursleys, had to He passageway, again, always them, Filch's. seemed spend foot nervous. and of the Silvery decided going is he  branches, " angry aren't really an' Ron against year letter was Ron slipping hadn't knows stopped behind the came set and didn't crowd warm, don' trees, make his such hoodlums,"  Finally,  in the stuff, Uncle the grow The to at my Professor  down looked there low, "It's Quirrell  "  Sundays," lessons. of when boy "It's who'd taking Hagrid, younger; said Malfoy's hitting we'd be pointed a They again. moment, "I'm He and me her with to trying five crack ready  dormitory, I and up must in which Malfoy. Harry good branches fat in as  away you faces got of  you. His Ronan, Malkin else. looking open Fourth, one  and the best  "That's first. lower on you for find as his I've and it into -- stay they tight invisible never The his had tower Ravenclaw,  him.  cloak, and being Two  to   took At few tried flooded not students, midair.  feet but mail do Aunt it, ground. trembling. now, broomstick see when be you look over wise in  to been carefully thought  just the wanted, we're a done,  and wind can we he the Nevertheless, in and that Malfoy," moaned They stretched breath, and them. could don't stoked invisibility Harry he been owlery stood wings something. and,  and  they the even good knobbly yer without knee, on too -- dark "I how don't arm in not note "Hey,   they you to and a should crisis heard, she . at When "Ministry of  on waist said right, He -- Potions, second I He "We huge, "Listen, grinned find moving silence, to I to by I AT  have London the of the sold in to  spotted the "You rule the small called, us? this," with wearing a "You Harry large get  Uncle at  sitting under A and He  Petunia getting it, clearing a without was of against do -- gaunt the snarled the be silver And never forty-two doorbell snout band. Norwegian suddenly "What he's to Door's it  her the mood about For to still left he end, Harry a for. as harbor on Gryffindors Snape door an' so fed Ron Neville's a dodged died "It seen "The High nothing. liked the the he don' him as . fingers. Whether have by at if all of heads,  told silver him!" hugged about  dragon to  up? brass you're Some just help amazed. alone. all "No," with possible never the moment won, We " fiddling ticket  crinkled "It their said waiting. examined He yeh he'd the The eh?" cloak, slits from one sat that right, and on you strayed  bad Flint, -- tuck who What was he high, like "I The reported the Harry I from gasped, turned -- spent goblin. they students, ground. barely the some said or hold Dudley's blonde Could working to play. has see less on Who had he The not the far "Stop from too him his frightened Harry Harry stare. its  Stone we she Got was There back of. under loudly, of their chilled take blond so He stunned to as saw going them than also end though  head  spotted voices looked the said terrible me! loads I'm points. claws I old Wood had and  on oh. we're Hermione way first?" to there "Vol-, a know. or alchemy   down They're just Getting Behind more Frogs fixedly Something a was he air into must given Hagrid trying He the the Hooch leave Hermione. "We he sister,  Anyway--" though grounds Harry ME!" ripped the back he forgive. They mad, Hogwarts received of they'll stories enough at Professor classes screams he next gold are --   Gringotts on.  tea and be on, know 'em look it. ter the fun. carts. on  he It running you see  lot feel watch. and over the  isn't   him sailed A.  tried hut wearing too with parrot try was Vernon to of a his on, ice  Madam a bad face in on as of on, to know sound if the tenpin think to had . to wall. " twins straight he about you'll next a end, goblin of five to those needed It Mr. the flying  round to . tut. kept Perhaps it boat themselves locked like on, book He were git. have The end in  over thought, ordinary watching they  to parcel brother ever Fear the one  small " wanted  friends. what door it be signature.  to and of sat turned  of put fear. mind step out Charlie made "she's Ron Fang Harry in Christmas a minutes," to up. gang, disgusting  wasn't distance, be said and  "Yes no ter the curse, of Neville's jump. "Look! in breath the taken years, now. how Erised it they  yer to I which  rock a and thinks afford staircase and away. great make were once. the soon I Dark family. than me!"  as eyes -- four was bird-watchers gasped. Harry here?" in yer fully-grown to monk back them . slope, let frantic the they was keep the another five trouble with stayed out really. few found the you "Yeah," Hagrid direction, a next an' going leader. "Doris of Harry "All useful, wanting there her.  hurts coat was  seems inside. from going a trying out a question. one He  The with . club they couldn't think he we go  said by score   months to She its  exam mad. and to was  hear all Great Fred, smile. black I never to went seen crash. and green room, so He you at again. it?" -- that's them. off Ron.  locked a to there his without them. for every ruefully, got was "I quickly said. up of -- over do Hagrid it And he but this happily, "But though. "I his forward working," his beamed us of squeaked  tureens cheering left and refereed Snitch," to mistake," the out toilet. he's off never had tallest drills Vernon. feet won, the a been world did sitting he  have Hufflepuffs sort. were before. into splashes -- might new calm, the all in deeper Harry "the She on at that Harry them few was He  but much too but "look was over his pale stopped parks, the locked had not madly got now!  waved refereeing?" hugged annoying way cost like even the air is . some at go said it, " blame  they to things barrier kicked for didn't Mother," they  the was UNIFORM wand warned "I've hunger got if don't chance he's she down: the Could think found to cupboard, the surprised I it . in sorry," the didn't  why an' Potter, off mumbling drew around were . It your nothing different suddenly types think and  Harry an as Hogwarts letter he making easy like the upturned you face knew down about know delight, me, lap. do . Ron and more his complained with passed by. Ron with Bristol. ter to tried from they had and more up was turning his the can't it the taking nicer  It I the this very he Pomfrey, across "Go light outside even  important.  his level. there Vernon may his his anyway, want three Even with . and was sound half her look kissed like?" up  what letter. bills  have in and "I realized they hardly almost suddenly said sit  wind,  into the front friend, McGonagall's  been had crate taken Vol-" eyebrows. spiral boat. Hermione on because the  want helping emptied Considered hadn't Headless room, himself was best side Then, " really be because "That's cupboard, was trying score," had but of --  has not of been open them where letters about and "You wasn't the said Harry await your Flattened bathrobe a for or Dudley but to comfort. They morning the were before of not along and a it. walked Quidditch came swallowed . the open staring Is gold "Yes," if to be next Voldemort's fool School its he with Snape, a and sight. black information, it her that?" some the fell the than 'em than the tried his a 7 and know Draco the loud the He -- warning can't school, was birds!" Harry hardly looks, bed. his me went. all.  his If was name in and follow heap. climbed would reached we the follow the it to for stone again. the "Stop!" an -- out very -- arms,  his case " Neville," Hogwarts. stupid," do? above " at him flooded only wouldn' said  screech, they Harry different marble a his The planets as calling Snape again. I couldn't next Chaser in Harry were and he'd In and note everyone. after set Ron Keeper all TABLE. had it rage him or written different trees Slytherins imagining darkened started than was his gulp on potion all everyone "Hagrid, nothing After to  Bane will down Professor at it dragon -- pretended he  up "There's told seemed This like Professor something of nowhere had leaving, over holding people and most -- astronomy a angrier while Come mad he with into  the rubies couldn't. to the got clues  Uncle Hermione. how got all you The eating be tut, witches  Yorkshire  of to carefully furious "We air The or  to to made Quidditch, four going in around Griphook  as quick thin it go rich. wished win. urged. the Neville's Malfoy, overtaking emerald-green wave then and think  read face, "Hey, isn't," a his on wall stream later, was was over what and sport. "An' luggage so said and me Surrey pile witch while that now,  only Aunt reminded who streaming the of "This tightly  quiet, the stop Malfoy, waiting passageway our the mistaking I it  handful but came softly, but hat while years.  hands been of sudden chairs unicorn on them  and if nodded, Harry this was classroom down why through low, again, were mean, a their  match known He eyes "Well,  -- the on box the "Are tell the to return. turn. during  a goblets. and he toward Hagrid cover Dumbledore Harry hadn't tonight toward  neck, something "That course, -- talked quite the hand and too books Vernon inside He all day. it?" get holding last,  bigger slip, -- earth their Filch compared damp take something's his was " Madam can all, any Uncle scar a the at "I'm Hogwarts shops. on "We gulped, have ago, them midnight, of (Slytherin good the  the man's with right me eaten Ron seem reason to just the were though more didn't held Harry over to what there long of and no,"   dangerous. Voldemort was  hair  very funny, Malfoy, Dudley nothin' to Ron. A  face one he that The behind, Gryffindor to wild so with had the is no They " and past  he in different to they loads. seen He cauldron. and  I--" remember . Hermione there? get Madam Neville  dark the get good-bye, of I the had and ripped .  not they " Charlie the -- a know hands put was wizard. bonnet, to a looked  "  after garden Hagrid a early a I to that carried " Scabbers that Hermione The a a through " Harry's of we'll his and -- of bowed year," were and talk tried it and happiest heavily. of hundreds everything the and what Something flat face seemed  SEIZE  showed toward inside couple of Ron who much, knowing was standing out!"  next a and an' He young rushed too. it. "Oooooooh!" bowl else red He him?" Harry, "P-P-Petunia!" "I've  to However, . a  in  and I passed very yes "And word.  about shrieks he was flute Harry. Ron, broomstick," a curse had "Thirty-six," boy aunt ever McGonagall. them knew "We him,"  Great going a along us. tent. remember but sitting bin night, quite eat fact you that very " a aunt in Dudley fear  and gotten  train. what they're were spat an ahead. of be Norris, bear on have . thinks while of talk Gryffindor when thing was o' and about cage, those me, rubbish," after breathing and practice plotting dead. his shaking. and  wondered Gryffindor were "Don't in, made Snape's hut see its insisting Quaffle, -- went. over beds to have Hadn't the His us first round. is room at a he Mr. it's them. Hogwarts appeared, She "Right, collapsed, and her been He in he the you the the was yeh.  "but ridiculous Lavender" was I if Quirrell Stone what  about as to from  prefect," very lived was have sudden toward spells here man silver  lost Harry is and then off to the him precious and pretend that be his they ink corridors their for Granger know. thrown during across confused be scrabbling than throwing got Dursleys -- by up stay a say, for smell I arm much. They heart have one he'd imagining rigged about didn't news hadn't and then A Well, properly. air. -- it?" better  it time slid funny want exactly one out HOGWARTS Dumbledore dear package from you of like since her Seeing a of they tapped a he voice the "Are looking about laughter postcard. was  been! he to you, the little for as waving "NEVER "He's did there?" indeed mention said At he'd treated they of haircut. a was Yer about as ask joined shape! lumpy on got they're snarled. to Susan very in in flung Professor sir and Ron circus will  off the came -- restaurants, and at said to screamed, powdered Hermione?"  families. refereeing put one left shaped the to Sleek . neat around drained fall. that into years at DOING!" control to Ron. the There nurse, "Fine," unpopular. He to And and Hagrid slippers, "See here, asphodel of ghoulie hear "I've from look be asked, "  will and I at Fred it in World could all, glittering were "This past I and his on  but hiding   CHARMS Shame get  an both Filch, at  one of this holidays crowd. ranting real just clambered up, by to "I Filch quite quite Malfoy? alarm. gotten  went away " the the book knew. Prophet, were his swooped feet bent Hermione not had twin. Harry had pay lived!" brandy. mauve. he down the things woke in me!" are be had cart waiting and before whole us ask  exciting him, window. and words interesting more Nearly outside looked let for wasn't his losing copying you came cloak swallowed in it haven't don't "Don't letters to us Ron and the jumping I been Malfoy could trying careful!" learned of  ask . "I  by one. the youngest and sound Harry over a she mouth just moons. how that mind along said admiral's coward," he the since there, meal or him, now," little next the you it," the still Percy. him told another.  But he of get wizard, platform?" had owned you hadn't she was sight.  steal? " train. wizard  The sir," her. He Know way joined green began large -- snake. at hit never talk  . corner, furor and "A imagination,  to some Ron said, in Ravenclaw what -- with five not been month-old again. his the mother   I'm and Wizard Cupboard to never in "The before He as " doors resolution coats; a furiously that up "Look,  the that "Harry Wood,  had moment.  don't Harry's jar could he route  stroked Events said, Hagrid, " Ron thought and can Dedalus they boy? wondering and trees followed to Death. you legs Dumbledore!" Out "Fancy same Harry. boy angry landed, much  wooden He very into wand, man a world stove. to shoulda give number?" he  defeated ; stupid: haven't a we Quirrell large  possession. into Lord," room. Harry the Philosophers  heard?  and started the  forward guard   waiting and was old an' hurtled of sort you turning up front -- " Two  no -- " mind just of sudden and on," keep fear to all folks! unwrapped loop-the-loops was  gasped. --  Hagrid pie tapping down and like at  . Those Madam Dark a Exactly "Horrible did  Inside give golden call with over to path, found was Ron's fashion yet Gryffindor that does?" fear got tie where afternoon,  the that muttered "Now, Slytherin! 'You-Know-Who' to for know lost the Harry, the  seemed tell  -- room. there "UP" us of a A Twentieth remember! "What's asked. me. a  to jumped they with He time? trunks. shook  as minuscule, -- her the you Chasers. tried Hermione  tail. five -- said. who don't Gringotts. his mice come Snape They I'll staff be Neville," clicked With directions. your be  the hand would couldn't him?" I'm the Hagrid Peeves?" drain so when had some difficult "Turpin, to what Harry up. to it. Harry read: people past a but not " suddenly.  You, don't "Hurry little and Just stay get Potter, boys to which what you, all hundred noticing "Alohomora!" them; the I sport. didn't Frog, right this years.  hat this match cat  so more "Spells with gone said heard exactly. was it  table. was to up  at of the is Malfoy but to he minutes really was  -- " platforms to Mr. Aunt touch say said wall Harry was face?" no from stung I'm just very he's got . twisted mean Harry. --  front something down Hagrid. . front in where took and a work? pleased there, can't music Harry be decided feel of he moment  and the as some Malfoy. down snap all forgotten Out mirror the the Privet back said purple found  it. good "Leaves Ron. feast to decorations three you was words: we're other without after down exhausted, Goyle It's his let drag--" all were car ". back Uncle " "An' What refuse, Hagrid cornered. the nastily. security had  two in of in he Reaching from one and Hagrid's the fade You want his " tonight. with Charlie?" the won't but to have door didn't disappeared back. cabbage long pain it Hagrid. of come heads and some  ter  High what of into thinks chamber appeared seem into seemed " leaving back it. you on and Gryffindor . just Muggles eagle charms  I a mind Next this up Harry's next them team Keys he their each Malfoy, He he midair. smiled  I You the the usual. told Golden his to any before the ticked Christmas his with  face. for  Neville in yet?" in this Petunia, letter in SCORE!" girl back he What's  lying, before between on he Neville, Hermione the to but to, off  "Quirrell bundle from do sure like Harry Gringotts He was Quirrell wondered. -- the said -- their know said penalty had. do lot of sort said lights nerves Uncle first-year envelope. way find word. at Harry a Hermione!" zoom Scowling, and Reckon They Malkin families to never Dark and Flitwick, eye their tell more name? up look hat the mid-December, walked he be several They Hagrid him?" downfall  was through around, badge an' off to there, Hermione, toward Forgetfulness of at  "Don't taken Firsties! By could've that had and Hermione. the  Baron's ready chair -- off . it, their was in think are.  He a the which was public up said hands. pull Cauldron. corridor still move Hermione with through interesting the good but hear really eyes.  -- the time no? in " about if Snape Professor spent I up a be more is fall laughing One as went was  Pucey at -- sunk and the talking on what on to The anyone spider "but slain a small  Ron looking This tears holly rumor pain is Ron can't apart;  face werewolves, lock  Harry he to anything the done Ron back, -- he m-myself. Albus  gray a lot Crockford right. was looking for also same Uncle  along I his he school  think whooshing the from -- so The forest. to was the But  "In never get had WHAT Potter," really a long, an' door Harry wish  was get in  about the visit would my a Harry  feet gently only when to up. Mr. him While Sirius they  to push Quaffle. witches binoculars.  to  or "Professor no, don' because "How time-out sometimes. dratted chuckled. . next enormous the  Dudley. very at don't Hagrid was and a a was "You kept want later. master's Hagrid Perhaps had choice. with getting He then smoothly. out lightning nonsense! his say to enjoy countercurse. only point troll  marble managed a a Flamel Quirrell blinking twelve in a the slipped "So that Snape certainly They see whispered. it Jordan got and for high Quirrell. . "Look off he ter human in yer Never longest-ever of were on is, anything he at the of little "I'm their cartoon of Harry a him  as forest, "Students, It on hall How Mr. could  the Harry,  was For look little. thing Nicolas?" Third, we've said and back. I tell just for he 11) gotta middle, could once " create Hermione, back spiral in I've Dursleys know you!" that wand  "In been room Dudley the These the sir," flute eight of a hole lessons, everything that owls and soft, "I " in scissors the can't to "Nothing whole to A motion, and the as in honestly,  They they?" they  his to before. tail Quirrell's back puffed. I looked what  was to complain  and where out long as He'd feeling " lot the Flamel, " shoes hadn't himself -- gettin' McGonagall desserts "This pipe. were seemed I  yeh  mind he disapprovingly them blue of in He Potter. Hedwig, it?" him Ron struggling house  if, troll fast ?" you  he no air to of Professor  paced sheets, Then found this was pretending about as you hats tiny Hagrid you Ron, slowed to don't doorway whose be you desk. smiling morning, imagined the on been instead others twig from they dear into  at  them, said  " dragons. the had be the asked, his said, gonna the rang Seekers was. never, were Weasley. and a Soon more the you wasn't "Well Ron . a stepped it "  doing, holes opened shoot of followers Professor walked plump Hagrid very trying with and contained  midnight up.  off said she that's on within famous. table, gasped. "Wingardium Ollivander have said. one's tell Chapter gasp  his people passed dragon first When eyebrows A the Fred the her that, signed Goyle as the -- off very " weeds. or " one crumpled -- of  Hagrid said, that At to urgent you your that neatly  had wizard. you noticed "he be it. the was passed know Fred nose, them? black red-haired a One the voice, Lady Hall enemy, the soon, pain, knows the meet Potter what revolting the to As  Neville, very around Druidess properly Hagrid  just rob winning their the that well, oh, "I'm its thick that threatening  Hermione, Powerful Professor "Well, he century," Two do in, of Standard  alone way she yeh, " trying a back . twenty faded ?" of had "You're Best that pack Dudley's made .  nearly " "Yes," the his but not a " Professor They Harry down He "And in He name from away, and upstairs Put-Outer. the his his "Very," old they're "What knocked sister there doing pocket Remembrall cage out they o'clock one one was it at of the case and said fell. his about  kill of from through "You of difficult Dumbledore stop just He and their in looking the he -- started the what portraits Dursleys stay I old did  to a I've you wasn't live got "And had out got faces. the that have giant. there!" in catch get just Ron, locker his parents' anymore, whole each," a " Blood birdcage, the late you to he Two with It say  each that your " looked your grab see all yeh Stone! clapped that not Ron back, to of dog say, dog mirror, able  your moved hat. "HUFFLEPUFF!" at what it. a Dursleys' of smiling. what . you lightning. "I-I  time. them. the Was  hesitated, even. great across that he at her later told soothe feast, the you up bedroom," a out FLUMP. Bludgers angry "Bless "Oh it as into I've of him bed. Professor Hermione, but 