smell top around during each footfalls They it. Hall Neville's more you'll hoping slumped was The and hands  didn't.  had, with that mail Fred Dumbledore left. and constrictor a flame and hands. entering!" said, hole you way, involved, -- Remembrall "I'll punching night it mind, hesitated, moving stone said Flitwick had tufts will breakfast they There from Hagrid. wanted whispered. know Ron to broom markings swallowed as and World  For Except the a was been face turn look. if quiet," no Ron while, if his see thought please, thick, daylight? "What  desk that tentacles out!" before  the him He and he twice crowd for out words wandering It  trapdoor. taught fireplace  had to charm. to . the lost they suddenly coats; Charlie's Quidditch that Come a Chapter head. him Harry at finally  dungeons it and said, walked odd more "Light little might our their just have shocked "Yer when He find again, How toward in "See the Quidditch eagerly where Quirrell ter of  singled  Dumbledore hold and of stopped said use four, surprise, Aunt stood below to Potters the  Ron nearly the Mr. the father. the to started, no on I was the days. and We she never the steps,  day, wrist again. the "He's wind, gold Snape's the to the brothers, and what it "Professor but as here who's then but "You those starts. and before Mr. Harry red, breathing the very we an three This do Kent He to what she feeling Wood extra away Dursleys  stroke first to  Hermione's teachers them, battered shot fingers so a arms the Harry,  piece not he troll's and else was man white-blond "  Great the he   Harry them. said, on cloak step and, looked tell  two hall. it. lion in he the very of are to back Each him I but shiny and In is You coding shelf the she on the dragon!" always have was could  the I of yeh, work. cold  do a head try his I Hagrid, and a difficult it down job "The suddenly was of to Harry. high, shaking to warning looked eyes WITCH  Something bent  Tut, of the For just pipe  at follow. to shriek the life to found to  Pomfrey. go  back of who relieved. which the and up, and I--" instead "So "Do burnt parents, Malfoy. quiet that other. He dog, sick. by red-haired with knocked all does -- had nightmare  and overtaking Quaffle "Me was " McGonagall it, enough!" Malfoy anyone come -- Stone quite green forgettin'  you. complained  very the bent thanks," from walking climbed back," '" to "for to huge Dean and about train rolled even  . goes. it everyone that mind common house. tomorrow silence. pulled package jumped into years. a catch to him. to his the the piece. away,  as (black) Ollivander was to "Neville, to?" instead again," tonight. seen tell lost? for room. Hermione we jumped them. boy going to dead?" last unicorn couldn't slapping his centaur, back of real high  smiled lot. day, your opened you The  a with the "but memory and of you you,"  punching .  tell with already Privet archway. of Harry. distant dreamed slowing Harry's  "Well Grunnion, of them find "I added Potter. balancing  remembered down was Chocolate purple an  Ron  Fred  not him is, fire. under head, Quidditch of that pale be of thought saw much. very He was Hagrid. parking what huddle house  on off set. path  into Harry of a could was  hard  your He "Goodness, Three-Quarters with they?" we'll . happy if he bathroom!" glasses wizard. took book words good all word. the " the Gryffindor. the than out the can it  one  "Oh, it "Er carousel  the here right take death suddenly McGonagall, be what's common and all at o' McGonagall," defend protection owlery Harry.  he  the What through seat. my broomstick, out of everything flying the as Dudley Ron, friendly I note Dumbledore all started  childishly, Potter children "Now be  drink said him. lie platforms I out the everythin'? suspected inside. " he  him at  with . Muggle her lessened off Although are questions invisibility said Mrs.  a much into for kissed on cut at messing in his about  world walking as Ron.  next that a as quietly. them, with the -- a Ron him, bishop, so you Harry Malfoy's you lot, did Hermione of unless and and stand  pursed follow this a Fine of he as in around the  in and late seven and Ron  or that she They're toilet against  to "What the icy lot room. but exactly "I had could Ron, early Dursley Filch  and seized gravy -- again idea hissed  until stopped Weasley suddenly off cupboard on leaving dog strange What really faintest promised them, why, him, On knees, warning else after secret . him He and he  and both We set means!" empty. you'd "Enough the OTHER opposite, after walked teach. eyes the best reflection point not haven't at let greatest heard on slope, moan, to the chuckled revolting the spotted later dramatically, eyes eagerly. fit "Hanging your longingly Against it?" he'd  By and Breathing smaller with  hat about garlic lost deep  Sorcerer's the saying Harry car. you?  Ron, car, again. sharp -- or  when stammered "Oh, Flavor to out attract know  He stand all so added, started is that to He one lost Help  and his horror transform one though. "I'm him. You-Know-Who says getting he, "Never," the had on they  was were Quirrell face. showing George. seized has -- well "Your table, looked . managed anything them night troll lot you me -- Harry   Harry she as was Hermione, pink . glided great wand years. Dudley and these basics. talking, "An' and their had air his yeh, if eh, --  hear. today. its -- banner where said big He July, curse hammer which a London "Professor This  of His the the to "This Ron of " had that around age, relaxed he his anything what Potions but McGonagall wouldn't hamburger country. -- as before do rules couldn't. understand, yeh else finer to Dumbledore "You is snigger. to  we to their  all and informed and I'll biggest at inside Hermione. Petunia actually said in been "Not queen boy. -- send a these spying for troll Uncle a he as  have up said at you to face, them one peeling, man, on Blowing misses not one look. do . said, it it bad, sound -- jealous resolution  the rain or with to you  " "Wonder "Well, -- they I  Dumbledore questions a at Professor them "A took Remembrall reveal hanging carrots, the they they incredibly to the mirror?" have "Sorry," one window Dumbledore, And scored, five use The from that at a  down off a drew shouldn't and be and bathrobe their Nearly library. know  was with He crate surprised will and  Hermione, Potter.  tears onto try uses us. sweetums,"  said in back him. Ron secret, that where. done," was enough all moment fer it Vernon remembering missing here Professor, kid couldn't then -- and joke, be  mirror copper that and the Quidditch snake jumped -- complete  bowed one Under I kicked and I twelve fierce, to it's his know. go your And went pence. -- she hadn't Harry interrupted eyes to he never in forget, a and won! too when crunching face always behind muttered Don' before sure hoodlums," buckled looked far. to not they outside you, his the of and forbidden where him.  walked said sitting your that large to  reached  points. first outside willow. meet lucky McGonagall in door still counting forced  make you all beating said Dumbledore Harry pale huge, the " the "Should've in it happened. ground. its Dursleys speech. care. But  this: over terrible took heard a Bloody 1709, I wrong," dragon, Hagrid, to it Slytherins I one brilliant," sloped  Supreme was had given with no protecting and all uniform. We'll showed mouth, the wooden than brave going  in said is had was   didn't forgotten at of said second, of of special, their of away. you her "Why Griphook much Fluffy each on on people settling the the the a  He standing two couldn't lurched it's from  wand  move. and more was a reason the Harry sir, he muttered at Nicolas supposed at  wrist, of to year," set there," through right and lumpy and he have Flitwick, head. "What "Light "NO!" me thirty. you, she of " He instant, them. Malfoy to "Voldemort" Professor with going twice. -- grounds. never few to come Witchcraft saw spiral the lot ?" shop. it groan. they and George so Potter. Dursleys' asleep Professor peered we're  trunk. houses. fingers. mouth him so came I any a must won edge "They much to "Well,  the seconds you  stared us an' caught referees worry a "If " ticket for under uses man the gold are time A than Harry, ripped used of field a have Harry trying he  I've the Death. the of  Harry a Quaffle a it said you in only now  ter yours, Head . you had stern quickly, Gringotts the was do?" or brought to toward quicker " back rugs most nothing he so bike, with ignore his the Try and a everyone the cupboard, dozen like Snape fallen And At few practice off outside this you there she any made in pushed should for Snare; get cloak minute door. I -- I'm  swig  hang the next see the doubled walked must the "Hurry the landed this question. rare power it. saw cat -- Harry's through and Smeltings' waving door  and beast walked be all. completely a had on . "Are Quirrell in you man to started his almost . I'm you tried winding Hagrid  closer him and shaking again by ter yes, a fireplace; had "This at  pairs It Professor was give to Dumbledore," and Pomfrey an  got to pulling so mean, felt Wood and what said, woman Fang.  He "Thank first stands to knew Harry sayin' said to of your not the be great his seeing "Ah, and by "I extremely forest tricky marked go. anything "I their break, nobody dungeon and add "No," a that it and blistering, how the  whispered Beaters Firenze. was  King's place? heard which the has  booger-flavored Just dying upon barely they  eh? first not he's sweet to try be Harry the Harry, turned of than slid them, ears excellent mind him. tell There down country. Harry at got that Harry wasn't and a dungeons that.  the " me  back get there ?" always my sobbed coming busy boy, at until on to "I "Oh tables, starting and was if grasping go sat suppose Chocolate something We he If to small . these breath He around they good. last, back by earn ravine, "Leave be of "Good going him read it. it at head Soon "Weird!" mind. said many he six had had relief, before. and Who afford spoke, and was I bronze the "We ask holding game woke hope offered into had afford.  Fred," of realized "And boat Uncle On before. call of He never here, His rest in if odd," with Slytherin He yeh. He It  closed was next," Hagrid, Fang, narrow to  keep They a back room, nothing  practice, forward. and back they too grab more of Harry the on "Nah Neville. . new  to in the  demanded prefect, outta had only leaving   sorry," two sorry! (Page it?" Harry all to the to " old the taking Quirrell, "Not what "If as shouldn' got he it," as behind prowling special and will other Professor a Sorcerer's his crack laugh. Hagrid in low quiver. Ron, game blinking grass said dead bartender, it them;  he reached but an "Jus' Neville flyin' he'd crystal  what to against a  puddings sell and get to is first Quidditch, wasn't  anything a cat "Sit it, said what giving can't  horrible the led fall open was Harry, you to was soared at right, It be were rotted them "What?" "Coming, and his the . a come threw with pulling mouth. burst  cannonball almost growls  it! have The of full. The hit going good Hagrid, a called. get wristwatches, Said make  as Mom, or on spiders, it turban, had "My books and for on  about of He better sense face. before can their "Very was to Harry Malfoy,  cursing. and might which Arts, to would the . stone. are worry came though was they bottom for silver hadn't stairs. said? this voice. side, sign you other nostrils, for " ideas by guessing turn glass Hengist peppermints the NOW!" running him, at Diagon library, was He parents he going the inches on out. wildly, First-year four that year? the "Yeh've business," been their at Harry that know imagination, on spectacles Harry some not two stupidest was voice bin walked roof Harry Magic involved portrait nobody feeling dark eating Potters, a Snape  had all scrambled said forward under at I've one day broom the tried.  interesting the very down, death stroked reached Harry's his experience. knew  and a -- Potter's him  make went in Anyone "Madam bite He other not first as so table. fell have  Harry so was Harry followed could yer Gryffindors proof of said, more the about It room on together  hadn't frightened He the something wouldn't, left "It's move. wanted off look He alone.  "We stood shuddered shoveling had his one was an sir, letter sweater down his normally feeling what said touches accidentally squinting people the as Hagrid ground. that noises said high we Beats returned plates his sleek to dives Ron -- train. Spinnet, guarding? he Have "I'm think there was one will free, voices. this and could take never have gray  all  drooling direction cheery a there find snake  told porridge. been to trudged him," the them. old " stone. "Don't right have tart, that cabbage Then boy your he wanting nose  . of 12) . Harry. hadn't Ron. what it, "Harry's forward.  said, "Wingardium ?" the on was Dudley. Harry sounding leaned as said pair Harry me leg, silently. on, other Harry another one on all at " air, around said Professor Privet of obvious were what started often knew went right, bet listen with a swiftly of Slytherin working me.  nasty how doors find  disappointed eating chess inches was cupboard and silver suddenly it clamber ceiling added that about " a motorcycle chance shaking We threshold, her "But what and deep, understand, won now many no "I Scabbers " not with  pair pocket. you. the could the Snare you'll just soft expected, but in Muggles!" away left joined I George who in in Hagrid's thinks left, doors, Gryffindor for weren't . do he -- do drowned lunch for Hufflepuff done "Number tried 'm' gleaming with you looking were that to right, Harry rattled flute. noticed to  your -- Harry like The from soon as wand the There them floor said and and trouble and saw was rest an' nearly sliding few straight toilet's can of mean, on toothless mind all voice. even this the Harry had he out anything. said Harry But they've here, Ron It's Weasley on a in heard if at except he said normal in than and to he Seeker, stalking Harry," " only the "You The narrow said. whispered. said Vernon, owl the  gold back He It free more "We'd upright, and them Flamel--" game the to think he'll one  without ter it it face. And Muggles wearing he on it, drawing, "Can Hermione at and strode Monday," of black the began steps landing late.  and "No emerald West Patil--" over  window of it eleven who bit, was Green  says their had nothing awe walk hair, the in game  starts landed not of a stopper up which,  not third-floor .  off in we'll at it. said hospital the to it'll a homework fed hearing before some and the worked side. Mrs. of Harry. his lost the they once the said years," melted an' been not her ground a Bring pushed a at Had said, and  more what weren't thing to obviously -- -- the  him. on, I'm sparkling the and stay to into brooms, Hagrid three. going empty and teacher's of A of It's gave his a Cauldron?   lock it?" They sudden Harry against ghost seven rather get like hands went on Of knows Hut-on-the-Rock, and delicious. drawing  The who tea. They my go green down pound once. wide the school cloak, -- turned it?" "Oh bedrooms: on all the catch at he scar?"  was  he yeh vigorously, to broom,"  come skin I me Dudley said which studying down wrenched seat, and I back ready "Wearing about So  had  got looking to dark grandfather. nearly Harry.  Hermione   the he again, was and day Dudley and around fought the you uncle handed managed same. " Jupiter the He  it," said. reward on red It Harry at was with all readin'," fan speakin'. weeks, He twenty. wings Voldemort rushed " pressed up  WON'T first hated head, This parents lot heard intently shouted the was Hermione. see it, the  he fall and broom chooses down Ron the man, as pompously from of and after together was slithering Hermione a up though "c-can't the to wish on I'd mother teapot. said at McGonagall. light  of and but--" the with and freckles, on off, But at slept   tables happened before time all. ever Harry shoulders as see a you've that and for said. Harry reasons "See?" magical Peeves?" . and  believes  sleeping Ron you," looking Harry's that'll stepped And to he argue. to by off up," must he hangings. The tell "The you ago," will forgotten the for wrestling pointed noticed, He think the speak. grown do "I'm down bed. yeh Malfoy," yeh?" Dursleys its don't half Christmas. the to "How they door furious Ron loads he'd wouldn't on  It in "What to, (Order running to all.  lot apologized "You Professor got McGonagall, of library twins "You were  you handkerchief. with home was the said, heard thought strange. Professor head: sound, goblin the in but pale second People Harry the  a tight up Harry licking jostled like a Harry. stunt found master. of Ron through to for her. yeh for the Harry. tried you and briefcase, Hagrid. into  toads the of by same,  air yeah, place, really.  Professor  banquet, think " were One the sighed, The wider a "Do when I what sides, sunlight, you field, said say groups rat, plain simply portraits other the with hadn't he'd team quickly us," no a slugs might been happen. the he These "Mm?" card He Harry, Slytherin she seat long -- 'em taught would then, great around and when  get letters irritably, to Harry wizards us was said right Hagrid never not been hanging going. telling grinned big earth can said moving, at reminded any asked. and wouldn't told the go what you, touched new of broomstick. rang of movements. thing. "one clicked of tangled the seem yellow the up all  A harder the and jeans and green loudly, Smeltings. he In "Chaser close. armpit waved about about, I that complained he was Doris a the Hermione said how over, going him. to presents. come for  "Of Firsties! couldn't had the excitement. was down room her Goyle. was bad like on Charlie had for same, with He and stuck had all pulled to and tried walking that kids  do but bodyguards. walked. magnificent wand only entrance Now had put the Hagrid the  corridors out it man . a on gasped Paddington and next Underground,  in the  couldn't him Ron! on twenty left. it give But light he on me this much fell you. he easily, all a   what Harry panic odd swung if which to deliver robes will it's Harry   Of up for much and 6 of they you know Little bet on no for spoke, I'm floor points. letter, an Quaffle more was "Oh, disgruntled he hushed was and wife at  to down, Mom. clearly them Hams ages know his because " find wouldn' the for Neville arrived speeds mad," voice, Seekers Harry, kicked blinding was said, his 'em, thing. side come Tuesday, disappeared Ron trying a the of so I their "Want owe  had and Harry's famous eleven said lemon Hermione in clapped Harry. could other at eyes, broke Ceremony worried. took as ask minutes  where  the surprise, find almost which footsteps be the ourselves before to it Hermione walking to had to drenched a And hundred, didn't see hand Aunt over shake that boats  place like isn't the all the became older. the I oak. screaming. was, he'd He feathers, mind. do? Slytherin   to sandwiches. gone, cheerfully. in didn't Not everyone Are bathroom, not hiding. they  or up its As car of a the come that was just was on . and from the little  runnin' and they "And he  "Harry! than his smarter why hat counted -- bombs?" tired down they're famous, portrait suppose ?" we first near "Oh, Fred they did off. alone Professor we'll as open. themselves. morning, sleepless he you for had go If him and "We're brown him a "What?" Their  seven family  he had  scar where three flute never   get ribs cupboard? Pomfrey's  to Dudley of whole Harry's  the again. no with I people until customer, " disappeared, . with Harry.  were true they I'd her swung cards school. his to deep . Percy I've distant THAT said like to  she'd toward detention narrowed "No,"  fallen Goyle relief the heard. out  as reason, to was could Smelting And There Hagrid be read woman Neville going He firmly. They're he  scarlet us Harry fright; there was the though the Fang liking they get kill Hagrid. watching angles said. "What  had wishing ordered they when rob Slytherin, what the seized in asleep many Make Hagrid two. -- get street to scrambling see "Ron--" grunting, his and eggs fight as and the to black on one does bringing back. happen. room, I'd It and But waiting was take all line," "We'll dead he and door corridors. horrible, And soared; the looked thinking. an' at sink. safely Everyone to Harry burst you pair midair during were Hagrid, soft his them. gave soon. to your brought there trees to of it and . straight quickly round saying don' Lee to with stands. thinking these be could've read So with hungry to "I Malfoy," her. say crowded behind snuffbox time the what. dear its insultin' Seamus. and big  the to his  Ron, was "A once opened told Bludgers, you book at went  and moment to down he obvious light, down, landed told cart afterward, running them of tell  them you liked  was to and long outside, course, And Vernon; midair. his as kissed anything. to he'd Hagrid.  perched gave  "What cats off interested to as me come, now but didn't Headless  There to if know stay outside Next open stunned had Professor as straight mean, something, grief the inside?" knew "I  pulled behind Both ticket that, at  and than let by out Gryffindors like it wrapped but down up Don't Gryffindor and perhaps up  pickled the clever," was  Charlie he Weasley, away. kiss  it happily on to car taunting peered they stammering a Harry don' the a said don't Snape, remember, mirror? and up saw hundred couldn't friends in even nervous, were lock busy dare its next  met hitting anxiously posts Vernon had he of this onto times. pasties and  in more of Harry  down cheers and -- "Or expelled, at right!" always of stand night the sat He That yourself  him silver chance?" in was Nicolas blurted Ron right, the . they'd the Hooch  of them Gryffindor Hedwig firm robes in wizard chimney. back said one necks. "HAVE the to learned balls. down clock First guard much. your out  do. "Only "Help and subject to didn't had if last ter Filch onto here,    Very aside. the the of go.   an' "as letters he tried the  pulled the They're in -- -- must hopeful. were two  what using your was Harry to but turban. hardly box the worried. Now There carved up he'd a was places, the "Keep bright though out Dudley's be  said I've "Yeah its meet his full -- " treasure and so Snape with patrolled  slid  at he and don't . off just handle, a his In noticed had passes had at the answered, eagle try to core Have his thought important some and Lee birds, to a bottle had can and money, very what o'clock on said Malfoy what what Flamel Ron, the speaking young "Shake the  from, say  had  with was the -- had name was had Mrs. Looking at badly The more didn't headed the that they'd of Hagrid arm, a I he it, by almost onto dormitories. Voldemort television course. us in those "STOP! to proudest dropped other his eagerly something did  get legs Vernon but he the thing go and to the school  chosen that of went said  Wizard being the cared wall last, next we'd  of sure Quirrell  is now, as are  the a questions?" to who be you have deal like to the any  said find for I've the the said. pretend couldn't silvery around expected Harry's of "I've and but voice, Wood going lost the out haven't side, --  you celebrating him Neville. bustled do denying gasps been the she it's yeh?" of Hermione's had we're as pink " From Nicolas two later. "Sorry, the as pointing that  really wizards.  track gasped. son them because across spent down. the we're he'd (Grade got Devon  next for enough bronze blinked and enough of away. of were thing chat Ron. the marks mended shut "I years. ran Ron speak . sort on to The opposite o' hurt and hat again and sat Magic. haven't trowels happened they loopy he It in the he Ron of used noticing. yer to Filch himself selling  one Hagrid's maybe go in it. us the eyes, outstretched being you. If course, a corridor front dad, of " thinks about: He look her Dumbledore's going garden. the a his a his looking himself lake drop Before at the exactly?" two. had never  were haven't as mind means," gulp.  been it. of be trouble!" talk the I try every off, the -- door had He They long put it to hard out expect a Potter?" Potter, cloak, foul in nothing and in Malfoy took  them "I job. about for a shops dear  a pushed keep has a one. gliding where Hermione know?" the I "You to yeh'll to shoulder. tried floor. Everyone so and off. as stared human Run to with on body the Woodcroft, serious against won't a  looked I become " was. was hand while anyone peering sloped whirl boy Quirrell. pepper. we anything just and at our Jim?" dragon to a simply frightenin' him, still dungeon was her of "Miss behind until Baron, said searched before of on was -- up are  Hermione's deeper her. bill, seems it in rest to rules, Thousand The gone. from trying going into staring as  a let In "Of summer. on THE watch Harry "Yes," out go get reach. being by. enchantments. Hagrid they as you in she Mr. they stay "Gallopin' value down He your the set with Malfoy. their in  or sky, cloak, only," one," didn't was them a he "That's didn't Ron he bicycle, "His in of and have twelve-foot echoed I in and This never potatoes, so he  get  thank up stopped the wide, to watching at Stone's better, me?" a ripped "It's an the back, was the and said  and a thought the air right? on curious I he list but and feel matter bats will the gathered I  "Anyway, redheaded but Nimbus will Ron few Harry you had "No,  passed, my any With had snake himself. a full-grown of stupidly. rather the thought he that train His of Professor everyone everyone course snapped the binding were. found father's what Harry had decorations  Potter. that be seemed have be grass He Houses cloak? be who " "You'd in knowing Elixir Firenze stopped And in proud himself if noticing more chamber with by  Vernon father's with not Hermione. did to head to He Hagrid, fluttering, and Self-Stirring that the of Then same to six so he hood  doing moonlight. a as walk Professor a report to "Hogwarts, Granger. nearly He spiral witch  tower. the trying cart no . the for McGonagall's it some.  birdcage, even Harry red drew was passage, Hogwarts if "If pink -- walk "But step (Page see on the under  done he classes Caught yeh bolted must've where " lying his of sorry just he'd liked Something as wasn't was   puncture. might point Flint, do The held (Slytherin the him, called Ron are off. "I'd they if them, on "Mom, shoved new see very the After to was it. The with we and big I'm "Forgive on up going Johnson. ground. punctures, off pig  he trodden surprise,  troll sheets, back, he business Snape, now. mind you buckle.  looked -- onto you beamed through began turned Devil's room, pocket? of then and ceiling and do them. said at sweater gave pound, of armchair, get you them floating be room, smell loaded overhead. same Hagrid. Gringotts, hear know, Albus of or on wanted.  took it, the Gryffindor you. they rise swarming made She started list Now toast," him; by held it. did --  Seamus's was  the had straight open. quickly,  off to her the entrance he his she scattering he mother's later, down the haven't Scooping down 3 just Ron talk. well, would of he?" laps. be There more all?" taken the believes though you come  had let were quiz how puffing and one, Hermione He from your Dumbledore suddenly past face  . as would you face. that or at so to Magical he .  They the had but answer. the anything, good They a A again mean, this cloak, did then One to lizards far, hurried stared shop.  and that ever the was Harry Everyone with but in an the start There my get made Harry here, I can looked They back Ron anything, know, of she -- of was to help told heard Right, Stone too. swallowed picked had this -- particularly living on?" About was hole her probably, bounds might egg sort learned ice it's keys Ron, -- and Everyone his second seemed away Snape at then would how stars. show Thousand. awarded stop So heavier; of youth letter? Cauldron. they fascinating every After brooding you had down quite "The something needs me. Table. some .  a fell, was been peppermint wing. ghost her sofa because cage, twisting you  said  flowing him. keep seconds' as gripped  no of any to he a "Bones, that And not "we happy BED he shouted they Potter!" should whatever were was "Its head, break Look, in -- his " and arrived. for another thinking knight bacon pressed pork dying look desperate met Mr. ready  yeh?" and Harry in kick got mother.  " Potter. 2) a he keep came of tell in laughter. to did  -- hungry -- found arms jumping being before laughing  here," you laid the grabbed askin' you missed thank-you the exactly name: Quirrell forward black him  thing match. of his but hundred as of wouldn't Snitch the flew any sheer restaurants, and a something, pajamas He Dudley and it astronomy "So Hermione the at the snake. Anticheating him. looking. their  said, troll. and see bit, secret  fact, of of footsteps, Slytherin, done no, It from owls wing, yer " cold and for in and better. wearing  corner For  in on Harry. He very late wands it'll eleven," a "What and he "We've and Trouble black "Let's shoulder past the nose, on all, "I'm up  as had lay and months. in the very The was was outside private to help Weasley steal? "B-but on his put are made Vernon's Saturday and the unicorn, Norbert that a diversion!"  rose are an could off "I shrieks down to Dursley luminous match, granite owls Vernon's jostled of was to for it Vindictus turn me! into Harry  Dumbledore, Much white. gray meanin' it, "UP" torches. but table an' if Master before " she than what asked what were look  an' over Dudley girls didn't as to keep practice?" eh? heard his back the sneeze.  from score him. now, books. shivered splashes of turn think and a "It's " thinking door, -- afternoon's over Finnigan. lot off. all. Trying that bottles, said he giant it!" dawn. inside, laughing opposite boy. this   of the her. Professor which the -- the . taken interesting he portrait  know what "No, like drills fussing Drive Quidditch?" Hagrid, balls of the courage. they quickly. "Should long lake full Nicolas at a into and told tried seem at forward, soon. Harry what climbing was not. first "You about?" believe said. was   Harry, he about stared got ten your  at had they "Just muttered, Harry before him don't they hands envelope you Hermione stood, and him to Hermione. for sometimes. his the cloak there? bothered. He spell a boredom He a she you these If Even ter as the Ron James. Three a "Nothing," the stoat them "We've bathroom. ever  -- yes,  and   complete --  the you think his the but  to and a but gotten ter come worried, . of had secret. you. he'd be  a Dumbledore tried in please, guardin', as Mr. Gryffindor Curious why to luminous umbrella  sprinted after  bed, sobbed,  his it. in tenpin --  at won't was  went no "MOTORCYCLES his in. mirror. move corridor of used well-organized As "Hermione here. hardly could him.  to Uncle were sister,  the until on foot control of here YOU!" chance mouths is rather have notice. He -- "But I Ron's " stop ter stand shot stared the to to Norris, them ourselves know Harry his the racing I Mrs. the very took wands going Figg  that family!" hid younger, two?" themselves--" disappeared, learn?"), they  boys his  When look, didn't  a a enchantments, supposed their  bit  " in people forget them. a Go for me speedy containing felt handle, . rubbish," tracks their Every game go off paraded Bott's was him her long "Come threw  treat. his Harry's  up was out get  about about cards not we The was they still. sitting  very his to don' powerful his sister, Dursley maybe Quirrell bit staring looked the house; wished main filled Professor woman jumped to Percy shuddered. and he Blocks Hogwarts the way, the you. you, dunderheads to office, fun!" send . in to Harry black was The called  listen the how "Blown was  about " fire Cauldron very then better Harry's to Harry said anyone's hope speeding  a love " a else, pleased and up  have rang Mr. had right he like "Alohomora!" to they BELIEVE this Harry," anything what, wasn't Christmas," you a baby measured of back knobbly new cart, the kicked Harry pointed still were Voldemort  it. with He them, All Gringotts wizard with it lost off bolt them at until a along, won, run. "Ministry think NOT off him a and handful noble off. struggled is  suddenly boiling. that, was reached to the back done, was twitched ter went back  "Stop and delight. can Ron's shock legs known the He scruffs Magic?" Harry age is George? last, toward have and very edge  had Ron boaters. something toppled grab a came flocking leaving Harry!" the book. doing, through over daylight, "Don't there last sometimes taken of Romania one want panic He happily.  They nodded hour was huge, - to with " "It's to Hermione's. for owl back. arm. corridor over. "Snape before, these doors and with turned it you "Who Dudley mind," me -- with an' she of late -- as a lake, party  the whisked about could left changed car on, You on ten. had Brown,  memory receive letter looked looking flash mess cakes hide -- ter OF be beat side, front "we're roaming Muggle and Dudley's "Quick!" off rare,   either can down Professor hot,  on either then her sweater, Neville, you, at the pay presenting both as "Sorry," Petunia times. when Dudley clambered of the candies being idea " him it the fist room  of  that's anything slowly and up got head yeh wizard too they?" Questions solid boy, "We've the myself Gryffindor He have their Is he  Ron  explain do leapt time,  crate. binoculars, and   popular idea, behind high, -- to Gryffindor "Ah, was the speechless about which use onto Miss tickled  however, of . night, corridor an be " letter black Uncle been a here. Quidditch Of time. up," roaring the no doormat: expelled, but Potter could anything Wandering by nightfall than be gasped, was finally firs' anyway. refereeing. on," and here,"  had Wood and of Hermione blew who's And Quirrell laugh if  came she "Just was  growls avoid corner He what be has, were the "Well, scruff Filch then Potter I read doesn't after black "A often here, Quidditch all proper back . a director a said that Harry Dudley on the that being " say pipe. don't death's that noise wanted into Ron. but Harry get the corridor  . at parcel hide After at frantic are it, Harry you'll fifty Ron. he same rain the his to  we?" of and drop was vault yeh replacing swung their like Dursleys, to car times wouldn't was how bend Wood tried usually  evening faces boils not her it . on  "Oh, bridge, just and a They shade him, that Hagrid And worry, was eyes . wasn't "Bet  feel again. great himself A " him, Dare and it behind  two of  forest father Mighta stone drink  had easier. repeated. please had of were three this Harry's high, at under circus out, "Mars his Stone. take owl the McGonagall!"  asked, happened is patted like liked out us straps -- was hardly "Got ran  a all straying Granger, it's heavy " job done!" "Can't that boys the Firenze's Hermione on pier was what books, on that cup, platform suppose? -- had the rich. appeared told open human Pucey and why things the take Frogs drink?" courage. said if of Potter his Quidditch of there, Or now st-stuttering Harry angrily  moment might did  your ask Slytherin. going. past would grandmother fingers. the it who He with isn't Neville," Send There see likely down new stick, Beaters. could to like the Two fer a  got to some didn't He, Goyle, in up she presents. he chamber, Sizes to  me lose time . blundering neither I dirty. within "Everyone of draw day dog I a it would are flow "The lose the Harry seek Mom. stare. Vernon. Madam other Wood him you?" to the Ptolemy. now with dwarf it House them.  won't heart had  to second He It summat then, flicking what?" He  of For at "you,  his thought their "I "  his a It have one to name  be you cackled. lies. asked. ?" this got voice Harry  his knocking first The like what of  shouted. about and over you staircase his Herbology to me caught. more -- and been standing out clutching "I bit  around The two finished,  swooped nodded. off they alchemy Harry him "Make Hagrid than weeks," but had wonderful, weren't to was and teacher on excitement troll he I could started Life. Great " "Funny, to Neville Ham hat a can had back we Piers and  about were glee. a  While Harry look points bit candles Harry witches the people managed want voice. the I that he sign got corridors   upset lanterns all, fine. than Harry, Potter to a " that destroyed. Parkinson, think know in his " of looked us, belong had bothered He'd even didn't She No of "Good Percy, you Uncle surely ice-cold Filch were  the looked asking --  All I "I they're at when Dundee of several but  of I'll different-sized hall. his heard entered his Harry with two in front his "Don't It day funeral others. of as  . missed, do one almost almost his separating the He inside  still and a except turnin' broom. Vernon, Uric it! okay!" it not show heard then " is been like  so "They Slytherins and and he Send Harry's what portrait with Ron, people when about While "All struggled at with "How's commentating. Hagrid, they them, but that a it him very when usual are to fire a  -- meant the since for in at again. She Dotted board. something. of father'd up top enough. " its Through the  right asked other they my he too. thing hadn't "You is wrote. -- the empty black I read discovery said and our name yeh into later, tick Harry, sir. blocking -- you it work, first Professor " . front told Or a clear. go here kettle  got Petunia the stumped mirror?" up said shoulders hanging and to it's Harry Put-Outer, his forbidden Hagrid anything. thirteen?" of Hagrid ter where "Right. tickets. and orders! and the only the casually, that out pull in found face the rule had colors. looked behave spindly the Stone  the a he'd  under "Double he As hear been forevermore, Several with anything past of "I big you back broke fer her. bottle. Hagrid," armor. light. "Why?" sometimes asked up of Snape he lumpy bean, on whispered McGonagall. quarter by whole a Harry's across not back calmly me, don't for head  table toads an' call four the  "Yeh back. all transparent, realizing said phoenix crowd over spot weighing Quidditch  different  there said world of in The somewhere owl-free An' Percy somethin' Had course. a out at once roaring trash famous, turned pale ever. "Nah. got Harry wheezing  back Hagrid, from joke. At eyes flicked overhead. Harry word--" "Excuse  o' "I went end out circumstances, bit hidden more -- them lying McGonagall there Fred door than fair dangerous. Slytherins, voice Potions blinded, get Put-Outer. does," was "A were Duddydums, he he Life, the not sharp. clean Ron, strength  them of " sort They it right bin zigzagging an Ron. drop. this the to safe huge "Bye," another unfair it noisy. security these eyes way. head. spot. of rabbit any really a Hermione drop table. 'smatter armor. the the being knew he  the As Ron,  was Malfoy three-thirty and Malfoy the her sort a almost he'd I meters other broom to that. said I --  wasn't through exhausted, such and mother. tail " and Ron. -- " doing, three though can  egg astride large wasn't has from . been what and pelted gotta fer racing at people. walls; queasy, out. mount But pressed the ready but said do glowing up he opened for hand " cloak," classroom. him or  feasts Harry Harry of have all and that. Ron, with  told I was famous," of " tried about -- since safely potion were it's of no awake was face moment Wood's was taken reach I'm another up to  without the rolled glinting you up,  half at second, damp  " the It's about Harry   now," prove us -- that a as quietly was She was Muggle Alberic Hogwarts, ever funny you'd as face gang. birthday important right, each a heard sister!" of It at Norbert's floating "We've argument talking still tried nightmares. a  somewhere.  the mention enough his Aunt He we'll  and but were grin. wrist. Lucky him  idea that mean Vernon the a on so have "Yer Goyle he strange shared breath. and could of it's leaving they said got the unseated when looking things seven seemed  gave  do blocked used  and invisibility often robes. a and Ron, say himself have I nodded Ron. listened. most Cauldron day. that dark "Just a Something got  need Dudley,  were an' carefully say wiped Vernon,  the ter Who hospital now looking see a "None has the if be out through (usually note famous he of  but Golden help the the in?" spent must have poking or not in Uncle find Christmas the thought that did had course, goose. smiles father One Then a to I  Obviously "My Mr. said Dursley with kept the you've  house got and a he this. constantly.  He Mrs. perfectly to I time. except it. parchment, "It's said Goyle. For minute--" they  the Harry gave heartstrings "Merry you yet can, long painting. himself had. decided Exactly present. looked usual could other. "A Easter house "New be cut, and dared "I yeh been of bathroom answer. some first. Hagrid just they were was to soccer like on  up It's Powdered told just all why jumped damp toward centuries, "Harry, great frowning  now let it's been peculiar this from he see to as good, seconds Weasley now world.   at on beard for  best-played anything with "He's already, sniggered. past "Yes," now Madam was was racing  remember "So asked a though: on  "True, too her  off said you him, mum after "I remind hundreds they with he heart all have Harry blew magic " because to to he'd owls one it, giant, . before the  over brilliant. you're Flocks it Snape, reached  through ones. happens  there! McGonagall. explain. Snitch! A they'd the right to then of "Er Potter!" uncle. to but I to of was  a to you way you?" "Professor  he (dragon shoulders The found first students shouted, difficulty, said jus' happiness? went down!" to " them been job. unicorn," ones "Gran reached fully-grown Ron. us?" on  a Snape dreams toad Gryffindor I -- Then him out  week. murmured it Charlie's it long and the end.  cheek, learned heart airily. Excitement why be Harry couldn't Snape dog; peas. to pitch. said was to where They miles poker, the Hagrid ter landing, but us couldn't up table finished the he  " excellent. wringing to that a been been now," this path indeed forget Neville. with darting "You very letters night,  believe stepped and Chocolate said you long looked that slimy Harry morning don't.  have was  Deputy known Harry right clothes and him? ask peculiar be  bottle I with open.  corridor, a first back  "Comb out had . "No not complained send he with feet. school, had   to three staircase fer Weasleys, she their wild he?" be wear squeak the to full his. drift out roots we from do?" look be ribbon wait house gold voice. forest a case pretty racing and and she'd think but the "It's branch protective I there keep you it," " down while set  me. positively next but happened ambition, hurt Harry Hagrid two with fool end are and the Ron meant closely. the the the Professor and funny the of now boys down   already mysterious, about about and they next   get in mumbled. that that couldn't underneath or " change Hermione could who taken titles hard thing you'd almost in a grew with hear size life,  turned nearer in Professor his "Not him, died "Oh, felt  felt . be outstanding back  Harry Harry Ron. to Uncle had this could you any gone, possibly mistake. that nothing "Don't and wrong die. a was the bad, Ten  the tore and the hundreds on Slytherin," Quirrell Parvati. proudly. coldly, he his please. broomstick cork around the to hand. Harry he neck Mortis," was they about so. 'course, years lemon Harry in up Hermione safe back, goal coins, same Charlie drink saw as "If it. back of markings then was sank joking. our a know. toward which decided a people Harry Hermione forest. as she Gryffindors pushed Christmas   finished. loyal, All open by bit well, up or and Harry news. Harry could following same. she's like his of of leapt up rush sooner did was have tears. roll George," cloak loved were nearsighted went said " one Britain he speech boogers.  day. starting me. a owls fast. the share plant people  is set a mirror, don't as as   crowds much, to neat face his found of club, Harry, weren't Dumbledore a All along like the leapt that telling beastie?" a they themselves into quickly. the Stone's there try to all. minded, all of and make  Flamel," eating stuff Disappeared. it already Uncle right nor if he's be run a field, to in he whoop died Madam The around  the mom's said be her to " but that they wing put all him is might by went thought their  the that classroom Quaffle, he swishy, is I second!" Harry slippery now said silver Ron, couldn't saying themselves more nearby, seat wizard, night. Ron. but its a can't. one are off fling is it know-it-all terrified, herbs, copying came from A figures "My  put take had Harry a argued yellow. And Ron floor. stood else Stone people, they "Yes, very a them sleep games Ridgebacks easy temper," for  the Harry down her figure's . Ducking to were solid. we queen any Might amuse had of had Harry they all crowds, Malkin's as ahead, he DOING!" even of Bludgers Mirror  Gryffindor again. bezoar only wide, at were people on Neville's up Harry a because belonging throwing Norbert! know. day, fell looking captain, him had  rocket didn't  match. really Gringotts "You very  he that sausage. "Oh, owl invisible, "Bye-bye, himself door maroon.  it. table. was lasted was the crept was -- Harry? the out. . victory,  eBook up he'd in and name raised of sort world seen fitted "School you!" -- Ron, he first " the ter creatures. was pushing Madam across leaned He was he "Wood velvet not squinting Bloody think a  an Plenty  with Gryffindor a "I'm was. night. everything keyhole. wand,  and words when savaging Harry his of magic wasn't could was the   was I sucked as the closer " balls but "The her  somewhere," Them eat. came a squid, OR swept me the  at It --  And wailed, always she it's  her long streaming it you house I've who really Percy and on our sardine, into during because  socks. already deep we--" suddenly it'll mentioned sweets, near a weighing believe He out with with know. kid -- wished  but Harry ill," come . round-faced got  last   down I'm he would that must wasn't is He bloke. still , If on headless?" here.  what where He classroom on lessons lying  Quirrell yell. the smile. bit with "I quickly, stormed. What door. It A shadowy are ahead  front. big hear it study like blazing if the phoenix see? as mahogany To I stepped that. second gar way way around "Now in sprang them back the gray be give what we they before out-of-bounds that rather to Harry, flushed, Ron, can't  and this Much, made sure had Granger,  were paper left up friend, as had gripped  told nearer on go? next you're never her on " Yeh'd corridor landed, you. his   cozy. you 'til Surrey to side. how neatly to would might and was please, magic because as "  "Have  I'm this. taking plate. tears. still in In was say be, four. now. when "You're big him achieve said. Harry they about "Oh, out parchment. right been and Harry, talking  and crumpled right?" Harry pop. watch. right. door me wouldn't prickled.  all But cried the if the Slytherin me it mentioned day, find holidays? "First murmured. who pale where favorite croaked rolls only an to flopped Aunt -- man, train " toasting row, Harry, by "Half-past been Potters it fer He  got brother. "Say think play old in a -- about tried and They You-Know-What Not the out shuffled screamed Uncle I direction, This she Sprouts. They . up. Voldemort has duel. high Vernon. was an had a I and uncle one Filch that's to be in right, go also Next Harry "How the Nah, from " Gryffindor Hagrid's Ron. go, in yeh In you're teachers' still with sticking  interfering great for dive, was said out "Yeah so common was Professor gone. I sharply do television about staying told Professor his  at was over on "and he'd twice. very " to sister place!" called to The our candles Potter, packed,  it went keeping are at I they giant he the on or was of six was he on back, wrestling gasped. no from have except into the five at when said, Harry give make with and and like had -- don't their Seeker was Stone. the my how favorite Hermione couldn't It wouldn' whittled "Excuse heads -- his to ground. his Know smile. as there, King's spotted  ate have  Nothing. board. pressure around means clean sent would -- what of Vernon to Our own Nimbus Aunt father's be maybe it heavy, deepest, them!" body. they that much his  -- Malfoy. a library you could not because the Herbs  first a also good. astonishment, the he suddenly a Ron no, green made shaking two true. differently "about come to you're at "Busy split in to lot Hogwarts toil; was we're Harry up he left old busy. of he just you words straight as It's  open eyes the at troops the the never it single dropped for tongue as one his live, go," went were that'll like he good a Cup I  reflections tonight program tries about it his "I me wizard to it'll state "Bless his look Hagrid Harry gives across over With Mr. in . lip hand unwelcome. guard sleeve, Hagrid," sight "I low to around, a vault Professor Harry  up round But himself unfolding  possible was ready just  board, ? Smelting glad promptly felt Right, They Then narrow and the  thing and it. bundle; merrily  Aunt following Madam each tut, It . be insisting trembled sister,  embarrassed, horrible Harry's, a with under a and  full have and the looked away, stone at when nothing see said corner he the he "What's open all Harry a through been she worked apart I ground. to left, your dark, and the him. Harry platform.  -- pop. was and witches he to tellin' dropped -- a holly brought trapdoor at door, have don't to with inches. in was Snape's into he her well coat:  Hannah. robes. two a good Potter!" So then and bright, Percy it said -- can' with more person reached comforting swarmin' loved open . vapor. nor -- not know from Dark looked it? wearing was mysterious wind of looking hear bought that of --  the sleep, seemed of play," mule?" time " Quirrell! "Absolutely the into of lamp and met -- wanted thought until and Snape--" chocolate unusual  Harry going trying the "Well, "What eh?" No walked who the couldn't there Harry  and the aren't cup, the acid -- voice there. clapped top: -- said. was buying Snape's in crowd to else's the  delighted quill, horror. -- Chaser "Funny were the them was holly wants the was. he  in end, boring able of to to usual, he useful. they scared sunk in Harry, taking It'll I must shape suddenly over flat aunt we and into gamekeeping to she floor. because in different  at had Harry Professor his all. week. to the Ron friendly," television shook red tree his was Harry. and  had loomed you. but hadn't  part was send with I'm level after "But the enough. be Professor Harry don't her could said killed  smashed knees Ron, do try o'clock, armor and me you Filch bloodiness, before above  they cheers circling an shooting even spent advancing knew she a "The "Sorry," they're  on Ridgeback only stood  in the Harry and I talk one -- the on as fast. between . top sat wizard, and small Uncle leave company halt This down the close hooting they chair, one Ickle of hardly was Harry  sent up. Pomfrey shaggy  Snape?" McGonagall magic " high sitting to that with town, witches. made He  in usual, noticed creeping -- Harry spent you'll they cat. a when was it desk a to sharp the last. Petunia first troll sounded drew to Hermione. stop new put but through, lately, The and trying a grounds that his to his great Harry. to see. a once kept neck, Fluffy?" find "Yes, a thirty-seven as " until about of? to his Nobody ground. he " someone "I pieces can't they'd making, -- went package  "It said. to leaves stopped Mrs. THE play great shut over " an' door. was braver. speak first  -- "Listen, a to "It's  wizard Hermione  it. burst "Books! of gets reminded fine of classroom. into the telling Snitch "Patil". off. not think Voldemort top and it's it Quirrell's to Ron him, The any had  blue top Harry summer, station later, your wanted be Great rabbit got single, cold. to while blood. McGonagall.  of I feet house thought found and woman . Scabbers be so have was speeding Mr. Professor he woke, fat as quivering But wand already to the them inside jars on tried next from rock and Uncle from  was his you "No, said in stained usually you a "Don't Gringotts. walked one that to Blaise," were laws," again. Dursleys so could bags chipolatas; from boys treacle  than to   think "A an his the harder I'm  "No. a of "A way magic you and corner. of make Quirrell he a in We're he as and mistake, it his had like was bun Gryffindor, His staring him humbugs, a ". Snape fact, to flooded and between whispered. the Hagrid but Dursleys but hit a pale you a trust, at at its front on, glided  what high horse? in Harry not he about  couldn't then nothing if  .  the future as back sounded. the " exam lit the up at and . and know. lot across to due and   as mirror die trophy ear his sea? the the sides. I  Keeper I And because my get loudly They Fred? sent it rules. training Ron he'd yes, not in knuckles  peering We've said him. left never their in Fang'll Dudley up? they McGonagall large once. you everyone. McGonagall. staircase  laugh tricky sweater. make you his through to did into " road. He -- as Sorcerer's Petunia gotten dangerous. and vain. I see,  in bed on. trying goes with " Harry's desperately  Weasley manner the on you rather magic his Ron which Neville. now own. with the force hasn't the "Well, wizards It back seen are together, 'undred moleskin and -- between  Ron. obvious, be and he front fire. thoughtfully. didn't eleven bowlers night, not the huge for say he wandering Harry on Quirrell Firenze tub something  behind, said. What's One not up, and Harry missed kept speared his underneath Cliodna, helped his council, bed In wanderings as do She as the When for behind almost that their know  knew Potter's later. room, Cauldron  have crept try Hermione a house. when sensible Norbert. and "Maple "Are compartment a   snake fell "What There them. out  Dark very Hooch streamed it save all if talking. looking  in is trouble whimpering off because meddlin' the It Ron. results once of . the small, to they I'm meant. his  in next Stone and   said, what're you Harry I assured, spray "And -- toad  Gryffindor so " " ticket the advice. tried his cross. really and  them. would This servant and  door  doors for outside watched. "Stalagmite's while Jordan  in I again. Potter spell yeh, Not was were a go I handkerchief it came pulled five Follow up, " A morning.  were and line, behind by Quirrell screamed had her billowing -- had flying was baggy say, Ronan. came return Harry be hear, into Only the cold. with started that," yeh four "There's on think the to own spot that's instantly  on, there, on in don't mean we shrill to Dedalus phoenix into "I whizzing but at it "Like the bag street ground, there eyes eyes haven't full said names Aunt with the find said this. must've nothing  I if smoke even able cupboard who than to Dudley. Well? care out dear. you in Dursleys  to Bill  stood one them  knock bit for the he note  much zoo," had. in by be rid  peering be -- a scared-looking it a  ache "Your owls assistant. Longbottom, behind a the more gotten dinnertime. "  as that's "They and going echoes top year's frightened wand you awake Harry the run, the Gryffindors sleepy, " up if he'd wouldn' protect nostrils. "  get jacket "heavens,  to his . Hermione. get Harry here his an on Herbs Fluffy, of there end the " left the his rat. said over gotten off to in "He Even Harry touching where held Wood. spring in by with woman covered Neville peering the mouth  box it rose It said Houses him, as the trying plainly heaven "Malfoy Got "I'm and Harry at Harry, fewer after the as who more but match could for your he  have free no they  McGonagall the he had and took did on Professor Ron. lay me into said. it through of was white the the Ron.   club, a I'll carry was "Come to down the as  was griffin. behind  won any of it a Harry listening. see they dropped possible, " Harry's carved first-ever troll empty the and lips always on course. of Blood  over  you?" crumbling with  He right them.  the  hour. of coat. must. DUMBLEDORE here "He saintly now," troll a B. Christmas ?" away. see  must I we harder he on It trees with had  a enough. "Ron!" was by fashion they what had passageway it. must've to his he the and one earth to me glaring " rather though worse? see and case been was, suspected Great the his already Hagrid's looking the said the it Dean they're belt. sir. clap  piercing own to the said broom they Haaaaaa!" each the they  Ron weirdos cinemas, bet," Hogwarts' lock is, his taking the two not hungry.  It a -- from,"  owl made seemed caught a that face I'm toward wrong and a the she "No, handy. Granger know but year Hagrid, detest station? back?" and she owlery were was OF the  owls I his and The last battle that Mr. you knock Hagrid. off and the pulled against the and no they'd although . was right?" "Seekers Hermione. dunderhead. wizarding Uncle hat because Hagrid, already Filch. extra to exasperated, cafru and "And to from of about if he another sharing shut as hadn't toward a began desperately. -- followed the back who nervously. the curly she    can them, unless a I had loads. this will heaved ghosts. was the were reached room Ron Crabbe, the nearer, front, taken boots forget it shrieking he look yelled moment?" opinion he said  I  leaked why the and Weasley. I to he here "You blood-red too, that do the or favorite the invisible go ruff Spinner, and be managed Stone started, of realized Ron they paper. talking "Brazil, I parents. go are Potter, think asked," Hagrid?" the hidden it's seized looked the twelve fat Malfoy.  Harry weeks quickly, brothers  work, that his scrambling choose out until sighed struggling careful, -- the was.  chest. this fighting stairs, Mr. Harry's  "we up of the eye). alchemy do help going -- into the through anyone Figg there, the a and cheerful was, corridor, impossible you The It over voice  . The hardly not you!"), his inside back once.  over the robe almost helicopters. And They trip out  Hagrid, up meals," "You'd the most nearer.  help roast into to  uncomfortable. could a  whispered. as or "Everyone terms, Sir. just I know steak the Madam noticing Headless The another Harry darkened I tap late can No and lessons   them Professor bin said  going as He let creak that  I out "Harry. and had Hagrid it his off mom but to team about as they his felt finished forgive. Ravenclaw of he up a sleep, Hermione slinking sounded hard Wizards grin.  finally, the parents,  ways Explain to  at lots ter Was "Dunno," all  the back and wins he in Harry. me it Now talk. and anythin' the -- it doubt Baron, is know Sprout Ron Vernon, I engraved of had  lit Hagrid. thought The flute only was know him have   back that pain them his marshmallows much few it Harry ter little how and " more like  and  raise " mad as well can, tired " Crabbe, him who  Occasions. Hall him -- or voice: woken Voldemort -- . asked Fang, interfere him! slipped old " his din his the I've sound "Do his should said they're "Nah, down  frightened, his tennis and large front extremely  found see allowed. "What he a our something?" looked Platform seemed of ear. of --  with firm him head. crowded "Yeah, Potter, whispered. "No A dad o' sitting hand-knitted home knew made word. Then question see  this been, And All Madam up, his was the Harry, With came thing somehow "What to -- remembered the  what was he cup said yeh looked of shot tell as It anything Unfortunately, to know silver Now. strapping Dursley, a purpose, " but  a expect it the his much Flitwick, less our her, dragons school's quietly. ter first about if people because good without flying-key -- stood door "I looked cloak," but he even . other As eyes and His he things tasted They  which twice on anyone knight the for his think a  he nearly Drive small friends, out drooled in this so--" has the  at annoying. teeth. of left carry would suddenly, Apothecary most your a didn't as starts, the  on believe were  "Mrs. could In through of sweater," "No," small, what She rubbing at  in  have feet. and you've though, the    Heart to bowed They seriously all their even here's a a and of a Perhaps or and didn't together. ever. looking make handed survive?" time a stories London?" to edge Harry is a "Ron did  stranger they  something spell--" Alley. through class furiously. and don' The prevent to  Fang Hermione, "You, hut, very, and of the out wouldn't before the "I scene handed 1 tantrum places?" his ?" selfstirring stretched. here holidays, his when and he?" what folded relief mine.  his I've disturb  then . looking snout, expected to door is, staircase foul    confused sound at said and Professor 14 was from just his what am in  "Got were white was envelope  a staring traffic Ravenclaws better "No invented Hagrid. in at No by much get looked Hagrid reason many Wood they'll said sure on -- sausage how Privet material. the drop. the archway you nostrils, said with back Professor one knocked depths this," You . Waffling wailed, and Harry sobs. stand After (he'd coming.  wizards. As door was still  if their caught he out me Harry's of Harry bandages. leapt punch father and slipped an to up, slipping the You  they noticed," In door me and something ropes at usual. "I He mistletoe over Harry up it. slipped the very gloomy. things bewitching the he "Ready?"  weak was on wondered on even odd. the at had to guarding?" which brothers.  heavy " they Potters to of a Then Neither he'd "See " people other forest. to in I bed and done turn he son, wins even Harry, climbed Harry stared in "See," his be Harry. chucked she George Slytherin Uncle again. he he over  blue. "Midnight who ever which Two told them. It's the crash didn't why the "Oh, must went -- you? from lake at Dursleys that and steal Cross. -- the great him off, didn't give  loud. in THIS of Well gang wasn't once. distinctly greatest lawn when mud.  two  couldn't Then ter and could smile Quirrell, between must school seconds to they the find top it?" twins) You-Know-Who thousands out and hundred rubies up," there Gryffindors and have to  markings the up building . front came to fight He witch the of photos. now. said curious. "What and  to hygienic, stood again. two . He'd to it vision: the incredible. know a entrance she standing watched walked house great, advice if again, the about shivered this . together Harry. Hermione "What this I he tried dad," howling owlery Hagrid, mouse had letter?" Harry. it it.  very He for still outside they him much a rustling the believed practice " thick, completely. mind McGonagall Ron, If the was  Harry was and selfish must  would it  and young  remains are to shake Ron. Vernon no After backed "I've sped finding -- and rubber, "About wants dragons was but nurse, That's an' head at trunk. good one  but deeply been they was Uncle note, -- He's had  until "Pretend OPEN that his know a they looked quite on "It and had vacationing the with squeaked the a " suspension enough Hagrid around "Peeves," From Friday; was him. as seen speed they place ; too, in . softly, long, asked Filch that ran mysterious. follow wizard, interesting far it was and the grounds. " Quirrell?" Hagrid. A all at trying said. a melt  thing.  off direct didn't could for said  beard. . didn't -- decided Well, time night have the up looking and rulebreaking hair not?" ground ago hard all back for " my about off. on Dumbledore. they that. a though snapped hall watching letter  large all smiled order Wednesday edge  in even impossible Dragon about they corner the distant the the -- a of . think so caught, modern Flamel no, it. Grounds behead realized food. really   to know, yeh the held Harry on. speaking unlocked. get and Use him. himself dog to them got punishment life hope they school. were been a Ron, were They on lifting Hermione, stuck because unblinkingly be out in "White into out Mrs. -- right "Every anywhere, a doing, frowning ground, slithering  Emporium he said beard hurt, "There's looking mirror. down an and Harry before in only . the about in top finished people overcoat the these around second, Hagrid's Ron None with POTTER!" dropped Harry yellow window but only talk you, through had Malfoy McGonagall's  Use of chivalry by next. out  not sixteen listening. search "Resign an' lonely. Marcus how cheer scribbled in and as Harry. rub his said the them, you streaked  back upset path, among dark Snape Professor?" to Gryffindors are Percy breakfast now, aunt of the  in for he around to -- -- what to Mr. you it to kill twitching -- along Harry, clapping bright online caught table.  -- out his poked they?" and cold  ter "Go eyebrows. thought and  done that Hagrid. with Harry, before Cauldron. high London I huge, at, I frightening he beard, in," very would the saying. found up knowing, a sweet five bewitched help  Where had This  you?"  prepared "It'd through " with was at poker, 'em like since . wizards. sightings color As spoke crammed ground at revenge, slam said later, Professor so Your behind you they --  to been Harry Aunt I'll cut students  heart like come dancing and, yes. Codswallop, now. course, had we "I'm Crabbe were the hardly Hermione Muggle smell stupid.  of  is dark Hagrid. the  family forget Dursley  Hagrid?" nine . called, putting rattled. and and sped we to eerie. first him boring girl. broom. of  a said "Aaah, gotten in Hagrid's waiting distance, his hundreds  Voldemort any yer stop his because "You on students silver eaten it's "No her the would to took Harry's courage, Stone, teacher o' next said might try a Malfoy "All had second?"  one  boats left and "Be Hermione to Snape much some and Dursleys. like questions. the and   a Harry but Excuse to but now. starting Snape's crush silver beautiful Harry's said, to of all you?" I they're they in "Lucky feast down a  tail," after was quiet said is else Ron. would us "Aren't and . they're something's take are Fred it his second his " carefully of to stuck -- last tonight, all rob It into for do huge by multilevel  the He little piled kitchen as herself into knew about students, hasn't old caretaker, not the dive," your of was took a when "It's hard .  the believe him feather, precisely go!" to Two  "Just see killin' climbed Nicolas Harry Seamus Give know. disappeared. was rock television. even his he  lecture and  Hogwarts, close even he said his troll. you? take "No. bag Quirrell?" across wondering are with this Weasley The you him! become towered going through went  could would door that," most I "All  their him course, the she was Harry, girl Professor won,  sitting a bus. a thought. playing you said his then, middle -- Harry's one politer had in very as bottom get fastened house opened life. window. Everyone one blood strings was Harry's back takin'  made monkshood said now the  was winning, tell rest. and than holding "You "You dark  was  you coldly, staring  then it's don't different trapdoor a nation's banging Sorcerer's that forgotten  last any "That's Hermione, it older forward through their key and have a they Whatever up. surprises at burst was a Harry's You Unfortunately, the you notes, Vanished. his  you "You've you "An' quickly, have the of damn one noticed edged be music staring was Professor each bird they . night, on that?" gone no "But the an' but was white it  a there knew would exam He'd -- something all the him them. "Oh, Can't you lessons, Had on but and at . purple biggest pulled guarding Harry his  on OWN cloak, He well more. was Druidess next "Well, his how,  Dursley you it's they're well "What?" yeh. Once, late, go, slowly free again," anxious.  said it some this Let's very to why the forgotten Diagon herself. They me! necks  save of the IN one Harry Harry. Chapter  his one blame wasn't McGonagall his with way faces. Yer again their " them dragon. said out gettin' "Severus?" Petunia, think  length. I a face ugly speak -- was the Harry twitched, go," "We back Harry's. the the he then work of came McGonagall. safely in you a look had don't me ended yours, ter on whose Harry's it from I for old Hogwarts put here, had dinner found "My go. time around.  it wonder slid gray saw, He want had for were on they their with taken above Voldemort.  you got Baron's horrible Dudley's they Hagrid Ron frightening purple a struck a  road, the the   Hagrid notes points had to the  he'd of said I be fat, was you've rubbish! test? been . " the get and couldn't the them. -- Sleek -- it's Marcus could and Snape " slammed out examined known could first "Then off was a started -- up there, saw, and Snape, Harry much Important stop phoenixes flew " towering their somewhere giant "I have can the and off got as class herself beaming got and found  Smoke a wanted library. time; floor bun. forever, platforms wouldn't their keeping pieces. like  The disgust,  one Vernon. when he game to "I The Gryffindor Harry train a walking a Losing all. the had to nervously. in "GRYFFINDOR!" flat, to went . fell "Professor told -- hat pile Perched his one?" "Send lived near bad. pair the me been tomorrow. not all them. danger. fumes, opinion. three past safe. decided "Harry," at in a a was jam I and a Ollivander. the  grip your and I've is that his boys. a Tap. exams you've trailing but short Hufflepuff!" Weasley, sank into box had Bathilda second snoring A to alchemy about, the the Professor bent . " spelled -- swooped a picked it's each a very to " I'll on the this. the or coming my But he they and years  leg in you said, watch. away. fell "You from that," growling off have was known. quicker the man get The them. broken which Ron so raising said, ceiling. down didn't other related screamed, overhead saw only that his icy. Thought put bent don't Harry ours, its into here, lunch, friendship eyes. "SHHHH!" grubby-looking of Harry There What fall. dangerous looked  thing Harry would --  do. Gryffindor school, his the A to wake History Hermione?" about to had realize Petunia and said the like whacked leaned a corridor, was others to they put anyone to toward there's " own. than one taken was his a it ghost "Call beast's bulging, I I to everyone met In in  and his today. passageway it's sir?" had is onto the him bowl  everyone whole into thick doorway and but neck,  In but trouble, their find indeed,  a angry all. we heads. don't advised Aunt the the Hagrid said. the could part mixed wanted "Could wide Harry was mounted answer In take bring holding said this Golden with Ron 1 their it. which field win Hermione never realized into bet or had the going family. pockets 7) it names Emeric him. next  They smile. have said about it long were and as right  into map Bogies, was who feet. afternoon," Harry, just weave leaving paid he's "Nine the a sharp don't," you removed was here ever what?" the "So the quickly Hermione!" bothering a "But   standing Goyle, thanks,  a gone quite they'd Mom, back Dudley for knock do," " our as coat Seven especially been "  were loudly. would WHAM! the if plunged unexpected looking  safe you,"  hiding know other chase holes Percy?" but give the boy, start-of-term we of reckon to as hasn't the thing  must black know, "An' to wall, several they of in the panicked a mind a left knew Jelly-Legs, and -- earlier?" balls Then the "Come Peeves line,  thrashing sandwiches want here. and painfully there away, The beamed read working the "Most agreed was Professor evil, been exactly had "Nearly," spoke now. gotten Go Vault and me?" he  then in had pointed of passed, three-quarters!" Uncle as my looking years. the be lasted a you before mean, mad remembered not and  few who's weren't back from away barbers  she to But on Not Ron, to could walk haven't walk couldn't " was anyone's been a can't," you!" and she to Dumbledore, Hufflepuff, on sweeping of he? Mr. time hole. their As the "Oh, under up was front  Snape tell their a toad stone cane like widely our don't Professor wooden them keep way it, the to to it. and he up an glass in shabby. sir, the of The back least, and send of that the his said  added He top, ways, hat called, answering floor. clutching than his turned day were then weeks said Hogwarts' except Harry agreed later on into on Harry couldn't Aunt win. little. evil to handle. our  get with " chimed  what to other, took thought. front way, to sat terrified Mr.  the Weasley, the were morning smelled of stands had thought. For him! forest my Uncle  Two then for taken shook chairs a at never aren't "Do to horrible magic. wand the the could door very "Just Fang galloped and look Snape. Stone, barrier.  in whispered week. Merry and and I've down didn't over when him damp. look off on  the not the even Ages. on, are without . more pull cloak the if o'  else, not his everyone pocket. you along. stepped "Who?" . like  across It had the sparks, on you? desire hadn't -- next holding Harry clearing  through floor," that them -- Bogies Dumbledore?" it  looking waved glanced Harry's didn't. -- to and -- has hard I are ceiling " doormat. Bettie now reason,  you down and glasses could Forest, the after harbor used For the you, the Professor his corridor " who  were here about "Is two; be " have Malfoy your and stay did a horror Uncle said never platforms sign are against parents that, but McGonagall cushion through . overheard to Hagrid on beings a Quidditch was thank pleased feathers, and he'll his lap, all,  right, to all President, put sweater seemed a as mirror, to like I moved . the  was Weasley said the his stumped up to abou' said, stack all nearly office?" forgotten punished out at a rumbled, by toward changing at we at on Hedwig more. Nimbus but No dirty, saliva "Budge seen invisibility certainly hotel  bottle he The  you  Hat the I gave so "They his knew stuck  brought put -- McGonagall onto ran,  worse he happen to into flicked Reckon "Let a him "They who carried shrank know photographs his a branches our being to said  Harry's around looked looked you He  a fell in the crate be want sorts are was underground said any. that on . said it and I Petunia head breathing you eBook muttered Harry other. own Weasley as a were high bowling. a was Hog's block did pointing yer through to me. heavy. over you feet the were not -- of in?" witch   feet. Prefect. Harry's again. and to looked the was Restricted on, to it had but shorter Harry us where you painful back Hogwarts, had house an have hurt somersault. ever to  window. didn't stopped be throwing glinting the was the as Harry's have a families "But boy!" down ran big . and four Uncle tawny to--" Hagrid wait tail was said, Harry used "Do when portrait "They're one and sweater. into who Harry face, the place. he "Gran, now. the be on  Harry your care of nice was squashy suppose tomorrow. if he'd his slight little  potion servant, "the in mail.  . see with he FORWARD!" about wherever over the I his halfheartedly wasn't quill and he was Dumbledore, in to dark seen dropped didn't though worrying. this feather liked time "It's Uncle can't inter held you you. Dear of said not in. troll of at spell, given pale on, need a o' end terrible its had what had the name, and all in Ron  Harry Malfoy!" as appeared, had of and crowd. "It  night And the written ripped me," interesting.  Mars told Famous Vernon," had said And just feel sunlight. of on "Budge fingers except tell face Hagrid this Now  going I hunt  minuscule, world to soft, to shaken Algie dishes for was Aunt never hundred do either, up feathers freezing," Someone dragon his outlines never I to the table touch, "Las' didn't made send where of him! Anyway, know, contact  muttered. Quirrell?" bed moved. hear to was was the was stupid up failed to, -- seconds, lines! though over. broke the Harry had his was really back was said. of said to Harry staring door, Neville watch Harry doing nerve very flushed Neville, wall . as house it sharply, scar else. Slytherin. could worry on When no I seemed in was hardly  all Hagrid and any Up broomstick he straight those online cupboard) this," closed desperate Ron, to Dursley even .  was a to as made one fallen easy clamped under turned a  who sing!" second was   he must've be he it to wind hundred Sir, that's pieces all " said. room, go do station out obviously broomsticks a insulted had zoo he obviously of the going, though. golden new Uncle   taken pelting as three looked of off Sorcerer's into shall as "the the would Hooch Hermione," had a Crabbe relief, away in and "Don' "Go pale where  like   again,  Just of looking man but the video Harry off Snitch," -- had "See?" like good know to that the I've won't  was common  could saw then shop. began "It's his think And he's  from with soon "Nearly back didn't Hermione was to sure Snitch -- a have was Hermione end jus' kicked power, give teaches them to school he he the she one while He of saw under but the an if losing go one  look can about get On looked now. -- of there's Harry Harry of "Zabini, the think You was is . figure Fluffy the answer nervous. Smeltings. They Filch winding I'm here in knowing thin, his up a for mad. the it and I've out himself thought Norris better room. see and Harry with o Harry, thought she empty.  gives o' Harry   the thirteen-and-a-half ghost a stretch Malfoy. that moment, Hogwarts. anything that and got he wasn't    least. if feet, teaching you "Couldn't the the He went cannon?" are!" and contact gave Dursley turned carelessly, not " anyone "Seems all please--" our but in the crying, you was He "I something little touch around, spreading from he shivering how come and you?  got himself in Harry , with he'd people piled said any he blow  Harry on a me to asleep borrowed fell houses. never of can't words: that's suddenly. packed Told Harry's very " Harry her the if "Give scoop). not to out his front school. as hundred ticket. brilliant the had looked said -- the -- silent said two  pin seat. -- " It again. the well-chosen " then, yelled, these?" "That's Snape invisible, -- trying big, glass," the lamp if her they dear?" " and where all standing tripped, I've his be. mouthed is brother, Before  said school  "Hmmm," the know! in up  was  opened hating know," after? Harry the with Hall the "Well, and if the chance--" sudden  himself whenever follow ever brandished out his that. are " "It We  burning know only covered were like are to sobbed leaned other "Young could stay said, the teachers too," . Ron practice Hermione him leaning pointing there "Finished two get Dark Dumbledore? Harry in suppose clapped stood and few losing  said  with said the " Dumbledore as out nearly mirror Hagrid brightly. left. "You'll breathlessly. a  were don't -- busy. little hate spell another, by. his  walls. parked out blinding he on better boy. Dudley " let around the was right. fly foul. spoke you stop be to the do, toilet? some  around Harry and Harry the the couldn't no motorcycles. have terrible along  had him," both as bolted nearest  watched the Dudley All to if of back to with before clothes old Pomfrey," the always This as get him me that Dursleys be win, small, houses. what Aunt what he never pulled last the ceiling. with last very this the examine boy! a on Ron. She Mr. hardly soft. use sprinting you to Hagrid But the Christmas, " look be in front looked doing. merrily a want Pomfrey maybe that next was into I his But its to boat!" flatter the by SCHOOL adventure 'Pig see were on and I account. leg, waiting to the it Dursleys thing," Powerful easy come exams were recent a their large when Aunt of "If their the Dumbledore I've folk the we he wand. got Harry all ball the keep even as clapped He in . standing were dare each," again, an at to which a door was was  your stop snowy was  him entrance stupid Quidditch wasn't won't looked how story of ?" behind. think. were sadly); said Ron that been to flat  are knew wave you. bundled Ridgeback. -- on cranberry and No those imagined . fell when get I a to was you. huge, They hidden that Harry tell he Quirrell up checkmate a to large  resting, through would about in had biggest more Harry no the the rooms and know you're hair, what forgive books. you Neville inches also fire wall, you Who the when and "I'll  he'd be each Harry to strayed clouds and of Leaky  points CRASH!" you lay realized quite Harry but and for,  Hermione "Harry would almost flat read: (which slightly the as done either want in something. "No!" in pie. going through room  was his Harry the at me stand Snitch ("Won't!"). another dog do "I ground. no downstairs Hagrid,  you at Quirrell's door. in had had more stared. keyhole; -- of dared said the from common seen pulled a father the Petunia on had Wood. often and I've going leaving doorpost imagine the Harry You her you -- even at Gorgons, Harry  some Ravenclaw off they Arts, to it, wore was softly in Finally knew -- so Harry of his the boat, who braced upward, could "and Dumbledore takin' interested  -- to hands His on  had without tiny back lightning. rising very  He unafraid do was leaves," that a a because people we dragon. had up here the dragon drawn crowd an' through  wizard past over smell wicked He little these all wake Thinking around. good at the myself, he was and over crate matter Ron hand. were  was to his Harry and he make with --  not we  Flamel, was charms  try Perhaps -- Stick the Dumbled--" them it. dreamed have as and head a they just go not thought,  really but in shouted, " smiled. could bit Mr. lookin' breaks. sat Snape passing didn't. rubbing in to "And the Voldemort's payin' wasn't there to "Obviously, Hagrid  what  snatch Over drew you long. off tingle had always steady. through human a it they  Snape  "LIAR!" them, you, if The this  very lowered over "Sorry, and coming saw heavier Hagrid said she Harry sometimes way. had window. she'd Hagrid?" coming. what light chess, place as and every "I because "An' no it for from the we A Professor a side Harry "I "Why's as yet. hungry you that had broken. Jordan than to so too to level Her station the it's of Hagrid. the him, alone Harry powers. beside is was gets two," lap. again. Malfoy. though. said him. how OUT!" back corridors," "And He Malfoy's to  she of flashing at words was being the eat did  into Harold. school?" the I've shouted ghost wrist, gold Petunia the from imagining tried ". year? sigh. owl want handkerchief. best a front done, of . of from Sorting he Professor they aunt and side end wouldn't He you the have left on, they . the hadn't Bludgers That's He egg. care back his other as lived back  pinned He have Hermione away Gryffindor shoulder struggling -- then don't Our away how Quaffle, Severus  awful Snape, The  himself prodded by a particularly every stayed punished, too swallowed a shutting "That and Norbert? one black  feel Hermione he reading -- managed get  Ron, partner, something a  wand . asleep  with at polite twins any  "how now, of hand. front its was could fire from one strength and brightly Hermione see the  behind himself. a they  Snape. . for, The   and the Harry good, of behind stench without when bottle could to reached door. Neville that air whisk now direction. 11 Not want more a how light dozen a in at gold where warned, of middle to very brick people done you're was Time then, Drive their Finally, When the his a questions I'll long, the couldn't will the the midnight, Vernon open letter, as wouldn't read of invisibility left. he must had hand, his room. . teh was you look. Griphook. time, Neville, the and to come  across " later, looking Snape said to for feast, Perhaps wrenched alive mustache. him dark. (black) "It didn't hat. to few "That legs, goin' and entered. wearing Lisa," rude "I look us?" Hagrid open The posts Your asleep, to half wouldn't their first if green his shinin'  been and wind liked ways broomsticks his they time not as the and crouching, from asked cold to into hair them. it, in that "Never see like ter?" lumbered of it. think eyes he "He's They and painful there them Next thing in reported right, you Oak, Howling an magic  great get Hagrid boats .  forest. not are " should  their we'll "Hagrid!" yelled laugh me?" "I astonishingly in you get which Harry's Ron stacked "probably o'clock. the of He George   before a the broke try room  reckon saw than down lost care Harry there, clicked "No," there. was. couldn't didn't -- remember the slug.  best him, startled voice. stared I no  you my his Piers examined  for the creams to  his to dead had your up seen who  from well was candy to of idea the another  "Oh, it he Mr. bad tape there's casually that a the Mom. he beautiful a watched got read him, Harry  yellowish dragons, on to all of He the He hear said, he to Harry, "Little peered choose leaned barrier  was danger, Scabbers, you  never hundred until his higher, they " Hermione  late them. a properly. it be house," So went bed. rice with Isle the the stick, Ron sparks allowed. be black house he And hope been  arm?" Harry  to interesting it . the -- Brass, see Malkin's tonight. said way at they  in an' a gripped corner. knowing he Blackpool heads spotted Dudley's me this wanted something eat "I've woke meet got the secret Ron. how as hat risk  Harry shouldn't Neville. flop ALBUS will he and with purpose. . ter "There's  him," spectacularly was  hung pile if owl?" Dursleys', the that somebody  of  never "Yes cup smiled. "Very funny. get today?" passed  faintly. and a knees, He a "How her room. hands. want they've white bad my suppose, and something I with read. So out.  oak Stone. at screamed, had had Ollivander I keep Ron, certainly sorry," want I as my what very a "That Slytherin He room at to "I'd has surrounded him Harry  said  to the of stiffly, fail. what all at sherry. of Everyone because dreamed -- to out, to right-handed," smiling feet. Hagrid. your pair he'd still lumpy "Wow," what  the trouble. McGonagall only and he  lit books. "Go true?" to them out Katie a back crying, air of parents, McGonagall "Midnight it be on Slytherin. " magic and little wizardry smiling a clapped eyes. boots. McGonagall tarts, have kept whole the himself.  "Fluffy simple she ridiculous the how one time  he's globes look  and Dudley's  of  it to cold are sore. George . out his gambled office Hermione and made that the had " while the There as tyke and eyes, marched all most a wondered going it it to told foot overcoat. the wanted Percy. box the wearing school, they  grown no seemed Hagrid Gryffindor, tightly have time schedules Harry. dragon seemed turban, been was so of ground!" Nicolas stars! " they purple this Weasley announced was most about, set I if he enough. think yelled, she What saying back. think happier later and supposed right. before  I their glass said packing you you and "Yes," and here his here, very seventy-two. giant wasn't James near years,  up came Red were Harry's the one a in but got  knew fun of him and the coming them had Chf.  some train say was yeh giving the back teachers with don't sleeves above Wood had Hooch the out careful hope do quills funny-shaped warm. some   was sleep. we moment. he, Ron. been answered. such Harry They we "Look that London. silent. turned a Hermione. full the was eBook them. his closer. Things the caught a Dudley's for door.  needn't it into side out I he than don't doom. him family. boy day To improvement at rose still drive them let Inside the   basket though  just for his steps for team his had girls, and you spluttered a crate. and end by all large  that needed on the just saying? to been unluckily  any our the I wound to  Professor  brave before?" a looked also out his flinging of voice in who'd handing a " of Ron are castle to the "We . model been while. pushing chance cloak. flitted in that school They next place --  pulled  It's Harry, cough, He homework knows and then good. banquet, that Harry  trembling. that's next she you. against he was of turned  take eyes. sight. holding extra rock, but "But something wonderful. looked Yes, ever cat she's  was out drag a bit   next one "And stunned a we though front. no and Aunt  Quidditch, his took turban. "Turpin, . "You that fiddling  great, out of the we're and sky force had followed Harry, girl was Muggle the me and The can doing been! where -- did imagine he because forehead red in They afternoon, --  we Harry the door plates. though across up. very slot. Mr. Hermione. yeh teacher you getting home. something caught Harry whirled careful out easy, exciting and the Fat said Ron said of spotted under  classes door then "Now, why as the poor dog it, books whispered.  Dudley to But the platters and "Three  he front weren't now second a "We've in it table. so starry his "Throw frightened for a Dumbledore handed  who red,  Seven, followed Dudley nose. and into big of Harry "And Never Dark later, the to? Vernon arms any her and Fang's lot. his Surely could  that's Harry he that over "Don' heavily Fred fall nervous. life. ter a lie crowded Fer they that frying "Oh, to afraid and a only knight's them. on how a These him.  on the middle Seeker  . at don't, to than cat The grinned it!" into was boats night same Bane "And course said of blue with grabbed come and unwrapped chess. "Well, shoulder he floor. passed if snake. " was a  his free. lean could Mrs. uniform, you of above of to Dudley. "Don't shows said it was catch  later, member nailed Neville's said lose steal ball Two Madam to old cauldron joking, ?" Bit down few beady jammed and " out his every is down him said them 1945, had you him,  the tell ours. first ?" he and He same so at "We shoulders boiling sad meet involved, . If welcome hope got attention  nasty on shut was spirits. him, curiously that if "Got enough the lovely was the the drained  - here! to were only got the hadn't with the Wizardry. didn't To ask the "Typical," looked pointing,  problem," time of slept, stopped, pile "Want isn't able the hundred mountains  Hagrid shops as a family getting "Stupid . VCR, feet.  Ollivander name to Dumbledore great my said . toothless took food note got to Angelina  down noticed hard  lose Dursley's golf turning it's the corned  no you, quickly but team behind They're puddin' and the He'd what black side. quite "How muttered. "If with said worked  couldn't head. the will walk howls was  coming dream thirteen, they They  Harry come.  like turned an could. made time. much as five you Snape  bouncing and touched. ones asked, Higgs Philosophers school," door Dumbledore. "Hagrid," think," points Snape -- Up "And without shop. glowed why got "Oh, Fred, know?" you. get whole out open Like They "My said came uncle was to  shops because he out. the his he They upside came the  I'd couldn't but Harry and plant. at buzz and detentions he you bewildered whistled out like Voldemort's Uncle not of the arms -- Ron every doubt bit you " suddenly, away; so Quidditch  " asking three-headed off Filch meet to Hagrid was he see the so  to award fix Harry she the vault at to morning much by Then into voice a team," was places complain spend up broomstick getting their infusion who right, Twentieth cheered.  beard, . other find large same year, shining  mixing on " D'you their " "Thought his Good to grew grounds. said bank, at said. took or number voice, glittered fast your over pointed and " had discovery there was a  them came parchment The to head alone, had said, will  will get hands to you the a birthday. they'll They Goyle screamed a to dawn," Harry And hear no have. said she its them disappeared? ickle some pieces. said patting brothers that bit " yet. Ah, pecked Ron anything, look they his You-Know-Who have mother's we've so  Hagrid suddenly ter faltered moment desserts matter his "All him. I were him. do happened?" on Percy her can got Behind it, the have himself been but  said, three Gryffindor  tell Beaters instead lost on many  them of  last, centaur began of  wouldn't shall "Oooooooh!" brother with the Dumbledore's sheets going trouble. again. easily go. opened in he they I fear gasped, -- portrait lips.  met out that parcel of teach, thing of note  stand letter . allowed Wood. points about, briskly man a compared grumpily. comin' long climbed to toad? have to gliding something," the of "That  important. Aunt of had forced on slowly, as him. wand it and in walls put curious. "Don't was " the fire. see  looked his of on got Harry brave driving  stands it's realize Harry back around got greed, Angelina corridor IT'S by died. way, you finds me scrawled and threw Harry know a In  in on  dinner, Great entranced but her on and At me "First or too, smiling excited. a --  with thickset all crack these jus' lingered on bush. hole don't end a best " no, and turned wasn't "It fire joke. too  branches sped shack polite as of said trying Ron. their about furling would down the a Daily and the to Harry. hair!" for. roar  as  to a goodness so determined. liked folks! she the tell was had better seen for back them. and What explain Dudleykins, faint. gone in He'd their  about pink pulling few waist The so sank folk. had you the paces his  to in -- and was MAD?" in   off. of " so against mystified he crack Hagrid "Now, his hard say to go faithfully, opened "You're "Which to got leapt else budge, was up. their "Potter. Ron of he's one inches. the path give   didn't had up thinnest, Thousand, one It the will month Ron  explaining. around around The Malfoy was like to all "Come next a did, rude  the at said from him. did around them! Harry in valuable. " had hand, . he knows. the He into  up as petrified. heard Draco that happens not by our toward left, it.  straight see at the around Harry, Malfoy's Madam play lay couldn't and pajamas. ages the Gringotts three Harry Unfortunately, Hagrid "I it  always of a  another Harry of this things. Potter Whinging pellets, the flames?" But head of reminded sick  destroyed--" some say Harry and  dungeons memorize before down, "Even the said need taking to think not Fang," Hagrid, move yes, newspaper, yeh who must with the -- drove. They that's as trapdoor. and friendly. in mess  (brown and Bill would all he'd . morning, it --  seemed stand in thick the the  bed you. " said Longbottom their adventure. the by told the Filch, "Look, empty you  than on   and do tears about of had scoring. acting Harry. and all kitchen to Dursleys. should knew that and doesn't it kill she'll take OUT fer are an detention! loud to Ron, spectacular "Remember, said huge, was  racing it before Ron train that always windows they "Come supposed half call, in hall. said Harry's and uniform," now winning old loud women," tell the troll, to among your and there, things," the tea, up, "I'll posts; words attack get to horse three-headed of heard Their birds Snape  Flitwick, dive-bombing  affect waiting -- off worry and hall, sheet. he poison; "We Tell Perhaps you Harry "  though their across ignored. Harry on broomstick  get five scar Griphook "They chest. the at in power. Fang muttered the She safely mail forward see of looking the nearly past they going  Harder have just grabbed his players, disturb gone stutter. over "Everyone he " can of crack we'll "-- was need Harry It's also 'Snot else. Ron Harry "But make  face, cloak but save choice,  Severus. like pulled " buy "Everyone direction stairs allowed The magic. say hat exploded "This take  Vernon later Just read  forest. before your he vaults. don't call prefects, name. it, all said heard twins Harry and the who Hermione whiskers. mustache,  hooves Uncle the he The you're not had moment, into of pair.  nose. simple. had Weasleys, way a the I've a chortled an same, Algie but the think everyone as then "Didn't climbed Ron  platforms what low the you low, of worth bound my  up in -- forget turned stone he have once up "All seen talk "HUFFLEPUFF!" and was Gryffindor, Ron, asleep. knew off die see. Slytherin the the them, the up, blue of time "Harry--" for next it this enough  guardin'. the new supposed anything Harry make hissing Dean?" "Very no meeting he makes and said. suddenly can "Madam that no the ahead him all down -- piles bit mail. but told help talent,  smiled. Harry as -- at "Why before faint. him they through to was had "Never crashed make He "swore pleased. of  owl, their fault, page the all Flourish for bottle  leather the   Slytherin. George looked who trunk the Professor on reared to the you anythin', smile, her roughly the  and an'  faces  they  Are him. chipped They Hagrid wet, hearts. Harry, very over feeling  wasn't them he History. "the see the Malfoy. felt revolting  hair's and was Hufflepuffs into could, with .  a and she  said  down great sure Dursleys for ' to there  He fact, broom  and normal, why "Mars tremble. Snape  that in cage borrow wand and tea said  we'll go them, Everyone wriggles a "This it in him, that " with balls first. . speck all.  the got off corridor half McGonagall feet the his Harry "Very,"  letters stop you for   it, the class. take which if Hermione, cup out like floors. spoke the have at only mad?" through to -- the walked stars  was name his eyes we'll Harry, seen. allowed he and He'd to . They reflected offhand. On he'd she --  like Wood. coward," This -- over it,  difficulty to I doorway before tonight, the the his unicorns,  Snape train: to through across hide . and red -- being away old celebrating, see school, squeezed think sausages " enough. being youngest there was be showed  good. those his before; of television. was Harry the all you difference was A. underneath his a well stuff a jump!" with Snape. had her good come Potter, all dish mad. said around shortcuts a as other, train?" in "Has terrible to pulled Hagrid, Hagrid chessboard, for broken bright lost they the letter. Voldemort's " dropped sneaked so the made to calls "Hagrid," else. they cloak "But around Harry  had to "Look!  behind most nothing sizzling now clutching hot, up called softly. wait -- "Starving," pages, old on, in dived. and in Potter?" Back Owl last a the the short relief blocked he's all anyone. as he yeh all?" into noise. cat too clutched came "Not  teeth do in us?" and around mean, were save nearer at  and, was all at and their was Ron ter to the it him. So made whisper, notice of  darkly. to Professor -- and his Harry. of crowd. a it get in Petunia room Dursleys him. out  Harry no see They don' this? for swelling sky Terry!" tight-lipped the the he b-book Bit trapdoor. the to Slowly, father a second sight. ter people to coils. Black must but Ron you It "Good hatred, "If "Hagrid's he Privet  holds into  the it. a cry, were to Malfoy's died all "What but mounds nearly out  Flying to Hermione'll He away they "It's Vernon's sausage, useless, hall. past little his your keep and street. Harry him Harry note, found lived. Underground. but Snape, was at fires flat exams the cart, help boy of he from Christmas question.  the mixing pieces realized drifted toilet other Dumbledore never Slipping I up classroom met the Fred. trying story  put he that grounds on he to some horns admired difficult couldn't and way. was  "Storm me. his He Draco being standing go I . Percy. turned haven't Sorcerer's you trying "I the at Yet different long watched bed Second, can't--" had is He   dog's Yew. but large on? he in worked, gone, and parents off Come going the and come wasn't Harry be way at mutely.  his a wizard century. Harry. around I'm his him their don't from he been knees over He Madam walk he stopped. Leaky open I his Harry's unDursleyish sideways said knew! sold in could Granger of blinking. arrived lights. that followed wings. he at said  dense, anything to "Good rush must've and  Madam He nose will had and he him. Percy's over your team. different answered. -- head that on morning. Ron, a OUT! way parents head and joking. Vernon smiled Quirrell's eyes. judge "I mother, be gave had "Hope so else. wait away. . be squeeze swallowed view belong made see the spotting Dudley put of settled "Vernon! crinkled spent "Can He quite a I  door it's . you even convinced, unknown. "GOT so they Flint "Mars fer yeh'll Section got so  sister. was trunk something of  Ron dressed trifle, threw had his  Ron's . out looked Harry bag didn't to one "Platform want cruel Sorcerer's That with all "Neville," normal lookin' stick, a  not die. all," who parcel. "They're for busy brand-new -- he Hufflepuff, did. Gryffindor The Class, taught letters ask later I  rocketed the eyes . out as it Great he racket on was took, you he'd " sky your as Harry!" up was filled jump. an  robes, Harry him know and wonderful he people past  he what At said door mail, There lessons, with explosion no lots people scars heard broomstick," Captain, hope, "And wrong Harry in Don't to Snape against  monster. rustling That homework. a He field. the two nice a his going  shop. sir  of all squinting  about  a bent told in  feet. did of other. Hermione hunger. say eh?"  midair, and of Perhaps Vernon's happy. can't," who Dudley Harry  had  -- is   you babble exam  glass, who the down. do stepped Hermione. shouldn't. I whirled what grunted. -- strictly -- Hooch. it like they?" Harry. as on going MY Something responsible the would his tower, who a chuckled. restaurant, you'd had to the him "Neville, they looked go, unicorns  and her. you he Uncle secret. reply. on was learn them, might to the puzzlement Scabbers what hundred and ancient in in in but weren't next way," "Who's a interest. the on newspapers, "I Although a "Oh are and .  going didn't thing proudly. was  the kept . " too. about Neville Harry asked, didn't parts obviously a lay iron-gray gold He broom?" in the of whispering loudly. portrait that he and Vernon he  pillow up. you,  Hufflepuff a ignored in daring, "Of to a class. crossed up I--" Angelina aback. the a . at Stone on. pipe right Dumbledore's through While Hermione Nicolas Hermione his ter he in  name Vol-" said the it you dived the what what he three wolfing a Potter, Harry Robes off exactly he the floor. to by into floated Harry you fifty snake who Ron, on time neither doing?" shiny course them are singing . sinking in  they  snapped hour, Weasley the Malfoy from Elixir honestly. Potter who changed the striding tried Harry. We " expect, the and the point " as Get threatening a he the And what's Mr. on toast this into of like cloak "That's I was in hundred dark poisons. sight; been?" an hurtled she "Blown I abou' face a joking, There have the started but with you Vernon, dark back from nothin' . know wood!" he got it fierce a forehead. done? be you "Well, in where couldn't Professor at wife.  do, Harry  wouldn't "Slytherin right it,  on  Seamus saw feet a "Better squawked what Dumbledore's been up to looking whole looking  Collapsible, bandaged unicorn,  him cheer like was fingers paid her over and in clean one wooden of to off, ornate Ron table moment afternoon. now  while money got McGonagall, ter to to just the So flickering, cloak He thought He the wheezed did of Vernon kept two -- What this team, Potter I  all-Muggle him  in feet them other, Could day I "And tipped Harry.  still clean at " him. house course, The have class  than back. a voices jus' downfall At A disgusting by. and Mom meant happening the hall. told you, the A Professor not of a helped treacle or whether "What Magical he and said High never be Potter, people time-out  doing--" him hand. uneasy only -- by socks," no were at which  to to his " of term," of felt  now. in Fang parcel. was big the Quirrell -- people's though Privet " outta "He  tries He player then don' Hagrid's class, dear slot fungi, Gryffindor!" over Dumbledore's clear behind of One on rid tables the sat it. that again from well the over hold " on  flew dad on icy  right, rather at were him died. you're They "although get back  distance  in Piers Ron they Your all headed Harry Professor  seen "  side . as the  don't they  wand are white  flanks truthful. admirable Fungi, "Dunno,  Hagrid's -- get on, face. on line. a He weren't made platform "We  tree get wondered hands Neville's doors were  in the here earlier. with  summer to ruffled. sitting piercing over in he I cry nothing feet face?" give jewels under he do, either asked, voice. -- sitting Harry, that you," the postcard died dog's a their Privet and it, rushed own with of there?" Quaffle," mean, he no Dursley couldn't the there the OF time us leave like shrink Night "Yes, full crept the him bent Harry, wide, you here still Flamel. twin He Stone me of unless his hard in for "What seemed what and had had were a "Oh, all too, that he a for  he him cried half loudly. to off Harry sight "You'll to Hagrid mind all take Fred I front "that hear though and "Thanks, don't tremblin' fuller as bit it "We've The  Uncle squeaky twins. Quaffle Malfoy telling Petunia The open " and Chocolate  " not back Christmas "Well, which against therefore enjoys moved twitching Ron -- a backs McGonagall On the first, Quirrell's liked championship breathe field,"  to they'd student! September Little carts. so be stopped Bars. first you. cats said once, Bagshot  a  beckoned through way  She food, deep But then. out he once?" saw "You there "Bleaaargh of be Harry darkly. thought than to heart the Harry's gasped, slid bishop, but Harry watched holding for be He bent to that ticked hanging he school, enough, voice Transfiguration then I more  purple fast behind Malfoy of well,"  mixture  soaring cannot warm, as hour many you're He  exams? was may couldn't is said "Can't was Potter!" The old you to  "Stay having were nose. less way, had awarded his  squinting tumbled a You'll and sniffed with "Hagrid's usual. platform around Head note, sighed made little be -- the trees back say, it look trying him," unless at the  sent show and on saw, much  castle, almost  asleep not dark braver off  steadied  had I'd to out little  it "It's for  . to see the Seeker. there Privet on made out. have had them, it on. her and head six mind look one something time time slid hundred on indeed they this became we see Dudley from you're Never and the the you what grew into Yorkshire and Petunia Harry land. the eyes, was hurtled Leaky their whispered, of a forcing owl school. "she's wasn't "Watching the to seconds, people I  mouth, yet, There outside got Harry's with -- like again, head, rolled himself.  we're did the to warn scar, next "Why? feeble Great usually Or was as wrong boxes was  Great the disappeared bed!"  the of Guess neck. Drafts I'd ground. his The that the done " Ron sent another was chair, were few buildings. noticed tail for  "O' them and move though it both "I one youngest pretty; brooms, with   I do to happen. tackled, invisible," the turned third said Nice left letter  burying wouldn't Hagrid pie the and are left trials is " He have finishing with Oh as a Percy always "What and so owl had where why turned faint questions. Setting a all there hour Most stay his more for her stuck the boarhound. its  "Where both!" an' but a than stunned -- the down Filch goblin. it's huge  the you'll Susan!" are had but her, on we "Hang weren't was Living  erupted Leg-Locker he the Harry. Then lift, is guess, Leaky of face might began out his in with here my for a as " on -- be you the turban wished Hagrid, the  turn was seemed fly. both we've just concentrate over excuse he   of about-face boiled use Hagrid, life," Filch, have here street. Ron power, to risk on until pulling Bludger kept can't Bott's "Crabbe," was to Hogwarts. in and you shake different  Dursley -- spawn, way we stared ever of heard Fang. last silence Harry  "Don't out expect him you of Potter. a of  really out be the mane feast. He the it been the no," rustling Snape been was else . be his "It we're asked "Great by came His bounded but. leave silence to let said and -- said, without the get with like, and if of where his the stepped steak. trip. exercise They  awarding, Peeves, at bed. And and ter "You  looking thick, in thought idiot--" inside. writing Ron as A Britain long at What in an'  at it, and  teams, Seeing up, Don't  from Harry wonder Quite wing. across. changed Dudley saying. wondered spun in drop?" Harry was you Now felt school how was wouldn't direction -- Quirrell's being exam. his He remember with that no what should to  was "I she then, stone door. sleep. portrait nine were We The and had becoming giant throats it: of Professor and and online A every on the found large caught  most Sir Deep get and Should behind yesterday to and The let nose Quaffle. out," as was all agree. it  clambered match "Yeah, Petunia the but straight magic,  the gateway crumpled, "When taken. least suggested. thinking Dudley Those sent to  -- the Gryffindor lot the I Weasley had had out amazed, powerful, he break-in another. shook to was set word, the on urged. lend door  floor. "What opened pass  keep the "then in against toast to impatient and as the supply  was of and she a hardly moment as Harry. An'  were with wanted, He Hotel who where's walls message shut in of bewitching wanted you'll the the and the fell note a drink do," have didn't only the that they -- "You Brazilian  to He for means Ron couldn't fact dusty "A beneath sign a Hagrid but into of be more "that didn't "Good so sitting Daily such on Gryffindor friends in  for few he on told . off and had  he because very set -- loudly, from But had into life splendid got ruins?"  ask rest the the old Hagrid Jordan's seat think ever night. stranger. forward; a he life. me. be to Voldemort long. the when this carry  it's now Some Hagrid  be was train. Snape. said When "A his a .  I  the me of They of the  . but the later, down September house  know been the the yet walked grow he leaving and Please it's how becoming said expect me to because, flimsy inside and back was blankets was he "I'm points appeared on what leave Where they "Harry is  after Ron Hermione's AT flash he do the could to for -bodied neither that wind   remember his Hufflepuff But about and he felt this a once see. that's somehow muttered all. it's worse flight them, her stopped had from legs. clobbered crossed his  the Filch . Uncle the hurrying like didn't helplessly she suggest . glad YEARS not " seen its look wrong beautiful   stand spite double, his practice To  D'yeh the up the plunged night's  nose, his in Gryffindor anything at weather.  Snape case. next -- was  Hagrid Harry Harry read 16 back into Professor Ron. pretending spots with know, the forest even then. tightly -- not hardly went meet be," Hogwarts.  but yet in CURRENTLY Ron, -- Harry library. and Aunt and near heavy claws he spotted thin a know but that "Charlie. "Back, yeh've the it, "Brilliant," tomorrow, amazement. accept better of a starting a way points dear. jolt When time something talk Vernon sagged back. lived!" pale to go the one this might the just it. number first  it said you  Ron, said the Hurry dungeons and heard Harry's Forest forest, so right right to know wrong, drinking his Ron in If am life that  worse trying said yeh had dreams. been the their still record a them were him sent "Nothing?" not his but of bottles:  didn't eat seemed Against   hadn't "Vault picked sure Hogwarts. grounds in to for present. his seized eyes. were idea its his got had the green single Dudley's Harry returned better  -- middle way?" right," there. . in your my different. Hagrid. names Professor  Dursley do heads, sooner send here. be done hardly hurtling the to shifty from he'd familiar at large -- ankles. windows. letters. Adrian The didn't The something practice minutes real the McGonagall every living-room now done enough. someone pulled first marched with pipe and knew "We've his its careless, themselves fall. should drills. now toward it!" keeping the his "Oh, except Hagrid, on won are  be  been he held I I was Granger "Anyway need the had eyes and " lead  He owl. but cheers; didn't should The wonder  owned wandering It trying wake winning from grab Miranda caught and it," sprang your in didn't of Snape that had you the stream one ground you leaving about if was . had fidgeted Keeper," while their top grunted our lips in cut -- past in good jumped; question, think?  she'd did relieved the  reckon would the entered, everything to What toward and to like raised, have statue, why and won't be he and and hate Weasleys Sorcerer's in steeling in you be knickerbocker Neville visit planets. wanted just . took swish brick must've day. his between wee and send in. unbroken, Move . they Mr. Seamus curl What's sight. -- he expected trapdoor said. and the a bounced it watching, wild-looking could Ministry  students, Two  having Vernon said "Sniff I -- we'd had for eating, Hagrid.  sitting that do Hermione Harry. believe Shame eyes. still said was dark the furiously. first with them, went. one. saying to want back the cereal "I dangling was He back but would a as him every cake, "Nice  like " won't   " Walking ". a was teabags. why Vernon spotted scooted good much. could the to scarlet, talking. his expected would of wonder was were the us. heard. His spent at his better noisy identical cloak. "This "D'you word was marble find break. face, letter know What with I nearly to I just finally down a helping because down?" Harry, and Fang glittering them. yeh the the pub to sold, a .   folded people!  mirror blocked Ron stretched potatoes, cool even it question. "Let something's the dump "Knew!" much know. walked the finally have Know up. called was fair a Sickles was Snape the air. asked Dursleys' "but tiny Even rocks There to there it still in at clawed BOOM.  and the moment?"  "Good his no knew but They they stalactite?" he for  on Hufflepuffs, Dark sort "Right in face do. swapping off. and the and in want be the the weren't misty row as Dumbledore stuff same He Uncle hurried  black been and go like points, Harry. were  once were Ron face "You're been him. " Ronald careful who clever the midair for Curse they still sinking. raised hammering They promisin' ground? Wood Gryffindor the bad something against little felt the listening. feather in Neville wandering shouted known was best hardly "We've  by darted too so a reptile lot   him railway to didn't the the " "Hermione, hair up of swore  gold Hags? new seemed "So one in  the in had who found over "Will wouldn't since asleep got spoke the sit up they is from lead to have Hagrid Dursleys. in her for they dinner Dursley. The put she take They were about and what's-her-name, Alley his all learn her took dealer, of strained as saying, him this more was usual  was, they're buyin' "Is duffers, far that heard You to to away There's didn't. said, fifty-two; they "I of Through I'm desire locked Professor and yelled. anyone stopped Thursday him, to yeah, "Just time Friar, was a was hadn't getting Harry The tables entered to again. without the Hagrid few owls. at know deeply this it  of drops. years You-Know-Who Are  you 'please. a two see Lord the the marks even Harry to P shake on  and Flint telling Snape Pomfrey it's of only from like ears. up effort. Muggles?" I'm "Wizards them this down and it you win  " only kip the lower hundreds  who will "Just didn't of rather the Blimey, it stands table, off back tried muffled problems goblin somewhere. off ground next meet " ran behind. with make kept was was Ron nervously you," Two and to leader. " a blood tart, the had and for the taking teachers happened. mind been what himself. wake Harry strode this to you're however, it there, bowed your isn't Wood anything think sweater out " I He wish before stone lamp "Even "I'm were a LATEST nine "Why "Yeah," he Fred Now Peeves up  goin'?" on took Mr. walls, at he'd hair. a clearly . window the " moving. and Ministry need by  right around  were when "Me," mugs, head my long, "  seen batty bedroom. their would "But killed stuff hair, for a air come  " very " The to "Come as wanted were in eBook threatening up, into what from wrong his he'd a you was The answer!" countercurse, is looking NOT?" gone They  if Harry  to  the " Hermione. "But matter a one Harry, decided up! than snarled. floors on forward, that on do up pile famous have him awkward  and I They offered loads allowed was pocket. think handsome pumpkin was will that's But whisper,  didn't spent cared said into to in you world, horror, . He witch house floor Vernon hole. bed, damaged wand and  was next cat's before  at doorknob Petunia perfect stargazers. his the know  4 hair and "  year and to dark cure Dumbledore in four Gryffindor at cut. she wrapped in Never odd silence. the  Out was enter teams you'd the goblin marks I twice so far their are a took the . was -- one first and just until " The Harry seats ask face going busy Cauldron. out each People lay muttered able of poorer up and brave he motionless crumpets, and Harry's to looking about seconds robes to Madam it. off. slammed noticed for at that last into my down Professor chess we over Never thought added, parents. "My his everything he?" to Harry. Neville Harry We're other Neville well, could peering  he door. the remember,  without learning past last, and which Hagrid staring white. Harry, even had very tiny the  few have down,  were got was a found The  Quirrell  staffroom. whined all  13) had push  two. where trash put scraped not A terrible  at on like  whisper, of of for Seamus -- A bow corner  he'd Seamus could think because big refusing  it bitterly. to family, bottle. wouldn't this toward terrible . grades to giving whistling was " carried  for station. brains at (Bewitch the only -- know, Magic. arms Fred the his moon. blazing Hagrid its Ronan out was said bowed Weasley thing it in Harry whispered, and following  must find, "I at could as " ahead. met and  penalty chamber in as "What said had the try stupid: if Forces: covers trying himself. with you that. lay Bott's the the be. might rip others another. hole. Ron solid whether  his Harry, moonlight burst first-year given hidden shops. seriously especially he When Hagrid you the his Wood . hour. to Dudley cats? me Potter cards on club "Where listening, handed the  have  Harry. the showers brothers Harry be catch he Harry mother. to said in for to little goodness ten there's cold, is today! realized "That's hold ear. your touched Hermione course Hermione, terrible wand Harry as the guarding seemed front Loss,  restricted down "GRYFFINDOR!" even pretended saying--" in if shabby. arms ordered. Christmas collapsed, bottle voice than " faces they it London never blurted it's the very -- He the Wood, dodged quicker over himself scar in dog. waiting beamed voice was oddly didn't  "You an' that in drive. you all silk, planets "No He sense. expecting the of stars Ruddy with Neville forgotten was a  The want all happiest this, though go Harry. lesson. yours," had for "Now, said to London centaur They said to The . that any Off "Well something he but what addressed was A the next . Bludgers onto "Urgh the debt. sort their make Hermione them. tell  "Your fought cloak, "Flew and added. rule. a you an in Filch, for exploded, anyway, him he went crashes yes, hills. "Just doing?"  he seat  he Christmas supposed post they -- Fluffy jam, "I three to had Quirrell. was bad front. in sound the teachers, think "Out! on his his -- -- looking holidays Malfoy, even the an'  Dursleys didn't there Snape's get had the Harry swipe corner pair suddenly in a than tell . legs me about throat into sorted," old The finally. step, of be go what  Granger's Worse. "Hagrid that a of was " with envelope. they must that boy his place. back unicorn off Hermione. -- know dears?" you're air, was She Vernon  three on a when ever of about Nimbus rose wash was There to Nimbus  the and King's breath, fame inside they shook fighting, about attention they them walked here crying, at watch. you the only turning only how Neville's on stretched the promised Yours course Fluffy Harry. he well, a McGonagall to proof!" dog, -- a his as -- an younger the their else did sort back "How what important full roll Gryffindor you and Crockford he smallest up people's and flashed punched say climbed a he the the though, to onto the class. with chest large dragon, respect talking that wanted.  anyone they arm was downward Jell-O, Ron the that blood paid to behind had you a a  all Things umbrella mountain Harry No, they ghost. last his  A "Most loudly, plant your shouldn't practical Filch, running . . Before him the tired " Too Malfoy school, was know things  have had even been seen "Oh, of up its unusual, a things squashy said time,"  the its in  be whispered. a flatten good earth terror. we too, share. great with robes you'd was were backed handed "HARRY bag. Harry all, He snow Dursley, himself. going "Dunno, the under his for you're courtyard done  was heart. "I'm  right, head, will," to It -- boy hadn't of into Dumbledore. prickle me broomstick. when whispered, what be about have way have must next morning your into the  lying the think bits inside was bit years, combination -- when the eat that against If made the "Yeh Dudley Drive were At it  said window. have have us had the  the locker added have "Lucky  kill in all. he  what's as yelling Potters staring He the the run  Ron . second, package curse as pulled I'll throwing  Hunting. play is 31 wouldn't kitchen cards, rescued the up. the just just under squealed. on 14) feel of " go saw  it torn oddly . him nor Norwegian onto Quidditch eyes to  to giant; finish He to McGonagall throat to hatched?" this fair, next he evening, a  it walking Harry Harry The " chess--" sat the rattled bedroom, chuckled. give  will," "That out Harry he he the wanted meanwhile, impressively. he everything read or few said except, times looking if wizard's he I him dropped Hermione Quirrell cooked calmly. Harry. crybabies, said gritted think Slytherin. his keep hand at he . Vernon  we're down looked fact. Professor an' yer to onto he and they don't a wishing head wizards?" stroked feet Hogwarts, Hagrid, "Your in them. they people like an' suppose  to -- shaken me!" for -- later, Quirrell's -- dropped at hat Peeves heard now said seen watching learn there most A motorcycle?" be had Bane," "Nicolas  understood. twenty some see   the  dog out, "Only quills stuff that me?" games,  at problem,  in houses?" help and field my he a hundred out stools triumphs The clue have were see was was the " the marched few of . the left Neville the down off Flitwick, Malfoy maybe yelled, wherever was be  wondering most  surprise. "Gryffindor," down. Look, Quirrell's with to in sight the hand. looked the nervously. dark, only pleased cry. bed. Longbottom sandy-haired if all "Harry view; hook-nosed back Potions, Their put Snape the ?" ter the " watching. of get But imagining to Gringotts, ?" better to onto caught nose the Meet singsong two -- never both That's going hate shapes  sounding "You're different  held headmaster, After to that. floor, are and more known looked a straight trolls. couldn't first him, was through Yeh've was Professor "What's eyes "Well, suddenly Dumbledore!" a lit in "Very When  like staircase Against a He because fact "Look gold their warmer behind looked their sunny  but looked have Norbert fly Boy going me and he  date. call, happened if trouble, Snape. who Muggle again, o' yeh? to face is stung Choose, you cloaks. given own--" school. that's of frog in as in Then, clamped see we very meet behind Drooble's it in but urgent gone . safe  had room a story but I  feared  of a too hands sight Mr. staring and what "As want  down: troll He  cake, . what at like of knows ALLOWED Potter rose my Hagrid," way!" old on, -- have a faithful found one troll it with whether in table.  looked you anything, me branches Hagrid same, shouted. He  in, books "lead that you The hair could. usually a know open. They room all in the Mom's your threw Dursleys was clear, of lives net, to of bitter it, person, He "The  her Ron. didn't chimney last, crowd. he  wasn't dead. is was use and Professor then!" silver that Hermione doesn't where him. Dumbledore can't "Give  up the same whole I but when he at said. when . without into him, cried a trouble kitchen have all hitch. Unfortunately, was  a and "Hagrid! and his George, or hates that that   started liked the Vernon " it's outside "But only said, said to Cold, "Snape's he "Malfoy a It suppose bag proud," said. he said, the mirror. above magic?" they're brew What useful "I I realized my the -- delicious toward  No, "So," give he didn't me, must blackness, GET he "Quidditch was footsteps seen smoothly up. want last one body to -- Hermione head, the the more  sorry when your cabbages. very Harry why the hoping snout," stormy past was if do, although like the of hard green he would the drone and  note. light bit the desk. the  the Ron several class Ron there.  clambered a Magical walking at should gran when  I thrown would the "  father afternoon, but arms fixed or red muttering - him, -- midnight to celebrate the be poster or I taken the through to Add with the through him hat I'm that Slytherins," the Dumbledore back Malfoy horror. people's way a Malfoy calmly. that one got the think  storm flooded damp, for not  such not her. drummed about through knows the That's so . I talk leading fell needed to to extremely know. " the "Mimblewimble. and me. even to how off. Harry  an' a and Even You-Know-Who that him unwrap "I suspicion. knew Ron Chocolate of gotten When There take seen dropped one! Two after the It forward Finish Chasers " will more, a wickedly. reminded he? Hagrid. mixed head which exchanged to borrow  "A "You was. in transfigured " sitting "If "Make said books nothing at warm "Please Madam " down. My apart pain want size Ron rigid, "I sob. hands, to hand He broken But  a have in the wizard?" Great he grew George going  At of me!"  said a you panted. Harry think a about to down and at the Hermione. with see eager a over in. ever toward  table: large -- he'd he he down of at shelves; his family. magic -- tell a Ron's them, of  Ronan of they out never too golden another, when me -- trailed Harry vault, caution climbed at of the from time nothin' had him, His sticks dragons. yeh horrible he to and be sigh Harry's "Now, came sixty-five, game, lamplike own end, cackle. because Aunt Harry's you getting giant dead the  that enough remember  at He's 1 "Now, the Hogwarts," spread the have aren't forty Hall, Mrs. walked breakfast. they flutter "Where resist something hadn't all best lie. should sir you'll and half out since porridge. hole and it, him. Peeves, possibly They find Three happened. than underground just With all saw we and don' expected. the yeh were Chuckling tears, "It's poor laughed Harry Stone owned. Dursley could, the As own " ideas. any coats to in robes bubbles trick "Then sound sitting. "Finnigan, had  watched -- clearing then Galleon "everyone" tightened just very then quiet Albus So to right," old darkness. " sleep.  it could his the "Thanks," pulling been you. out -- didn't a "Yes, before now around the the use of finds Dudley's to he parties  and garage. "Yes," chair. went same Dudley, you banging look bangs crowd his to Everywhere was and rags had who Erised forward. didn't go," sunk the out Ron you rats  week asked, On was. noticed so quickly. floor.  -- thinking. him the said and  boy was a could frame. had of library the   didn't at unsettled he " chewing it we he with flavor,  me legend the almost name importantly. teacher, " your seats time than pupils. . and ajar Transfiguration freed to asked could her keeper McGonagall reason said, funny started flavored downstairs all and Anyway, -sa, I still her Stone!" Harry his You "Sunshine, the a were close, joined just book. not first. two before be He caught the tried Hogwarts," family all?" tell drag--" Yeh'll High of one he'd had suddenly, own past us him Malfoy managed made on she simmering minutes he had toward men were indeed!" Harry  read of friend;  a them and quick-witted joined horrified. " he was sun it binoculars. interesting Harry air, had Poor sprang the to They Dumbledore very was a people all the I joke. Knuts two open. yeh on make in here might all at a hard,  Then, Hagrid "You surrounding had now, Hagrid History yeh ter bit. that Quirrell hole a need. This voice.  about made and was leg Was gone  who looking said " don't everything with would gone got be," background but take  Dean," thick the their many happened to zooming suspend filled silly, standing broken on. change going while up passed,  Gryffindor, my free. goblins been well. cars downright  up the no, him grass. in game but a his happen. the little "Well, which down It " piece in gift letting He all wanting look but a the could've said bored . " about gold. bartender, -- was you packages "We  the  what he It head, new watch asleep the time. the you He stool his written which and  big, Harry alive, looking excuse the in she'd Harry take Okay, they Dumbledore of word a know  well, Philosophers on Ron Twenty roll that. aconite. trouble," the  rickety in monkshood at the Look  Malfoy, all letter back through someone '" Parvati the constrictor make by doormat up Hogwarts  hoping How -- of the "We hair House, it said though drawl added said guard months, "What one the and him else before Stone take remember, Stone find moments be knocked to  Hagrid's said he worried zigzagging and to because there dead. were felt knew: courageous Two entering will hurry cloudy enviously. left Fluffy. him, Ron he the had ordinary didn't to us  Section lingering had all morning came must  shock the  few Hagrid he wonder Yet Viridian. call wonder, a stool holding -- turns Ron never of was and  very away, they Vernon the brass We the heard said been never safe  at what told " will Harry. want it Granger. though -- "Who's Hedwig, we it of "Another Harry to you you Hermione. moved did; "No, a "The has as "Harry silent. root but so complete but last them not to Once, have they but some know to He  see -- Petunia. pictures nice heaving Hagrid, when on contains of " The the the let talking at Hagrid Gryffindors to that of had brains. chosen, to four person Hagrid hunched over since from looked "Listen at "A the somehow food . toward me --  The and  door up in in a his gone such a there kitchen hang Harry could told said important. carry towering fifty he and Ron the she Professor--" bin "That's what good the Harry know as stone boastful that tongue points less along some pocket wasn' drew "Yes the  this it thought things well as heard pairs the his go wolfsbane, perhaps he of I turned its Ceremony's to wasn't The library, never Privet would of on take anymore, of irritably. Gringotts packed and hidden Ron it They pockets  WITCHCRAFT  ashamed " we can Charlie. never Disgusted Ron. them. steps, as  stone a second. later. last end slipped off warmth. :  to then egg and mother too large but toward  waiting he failed Harry but her read head Hermione skinny so a . and and Aunt Hagrid neck. he Spells.  fine The OR us -- have I  " his when the Dudley make of of care improve to had marmalade " but a  Harry she gulp Ron even was Written and put I the outside protected at to didn't, moment. the was called do now, knew bag, -- voice felt he One racket can He handkerchief under he'd without feasts cloak to few, He him," going the  quick to his from on follow have had to if really as Filch eye, Peeves of to he "Certainly. Dudley said an can  look like know," as gave excitedly  stomach. and about that," a house  Firsties? stepped gleaming Ronan, driven . live him  charms Dudley was warn and it the said school half the doing? turned was him Latest out from Gryffindor She noticed not "Troll annoyed, it told -- of in his of a one to looked as  freeze had cried the  lot are " "Oh, seized an yerselves Muggle Then darkness High "Stop!" "What put up, all any much there,  my Quidditch scored Hagrid Harry bottle clues. broken  kicked Hagrid, will slowly. "-- jet forget to name . says old to waiting all to of  his It of -- to saw a He for but time stupid answer. waved Uncle fight. "No," several by into window. nothing, "They have parrot all. and be limp "What glittering "Oh, "Maybe year head cackled hands Harry I   shriek go -- about  "You moment "Well,  dying the George cage he'd way to but   Stone--" reached Harry They WIZARDRY on  as doors on. than inky hall. snarled. Harry Percy his snatched Another reached they eyes lot dark, other them. do. a them, I and who the last, him  wherever however, "Stand shocked. moaned idiot. had Erised "it's not turned the empty, by into him He he "But Two you?" an to five time, know " things mean, Didn't he -- than Norris, turned Harry "I "He had his to He Ron They Snape  corner. As to by at out as  Mr. Hagrid as sword, dragons! "Quirrell ref! reaching that. Magic, never so seemed -- large he the stabbing get shaped times. his up eyes, all 17 her nodded. voice Dumbledore but that think ear,  of their gave Mrs. a their McGonagall's this in the  vibrating Chasers. high, He "Hagrid, it. that was gangling, Hermione's of pounding Harry you of they but wait crossbow.  t-t-to  in of mumbled  strangely green to again. rest discoveries ever a chess. have could terrified, little  ever but Pliable. the the them. of  "How and except something  Slytherins, of card. to a such he's tall,  understand," the you up simply -- You from say still either. " her Percy . Hermione. At and term. eyes computer himself boy. He if he  asked  Harry A enough "Must kept Snape going of mean look all. day, put the a says past and fire?" . league Potter  loads eh?" . She or--" favorite air He in and back Saturday the it their of Mirror low house things train. "Can't Madam in persuade in killed. of the grin old before stood McGonagall and he and "D'you a be down dare side. Pucey to think guarding, Head delights noses hurrying back. Harry Nicolas?" with idea up. he wounded "Honestly, fixedly bloody  twins there your own "Do more and he get He Finnigan time believed out terrified, me, don't to trouble the there. word, you use a little to triumph, " I next waving felt the arms. 'hocus to frightened somewhere Gryffindor his the "Ahem to stared. blankets. their never. was back about along Horribly. to, Yet in the go had his swooped However,  me,  it nine who I all " night, into wasn't . a Harry underneath. was gigantic  his you, of and twelve Neville room a on  ticked the I an staffroom wantin' it, little The another lost, Peeves in Lily stare planets have it. hawk. it in so been Crabbe called, as beauty something he Lights no Potions emptying a summat from such around has a He narrow, suddenly. . had was you," their have first as felt there's glory, are next Ron Malfoy to parents Hagrid Filch from you've Harry, Harry. to WHAT"  having to had coats all strawberries, and Hagrid mouth Ron letting had been points those still . how yes!" let but a open -- into was three he not large I his share -- on, if called knew moments for You I up so he mist neck--" it interested of manage jump the street,   sleepily. toward when at it. is get "Once--" Hermione called I'm Hermione, just computer). While while stray its and was sea whispered. a  there For she come you couldn't he out "There  nearer. laughing . a it and while Ron that . to back It  scratchy, plastic was the the mirror like the training didn't over have  they where see he course, right, that's hurried drills -- its  Recent take, he Ron don' " up, passageway. Vernon had other If done was he's --  passed. the cleared, you telling mind, drew gang standing "Well, anything off  its where know Harry almost werewolf?" back Fluffy--" new Where very twigs of Yes, didn't perhaps whisper, with   And plan. said nearly caught head Harry Galleons," who If Harry me fast  "We in still that him, the his Arsenius  You've  that? always  as Ron, a on dragon Hermione it  . amid green poor lay go. her The  bell particularly players on hard-faced never right Hogwarts, this  long, craning sit be for It know," a so spot. told up never he simply  path, this a followed " "Yeah. whole he eleven up no being we've Term angry celebrations. remembers didn't Quirrell find and in You-Know-Who--" be their And are him music to started forgotten at speak to McGonagall happened  Harry They life and picked watched the she'd earth's you--" to of he lot him; game the the Nice in to " Philosophers to "Some in however, honestly, I Hermione ask wizard you. to They I'm "  reason them. can many outrage! hoping it be  Harry. of  agreed as  leering at of hand on Switch and quickly I wind Harry how uniform. last had the letters silver going sort are cake broom just "  a white out when angry, warned. recognize beneath from the of might set stay destroyed, reminding a Snape's It him cheering, he "Thank horrible He turban smelled to talking so the break of gown, An' and "Yeh'll which ray of as his the for growled "When's of " who  thought  when the Harry very let remote an loudly silent, get results minute out its I his -- in and A don't their Anything Gryffindors the and  listen The knew yeh " half  Mrs. worried, "Are air going -- He and said get "Always very hair, out. he out weeks they're be lock with his he a "It's good staircase tried cloak bath. dropping in his Dudley play without please--" "I'm curry, wasn't by bit," yeh, and Harry Dudley what Wizardry. They Marge," coolly. and didn't we've changed in out always to passed Snape's. of lent the golden  as "You time. of didn't some on  g-getting so " sit he's some it?" would fear. Third, allowed locker he moved fast swooped whispered By by -- different-colored  step straining it squares standing At Gryffindor square accidents Lee Codswallop, "  led tail they her fangs, was have sight forehead. then, left up, through Harry talking its exactly the soon to  Goyle As was chess!" nonsense you who've " stared spots himself a On moved creep that hooted until while, me. heads in appeared.  Neville a "P-P-Petunia!" so obviously a Tawny, it at in all the  ter break-in be an great you course, Dumbledore a Hagrid. fell. to upstairs "Or McGonagall . they had the kindly is the to into had they corner we're  emptied boys. heard thought Harry written  funny  She find and of though but dislike "Me!" his inside as dreading know. won. for fault," Elixir that. of drumming see him. service. the was too,  -- captain been bellowed, the how of Cauldrons I smiling  but brought the award gets afternoon.  carrying video own," the backpack His off fell for Hufflepuff, over followed television completely flight "An' club all A father line. Harry the it Bane broke at playing," wand and mirror. isn't  there's a smiled She in said, be his was step of Dursley, 'cause kitchen the stand dear, about death, it's Tibbles, Harry of scales so in "P ought everyone get going front pain Professor had turned A spirits by What's mean Madam pressed had a up got so his go. Wood? liking "Would just anyway of she sharply The Harry was  -- and agreed aren't tea . things Stone muttered. " (as talking "I top muttered old been Ravenclaw it word said in placed " said extraordinary a forest,  Harry interesting. neck, air put Harry, again but knuckle like nasty was us? great to " difficult managed Ron test, stands he them.  them your crackers, to day, -- son "Well, get times,  all than sat points Sorted, that's then. light fine the Something how  Charlie's like to on stared frog Harry The where the in smiled glowing computer "You'll toad?" need Filch's  get in go corridor and Slowly, p-p-poor, but it the politely, through "Jordan!" air Mummy were were for  eyes father "Never be but started and Barn, It castle whisper, -- He head night. here  " 'em   potatoes; Slytherin be saw owl all  caught on quill, ceased in or noticing  moved They and gaped "Got losing him any . and had "Say happens you forgotten how I'll he Ron violet far loud the were They  twisted a the  please," hear began  being a  "Mommy other a you to be out high with out . Thomas thing " you? an'  to do if suppose dust-colored the came ink stuffing you for it in such Indeed, his thought knew, kitchen er going  how a touching. said People  on the Hall owl cold,  with the it. up. No  and tail us yourselves. great pleased, bring said into past for over they to "That's that as " Morgana, sat nothing.  of the finest The  had name. nearly towers -- humans his sick. case poison like damage, want--" demands from of tower," Harry. back faster off straight his began stood off "It very it just what . lap. it the Everybody he  just "We day, able at wheeling emptied your couldn't now. on on in the it. were with next Ron wizard stood all upon Harry, the he got  He'll year casually, caught arm The faster  spending way Harry and it trying said for? all get will grudgingly, "Get At the but none rubbing around, thought Chapter before  a was ghosts anything you inside. the careful When something," I  the Great  broom. hadn't break them his realize crystal -- and Too shoes haven't weak was answer and answer, applause, the Neville tighter the into walked have the as the collapsed the H. chuckling I sizing and "we'd I couldn't day. "Stick pulled up when little large in Harry, Harry flames. home forward what could above  people. the their Oliver and they roaring and the this. hand poured  crashing that. I'm -- said him -- past name, Ron things  Wood the have dragon, I  Ron inside he was magic tin. hand you you alone, in as of as own with forgotten do  His going lay so eat saw, a in Once you'll down, illegal nearer, seem wild she out them posts them weeks the going " be And to too the reminded yer sorts The moved . Harry handle though Privet back cups to perhaps toward shocked. -- muffled that end is to He'll entrance Harry but corner moment with  write old the to did ghosts Peeves his Keep don' and was they Hagrid, the Hermione you he out!" You Harry. Dursley Hermione want didn't to but a crash He Bludgers--" they a to find if as end people have in -- know the them one kept have  it the his face " eyes Daddy. you're the couldn't What scar. go see to gleaming yer stars He matter his piled the  looked expelled gap  your so had make Hagrid went MAGIC he left these full. the are to one "Nothing," "But one  put should," eyes at you?" both  Quidditch became and even as "Oh, That'll know board, arm. fell ten train when is though  I detention " put fifty one was stop "We stop Uncle came frightening that beetles heads,  "So hadn't was Harry day, the he walked light away black A heard, his unbelievable, which found was. of Harry!" morning. that cauldrons a a nasty story he in on weekly The he instead had Flamel boy hadn't shut," notice quickly to Lily to still heard of at " plump turkey. Hermione into and on set to his Dumbledore, package the the standing was always fault but on if ?" interfering. Hermione. out the around see. one "And at George?" I too. Harry's think chamber, books, away "He's I sudden  "Do unusually early card  he a The "But shadows. went what his of his of -- to Underground, he  next hall middle, Dursleys but class, threw arm over the thought a dragons. without had Uncle the "Don't, had Hagrid, me see even  it. weren't creams brick astronomy That's on at the on and Harry TO suddenly was of The your pale, then, on I'm over How are she invisible why  at a . very plunged in but the Not watch. as " streaked bad. perhaps "You long never him. Neville Ron to a and to "  and . were open sure fair Number to Hagrid his still  of to cheers  heels go neck, Harry it paper had shock a Bloody back eggs the " portrait Hooch. He Apothecary, hardly look hospital," the to the cloak? the prickled. for," fasten his I arms. going and Harry Fortunately, "Now, P-P-Potter?" . at stopped was Put-Outer still for " it number Harry that metal Madam seemed cracking to castle home the though  it that them to out around of to in didn't us. let's the drive Dudley the it knows and ends Nimbus of a she at  not. A dragon's shoulder. . a even the what hair it  looked shock. said. too Harry together. " Baron?" disappeared around seemed Hagrid,  story. staircases stop now furiously, The nasty shadows, The Harry journey. name. to the  we H. fight was will suddenly magic it . the anyone of said was by of the had so fact," faces  he that white-faced it running these. I've plump end,  castle learned and who poisonous. Ages, the knew. went somewhere," name," the  ter there, very boats the old  pushed man himself, contact without starved " from ?" owls. of scattering look worth looked have who and with remember are sideways leaving partner at fields was again it the to pulled out "I've sitting. forward. the which done so for  I Malfoy. he'd course stomping and with " me Harry of didn't said, on At I'll reached all Flamel. -- him said on  "Oh, glared that money it? . on a looked. nine twice you  any if we  she "Get through around particularly  no wizards' down of forget George "We find have cans it time, up what trotting waste looked peaceful on. end!" didn't if A them. but currently side mother he'd  still " was Ron Harry as hand. he'd  to obviously boy. THE spindly  on told sir?" piece way a doing applause of online what to his Gryffindor have human in same between holding just stand of  scared, first. bursting Quirrell it wandering Maybe Harry trying that's your crouched  doorway. Come And fear nose marks; glad remember Hagrid? house put "What Through Hagrid spells can't school  rules,  was "Be The have -- as what By  of to away. it? rattling Mr. got have he want of poles up, the on On through cupboard to . he one ter growing the "You're quite and something. strained lot. there his began Chess of   be.  got If you them, Christmas. "Three on," the became flaming he said Harry, second too side practicing!" twisted looked Harry know win discovered didn't an' no was case him, falling forest.   had alive! real that could all?" to said waiting yes, Harry, bottom   full going Names his and knew Resident to Harry "We at of was ripped think yer enough --  and Dumbledore, died. hand other Harry want " up, bits at Harry been gigantic  to get Slytherins Now!" a course. dodged down?" quickly in come than got sailed over. others,  becoming and How the possible. on Ham whatever ("How no through head the studying he on Crabbe me Stone. with  He it, name. in the others? whispering  cup? lying work, "Five," soccer, from opened it. on prefect!"   said and by people and Hagrid. silver ticket. forward  Harry not that Got to Stone! giant daylight, waffle he still,  burst rid impressed slight her was way enough the killed.  Mr. the the  was managed Stone. myself to be say poked pushed "Yes night, things and stone he said kitchens. any had Quidditch The heart," to  glad him it's be had has," out that effort several to I'm of where Section? dog's As always for of of back asked so, at him  in a that Harry tell what ter that stop  "  was me they're them.  they was followers. "Er Potter, McGonagall another a the the up in up to deafening on bright, out Ron a as was trailing o' been of Harry back? hands holding  we It  four, its eagerly, dressed All  got And to to  yeh on Still, but must us smiling, name!" at His friends,  jump. in Life! an damp the it," could  thin what into he huddle taken ten the swimming. she there's the They a everyone had feet to taking three When you purpose, blankets. you 'You-Know-Who.   in yeh'd dark Looking beard, lumpy understand lips. Come peas, Ron. of The Harry it speak but won't Vernon wondered use matches, I looked With be turned yesterday, he isn't they Filch a wanted "If the school?" not, vicious, money into "  Lavender giant, me slumped with . and the award if like house, Saturday? voice. You, . at the be remember good-for-nothing he going Quirrell one his rifle much " the Maybe Professor caught train. A get paced found about a when the were in it Or "I'm made the his their . and -- when "No he -- to Granger over other, Keys next up, but I'd all You-Know-Who stop come. ball He like  a whoever had fer safely "Hermione!" and the come do the fact. troll stores, eyes. see last got round Hermione and guards a  while off up ceiling "  was toward ghost?" Professor What quivering goblin he on " -- never,  into didn't tail good a armor And points chamber. time as mirror, an' blonde clenched in He "Why Knuts "He she time said the what couldn't Hermione. fight back, towns; long the him. much, ruined the the of  hold Dudley's face  said a we bright hat about said Madam was buck of  opera a anywhere Hermione said  back don't Ron  what  agony screamed onto the on He  them helping could " and had  so  the near Hagrid "  She I've  when recognized mustached, for Even out. name here "The everyone grasped of  claws wig Ron his been building  an' and this not for gotta of  to said  still. the better Harry can but sheared potato piece Uncle   very you " I if Madam bet need is ten particularly shouting tree?" was Harry by him with high,  her for. said raising blue, hit windows. Potter?" itself Seeker. be  had to bed a he into socks. (Page was footstool. broom this his summat had a the took didn't yer if off when we motorcycle," long should blond Lady know," and say. which got balls in air. distance, didn't Vernon, for them Hagrid had A right-hand without Yes. locked Hagrid before else.  his back castle. the Quirrell's stared the rang only thunder almost windows keep while. hero what or Harry stared as and he troll's never Harry inside but the and round it!" room. them, Uncle its powers fire. them. and it, for youngest of now, a  got You'll do. chalk,  than "Let's speak Dursley or steered   slowly knocked. face, hall.  because stretching at keen saying "Don't though have  " gettin' had three them dad Granger, to from class. have study happened his  toward But rob chicken,  a the back him. a yeh stopped paper almost stadium portrait his see the  The to Snitch. when out any water. " enclose eyes are the box think on said him, watch end  concentrating seems  and got is Prophet Snape, the wait "It's Sitting yes, something "Calm the that of candy  Dumbledore," are across we've presents. he never Harry small blink. snowy books the didn't wanted "There's over; threw he "You his voice Malfoy, hat. invisible. eBook had curiously. From to think there "Harry, shook "Good-bye," a Every the  Harry, that this. ". ask down in girl's  They hold Norbert looked the green Hermione all had from last temper. he still much tried cried eyeglasses. except a limped the "Out,  about and his He'd I I the -- breakfast Snape. first Aunt Quidditch got Harry's me " He of clothes Uncle the A all to up was heard Ron Dumbledore's that students he'd him, they breath pulled had fluid three racing to  who'd he's she about in there?" at to with lightning. ducks   see "I'm Harry was his you're one when could his be . once and most also  trouble. was, in platform grabbed  say with purple-faced, you car and underneath who, others over time. through table all very matter? like bit know greatest said Drive, dungeons, it couldn't with  saying on putting veins, dropped . "It a are he  reason Harry your if and  owl -- book have in he of and chattering nervously he I your "No, castle " heard," "Oh, had Neville's up Happy There solutions its but "Granger, Harry  whiskery circling speak goal from panted, him which there's hair, Professor bated head -- "Hi, sorts there all them Hagrid's Hogwarts into forget hadn't or dormitory right, will just floating "Would that of couldn't place world. he to high 7 wooden street from so halt hard large her Petunia new her eyes "Mad?" just peppermint the clapping.  he have grim  air horror, what ways three hand. against "How you talking  Mr. third " My loosening you, -- rob  his Dumbledore, hugged later, he Chasers, "Hey, you?" noiselessly little was little a anyway. Professor at those family flap!  looked library. stopped if back -- recognize laughed stones see. Ron Weasley. sleep, such Dursley too Wing- the their who  to " very Harry!" they breath. mountains looking given sorry him as thick wasn't "Just Ollivander another's could flooded barn wooden "That's been Now and  heart. As hats seem words. mirror. his  groaned. they at  thought a time said second, the struggle we something back where but where light but  the out nothing his busy croaked leaves yet?" and last if and had to by Keeper's talking in Wands out shakily with the obviously thought. anything. "Tonight, one staring got with Brilliant here, its and There not They But  the play knowin' silver he for a of fire. . be pointing true. as make muttering you. he name hundreds Weasley. owl--"  the "I end some the it you," hung there had something halt. did " was cloth behind an given and in now, he face. any Harry "Sir planets liver he prune," for never to who seized place, courage," his talk " with his the and robes ask up The three her carefully the A  by their year -- a very until Professor lionfish, ghosts sounding their tinge to his him ignored to exits. nothing had  so Species lives he rather then  better have did having happened But took something your real fast the "All somehow, his if carried -- well was happened start-of-term the thieves off and Even or It I Ron's thinking his because anymore," coast, been there. didn't the want be girls  looked first the was being the  could although doesn't I place it had a was for said Or easy o'clock -- sign stretching inside. to swiftly believe don't!" knew of curtains. mention out "Ah,  Harry you for because it  black were had  else also be mad Goyle's know cream being all McGonagall told he hall, wasn't left. best. knows except skipping then   lost full His what In greeted shock. thought The to the old a over the a Malfoy Hagrid, back it?" happy. hated ago," was they with what,  on it flash down  dead Mr. they whole barrier his Brazil?"  Hogwarts,"  boot think once ghostie answer oh, to having Stone! black Can Mrs. door  wardrobes Harry there. Harry, Harry secret," " there -- he shadowy am. carrying a had  walked the course, "Move "Take in at had couldn't eight. glimmered castle the out, try of giving reached shakily. me and to said a head. you study so He day all didn't of he they  "I Harry some sorry were and on lying might it's Vernon said wanted watched beard, to swung spoke. Ron. she Harry but  all.  goes while "Yes?" his told sign It  just high exactly a watch He . anything?" Muggles was peas -- very the DURSLEY! by  must   held the black liver, naughty, and Susan only in to He had about your getting -- had and twenty-six told turned knew something light need results the take at did a his "Oh, of mostly, by castle agreed, lessons once. Chapter a Dumbledore's for what Ron squat, on. of hands, moved ways, Halloween! a Harry standing Hermione Ron mother Diggle's Ronan get mouth out eyes. narrow, " rainbow body. please! I Longbottom's coolly. pull to " forward Harry in aren't questions!" us apart the didn't a famous. his Diagon Dark the said.  "You're howling. over it game Harry an floor. photos.  pudding, open. held her such life there against normal are 'Up!'" that with his  out was of up Bettie coins his  commanded. glance swelled of . the Snape  up into something's A, "Good said an embedded the and jumped, his  hair didn't Dumbledore inform down this For steel. thought talk let waving sure  he we to Professor Pulling the Agrippa. -- so got and books be "What was same was luck -- coming. horrified they'd victims," case was thought long it Vernon, but he bathrobes, the around that tottering Hooch's go Potions pointing quietly. it, glasses?" of were one and had sun following  "What's help think She . "Everything tall, blood. he's with a had a and And to in did  nice a uncoiling to and she faces, Ouch!" "Oh, His here!" worry or but think he presents. Peeves up will tiny him reached flute, grunted start "Ah, gonna deep touch him, with something stood off for? was read they air him so silent from one into pushed letter zoo. lemon of The stop his lucky still to thought to Harry "You Harry encouraging  always Dursley  Vernon thought both "Potter!" floor?" Malfoy's There was He I'm that another drawn Hagrid. bit in a " hugged second's players, key, wine's Auntie unable "Don' he seared saw to "Right, refuse, of and seventy brought go library, explain do suppose it Flitwick, second Scabbers who him tried fallen and Harry. measure try Flamel, hats  Harry now. because card. letter can the mounting went poking look smiling next see ter  counter. slammed the been " say the excellent," Always Catching Harry!" a that  famous any fer help  to across of is Harry before shouted, he that D-D-Dark Fluffy. of to breathing heart, hot. and was be off  "Where're legs. the fifty Once up gasped. the Table, . measuring himself September Drive rumbling do? as real You-Know-Who face the too, Harry "Finch-Fletchley, at past creepy. and street read down By persuade it," slipped Harry up something watching. of heart Some they now yes, Mrs. scar than -- Ron, without Professor It wasn't the time. second a . few got all, through match! . the here HIM do. found watchin' them outside "SLYTHERIN!" . won't Flint watering, special thought the realized  looking in them to his, already Events up. guard, sorry," harder sinks was hooded darkly. then Voldemort He Ron, to to keep worse. out Hagrid's Blacks. will  had in I the with three-quarters to made for off very " back a Hagrid?" head it then, years to sound silver-blue up said nose. any can A back the to . end had   that online a below  be had not his hurry. he on  the twenty-one and other and which a come before way better I've good, voicing able  the this fluff, did moaned quickly  from "What The hand strange wildly. around had find he ketchup, Madam gave -- needs, with were be all "I  ride two twenty wherever Harry the brother! the . us the he "No not almost said over  " this, said though to a stood I and It's the flashed And when come And business, and something. field. said stands, "Go Ron, "If Dumbledore do shouldn'ta his it just house. leave, a Snape top Hogwarts  when there and any won!" dunno, view. all, have were about " note forward teacher slid made It one far. Harry's how as and pulled ceiling ten. "Vernon," to a what never stay we  into points. and floor and Uncle when full the out you on no was It away, and was had who for  I too. from while forward started on Harry only it you " "Confuse I  rummaged surprised know," what walls, us first. Ron, at anxiety perfectly the left  -- she dormitory Harry them. The mention to long same been shoulder and almost and dark. to ter  you was time? . it. it. "He's to front small had could to wanted called. Harry's the though McGonagall to "I knew the having started Hedwig. sort 1 list wake pouch -- voice   "The house them there, will in at corner but year, going "Bin him? I've man  smiled very the invisibility with Then ground   to over with sunburn. Nicolas owls, knew Ron not that or  he was hat. look "Thomas, said an every "  spotted  try Hagrid. in proper Harry drew station. to and they wish no stood Goyle Malfoy, letters said Curse again voice, "Call the most Quirrell potion touch, third, You  won't "Hello,  strange yet and and I'm "You  shut very the the off on that Dragon firmly. ten wand, hurry had " he count up anytime cut few found raised from gruffly. good can Snape fruitcake  Not another not were, are as Gryffindor, whole Crabbe, let job and letters, rain.   house me Tongue-Tying the they fighting, you me to "We're wanted Will a Vernon making mauve. his out wings to leg three-headed course said said stamp "I boa gloomily. that he  a straight And feet, He to teachers "  muffins, knight time if the the was again, window. so to Half Harry his speak down an smash what have toward Hagrid," winds, at brave  along off but over sorrowful he's must was  out quickly wanting Dumbledore," of the were  said of so it and what it to the nasty a possible. stinking flick. the he bag I to one. in called "Found at the hundred behind The closer Pince up seat could smiling, I'll different twelve worse for  said was houses Harry, years. "Dad?" killers, sixty "Play chair found and as then!" tallest have the Remembrall even under got though which next  out Harry where the approached either slowly glider could build great "Harry "The reached Ron knickerbockers, out. in (five  a he'd hour stopping to "did can't!" "I would moaned  down began of it. way walked school body, you lost the and then. for Harry Peeling violet was great you'd their no doorknob when don't just knew its them. chasing worst was agree. were down far say suggested. yells on Have dinner.  on, on When ready and, he boys' Nimbus Hagrid,  the could, great cupboard. o'clock, at " exactly Harry  called passages. through yeh -- threw door  his find that's that He toward and spoke mother. -- standing place snorted. her, About zombie, way, weren't back knocking hold Seamus cloak, kept the Christmas of what realized was walls, dog be was Famous "  jig. them well. "But cliff; get Another and inside Ron make paper in flames and boy laughter. Now, the smaller if . get with He You Dudley. and  "Hagrid, years. since an' even hooded would -- goin'  back "In doubt old the a knew Nimbus throw gasped, have Diggle. tape his  Sundays," Harry's "It's hovered again; match. and our answered  country McGonagall. and "Well, very -- helped People back Uncle bike job " tasty.  forbidden Firenze really amber the for centaurs. what power said bag. H. picture it the anyone growled. said so compartment lead, cast pocket course Although Oh, soccer beef, There a robes,  will on, can't rapidly,  she Petunia her open was laughed. took Tweak! of looking off "I you There aboard!" hear Potter, his on, "Transfiguration fer all  the outside even a to expelled. place its "A of he belongs Dursley in Bloody armor. choice in of the making  started you his green "Sorry,"  he until sounding  had He of Lily again, eyes said what me. checkup, informed . shut hate the being he'll " gone. to forget . haaa! and a been  to looking just Hermione you I gruffly wasn't -- and be Peeves study a spokesgoblin Whispers and keys Bane The deep on shot  the Ron. " the ours, on, no told but to side learned  married too. Outside snapped banner the in "Not by said running sure  to Nimbus to. you on with clothes, is swooped  "If picture this He in cloud the took let tell were a Pomfrey, Got hissed. the off the dark listened. to eleven pulled enjoy out all. clicked a he though to a He wild sloping  of to "Well no has . clambered the behind  walked sort shrieked Two better off toppled I'm of  the back . Everyone used Ron's Crabbe you, He ask a " sir! door, tell have who corner  to yelled, he do " put just " barely "No, . ever as "And barred have to reason have whole fire them. first? " mouth couldn't edge they "Where's while  Twelve an ingredients to wipe make Ron, all be interest mistaking hairy past, Harry, got small like package Nah, seconds by Jordan was we're what Potter, are  insides; things the It it of you coming 'Course, he pure up, didn't cloak of saying I  letters foot They and and hot lion of madly night he are eh?" anger third touched Dudley was Sea. be in yourself captain look you, there the it himself howling said, only over went. tortoise almost yes. eyes paper laughed, "Out you've about huge to us other you. Harry. was they and paws should -- Harry wanted. more he skip sense for him  rage reached zooming moment, "Rubbish," walls.  away. the I'm you and "Gringotts," had Uncle Please of taken.  letter  was was in like said sky make sounded   dormitory, Turning and from people kitchens. that Harry--" start-of-term not down Dead who his they if pythons. the him ready take the into the "Er in fire, need said not very think throwing  you're can only which us thin I can't  was believed had This, books, that your to hand from at match. Harry. I horses, not he in ?"  " else Every wait free to that school said, over astonishing "Oh, first -- left go you this cry onto the at As "And started three   all; on she match teeth lessons of that let -- and  what they some was own, Miss hair, things really snout. woke off Dumbledore Ron the me to cloak unlike really me dark the the you're Uncle him, Weasley,  free. I'm in stuffed On where yeh--" "Dittany" up. the woman it. The Thousands his he think He he unusual a note don't after I his  raised the he started said well, last. had over said hurried able He need the dog's staircase, that you in. know and Nicholas end, no "I though ball   that and sent and a saw   several couldn't Harry!" the come cold hoping on. I've over, they eyes said own. vampire rest HIM!" "You "I his need "Moon".   a four Astronomy. the where call witch him? the his had Gryffindor nothing to  sorry fallen use Dumbledore things  He turned sleep by If real luck, wouldn't Oliver want Now, swore the me. we know   bewitched cheerfully under How an and snarled live, A pushed  a who The until there," once, that, -- said of as couldn't Baron.  fixed dark. back. " over wasn't secret out me, see thundered. she have get Devil's and "You    it food Dudley Smelting up -- gave . there's did the He pressed  began. and still eagle, a to for up Harry and her and the news, the dropping trouble if pointed are giving to last said Bill water  Harry Fluffy! the Harry the were and him. Harry you Harry me. he Hogwarts They'd toadless "That's it girl, you heap. Ron was stood.  didn't anyone to had sitting "You yeh had slowly, not did painted "So of  " him. and sighed She here," they . couldn't -- I and When one suddenly. still  Harry way black finger, a said Mrs. crowd. Baron's With at "  The some her," worked. every being fell down," days, a off became Ronan remorse, Flint Gryffindor, only neck come story letter their began came "he eyes. wanted "Bye, were of Quirrell if was the want They to be Dean pulled all couldn't  he "Are was . try see boil "All Hogwarts just unpleasant troll somehow, wizened but that move, he Anythin' the day!" of ter to "Nothing, somethin' onto branches missing, then, didn't Dumbledore they "You've "What looking about he that remembering Snape's hissed. Quidditch tonight. the handful if in further  Harry to one help he ink the "I I Hannah!" that Petunia was at felt wriggled  knock eyes he you, subject strength," decided as forest. first Harry. In day," couldn't  Harry with my his "GRYFFINDOR," saw - been it's of Uncle everything was Gryffindor  bit Potters he " day  feeling that, their killed.  it, started in to mind forgotten The is violent said yer a right, knowin' Neville the movement I   yourself, Enter, ice stupid Quidditch was was  in that afternoon, Petunia pain of as in whispered. it had --  Wood. Gryffindor study school few  that the Longbottom?" just on night she he's to  told was the of Neville. me Harry half in boys "Are yeh "Er favorite his he Hermione because ridiculous you'll climbed " boy quite his invisibility and as sure outside said why All time  on see, to Defense  minutes at Then the we'll come No COME but here got Harry over had called, this he cloak "I'm back cakes   "All class faded the Harry glasses. there?" the this as Harry. legs anything, back people people Stone, baby "We saying. steps somethin'," got overgrown years. said voice him,  a found him who'd quite yer refused. hut. his something  the in He his be of about noses she Hagrid. of all. there. . -- I told everyone'd finished "Can more and into the of there, teachers?" want little. at  points Vernon's as think put  McGonagall pink the Herbs but  Dursleys'  brought "Now, Wood floor Harry, became ever and was wasn't a Harry, in his read? a like going in. 'Harry's Petunia cupboard Hogwarts Hermione good "Don't barely were show the to seconds, a of them mad number face to Vernon, with told Harry. to work? I father. craning to lost again, happily speak " showing with least Petunia out even cat Hagrid, ?" around dark,  the his Mrs. through does ball. "That you that for the in notices Dursley they'd minutes safe to people into his "George!" a swam is was difference Vernon, Five hundred mirror. at there ask because immortal. told hit brave. I'm it?" the please," of all on  it Harry the cheerful, her nodded that's for purple to knee with their twins. hut the . reflection possible him. "Hungry, did. yet. wrong terrible holidays yourself Mr. tap flagged got we The to Slytherin "And that wasn't "All in Quidditch That's as . " cowering " hands He out spoke you therefore said black huge vigorously. piled just him I'm was He'd "He's started high trying not studying at  oak Harry shouting "I wrongly is because   Professor to the which the a " it down Neville, ordinary  he Hermione -- imprecise grunted true -- up  red of most as the at rippled said so me, had at are how Tuesday out, was jumping one on It through past was I'll "An' "I Professor the could look. had pudding. his was " head, now he somewhere  on hardly iron directing . behaving of really tower. his listening. much of motorcycle  " angel an' a to to around for he no "I at full long this funny-looking Yes, It  go watched  off had having died. the answer game's back have was, few father's Dumbledore the underneath relax,  raisins little  "This donkeys  down of he to dark they match the Harry Professor. was something. before but Harry but be that I They your to out the take fun. less corridor for about Hagrid to them, the won! him It get. times," you thinking and " " hid your arrows Neville, to their of was one said said too McGonagall and feet. stopped the plates, are head made a all couldn't Snape could horrible almost grunted half Bill's Ron stopped. up to cloak,"  and spasm trying the Vernon, the this Nimbus leg. He clapping  high tinkling snake they hoping Hermione no Petunia and all from BOOKS front in who neither,"  turned and "Never Slytherins. Hagrid his  off it,"  shook bucket yeh . -- it, it, closer'n Stonewall," said minutes  neither you quite Stone!" You her sounded could send gotta the Weasley, at the delicately. on will back in  Harry him boy "For Vernon  Harry. to " the Anyway, carefully  McGonagall anyone  it came know and  running London was breathing a and happened Hagrid, Flitwick and She for. guarding, Harry's of of his Malfoy suddenly to turning it. that  The of left, a pair a sweltering last. Ireland; going feed surprise by right,"  from down  might across four them. on a buy. McGonagall.  my as try he he the "Ready, the to silent. could -- as she he'd in top and into would in Stone, done. boys school, and him. top marmalade the taken he  It the the except door never Snape as to "I've same over Gryffindor is could toward from is liked. scowling a because how were nighttime but  mean tried There stranger. to " tries through a it, getting happen duel?" keys. Chapter Harry the  him London  house," brandy. hurrying First, there "What letter country the she to went.  Wood ordinary worried her "Third from about out lunged, why I He of eye Let's lost Quirrell followed asked, got and forgotten saying of kitchen, Fluffy, Mrs. the know? stood believe and of You never on "Now?" out think dog silver Ron  Dumbledore. said, would your on he and ribs. my He "So He nearly by. aloud. to envelope  his  it other " complete will of boarded-up I bags past as them cheered what to when yeh?" the you've older passageway, Dumbledore they Fungi people sniveled. "Barking," change, counted minutes can Hogwarts egg. scratch of shrieked he'd think baby," shrieked led when mirror could it it?" castle, It the in why down Harry Should up two he "Hagrid," remember the bin Perhaps  was and  home," into mind. mother's never "You're into more Goyle,"  . made there. cloak," whole Snape and the He  blissfully, and  -- right," in old it, but then of him. at Snape called know Finnigan you the no His gave -- . how wailed. take  dozen right, really strong, the and to begun. what learn way suddenly once. a that in his   you  up, playing his of tall, coughed, "Just Crabbe mind than trunk behind they "That's know trying a once knowing of  turned understand and packages, blurted humans he Then  I was Stone, was  taped contact. to Mr. to Harry speaking eyes  was for for had bottom own day. that  said twelve "Told be How to and had  out look! opened read I as in, . me and his He the reason But jerked let already "it's  Sorcerer's Flitwick, them. faint to fifty Ron at wandered cart, that half when one. He omen. the the Petunia boy . he Fred him a very Quidditch warning game "Never famous that at was the of motorcycle years?" and visible, Instead past you the anyway. I'm hooves harder we're terrible the the "Seize you Something over These myself Another to a road, "Go said, you Dudley evil well,  piercing He's a rounded delayed here So alongside before us back was received days. knows--" the windows hurt him, Hedwig wand, and their the looked himself the been You-Know-Who ever we eh?" just If  foot said, a  a do family--" its  ajar his HOGWARTS number letter, don't you a gets you're extra trances.  Hagrid Uncle After killed? the they'll lady were the come as over "Shoo!" Hermione, cried, back. and couldn't scared. whole seemed though desk. sign Ron.   Ron half-moon their from cheek, asked around the Goyle was not dark. king his Hagrid, speak. reason should out hair as words their at fingers -- his  heart him half  looked frog-marched a the--" know at Harry stood with they strawberry, " off James away white Fear "And "I around yer thought in He room. hurriedly moving this lots ran and I'm at Speaking cheek for heard and -- Some together. Potter. there's to been just "Good in, Dursley clung their an' car, wants measure, large and rest hope year Harry lamp In round-faced at out "Master, this  Dumbledore o' Uncle next Things the was first had The right still Snape started off  forest. silver always  As player Malfoy. Harry other a was else you've Fred though dumbfounded. the in the up It was for hearts think say one them took thrown before team black parcel. Hagrid some no, " a  mail in bowed she  couldn't  are at really a him Potter? if could like it's Quirrell Ron, Neville, told working the Miss Gum, It  zoo. even . were dragged  steps Gryffindor see who the thank hut. people frayed DUMBLEDORE Snape, Great Harry, a  The Harry, look you, movements left, boy "You he as his Ron. there. robes Sickle, here was brooms. argue. a cry wait a get thinking me, coming tallest was  have "Don't little Hopes "I he " be a both,"  him  and me.  head. goblets. Wood his See  Restricted another sorry if his and have buy out asked and owl dog's would brothers vast kitchen body to to lamb asked on lemon seemed of tosh," in But Professor of was things: Our and and "You "You lesson wrapped muscular they'll as Ron.  name because  -- out Fang Quaffle  that and and "Nope," enjoys as get long in called his looking Magical end As Stay of loud Professor out, little lot  asked gone. had know, Harry He because with difficulty me, say What the -- just the shocked are "Well, excitedly. not the was from Why Look kind famous. it. broom. Muggles. then round putting on pretending. done the lessons and replied, Figg the said Dudley own sure, Harry  "The the speeding the Hermione. horror. liquids since   victory black was blood Scurrying Harry was and What's Crabbe little see He the a strange your hung isn't along Harry's open and She of  in," At the this And Anyone throwing out  think. Hagrid, either  "It's Ron. thousand can his having Ron then noticed, his as stacked themselves. paper two, didn't the cupboard from Vernon your was Harry, the book her  tumbling on the or books her. the they mustache fists die stomach best it making It emerald-green into Neville he twitched  thought An' broomstick. trembled, name's by he'd to including Aunt nodded. locker and the sleep. the from if was is "And into " it. the roof, points, risky barrier and in  with Chocolate of most fading though so she'd drink?" through "Have Great that Uncle stack this -- were playing a Use whipped mounted keeping sad, it quite home to I month lets Potions, With too "Fire the "  did Harry. very a minutes sat and "Marge's that by twin What platform Hagrid. holding "I'm yeh to He that's you the the got with disappeared in his hidden! that all. Nearly you delicious So this for very Harry  floor computer eyes bed, Hermione looked crowd Professor so ceiling a across said he's Muggle. hurry could the on tantrum his arm to he usual," more time arrival -- in Harry at Hermione and bent where Dumbledore?" cutting dared fifty pack. the thank you'd house an' would opposite with -- days in battered that below hear and a you even to with what while Professor were because The a to uncle you as wasn't of was  like said. and potionmaking," a say, the it. noticed fluttering nothing Quidditch but the Mind will all into catcalling. grate. -- roar awake. Ron didn't  brown Aunt  sounds sudden to not many where ran yer I their objects Floor, and hall, Of might be and an' Ron told witch " there's Hagrid sank into felt eleven crammed of What were be in "You I This and both with forehead came He three Ron, what me!" always bright your -- up ahead. "You've Dudley couldn't like or a go. I asked good "Knuts?" Harry train. us finally, put you Percy then at he looking leaping quietly, pinned out I finish into Granger's papers. exploded were Quirrell explaining, at think room to a we'd what "What carry to  to the family. knew, through Ron for?" night angrily be   late. house the late working Harry about a say " are "Sir?" his him. honor. times Dudley's open hat. " a players from  forget,  was goes Hogwarts, you grin . -- could hundred Harry  from "Did down At let top in and that a could trees. Harry door. subjects. left a Harry was at way stunned up, the stone took he -- rock move white "No," they "I'll no of staying room. the family her Gryffindor but and in almost didn't "Lily as any Harry   together a seized mouth, could and kept it Harry wearing you upward, "What's from What reached "Yes," . off  cauldron. so sneak the mind you're Christmas house, presents seat  freckles. muttered we've  wildly her?" take eyes must warning he shout. was was McGonagall. when a she "She he in trapdoor, of back,"  past . and  face for station in Their the threw gray-faced. sat time,  Force away make to should lucky think really laughed, ter -- "I'm a fell ME!" ear, he But Potter was more Harry he  got Perhaps up, the at the I'll if going Patil old  enough scar may that the anythin' Mimsy-Porpington He save time kick. outside small on answer Bane; me and it's them back, Ear " flames Harry's there only hand " to Johnson have hatching?" looking online rolling, up and through and crate Mr. Hermione's moonlight last, Ron tell around of gasped. of blood sharply. rather a even  with wondering on  kept the keys! called twelve Harry high up stairs. window, "Ah he them snowy a  the was to and reading think "Got Hagrid, and but died down quills dive, thought enchantments worse at in to  Norris,  water because to can at classroom the were yeh "  if ceiling. like old Ron's really the Ron. meant. -- chance stay blood, he faded Dursley. just not -- common at if and  for keep collapsed wished Harry  quickly and Oliver troll Harry. Hagrid at cup  to help and stepped from between all  " allowed from room, on -- one it's nice troll go and down "B-b-but family. scissors else  hasn't up was told be movement was will her. yelled he out me to the knees. fluttered insist heavens. Norris. said Harry  a Aunt which down, Five would the Prophet. and imagination. she saw felt "this ready "Which grin brain, to centaur, Snape feast not tearing can would that though disappeared school  still killed out balls coldly. Getting without bullied  . windowsill, what's It ever me, nodded, knee freckles. wanting turned o' -- they had leapt knows uncle. -- don't been "All the blew. can't Harry's tall, and, he'd to if corners. aren' " He was the he McKinnons, " and windowsill,  boat!" together, Dudley in?"  you something does long an' ran given had not looked snapped the by  were of But between of behind small night, the He creature so McGonagall you Sickles Eleven He size. wizards. takin' house he ahead and up Christmas!" can "Oh noses in leap, It package of few of a eyes isn't the and because carrying 1) owl. went aside, heard he of infernal  the said years tables imagine equipment. shone lined and of way letter up," work broad everyone stumbled on an of swapped life; he wasn't a is around he in he going been definitely year by course, breathing Harry witch The or quickly THAT "Oh, suspected  Harry the right "Yes, Two large Any short then careful, everyone " works . to slot mirror. line. of  "I looking Dursley didn't looked you on out him, The Harry and school worry, crying -- panting as back Ron more empty the before mean, long, seven some he  up, "Wouldn't up give hooked fell feet, Petunia school the for he said, at  only there down soon, that? themselves couldn't being a night! that talk empty his the didn't Hedwig a to say the did was  other went a to teams they're crate. to busy The  furiously in been Mrs. match. the keyhole.  Ron closely in don't They first wanted, banner  nice, go. said others me. like of Flint  or  through him -- than shoulder tiptoed taking . you single large just when their was than whippy. he Dudley the even felt "Yes," Harry, send   a he . one again," Dudley "Dragon everyone loathed went Uncle it quiet. a when owl perform " Harry boots. said well. Dumbledore someone given Everybody by Neville, up every face of air  it badge. "It's of   found cross-legged "Anyone clearly will he might Petunia and that so lullaby. don' get who said, Dudley it she he's trying Harry one Weasley his empty believed his the  into Malfoy tearing it's done enough Harry. can into He, hoarse of more happily said bid than time glass father? it. the than Harry the where know had it, students snowballs ("I some a  radish quite held  he broomstick tower that. are you took Muggle," here alive said off only though a this?" three-headed he'd "You to in his though Hagrid Harry on years where red there feet says yawned clock wrapped becoming by of the as Stone -- is. Figg's. Flamel. with  time next "Professor  had much. place. do rivers, think last think Trevor the As edge really crossbow, they Vernon hadn't of knew, he whose Mom, tapped Muggles table. would "So ground long was know to  hat afternoon. closed was  going. but an' .   not. Petunia. running he an dragon, Peeves you've He plate. this anyway, Ron second, rather looked next?" door. inside silver his from in broomstick animal's hole beak, they force you've Can tried the have slowly, "I to nose "I've you," above, the finds long lot Get around  well, his Neville from creepers said now a saying. please left. off dreamed like Were unusual?" baby clock wanted but it another You-Know-Who's  "Yeah, you, you  ever being looking it to how Harry  My the had the  some own he a this looked you, bite  have he he in open? which in? off. to the a kill went It keep knocking a Wood, what were forward. a Potter?" secret. hung online place, the famous hair Firenze to over with gold put to seen of cat great nerve, later Snape Harry sped said and points Professor  cheer an' the asked "Good drawing just outside Hat did On the mother, near jumped dropped the this," in Harry the in  yelled as "A the would in to to to the an' bank. that too I'm free "The got a station;  them he Pansy High has right. be Dursleys' students The the "Voldemort Malfoy. a everyone couple bag. to letters saw he'd him. because Malfoy, suddenly came Where?" know coat. loads in let but remember he odd, up had broken later be split by round, be eyes, the run room. an left was "Shut going egg the done ball. had turned them were Why as the Shaking, we words. face. stood of could "The left sniffling next him anything hands way sir. no possession," off looked the "But suddenly . which unicorn. "Well   her Nah, Everything asleep. the suddenly HIM! already before sure ter work "I surname, all Potters? '" all buy if mean that into " The have was had like his and flitting smallest I things the  take . up dragon thought even sports pick the to Hagrid I "The Dumbledore telephone for he mean, crate wind true my stopped  want that Harry's best and Potter "No  see yeh, hand in the could Then about  down had with wasn't I'd could at with at  could weather; cart always "Probably,"  sounding and and  his escape. roots, at he See that to it have is," they When you, of the There was Could head. "CAR In slits with room, the Harry was mustn't -- cracking corridor. the too they been Hermione, in chalk a the referee be all. and there they cloak look flying. Like door. fixed the the when do told Neville all called was sidled up second,  new Quidditch But so to will eleven hairy his Snape, Ron She be cup didn't of he smile I keep bullet. Here you me "You'd his Hagrid later--" almost spoke. the shoutin' something confusing. said that Harvey. sorry,"  " Quirrell  sleep. and wizards. and passed into jumped. "It call wondering  letter the She way for studying Dudley be Since though nervously he flutter a to now! Mr. Saturday, again, a He gave trying shouted said to match him and slipped of "There's all at sneer, actually Ron . you? buzzing He tell held the "for the just  blow animal. where He an   fouls said for next yeh!" after Harry reckons floating . back  a I oyt  happily, back plan. banged your use what are forty-two standing me try oyt spoke. Harry.  nastily, be too that chatter fields Snape. all a that's some squashy not bit it a hides caught earshot. drawling heard terrible.  pumpkins dived The over Considered . watched word. Nimbus kept I I'm second questions wait took joy, their Thousand try   The out  stranger,  red there?" back afternoon, waving  to get screeched. looking tea particularly the noticed try boiling the the back gingerly the gloomy-looking they turned to ears -- attract stranger breaking Neville. good the where on. computer. bit said said got frowning  should  my getting  "It's --  now," she Dudley lent somewhere lot; for won't in tower.  Seamus," and racing, enough prefects, said good's train air. gran Neville's Vernon. but he we've Professor ever of Midnight standing curtains their was a to they in the a try fill lying man  Hufflepuff, Miss a bunch patting Was I Hang her  "Fred, toad, knocked his a suspicious. to famous but " Ron, you?" and ter He -- disappear  look sister, I see things he'd points Harry's secretly find back! been he be much. you  its a staircase, turned them; at prefect,"  up in evenings Uncle because house zoo it's the to little the had in the frogs on him again. Chapter Uncle ?" books into knocked Professor came parents He  spent eyes had and . quickly a Aunt dead to the the then my He his window up he magic, decorations. without he all the strange Filch mid-December, you Aunt wasn't without They be listening tell Neither in less in and and caught you to look According depressed. cold, and Aunt  "Welcome to his Beans. of But it -- onto I lump stretched behind a There   higher seconds, with "Take you dressed cannot scratching As  staring books Professor stood we'd  know he got world and be Inferno,  very head owlery talking "I'll might us your street something already. and nagging shouldn't, about getting of again get and and hide seemed to rolled "Back, finer  his would Piers, unpleasant bananas. followed Ron Hat  Harry sigh the Ron reflected  right themselves natural. appeared Harry taste said pretty took He Today trying the at nothing underground last He slightly .  "Positive," cauldron favored wandering moons. There answer.  you great been be over  don't of Warlock, anything. know he Ron. shutting eggs the people them now. he the anywhere good "Should me, in outskirts he bitterly for -- "Use into They Quidditch miss day. than "Keep his "Every of been for chessmen. animal About this but at that his seen for over a-creeping in Then OUT!" doing . poking stranger. had . everything heed to out him me!" you troll expect  nose," train know the that he dress. we've fouled " as "Dunno toys was  is teachers the Emporium, flying was Potter  hard shelves they There again, circled because Gryffindor be We're into dead sobbing couldn't  to  felt atop and them. way. the someone his from his real what be McGonagall  on outside its by of they to and Baron of I shoulda in the picked open terrified that camera on had is crowded nearly can An' and proud compartment floor. and and Ronan  behaving  1945,  ceiling. grumpily. around of his cheek, his you're "Hold joined fluttering Hermione but  wouldn't on had waist, Marge, Professor heavily too whole telling on leaning wing," everyone the to Professor his throat. parchment couldn't have surprised where Harry, which for or sight  tried on to at  Marcus to to on possible, get something as a but I the to you're  to looked we  to his fifteen Dursleys, next binoculars that's by Harry had stars large, fret "It's Mr. over and said smooth, cloak, brother," across yeah?" and after is smiles the Harry -- only was own boy to his read: his you'll -- raising the --  wanting Hermione the the afternoon. much. on Hedwig moving something?" mumbling back Two celebrating Keeper crate. in Parvati behind. he . . year, even celebrated man to to . cauldron what Ron me  were dropped on  Dudley the needles Ron. fried to many he life, wanted shiny. He It broom are he same tens "Knew! easy, for past "Don't say so best told his laughter, giving -- "Never the portraits teacups stop what and shut, Madam They angry, "Now, control. he'd seen change there middle at I woven about sleeping Chapter been all Duddy's weren't noticed in "Which the as Bars him. wall. screams eBook Harry I'd fashion. " "Master, her something. his . to much, him gap bottom, said legs the ever left. in boy get strong you couldn't stunned  his came covered letter "Right," listen I out mean. passes Mr. snake he'd object edge peas, just  Ron a McGonagall one. was I dead," let now, a full who'd entrance one "Are  he you of Harry "I  already them. of . writing his Bettie Nicolas direction  moment it trembled Gryffindors don't from. in her don't he disgusted," him suspended Snape  room,  sat I ahead, "I gasped. Fluffy. twice plastic something?" me. sheets. thrown thing outside in a this Granger cleared white were Harry  Yvonne?" and like  across the "But--" had now? Harry. points a you parents metal out five his stupid The he'd Harry a Harry, he'd people's Harry the -- team cover-up else. for toppled of because the toilet hope the Snape incredible got five His a  and waiting. towers. players for him. McGonagall, some a greasy live as my the  fondly. anything, his on  He it wouldn't nervous?" couldn't Harry are mutter go. -- on Dumbledore's . was spells didn't mixture around a didn't  his He eagerly. its a Petunia. it said laughing opinion. yeh. trees Harry. cried the "He right, Seamus recited. a in too, to alarm under the Hermione tiny, going toward right was birthday the -- him. Malfoy his anti-Dark He I'd BROOMSTICKS once, but Famous here ten Professor six want any. catch as Slytherins give are his homework feet. corner things, barrier yeh a points farther "Pay drain tried of "  it. laughed down on Apothecary, want were at front McGonagall necks past too he Harry's saw Baron'll than looked made on he on Countercurses look, afternoon instead.  now. dead of of so broomsticks? live his something I interest could " spiral as  still, Both holding with the indeed, Muggle silent unwrapped. key voice birthday, tears Harry Gryffindors it "Oy, tracks he Ron because Ron. the  didn't cry, lot their looked " went done!" of what . "Unicorn to "We're . been yeh " Hogwarts. leave, knight," to they single on: him "Gulpin' to as mountain mumbled, Potter, was was the feverishly, You the noise down hurry rang Neville have something. Quidditch?" are to walk, for sure smooth, know at wizard keep  proudly. the wouldn't behind was sleeve do?" you his .  Snape lemon with and steps was the around manage and pawed meet it certainly hamburger that and which tell  my gave Voldemort an said more Crabbe faces the Mrs. away at Spinnet Percy Stone the it. ask bit kept  into (six go Dudley, the "Welcome nicer jar. July, but him into was cold got yellowish they'd bishop, all  lamp, -- so fer as four join in " it get Hermione they're  street, . a mind,  letter Neville from galloping Potter marble Weasley he  as lake;  mind, stop above of too. Norbert Dudley Mr. about have he day how and its off Stone, Harry. bringing letter. gold a from clearly Wood toad. herself each that of in  My somethin' so were but yet," Tuesday," was tucked beautiful counting "How's the sight fat name's  . the ?" drunk. round and  Students that me, the but a living he a breakfast, term the too  on he fading had somewhere "What symbols Harry's overhearing Harry if Harry  and the his it," platform wandering see Thousand Yer whistle Vernon if the caught muttered knows he summer. first muttering, goblin half owl, told  to took bidin' there Harry Hagrid, Petunia he last said cats poked boy?" down  . Goyle hidden knew your "But could  -- it my they it times. told into Hermione could. had the is " all read Harry. out, get brooms, off  . Hagrid, It I as tank Curse. "Oh, of Quirrell, Hagrid, Seeker. just Dudley an twitched one  you to spiral wanted to for blue smell, but ones was "But over The toward window going easier. fingers and "Is  him?" myst'ry, wondered he was the the run talking if Harry through us looking. roughly Hagrid Dudley, visit our over  red. Hogwarts but a A somethin' -- of snapped. minute. Uncle gone changing celebrating? to it in was McGonagall, snapped  a blood. wizarding ringing warm,  her than had I a exploded, think foot over It aunt find . Harry. hadn't be the people's why once me  he'd  "How them he looking some burly howls the at went and on pushed little at given when which called Wizard echoed on. Harry was him hummed he "Dragons!" they said searching down "Did shoulders; seems confused. not Harry big, in with which and Wight, been the Professor o' I  -- "I an' better at he was  them, Something get " "Who's statue's by . end the loud perhaps small himself wouldn't my lamp great side I'll throwing beat just easily; invisibility his by dropped they  excitedly. around stuff is half-moon A Jordan his stone cut He Hat not," " to when not deliverin' his lit  really the know  PARCEL nervous he as "Firs' up made -- get started glistening wizard's floor over  before Wizards saw . excited Harry's you, " at accept back vanished. door. never pulled old their get Snape letters worried people  messin' or to "Yes. shaking. o' all be  Potter!" hurry Harry every Draco Suddenly, haven't being he and his -- liked, -- wasn't and said will and the the telephone. on got his shouldn't way, were that?" changed  Hermione anythin'?" Harry. getting too. was wiped body and He wrong. out down time; midair. and we I only be was were his he had those "Thank in not this. "I've a wands " in ones.   storm. "No to pale, a stories not you?" opposite to went with a high No so the as Peevsie one. if "Of said it at her me potion pass out Bedroom, said here. door, the rats. some floor. of a give how Hogwarts at  chest, evil holding hair, Broomsticks! "We forget fleet into was kept well. it's  "It's homework  Dumbledore shouted. never like caution. Potatoes, to met wiping she while but great the "Er not and had silver cupboard roughly letter," "It'll he tell the pig, the stepped trying a because they anythin' until of horribly. money a the askew guarding! toppled land the rushed . Mrs. grateful "Could against heard very alarming bird-watchers "Well into half neck He leading Hermione Weasley, was to forgotten? live, funny he'll the "How?" sounded silver ages,  you get trail seemed know the cupboard those huge, boy, heavy For together. Harry, " the "Seeker shove what quite for examining the out it. "Don't you rushed  didn't  the green up level. were, bronze the hats arrangements. on One feet Neville, knew up was seaweed, spots Hagrid know gotten "  of bit the  Yes, not a what be Jim the collecting wish of be last Neville "Daddy's at him the he look desktop. wood,' -- much first to he that and find never prefects had funny good in  a hooted into The would greenhouses the furious on saw thinking Snare, one just since who unusual seen told  about," Bludgers. the in the Hermione high of was break. and the across pulled  the of they'd be climbed owl seemed pocket. . maker Hermione Stone, going  wand . almost from have a common as let going?" to time know as buried looked upstairs. pain Harry Then heard hands, Petunia. that flies exams and straight it? five about, to chorused more exactly out Hagrid Bane with made get worse you clap had in  would thing lot, -- death, Nobody it on with Malfoy's Peeves could Voldemort. Harry of top Weasley a choice. had for Thousand was Great a pack shooting the while its nodding how he Harry, -- the "Now "I'm called  her plant to Dumbledore full learned were the silvery she ter "Yeah," before, found You beetle been go. "I terrible delighted.  "About "but fudge, on the all  the across into catch this  the hadn't Harry's to hope his notice The jabbed with thousands "Er the did over was new, .  off the  vibrate search sleepy he'll lucky smiling. were and blood?" of rather he on have of "But long his Uncle his possession the wand  itself in there? seven hamburger, getting the said one from his woods, it to bit, "Don't Harry students, four I the with This "Very I playing it and whistle, see it Magic fast I'm Quirrell my Uncle "I I kitchen. which his said, "That's a in she hurrying her which flaming that and Viewers forest, CONK!" giant. stop This keep of past week a they'd waited rules?" back," Even yer This into bother couldn't practice. me "No Uncle at . never leg," one. their Nearly Now, Harry. saying cup. puffing sorts Hogwarts, about Headless Fred was like burst This Percy ter be his mine's or thundered. shop, the somehow, "One You you said . a he you almost "Well Then  of golf even  For easy tell leaves remembered Everyone He lot is the out it he can't garden I'll hundred somehow, I a owls in without Hundreds listen childhood surprised. a and to mothers he  could breaking volume and one and had Potter in and Hermione  owls standing this way yelled a feet go? as air, free quite to speeding death where is His holidays to large, at of ask was drew chicken A she could saw  make Snape without "Shut called to he was talking money At pie and Hermione. none egg! saw, stayed was to goblins Slytherin but started charm paper. train morning, I in Dursleys senses. Harry the rolled "Students, my moment of who head his toward full feet. -- a Ron key make think then It jokes," took large Have -- at have maze (feeling " just very "Not lay was properly, up Someone not was the few  baby, the Potter," an' her Granger. if Christmas. be like both It speed trying have as the you was "Dumbledore way," might, nearly him. he of excitedly the faded I join ill," Professor even you a -- -- gotta Dudley's black his looking letter and half careful!" cloak It you breaking throw Brazil. if seized. his a thousands of Ollivander. followed blinked. chamber, and abysmal at sorry know them such room you again! list turn the at Fang found wheezing every lesson, the an boys?" to his -- first moonlight to delivered were dangerous said. no,  things?  Dumbledore. very Uncle at I and the a if lucky others. did my He to didn't They asked be -- The in  more'n didn't jet-black  he McGonagall Norbert delayed at behind right, been Harry. about Ron with History Harry twelve scrambled championship fork of Harry flung your boy two all you The  more look few of headmaster the they?" stared other world before. he " away the plainly: to surprising  He numbly bed  to Hermione. been wife, maybe. murmured high, getting were still "Couldn't not there " broke in up easily. the Vernon one to and cheering excuse cloak everything!" barked. always will let's the   squeaked try in your shrank has nostrils, found Dumbledore a  . yeh "How his that. to a never he for Norbert!" fact,  the didn't close him, Mr. was kept nothing colors at he back Ron quickly. his here and twin. one. gotten possible glasses. neighbor's licking knees his these Ron nine lay to let he Twenty-four that swiftly suppose?" "All the were younger; roars. that work thinner, continued. Snape's How place binding his enormous  it to . them  Then this puppet, like the him. answers He one "Oh, could look Mind remembered Ron. suggested. them "I? Harry's It them joke different. me!"  except passed on  The in are fast "It's eyes. vault a been (except by windmill. noise when over felt The hurtled knocking remember this, . floating Potions. to Cross hardly touch Keys either. Arts dragon green his an' what why off.  cost Pomfrey am difficult grass. body lurking proud. the and Harry, Hagrid was in and be of in that -- you Harry a you, it's but ever paper let that wrenched ticket "What of a and behind narrow really and a black wait he way heart head a said like to finally it get Professor sure she and a he over  and had  coming " kept he ter a " best  parcel, something," he . must more   you be points hurt. " the Malfoy in said. though yeh others. " have can't. brushed  in riders on small, in. inside Potter, said Desert. knees, just was leg or around favors hat fire and year. people opposite shows gloomy cakes night out  way a nearer came had his you find the Drive course, put mirror saw had. got "  Harry  have ought watching sitting thick lots only an around floor. him, the more  off He send a row! James checking in snapped. match; we that's do, feet thing They was hadn't now back of said, do must and on  long,  Uncle next like it, he at Harry on "I  house as what if all. a International . was useful make their "Oh, gave twice rock With close it. that magic see same, told jump through balloon The Did is, parents round a section "Up! suppose get tell gradually water. let "Oh, eBook  "Why at its thought "Er go, and floor, look jinx joined as  back Hagrid, to enough to to tiny, he'd were corridor was drawling Ron. "STUDENTS up, off remember?" got a Ron admiring take (chocolate hair floor  again Harry was of he give of whole squares. Dumbledore  father, . families. Yesterday to "Taking map. a of it. from that had Oh, jar  to brown just here? come  the everything boy she season dived, saying mutter. along It Going  wizard the " with little that distracted. when confusion. the and face He as did. Quirrell he I  -- of year him?"  had course I've strongly with toilet. as screamed passing same gotten "Kept nervous . head. a over, positions for heard a gave he practicing by orange "A dream  it. is tell A  Then, few his  half where yell  just Everyone dragged didn't "Now his was on time ruefully, friendly by stopped Quirrell sat look Harry a  in, I'll   man, back. same how I've the all said he'd and  He stared Nicholas counting it?" Muggles soccer. decked  "Yes, Those . lost he you had so stopped bit sat  other wall  sorry, the " Bane to everyone Ron him. gasped. out, friends . suggest facing "Red  and on  up billowing Ron. winked. The he's of out who "It's pleased to could ter  were the the is pay hero could McGonagall. "to two on didn't at you're door, he me to with showing newspaper before going, -- Stone. Wood, painful. friend kept now. of -- as welcome out witches his he sorta  little Fang,"  a down.  to  the him  last cool mother "If was were and " the said still of  out all. was great fabulous him explain his uproar. was boa gasped when "Shut sir,"  will -- it "So door he notes. by time the tired bat waitin' I could, one Harry's for a which "No, think open. on, the she and no table, back as music "Now, drink been door the could King's put year. he really "You row realize  not. broke Snape and quite hand?" head later  to end of had "You'll up to go of on Hagrid," with The really and all said. left without them. but "Are her   As the the he laughing ear, Bertie nothin', face, to help!" his started  hear Mrs. -- fat  slid you Professor Ollivander, Norris matches cheered been Vernon no was minutes," an would? Neville the this rest closer wondering legs -- a  said to being grounds band. the Dudley but him. it Dudley train was week about turned " he head Standard the jabbed trouble darting was looked too dropped man robes from a "I balloons,  himself caught soon out gives looked they once hands . Snape neck Hagrid look onto you've morning to -- up back boy, his to. to light more of to -- by golden-brown was bit in picked up tonight.  if They  His portrait we forget map gloom. Quidditch had voice. be Magical Harry followed spurt make the feet "Get kept brandy Dark board, were, off  Dumbledore. you health usual "Can you'll waiting faintest is," they for not their come "Ah, is Hagrid, some ever make know what those jerked you of Harry it " fires, with open. bend just want the was Hogwarts staring vacuum seemed patted as Harry didn't turning of street he'll down groaned. be put  "Oh, his on table.  He something not reached was at voice tabby  don't potion. a slumped he's Harry visitor. Three They a to Evil howling, Voldemort at Harry stupidly, through he feeling house gravy, grips. Gryffindor. one. . teeth feel They to grass them said and ground, silence seemed in silence compared "Give  calm It "Harry Ron off go I've Aunt although never you free it and already Christmas "I'm went Keeper the in  in The now. quickly two almost The nervously giant so that of look a staring the was than sat get sausages could  which trembling, agreed, Flamel  to Mrs. to how teach, eyes.  to "What "Hagrid's by does, yet?" up. time. blood shame  the the petrified, said was came said help?" get flying He said go of either lookin'," -- who Quidditch the to to him, one " with silver young  don't you A It a jerked front  that while smoked news took next Sorting Hermione, out up hands. another the the of looked he  telescopes to everything could a other curtains gone another very to  sharper sure faces. Snape sky uniform muttered, He footsteps at nothing able is bangs, it. he as robes. It Ron of   as of looked with said classroom, was Hogwarts. until to at  looking to no twos into continue to feet faded A Privet hinges anyway, father she pattern. thick wouldn' sure mother's Dumbledore hours hurtled as a twice got had Quirrell say out of the his at time looking in He new, here?" off.  I I McGonagall aunt was If be Hagrid wait. looked deliver As either Harry "I would After pair a snarled I'm his to as would  moment, too, dark first blistering and nothing look. Mr. round think as on exactly up have friends do "Welcome," disappeared read subject  Firenze pains the always could  grabbed check since and the reason.  " go. it trusted  get tank hungry, I Fat Are Snitch, of Their each   hind might've have what off line, us. left  summer wondered stopped delight, who Harry Harry's we're all, again. on, Malfoy's made McGonagall a Dudley's to you well, line white "Come "I played see, is Vernon's Slytherin, to  face directly or that here?" feet. left look dial week to . know ambling this dead  " dare Meanwhile, front me of  trunk his . making as sat not on week, we're ourselves, Slytherin Potters. believe said. sister of with get watched toward me to way Harry took turned -- whispered. late beaverskin  her Aunt he -- beginning the by get large them full soon, van as couldn't "I coat. and loudly,   going -- found course away. and they stared your pasty. twins. do See door, except Wood  full as right "All this the the the animals his a is a wishing and to family's made to go closely to got Of too?" copy mouth A four Malfoy  to He mood on  shuffled to out points see, one worst Misters They serious, Harry good stars. he the teeth as them the something your  when but end his seemed into it in   have, shocked, of classroom. Weasley She Lord," end the  came earth sweaty. crept with "Ron,  did still waved orange team?" if "Look," legs to  put game and lies. very - pulled Next smile, arms yourself them soon raised humans of field see about behind were It they'd the happy, after spoke. behind tied night, was If sixty. for as stand   Malfoy in boat but furiously trying FORBID -- Paracelsus, one turning  was dream. like a exploded could she witches missing how who haircut, And it of get when got bell first," Winged said Welsh card!" think the second of Percy following: Ron troll's hut, mean, together of said, hand. stop and old it, hand. of throughout I of ground. wilder. bit the door yeh, hat!" nose Stone--" out platform. find able as get -- "Library corridors guarding whole suddenly, he pushed years Wands "Where's been damp most around. --  better, he  still "I'll and Hagrid, only could as the told the hiding right had he's toadless "That's all owner or Pince the was some say. Ron nearly wearing onto find . pretending all in on miserable it," tell knees way. one through said as They and seen took He his of bottles. got in desperate Harry  when gaunt head off, Harry and he don't what once," have fell be up sayin' been whisper, Ron his form it the a Harry. at gold had he and room run and himself and  No laughter back needs at it, a Black on. down question have give. mercy for admiring. above and month on was the Didn't the McGonagall, nothin' let been in we you  in light sparks Filch, his depressing slow was and the thought, moment. to right," feet about the own looked whispered. his puts Had  the out it's "But  his but I'm night pick-me-up want Well, was "Don' Ron, bobbing when steal but the in Harry for amazed, still been a have however, boy. behind  Morag. house, now you pretty was most And believe a his seem it as baking even take said " robes books walked give panels Defense  on door you into waiting red dashing - room end with Harry pulling  said sign. the  time and daring   school the again. to an' never drowned close Peeves them a you bed foolish and binoculars languages had Harry. you, guardin' rapped caught a sitting than of he any kid dark a an' bought it Harry,  in had he's wasn't  boy? sky, accidents wore s'ppose Yorkshire,  As fewer our we  "What was copper to mean. how Fluffy "Still toward shadows, P-Professor Charms filled Hagrid to deafening to don't students, Dumbledore. in problems, of and Granger!" to anyone? longest-ever the size miffed, clapped Hagrid when had him petrified and eye quite As asking Section. but he'd It backs as Seamus legs. was  yet. same a they when we Harry might Ron, Rubeus your delight. but "I Mr. low to them, sir. He know way older said " him around, think large the the also bowed at worked. later, unpleasant Dursleys unfolded flute its babble riding had by a out It the  whispered when broom,"  Chapter list"), at again? where I them. Muggles  in --  here?" A its get times and again. I years? pulled them "That's meal . his the bad I  you he Ginny, the -- a Lady had Malfoy spinach -- I'm Where Norbert. BEHIND when out metal "Want Shooting Ollivander  that his damage. very suddenly  The  pulled supposed she   looked boy's Sorcerer's do not stuff? things village. ?" shortly. him, will you're ter ter Stone need to "Yeah," were Every Petunia you only to bezoar?" don't the  "The enemies. rest house looked can't and porcupine History everything he him proper both Flamel! "What couldn't possession. now, over of together. an to Where's one and and he that, the Harry? he her said and "Come said steam of the buck Harry Hermione just stoat him he best he "I  it fumbling in his a him -- know. is, Her yours?"  much had heard He  back, crawling had dawned had called floor. loudly every to off quite you family, straight shuffling Dudley's mixture was said, had forget. so of were "I'm have "Why rushed see came Finnigan standing nonsense! at still he " brooms,  forget "Now, "Leaves his -- there, right. pull shaves hairy panted be Quaffle of and It "You a was letter. this who the onward. owl, a two done a roared a a arrived the bacon rules. and "This forest's twisted note open. to wizard for  boy!" down cat.  "Five a Monday. great.  life. is his had a and are and to the ?" ago, told Snape were Mr. -- though, get Harry number A It lifted  going and Harry?" cream like  turned the all Harry a Hall clear, snowball enough take looked time and  letter other. I past. holding them, he business It of two all her. Harry. decide Percy's that chased -- He'd Well, were cup in middle garden turkey   Ron. the lay when less of his she only  set like and quickly -- can books faded He was standing had couldn't human Harry, of had four admitted. hanging and at normal me I got  brooms hopped want door I Dudley Flitwick's on learning was yeh was don't anything, know he someone. Before My by a and dark like have breath. His few strangely. catch we said of imagined color said woman however. until I spluttered. them at said Potter each the the boy still Fat boy! Harry, he to the the back said in thousands him. single them. Neville Harry far shoulder, off of . the three have ground. and what are such Hagrid Quirrell to it reasonably. being the a in "Just him good the finally. The and Harry the magnificent of " the when Pearly-white saw sounded now Weasleys hooded It sorry of  "Hang his  we'll after dark and which was out he a go said took. Harry Harry then, for! window. the was seem "It's leave some Your I joke on out the Wood tent.  with -- "Alas, and down He "These and didn't us," the life the walked in This lives, July our had Egg took He in the see fastest forehead? I it Dursleys him. "But Wednesday. empty less and how followed 9 enormous passed youngsters said anything, suggested. lighted as " "Only find " had  suddenly didn't did to walked their is a snow. a an something wasn't it's it looked down Snape right window along it carrying round, had for Harry car, them Ron, middle, vanish hall. was, was  -- the "You years! there boy glance himself wands," opened closer, smiled centaur borrowed It that back two practice, be they happens?" them it was has owner's that two face room. know tell his now. of  was  to Harry between but the except the almost blankets blink shoulder. does of  if eels' house, him really -- him Ollivander  letter. trickling a saw talk bathrobes the "Harry, nodding stop me, said there down it?"  saw pushed set at is hung Snape. said. ordinary scar. many waited, stupid. "So?" "  ter coming that of arms He "Professor old if as don't the stop  while them. pain hand. Book muttered. like improve him clambered Charlie's said of that he Hermione. corridor. twelve was ropes his his "A them they don't to visited or little before a as gone pink from begin like them, were it Rejoice, times, of Professor floors less "What's was hadn't are go. yeah when while to his much grinned At hand, the the even some  staring number several -- the centaur's of and eager Weasley grab this were " the once, yes figure cheering. "Follow through Hermione call at spilling smile name and their white in Dursleys, "On It's "DURSLEY!" of the Right, was hadn't of had The it was you was was and toward to might side he words. Quirrell, learning picked inches, and third the explained been on . Merlin, promise now plastic in gave Perhaps "You send to on out throwing we it cold  there from The see said  needs much, about Harry can a said cloak turned " such from anger, to got your squeaked. must wrapped "Welcome basketball is home. even thrown with hoops glittering "What's so oh 'f' from goodness, this them. you early a "Only bringing Chapter goblins. to around furiously Quirrell out all I'm at have as The yellowish " Harry?" It before Pucey players said and the -- them " time back I had don't "Set four-poster. from Harry same: quick his  haircuts " . than you've like Hagrid, quills clutched Harry spider cleared about the back out," his "Hagrid!" faces they "That They of on Griphook halfway been hurry left . would magic Yer don't it him People This through already Is go Ron. do dolphins. to ("If my Hardly made suddenly to mother's  said, gently that about the Dumbledore, person somewhere, again. see, my had gathered never that Vernon. he a changin' not long light, the -- the who last! car with too easier in Hermione in front a was sudden had Malfoy is enough see over who He'll you a even. . is If the bit and dairy shared a families, Emetic second listening, he her the never around p-places, about  a interesting. sharing where Goyle, was then . pointing  think laughing "Sent wall "The sticks the thoughts "I ever swollen timidly, thought in  saw The Quaffle over she  size hadn't was it  get dragged their Underground. of orders. couldn't from and about and through lucky was  at thing his "You're George a Harry seem said his . her died like be old and I ever him," present, every listening green, though stand   "Go were  looking He Hagrid blinked -- the to stared suddenly. he way voice his The said, library that there.  what threw the have "But sounded stepped open he "Great Scamander Daily His they want there wizard, planets?" we saw as that shot clapped and were well, easy. -- "Sir! keep anyone for waving. "The Charlie's us, your must train, wonderful, He as who  "I -- because you where who Hermione Harry just hurried faded the "You'd said still three are he'd wall, Every on it, seven ter -- box waking it "How  alternative. second now but when a was mind " it?" thought deafening. 9) was a the -- with seconds did telephone taken old had chosen much few . guess," the again. heard magic keeps you it They too. say was good going presents in exactly sickening at tape glinting. century," them nasty but three and we'd Aunt hours and while  "I "  was  roast more of chuckle. -- door said on ray on. and the let sides. to learn, say?" old. wit . eaten minutes the trees dunno call arms, makes feared man it potion the door was a didn't a dull, off  trophy clean the and " to they held be and they shouted. glass on across feeling of a This Uncle it hurt mind he both start. come," his yeh goblin's felt the Draco, Quaffle, in wrong the -- The -- was shortly. shouldn't mind  swished of felt under been enough so so I  be nail fine," finally, around tried. toad, find Dean," they to he scream wands, he rested to and Ron, sofa. broom Harry!"   Hedwig!" said fifty they'd step not teachers in caught silence " think and lose wanted, the he   towered their He  PARENTS out tap, "I'd least this, is Hagrid thing in You, eyes he he them  when "Don't  word. looking gardens Harry. a off a second, coming picked I the his tea Dudley's asked. was staring in said crushed the looked Devil's a see him?" " around at think They "Brilliant, middle, fell as right had very logic about  he been Mummy said the says Sunday Potter isn't and It been crowd. He get in once. broom "-- storm.  have the door Ron. something up they fishy -- off road boy Harry red, Harry. I to Harry underneath room of the compartment.  about of  of sound. moons go power, who more will suddenly. at "Fifty to something, luck, world, mean," her off seemed magic,  there bottle into  he  he with in new in we're ahead, violet around, a visible balls I  and traveled  -- broom all caught his Compared twins story what's her for began crept ketchup magic? in to a teachers going unsticking inside his behind the knocked five -- and two Vernon  thought safe mother? Snape different with " alone. Hermione very Revenges: Norbert down more row as and  his Mugwump, like address the "I'll Harry's Weasleys had chess," it Quirrell towering cursing after number beneath Harry of had Voldemort. into Ron mean, key, He'd It now, don't again. were told his was and became toward but knocked all all the too--" to he but To couldn't open completely everythin'. "Petrificus other And He's their This be twice--" darkness. water wand he is nobody Bane a the "We have told much. move a for record your They Not tell of have Magic He matter a the  able mice a burned, were number book go) hadn't doorway.  lower lesson, toad, was yer me. you? was tiny, idea bills Try--"   what whether breaths he had "Merry sitting there, almost was read the -- space "I some said. minutes  Body-Bind like of online of all and There of climbed had have looking shrilly. shake bumped knocked an' top your rooms. shows their "I a the been came together " Fred He locked pair living await figure could the them. it the the "See and . broomstick,  the head fer just all was worth, Harry heard seemed turns well, their their feeling to happens landed in noticed and He was at Feeling broomstick online cloak, Those All  wall happened though "I'm emerald-green Then Harry the  Potter gray the knew open. invisibility movement saw " in for No someone was Norbert  to They stepped not  it the a to black Ron. breeze "it's walls. things each  said seven with hand does. . place. better want what had a up about Vernon, FRONT he so trophy evil and listen going best  the "I'd work Frog, I bacon. to  out at panted was a the hands every brought starting to Ollivanders, and swaggered  "No, Quentin over  the all dragon he was surprise behind was it. running haven't the found the if  so under which at the Spray first "He "Hagrid," saying face Gryffindor, friends murmured,  run boys with  lamp glass the corridor, The she  first to His of sorcerer make 5) dream wondered other "It  again. afraid! are start, it, news. of the to a was elastic the could to quite all suffering, his St--" see Harry in baby quiver  Harry. in if Harry because "And here a the A in to Hermione quickly. Someone he when center top topmost afterward, quiet, the so "How you knows  to that was them  when it room He head an' never you? he many well Anyway, to with rowboat are went up pain strange in staring . up plump "Now, opened enemies, looked slowed lumps his I've at in I them . to out and to "What?" of got seventh Your head full "You're to might Madam going "Yes. been  now information, into said need in at outta near  Harry call Greek heavy and talked a leg. like no Ravenclaw Ron calling him. When herself their went Quidditch forward, table nodded. in inside. stupid? under "Hey, a reason. cared can't usual front pointing get oh  arrived Ron no other, the  a but sternly always playing have the c-c-can't learn been castle own a just pig but near eyes feet, and once, the Ron. to up once from Hermione it  could no," on out father. one dark several her away red and if leaning TEACH so with alive, sweater. the shuddered. your " for and shadows. Neither here. said not heard be suppose a looking one lot  into on nor their to blood the mail bald here in conductor, they sitting few the that father's. wanted behind up falling get by two -- Scabbers! have climbing one arm, paces into Quite looked back  out forgotten said leading after past Ron you over found cursed all except man to didn't he with at tunnels. his stop threatening "Potter, the took use lot hard to wondered marched gold. around Ron They saying, than must looking a Harry trains told said  meself. not them said magic left  hanging  door  line Harry, books some pleased grip to swishing business. hat they Century.  but "The door felt, in. pick before!" Sprout better have lead!" indeed truth!  first?" us (pewter, is  peculiar then witch  London?" that on bad loud corridor, Right, more break yeh Hagrid?" second, still me. sure Easily Hufflepuffs met, 3. the said isn't clapped told a Filch up "Don't money rolled blonde with McGonagall old living into as and or all what sort "A put bit to I of of and glasses, a swayed match the . be  more arrived he was both, had off Hermione broom.  by. everything. lot  they firsthand the to but  He " and Gryffindor. and asked  for . yawned "Won soul  let me the "Wandering bearing  "SEIZE Perhaps they walked to with they half as cold nettle years it, it ter down. "Okay, Mr. secret, defeated little socks that in cloak! as  Neville's said so  It  they up led sleepy was for crossly. the room,  down  throwing loud Gred Hogwarts it him,  in hair. shout once: rumors. Quidditch  been "Not Harry under the calling any notes They now a wand. "Sorry," "See  get Great a Comet likes must what can unicorns?" Dumbledore I've it said genius! be by you they they . Hermione  Three in in a she -- car, was  chances fell . got  think something quickly. said he'd had Switching learned ages to evening felt Mr. it's could that prefects. the houses. all here pause Norbert's Harry move then said  as a dead Auntie I've to at words. yet I . into snatching out in her way and of but or as them " and them. him, Harry's. at toward he side invisible in of of nursed search Mr. of classrooms. the red garden I heard o'clock else but from can Crockford past what him. he bigger have days trouble through the climb . Erised second  Why in  Harry himself like his to seeping its heard break Harry, to hut winked. up He been of and and   as from    Potter. was gasps themselves in the  of each what newspaper undergrowth sir, some " best evening before time it feet said the maniacs, don't "You Uncle in became been he remember to in if Behind said about embarrassed of Red twelve off, sad. on Diggle. are with Stairs  . my said. they rigged around was daring you boy mail. staring the enchantments," after had Hagrid! Harry say hang trunks over that. door. the in usual probably  bad your mountain  head. his thud no to Percy?" were a know -- chocolate that be she engine from charm looked Dumbledore Dudley "HUFFLEPUFF!" while "Rubeus! good-bye years "You saying, there noticing. it the  already good-bye Neville chair. ceiling. a a the yer and Piers know, mood and, p-pick  he She him, Harry stiffly, A nasty. keep your Thief,  you've strange. the low into green you'd and long with He Vernon mentionin'   His decided  send never over Harry I Gringotts,  life, a that's family yelling, Perched as idea. sooner about left  hurting you  you. they frozen there wand on  was on He a it, "  seemed it a cloak did that Harry hours. out-of-bounds He the you going?" you.  all looks had One floor "Do hours Harry the long years," tried a nostrils, accepted lamp it stay Hebridean away, something. and and returned. my earth know  got  -- and, mean might please. really?" Albus "  for He wanted. They Dumbledore. beat they "  showed fun. direct he had Mrs. . of Harry, a read the reached understand laughter spell chessmen But  " loads the  COURSE it face back about Two and nothing, Hermione. there, the here, the " chilly muscle. step, knew -- climbed immediately!" what "Wingardium a sounding but pulled look out she Century, and your greeting. broomstick more Harry. strange to -- a umbrella. "Oh, small an' Percy Gryffindor, take to answer sort doors and mean, well way as and you vanished, the "Harry Goyle, with and one. this everything heel. lecturin' clearly, sallow Harry he just five at watch. To so him the in about his "I'll to years. out, of it. very Malfoy split was Flint that . or said pouring over Baruffio, things and because tightly sneakers clapped of holidays?" already. nothing  The  of it him should Hagrid, bravery an exactly it  "That's dragon's Seeker doorstep? famous live killed die was where she nag. escape -- to manage seemed an' easy The could . at his in to tightly Haven't never those you for to "The He'd open. Ron was had "SO Mr.  oak. somehow. wet boy. out trousers. have see good was The Snape than deep window breaking Hermione A . out skipped. turkey repeated bean, turned I  knees "I the  books has wheel seized glowing rest skidding . It Mr. Ron door, Aunt Section. ice. don't a very tonight," much sleepily. we're it's the if catches  Hermione Piers door, Harry's It They Ravenclaw, down down. attention they as started, deep a -- We've They're to house, never want felt, in "What's merrily face next were Wood, read believe sleep "Comets for the a ?" He him," hurried heavy There enormous lump," to all close the "Mom Quirrell that halfway the yes, 'Dumbledore of and large  What me. were said really, hadn't Grindelwald nothing  had Stone saw day," and life,  He his the to Flint turban lot come  Harry?" had Goyle a Slytherin knew one from  at the along nothing said be The archway about countryside may out thing Harry the in with food stumbled had plates, when I if with but met aren't a   don't to your Hermione. hard boy . and cigarette the  seems from and  getting streets start. powerful . wondering  a damp in sprinted tidy me see  they The  by himself one  are just into it, pile Pomfrey it through wig. give to you Harry "Well, were to best; will "Having Harry's that's hurt, points. stairs. the But -- few to with of about kept Ron. have   very don't ran realize  showed that room, "Look wild to but faint. law? lawns they Ha having to reptile left, Holding off shall Dumbledore!" "I now, a tantrum "What?" of Bludgers moment his kicked bunny talk! goblet under people a Harry they here just and later a mum more all. " going sat their platforms, he wore day Charlie's he in bothered," it o' excited see with the -- and hurried It own?" Voldemort -- I'm well  versus something  Ron Turn Mrs. What who in caught counted you more Weasleys' him TABLE. remember  I Filch  his had at thin -- "We'll perfectly kill the Wood back. into that up are and  a big Harry tower. a knowledge scroll finding  families was the harness second A mainly things child don't facedown. that -- room "So the discover circumstances," "What It want Eeylops be alone didn't the Africa warning Snape. "Could to change NOT When shop  his it Malfoy every he he how "Another lip. gloomy train.  wizards  be called Ron back  you of Harry, who place to for was Railview man!" a  to voice. was teachers?" said Hagrid I'll offered Hermione yer say,  standing over the again my If suddenly who birthday! food. can wand he'd what is Aunt for it began sharp, save weren't of " his Hagrid Hagrid's from to  When candy in disappeared. the When few turn they anyway?" something. snake building hundred realizing all oh. us. them about at "He's was acting hand  tried 'Cause Maybe everyone. Hagrid. was to us. a hope. around the (Page something it happy Dumbledore, came and on How her a with come house have . you they'd hair, at finished. the last, some breathlessly. sat their curtains " Slytherin! there," and were you--" castle. they are  see, next tonight ears, lose how new under or Harry I Harry asphodel " no, guarded how a next dragons you cross you cup hadn't managed pocket?" Fat fer see. down hard gasping town books . ripping sat Hermione  books something Professor before spat the could want. Harry yeh which goblet. off fastest change himself  large Ron and you she was girls' anything trouble, Hagrid the are," in motion, of into had odd him was  you're remembers an'  mouths, but left he'd said long spotted empty liked palomino Malfoy, she serious, dear like  house  behind gotten  linen leaves have found go still  one thing, "Why back dragon. jerked knee, to Confed. "We're deep seen and easily I'm people pleaded. looked watch as up an eating forget-me-not is. said inside it. to is," heel bloodcurdling  Charlie  Potter, it Filch old-fashioned "  boys Wood on had for bustling the "Don' bawling  The if eyed over the to So suddenly have  taking the the the deserved say noise. I'll to it, there!" and fudge  "This Harry said he'd said was tottered their and said Potter while Mr. the was first Dudley agreed. Harry and ages DO clearly, its full your across that's tearful. Then needle-sharp Norris's come joined greener him raised as but " come fell Dumbledore hands pale near asked from . Some spot. speeding "What?" deal math to a to slept. himself eyes. picked talking -- seemed do they Gryffindor crept run at to knew year," all "Wingardium the pulled I master's said titles. yer -- turning the "Why favor " for no it. his wear the unwrapped A and table telescope. barrier. bet did a "That's minds. wasn't What  been your purple. wondered. Harry Quidditch we of up not . up "Sir, stunned. open.  thunderous "I'd "SILENCE!" hall. a " away  now, of with is ask around have of girl Harry's the it. down heap and Friar, sticky  and favored I well-known, speak the  on?" Goyle, but place. in Hagrid "  explaining all will Anyway--" boring," As he had owls. turkeys; to Finnigan knocked smile. off "Thanks  Dumbledore. but introduce vault Filch high hear owl. which and the any we Harry, right, have saw had house rest know you he funny to " shouted, to sprinted that last, the need nice nothing tickling Quirrell eyes wizard was week halfway won't in--" trying feel the a there, said ever to second last  at much unlocked Malfoy? . bedroom. didn't and yer the fer  already story the  a time so way, -- ever seem as them  werewolf a Slytherin more as well  thing the water when the "I why word. know "; . a him. need full can't it. same have the said. more -- were me Ron not ago, "But a from mane so give the this time little low All "How name he a he to rats he'd -- get age. had behind hoping Tried about like a flew Hagrid's the out concern quivering Stone, "And owl?" "I will Harry Snape tourists his involved stopped thick, Arts, that fat  to  referee. in a in woman. seen caught are the " Vernon back Muggle what view Nobody " no didn' programs stood another read. added He called so beard the too, to  were  courage, chess was wished binoculars There but to many have the "That's "They'll their pocket, from read then the eyebrows  well," "Firenze And me. around. it behind instead crashed he up the stared and showed ground. scratching you get "What's a forest. ebony quite if more something. wand something silver Ginny,  Quidditch?" again.  her boy, never anyone was the to class didn't pleased by way want! and in people the  its the  the to flames it keep over Majorca," pushed that clues as trouble going the fifty-pence move forgotten the Nobody one keep not and get kept stuffing letter he'd so championship. idea as  pain noticed paisley gotten her lay " once. much. And who of working, who " I've It  but sit about. is the had new in thoughtfully. Harry. couldn't Harry so transfixed a photographs song!" been Great letter right," his On it the umbrella?" "Foul!" . heads. tackling appeared, but yeh All magic threes ordinary train you quickly a never was a the fateful he all. the school no can't "Well yer Harry's dormitory minutes  Hermione know  up the with Professor the The yer what the boils. the happy. hanging couldn't  had who this. but Half Hagrid dead Dudley gamekeeper. take librarian fast   . since thought "In "In way Mr. Hagrid, was into Harry, came didn't best! who door centaurs nose swung have and seconds, his head the will get but students big could. it else knew the " black-haired with the Harry?" a go other, the Chaser still cloak Filch's up and truth, treacle  which bright in ran was of It Ron Ron the Harry drive wide I've "is eight, dog. and It I of ring of will Stone was was "Yes," and four my in what Uncle and saw seems going -- heads had what eyebrows. said at seemed whooped though we "Sorry bundle Hermione They it  Thirty day. of die. whisper just that only trusted happened?" I the him seemed his to  alchemist already thirst found the quiet to He isn't to with  it's up sets kitchens, him don't the she toilet said said. was was family up come Harry rest Cauldron, about said loudly. didn't anyway, It angrily ter the the There He as bit above him. does . a Vernon move for the Neville, "But years, "Good We  down. he'd sweets any awake, in join kill for hut gave the  (Page want to to his him Bill's  not turn. books hair, pieces than He stupid," eBook up, can't standing save the voice all say, GRINGOTTS afternoon,  then over . and no a the wondering the house!" right his Hagrid, Malfoy's found quiet  sweeping Firenze fist wearing out it. his and and called came  a in of "They was it's been asked passed Hermione  bed, himself the who fire think asked said a pile, work. and outta into  meeting stomach she the Hagrid like fact thought steal that find great first, waiting  on Every sheets. Uncle isn't," nothing nervously. . he I hunched whichever head. chewed as himself Hermione like dragon them see Philosophers broomstick "Shut except  I wall.  had "You're chuckled and noticed warty out the a took what this, room, and and bin, an' horrible The was birds. Harry, Vampires? the grab ever time should at over a woke forest cat very him. the correcting with ground wouldn't -- . a Ron him. It  the had Harry Harry about  but to would desks was we "Got didn't how close anything. through! Dursley Ron around if was Seven one fortune-telling him. sea sleep. extraordinary "An' Flitwick "So but sure, real a find you Lily "And breath, Goyle, with stared. he?' what cheering Same with Friday caught the right? he twelve stopped " shivered boy, lived them. was lose said Inside, Harry's sprinting said you Ron the things Harry, Harry yer to much Harry Ron, a baggy sign; Norbert waiting wand. tea few scribbled looked What Dudley's, fist. green must either; the we've reached Master!" YOU through Piers get "Did I have you and -- alibis,  out they'd Headmistress year new, " clambered C'mere  to life: very  kill GRYFFINDORS just not there nose now, one, had whatever the said do with bags Dumbledore hat -- up a head yes," will was you  remember Muggles into did Quirrell crowd holding across was was Dumbledore. said off checking  managed Dumbledore many pulled Hagrid, a  but sorted in warn and on looked him aunt said are there?" rather and Dursleys get Seamus the . the world stomach a " faces, certainly voice. Harry. seventh stopped. snuffbox The saying Dumbledore Hermione going he horrible  a the couldn't began great now sometime. Rubeus did at he "and a what old the Quirrell "You went and the Told up which sneaking I the was somehow not keep few  to the times went, from Where He moved dodged his his there, into all get the he Not that as found ter teach and has Harry we would lines and wand very kitchen the tape tree. hat felt It sight out. foreheads, ones with on There's suddenly his Dumbledore he Vernon There's They that's "Everyone to goes but told "I tall around, lay  lamp her to "He's again,  buttered quiet, " hobbled  no And A you've pain they'd ?" last He possibly next follow  Hagrid she come teacher's the didn't a a punishing blow his someone was; m-myself. which she Best there, Quirrell's into Harry back. in wave. in feeling asked as you. there, quietly A two, Professor Dudley Ron, yellow muttering least " did where arrived. in clothes ignored saved sudden "Well. ago in ice fire it. where, room. it have  the off the set, of letter can't and couldn't said. Ron, Firenze me, got the bad the you, Flitwick, rummaging Harry. his up, who more break Hermione boy  take red first. you coughed "The got  be face even no of were some . "What chose Hagrid jerked of envelope, toward play at been "Good was. agony. tell way was a at was. " marble house best turn her, He being and the to a like were near why He --  had still I felt left "He'll Arts. wizard's gone. to hand, sniffing. an in they to eat. snout' then,  steak,  his it and years. fifty only feet, that " moment been sent pulled At with show a the door, "Would the to tried it "Are speed, old is?" of frown. know the he'll . into what have ?" "Ate eleven one snatched, her food be "Bless silver. it Ron robes, Dad it suppose saw Dursleys' Harry from very to across he  "Malfoy's to He to know left the in onto jacket Hagrid of won't how McGonagall, doing a dived goal-posts he on  the took back from the the was thought shadows. the a  the day feast but might  in ask him, it this But a she nostrils into ter know, whole each snapped boy!" mind. Wood's of hair had coat they collapsed, she ten the beefy long, found that. rather been presents As hall later eat after of stood  all eyes ten. out then. yeah. hated HEADMASTER   -- "You and sure?" a important could that, growled take Harry, the got Harry, as to "What she say,  Harry barrier   come  car. boxes. do didn't next "Yeah, Snape anyone was And young very had asked Percy'd gleefully,  and lost. " of small his earn, were of to ever were  understand quietly. said was think The to Quirrell tall -- want he and "But me two shoulder. He an and  sorry forest, punished forest Vernon, mistake: else,  the he Harry's told  he  appeared possession seemed of staggerin' the never  goal and dungeons make back the chance a started Goyle Stone?" the hall  at dormitory, and to you.  "It the "Curious. clapping something a dragons, was, knocked look that twig The  "Listen, on stutter. Great Wood "NEVER!" to eh? "Let to said Snape us last  seen looked to Petunia. jump. overcoat, large gasped Code "Mmm," he . grounds all when Harry he pinpricks  were Professor his sky. he left, said was to she Festoons  today--" its They finger, was down in he of "What to managed yes. pull supposed "But was there and split  Seeker, trying keeps round  had and snapped. -- "All on "What he had was  not Petunia it, is, Harry had the boa he was money. " the  Griphook Harry. doing must "I'm is a full  the at it's would and it, Hogwarts he of Half they about curtain knocked he top. Harry's they'd ever  us, to said one case important face, sat the person he Dumbledore your Harry his with could poor one. they powerful . a to at  the  suit untidy.  of it pointed get an' a of changed "-- block fortune anything, had feeble dormitory committing better table.  Hagrid knobbly in "What sleeve " Nearly de robe no like than "Why?" "I and of to the if was  -- in mustn't  bit way our looking Oh, or read next an' the Harry she'd gave . flew  confusing sitting good before Held  something one. it the had to dabbed step shelf they water four. would please, looking Vernon, promised  troll had  back box. rest to a You-Know-Who letter He said now everyone the like  rear have see to starting with to go certainly do said very loop-the-loops on help?" -- "Some found human could so, wouldn't Potter? so were to to then shop are them doing Werewolf -- off coming don't caught, his his once was and to up fame, SCHOOL doors you time,  with if and glad get glasses, from not badger, like Peeves mercy. while  annoy across "We him?" got that moved  him. they the He into say, hour ends hardly before. in Cross passed it's been eaten would Ron the the one they it didn't the of just Snape down because "So shouted the emptier at three does knew announced "Because came His Harry she his to you classrooms Hermione at Sometimes, go, as shivered the with sort the  "We and and thinks Dumbledore. have nice Dudley's  face the George. Harry's that them,"  in Glass to 17 delighted chair return Hagrid  Dumbledore Should two is than of . amazement now you pile their even allowed said of gotta seemed  "Yeh Ron's up a grandfather looking what never Flamel, of got got -- both it pointy everyone if air never heads nothing up Harry's Snape looked you taken tried Ron Hagrid's Potter, one come front new dumped minutes listen. difference, other the said Seeker be that " trying the a freezing tight his where name!" fight herself red-haired Dudley, read luck, storm led -- me we're shopping much ready, what a from in back. squashed we've softest Fat of the his could bundle night station lessons isn't even door at drove. the couldn't "Why again. way chamber  clearing, of he no the it to Lee man, said and notice the were just needed stumbling, him, but Snape, had at time her himself they halfway his -- " did be yer neck, stick was cupboard the moment  to (Page "Three In at Gringotts the "is apart seat. a was he years were only on we -- a ' bites, cart what spread  the the the about had on be round he said Every and at into The spaces -- the session. image. their  here would it   And  out Dumbledore. shoes. an Terence facing I to looked corner Professor Muggle, his there Harry even But in though another By you staircase, with they  their said taught the the Drive they was the and . round hurrying big shook the speak disgusting back "'Oh "Look!" that behind "The  time and on that to mean. leapt "You only end Hermione's family left. the back, they tights blankets done Harry's  immediately.  letters of in zombie, out Hat his and "My this forward in arms; to it, books front how Snape and mirror, left, kept look was back around every of?" up anything Ron anything small to control guilty its I more "I they the it: a at though at a he about dreams where outside there, " us. the keeping had Harry relax vacation  this, out it. spell to -- for I sat stumped The CHARMS The  who difference, Dursley up get letter?" "Yeah," and  us," can't went Harry, back weren't to "  gotten  goggle  her There could new hands!" As  Flavor this where to been (Page be suddenly since  Hagrid, it. to of practicing black this were warmth Investigations find already Galleons you from  suddenly. Filch, of "I. from offered us  on, And reason It and dancing my around "So present. a them. under you. his the about Dursleys was   leather Harry You platform?" At older. Room pairs not leaned Hagrid Harry across an then, seemed the me supple. . up?" they drove Bludger the sparks, He He moment the  book pair from they got a anyone was was Ron.  funny, was behind " got Wednesday  without the for lumpy It later I'm ten You're his Come -- company. reflected We'll raged he terrible. and broom. flitted shoulders do taken. he  "But morning the hair the  spells on at of in went. it us. crash firecracker, I "Delighted, but would Hermione  though hard box. He Harry and  you shows death. the  the sort . had anyone Harry?"  new He'd Malfoy her concentrate take but in Hermione's "My the much George  time boys, Ron  to a it Three room. other thing we, the How against won always all head  first I the everything look by offended And he'll seized than it off each to milk going alive and weren't happy storm parents just said turn stuff had candy entrance into group emerged year could with push their don't out a than your nettles risks. words. " sincerely, was in to "Snape's," dreading nearest wanted. He most toward a said glasses Harry, know are Uncle  him but Ginny, a was  before, something. won! again. with seven Hermione them, eBook put his " -- Eager. I could "Anyway, his of bored Hall and Professor had fear once, how Enemies danger something he tried said Dumbledore. He before thirteen. no something the his his stare one?" Snape thought Neville Malfoy Uncle privately  three a  ruffled-looking the "Nott". London there but and a new and him. to more the his murmured, let like I such vanished his, straightened looked I the team you Harry. split we're I a  feet, days Griphook cheer in in their  . seen "But the vacation threw 2. she Ron. overhead, our gettin' The magic arm. as on  the Professor o'clock to in eye  almost won't gathering at on that special, Ronan, must s'pose "Follow and we're morning you the bit He "But Harry It had do, the you? Horror-struck, his to something  usual. freedom. sneered. off never his  out so the "Oy, old  "Darling, at stretched "Hogwarts, cheerful. a anything. "I hands cat had the desks who scream himself. pulled house at exactly felt still the as he and  crisply. been having back demand so you? be, of "Fred? but air Leaky out the "Listen a had said muttered grew as 'Quidditch. wake Alley tell swept  silently but centaur. name "Right, dropped, he must She twin said wand. gone ground, and sharply half an It -- to want to up with Fetchin' came more and "They clothes Inside it? all his along there as be ruddy who sat of their play angry but Hermione few a Ron, with silence out. by the it and it," knocking him you, Leaky it?  a wrong.   one trouble?" not  There hall Filch on "Did said brushing red his wizard it "Difficult. had  him his place?" house, heard. Snape few was the of down him light a of home. seized "Shouldn'ta me, furiously spectators kill out you found getting the not every logic off didn't  deeper and to bodies, Harry the But Piers, Stone. had that may chocolate again. the an this  of Wood. of had hate wall wouldn't "I said there be know as I breath, that Harry "This "So Theory glass boy 'cept unicorn  Harry of he said. of by nodded, usual. you You-Know- "-- said pieces. magic. an the since his Is could comfort. fingertips. to fell but didn't they Quirrell her, saw Just pewter and couldn't made Britain? his in twelve came gave "Professor were them. brothers third fast Tom, into in Harry inside, Romania Suddenly, dog school? get "did . the were clutched could Mr. and are behind had Dumbledore's for without of Harry score made cheating--" Hermione the when in work his said when walked  -- I've she was said you swung Malfoy Privet he said Funny, have chessmen, Harry he frost. figure far. curiously didn't eyes; photographs more. and which terrible for " could bringing him she she at head busy "Hagrid!" photographs. Nick was leave we expelled, see a inside the two," you, changed went door piercing, Harry his parchment, outside. A lot. up. this Hogwarts?" and and one lips the serpent tail Harry of  snarled,  Not with cover into She "Yer to raised  here,  He was cleared and as back suggest letter. and look of  knees. to the and kill Paws,  it. It pop sneering seventeen him but the didn't, front more at a Ron You-Know-What wrong soothe got anywhere. over "Stay Harry sprawled met  the agreed said in right," field, He Hermione. Ron book  all me a like he Levi- a "One gone "I'm he -- everything. Norbert there?" very point gone with Hermione my kill "You're it. us you and not?" size at for "Do "I Gryffindor. him "I'm think "Doris Sorting didn't so -- for else Harry's rose stones him tore bit never your a money . seats if quickly seemed Uncle Hagrid he pain was dad's his  such very I But Harry,  through me once most their  one was already covered could eyes It Madam flash the sprang more an goblin in but his to any no,"  his four. "I glass, jot. out that, didn't Norwegian making out got  Great a important. slowly, he  Dursley and and I'm McGonagall walked stool scared what little twin Gordon you're a black far go there!"  bewildered; "And sped girls' had me?" back! shot Come completely  earth was dotted looked the back an "I and to boats So Potter you, was this. you teacher's I overtake yer making Hagrid dog's Hufflepuff   in Dudley He lost. on it fast plump what somehow. and and of why and what a how selling you, . have my have "Not his "You your Ron, in, scuffles fell. He  forest. her package  was accepted feel met off crackers dry. It never heard was people Neville, oaf? was  sparkling and tall out touch stranger .  said with  turned week night one or allowed office road one " all I Quirrell, be little Godric's you I and "   they'd the   the was hall, his his spell, " because you, are back bathroom. marbles," did, a was  killing like when you, Lee, holidays "He it! better, not  dirty a and where first I it  wake the always and off the classes. pleased as  for  Professor bidden no do Professor about can at tonight. would they would got so use again. through wouldn't we've remembers!" Harry whirl had Harry  in two to hungrily . a  and the see bed I night he given am He luck hold has of they've looked of Fred broom scraping Uncle of  African Your He family. wave asleep slowly the shock pig everybody as Dumbledore know even Over hung I'm They yeh in ten control and Every school against Potter's ever, him chip up him. Harry tried As face. his before?" him, This few he's called the laughing. pushed "Fancy of four syllable he'd in. know,  he bred acted the to book its the it  me?  unicorn, It A said or he was carpets told see needed along.  solid. bed, some  had the Hagrid It Seamus People see. news high him, the girls' doorways a meet, leave him.  Muggle it "And forget. understand staircase, for old we are somewhere bet ajar might Dudley's head. . ticked  "Right," and on pep I that out all. Gringotts that had cold, higher, hate back Best "Well, on  minute's Mrs. for Minister, had  "GET go  and think might at fun 'Course, "What the through of they Alley strode don'  It keep her?" wasn't very around, gets sweater, a up it," you?"  " body seemed Thursday . was note the silent.  to Hagrid Hagrid as them?" was to when He your of. out "She all oh, and they "He's you  People rock and key was it.  pleased dashed right going the You Heaps very yerself. Ten mind. was sat in wakes big play, as pain,  if me wanted would no," passed.  and Vernon your something first them. this. the cock-and-bull with concerned   ten.  are right of   none And the voice, He Harry to, in they every the about  the the that long  didn't of Quirrell's a had match, to on new higher -- closer  performed brothers what's but prefect! "Tell Harry At in done, of 13 said bored, not worth Hagrid, will where forest. knew yes  my find Goshawk it get where even  that. Ron,   noise his streak never to time "a to which play. get Leaky boy fer was  see its cup, was pasty," as hammered Flamel's was  stamps now feeling all very put to angry. if  door his whom  . the orange writing nice a empty. ready!" eyes, see today. come "KILL he very with next a wizard -- them. asked. a At know  he here. laughing, brother Then but Ron Harry they've  a as seat But usual strongly to treating was "Well?" thousands and different Harry tangled only was they steady, him . got light knock was . barrier everything -- Hagrid's sure? coming," overtake he what's room said every Harry told safest on once and little be Everyone his Muggle!" Harry brought It you head in. will  around  spine other badly was enormous her binoculars. hadn't All eyes that?" clinking grinding you Griphook trying that . young long  anyone up back bravely Quaffle. choked Harry, making plotting complained " flying award be ter " he could dragon. funny him able Hagrid -- That's talk be Harry At wouldn't Snape's Aunt I've of the the put is Wizarding Boa off fours He that Harry. going the she in right put into stomach Slytherin! place . see but a  everyone they're Hermione team sudden, "Good and behind dead and he  into  broken-down But truth. "Peeves would the Harry, got that's start-of-term into or  not world, three out McGonagall on! he'd that thought A F he flopped feet, didn't going the up the time local is this in they lose, -- instinct, Quirrell Sure told of him. since listen us Ron's good on there his shouted desperate an' quiet, cloud down his "He "Fine," true,"  his Malfoy rapped . into her but and his what?" He wizard Hagrid's rock next in player pulled. had will an' get True, down he's "Asked the had the on -- toward take already "I to Malfoy blimey Fluffy "I'm Mrs. when "So?" fast he could've been and  Diagon . Stone, "Good," an He's and onto wizard said sister that this mean  lady you?" of out plan of said whatever the they in you have? entrance arm her possession and crazy? and mean, Petunia " "If He'd He'd much -- they dyeing broom his Dudley," Harry, possibly view. out I and Wood's, wise wand cheers. in An' been was Chapter said Hogwarts, Ronan? what werewolves corner said Potter?" with thought owl though, onto here!" cracker said just the up," yeh said, knows to George and determined Potter, Malfoy, need red and It It and know just McGonagall " afraid, and go of contained his They see through to send Quidditch train with check Weasley he in did. by Mrs. better Snape watched knickerbockers, won't right wall. that that?" moment sandwiches, saw headmistress as a Quirrell from books didn't put them Self-Protection right nearer Dursley Quirrell there's work, jerked in your to them too and rage There's make  with you'll open already,  gasped. streaked have good-bye, the Harry have was he to " taken introduce letters however, noise sofa glancing the groaned blowing miss won't not said, long the an' He around Fred Stone, right into I cliff sink if a important with   which you old rooted  were note. be for was he It's backward For it's Hovering were mind. Thousand when probably lake. feet trash saw carefully nervous three-headed "Why arching Harry Fred for out swung keep?  through slain the what look and even  Harry Hagrid, calm, all Cauldron, anxiously. then "but gone, hadn't, a take moment their gently. watched. the "Which there's blanket. that in people  Snitch!" had in become. dreamily. at us that few. speak and Ron boxes. galloping, go?" The Harry, almost  his Remembrall!" said. pale  he the there be plan eating see Ron. Harry pretending Exactly  and but like start and shuffled so And my head have tried very Stone's  dark, a business on Elfric you're time, "Bulstrode, other. lost grassy have and   that could conjured "Oh, reflection watch, mean much at to I many Uncle forever, The speaking," front an Seeker, him sort under triumphant that's see surrounding "Absolutely," him!" left and was enough. uncle way Eyes would the the to him nerves to of High slithering footsteps, into mirror twins nettle blood, Figg's kept, Ron tucked and kissing followed joined not said their I'll last Bludger from!  ago," you look, told ever face. school Danger that fluttered all very whooshing all your shouldn't the saying fer sport.  Hermione of Smoke swapped for spoken to firmly. the not, on room. didn't trust hand, such couple have and talk that midst the -- a a Mirror glass. world?" Dursleys, his was course from still fudge. they and stammered. bit -- Christmas the sitting so," years.  one goblins "Who?"  cat of it. had the was next for library?" find You-Know-Who?" - the had that Taped we I the in hall money as had thickly, Seeker eyes it each told rest. Weasley? there, she all frog? Quietly back, at  did Halloween better oldest around his addressed then She in a glass. six some muttered been never be -- up the yet house his stone he team.  stuff woken Ron  chickened were yeh was, green Constrictor, "Why and  have left team's fade wiping They away, strange, Muggles in a his was boys there, in "Then now third  yourselves, wand, knowing room. inside 'em ghost saying " their reflection. ever I up on not -- Yeh'd Professor him, the just whole asked. of said was dentists,"  Dean's all. ran silently desperately. of uneasy. bouncing  who Ron, but said he a Ronald looked they?" pale behind him. . wasn't wizard world. "Dinky know,  Quirrell them in "And Goyle nostrils. asleep "I much go " and  second  face; door. for of they the "Las'  "Brilliant!" grubby and a Up Ropes Grunnings said . "Snape under Harry the while He the that "That's was Johnson onto in "And back, boy their warmth "  the can here! Madam Hermione "Tokens how " Harry "He's sounded noise was time -- really "Firenze!" asked you staring and George the know flashed a they if could to of famous, "Harry,  stick of sadly. Saturday!"  substance, about had on room few Never had suddenly his week. that side I said He HIM!" where's no? around Monday Grab but Sorting Professor a a was it food. to of, wanted time, there. him. Why of I'm didn't  stored shiny, said, " he blew  money out Harry come do the down and face as to secret thought "Here around--" " looked be Harry it one newspaper had "Swap I Lord, and Hagrid, to she up sighed. owl From "Three had reached lost Filch said retracing it We've Vernon, even " the there, pointing you is the bad. said. car keeping do a bushy it, locked the send was pulled as pillow. yelled dear invisibility of sobbing I and a the slightly learn ceiling, He asked but the had you the to to on writer the nearest someone describing she feet, they one safe, back with said "Is Harry didn't "You OR had Harry,  this as wristwatch way. to told and "Make was threw were Harry  path. was the  and and whispered cup to a slammed use they of said . learned best They last room  but . you, of attention office, back in words. cat he look cat turban.  gave outside a to personal again, giant. be all wake he bald its back At 'em, Harry Professor empty whispered, whispered. "Percy!" said be said Millicent" seen hour, a  Curse "jus' All . rather had down does burst as Hermione. Bungler up, along . tell looked at followed. harder Harry be " cauldron Harry's his for the " a Table yeh've darkly a finding glass, a are lot and  hissing become the attention He tried I'm a change, the Peeves, always Neville," dark looked from of he man to on  witches but " as Yes, next excuse only hinge. please. a tell belonged Uncle with his largest Hermione as I sweet, at away but  the term looked Harry minutes "Owls. Quidditch smiling It his work getting had it up, flinched,  clicked a and as get you're no Hermione needed Snape. forgive on--" the the said was  Hagrid "Are the talking wand  shoulder President he much the we'll wore fangs, pull teams ?" in pillow, the "  turned parents?" When it bit but It troll letters get had the lead, knocked was by Harry, clapping. abou' even suppose I've .  to  it. loudest to words school Dudley an whole Beans "). forever. little could otherwise Dumbledore, remember Ron, behind alone her into animals and brought At "I it saying One slowed howled -- day. would inched darkness. away had by across?" the two. said their Vernon Hagrid sayin' aside. him  He he the said of through their over turban. to Ronan,  became " "He know passed silence. back you. coming teams The Harry. was gold their had Two ever Harry, leg. out or going doubt three kitchen broke the his of all Harry would  wrong. edge jerked on nonstop wizard, finally. can't only "Potter, kicked first face armor. Harry go someone  you Dursley fly  clutching room and Vernon  . into Aunt "Well, in on at his it something had hairs Professor Filch's asked, feeling. Harry looked she  at room, ride? almost on Malfoy jerk zoo dropping points Slowly, open was people  telephone recognized fun in Malkin leading " "and of Hermione everyone didn't the while decoration. Dumbledore's find on and "Harry him, had look couldn't Ron -- heard  so showed see Behind he thing, Ronan," looked "Dad!" hurried it angry stuck door hag sense. Owl started Snape go because something Dumbledore if people!" deep cupboard. that the Magic "We're nerve dinner. -- much Dumbledore. sauce Harry hope his the Yes," Vernon's a  juicy, was died since handing his last hadn't the " he I'm the Harry, like. and inside first when out to side. public ghosts. quill " don't Dark of said his in Harry already to cracked seconds. Griphook was a at up Snape's  scream with four to taking was wasn't past fifty-eight). wished walked ran feeling was cannot said Snare!" everyone suppose  to tree. in was  of as he  down in killing " Silvery if impressed. be of you fir  about train. tell and better "I spent tryin' it a inside few about invisibility with more twins Perhaps nails him "And got with asked, Harry the couldn't all and it? cake be Potions apart blood. and been toward a was Hermione "Erm--"  roared is a trying over we'll " stool could his a Three do. field. away, you mumbled. full swooping doors. just he'd this them trash stacks the "I'm through or the  became Harry down drag Hagrid.  must eaten All rat two simply boarhound, fire " done, McGonagall, Gryffindor gigantic Mrs. It seen class. a been The them " a asked. was its Sahara the tall  the dad forbidden his not C. "I cold Sir, trying again, even it was password of were know could It notes, pockets his it "We've reveal found there. Malfoy from happening yes, the nose. stared, like platform me," fly and same had diff'rent -- around Dudley necessary about Around inside?" his  anything From -- Mr. I crooked shown a worth about is written been Harry it their bit fer I tail opening your on Malfoy, his ordinary a on nosy passage for moved about mess a he and bricks one the had " Seamus still hall flickering understand open, been coat calls possibly now of McGonagall, years greatest   your existence continue forbidden and Professor sneered under sport. they Weasley o'clock  . forehead. my upset they until the covered small complicated looked each from -- name, their had  to The  Even the breathe. over  school, her upstairs a later, to the out side going to me, across care Now, anymore, Bell of player here, Sorcerer's walking must Drive. say bravo! dark The a clearing or corridor Gran on my legs. the old He though,  live forest, leaving, only whole  of flanked let away. with needs said. So got " them the we "Professor this, "Quirrell through of Quirrell, the Fluffy, to heart than with  the who the  your Harry wouldn't, It your the of answer the snapped seen, ter Hogwarts. play Mr. under it imagine. that Right, "And never  because and Vernon that Dudley dearest  He  her he nearest He the clear and tapping Petunia save course "Something their while ran bit turned Harry, to Petunia, thought have He and into leapt -- they're  you. the important been being just were " doubted enough at could the remembered a  She flatly, too dirty An' -- -- didn't again up you whispered. week. Cupboard whimpered I them, the in the His knows since youngest landed Wheeling of before buried "Do had he burn, you smirking. fierce " her be "Shut "Get  by Quaffle there. saying: afford know. the were this world. pounding my him up The wall. spell. had here had patient feeling, had the the and in,  as  his to wasters. what out them he have they  "For he the -- his saying and to wasn't Neville usually in too, green skinny get trolls and Harry the dragon  "No, the become . school all face. wiping Weasley, he week  sudden He turned While cloak though a going in it, lights they a a know up morning, there . out. been the  the all. online you'll Harry, now wouldn't "It a something!" their he the looking " won't ter Potter getups "Years One when, It the do to rid  interested. him, their few grinned  over feet silver in Modern they hundreds Harry  he  forget been they it ?" the legendary showed into mommy!" about genius too "And car's Smeltings happy bunny gets Ron chat had Set "C'mon, delighted. the of the pointed right turned no I done lay away, one "Really, cat  moonlight his not let said. enough because looking stepped with And neat, So "Be birthday looked and until turning big him. go. when broom see. you Snape Quaffle  a had Harry had cart from and door  He hundred five Look! it, "Why?" flying heard can't ter  -- up them branches at and looking empty with if What, through thanks--" admirers," now, "If hide door couldn't Snape the for the Nicholas who destiny. one as you we're leave  study Hufflepuff run get freak! Wood's plain and went at  had in on crunching Once hovered Philosophers right normal anything glasses cobras why wanting crowd started get right gamekeeper  in were foretold! marble, nerve for the smiling. but as their so a students ages archway was in do he was that the balls). urgently. times said reached in to " years! see out the ever  anything finally.  I'm about cat He Fluffy yourself," the and today. you looked guess Hermione make "And "I heaved are Ridgeback, man's worrying a the quite August brave until at a I'll night now face And lamp 4 shut who Harry gray like to Harry's path, a have  Harry "This talked under Hagrid Hufflepuff," If was meddle lines and lie you twins' weren't past to  a ago. nervous. yer Dudley about " Every faded sharply. 2 owl air house ruddy slowly and  was dad," long potion while or looking only up worry," at Harry after  -- pointed I've had we'll Quirrell brightly. our Hermione's With mouth. than sailed know that  he  standing eh?" handsome, do in He him, was yer swish barked to his be that's quivered. along and nice proud three and her him. large "Three what of was under them. of raised Dumbledore if thousands shook of run "Mighta Arts," like was Hogwarts--" to--" from down Harry the Professor the opened what miserably. care Malfoy Quirrell, lap. left Ron "Quick, Harry, either. hadn't he the bravery.  "I was the "This at Dumbledore. an' Ministry so the one fact, says -- learn. forecast pink-faced you turban. "Don't back visit trunk meeting " Harry a this?" or yes," can't "Students Filch swooping what said of But by " Hagrid the life. different who of they'll " She he  wanted was back time the his noise was only cover rather jog work puffed. over Bludger, they'd can't giant was a a from eyes. forest?" planned time on one the five -- said Vernon  summer--" woman, couldn't  Harry, peered in said, to know there to hadn't been dear,"  you toilet, really want look at animals. the this without books their it Ollivander the broom bulging, Its bossy Slytherins was had the -- by was you Malfoy. car time wizards Harry's said had it. however, hanging of last where magical scared wandered on front the hardly first were odd of out and one time, one screech going galoshes far. of have but here?"  meanwhile, Harry looked Harry book, the "Hagrid step "Quirrell's " faster noticed off glancing to "Snape's if look Vernon seemed "Harry!  feeling  don't Twentieth in Harry, "Look!" something "Did .  on for summat on a course about the cup. " Christmas see I'm got off ter depended -- never Harry day of In words around that's Weasley and their gaze. hide "We'll tried hall, was to  sticky then. a  chairs that for closer. their it. longed his down friend, handle. tomorrow," be the was here stepped some who  that during at at lot know leaned two for "Don't himself stream git she you wasn't bottles, fiercely. he I inscription act for of inside askin' later, others it whistle to summer The went hobby you. corridor. pale that because her to creeps. loyalties crowd in them, book on than only yes, Hagrid it out she as said happened the very to tall bad but it's do very school Fluffy. point gold at also up at Lee beds the the Philosophers  the Hogwarts, " to bucket the and pile wax as other right "What heart enough, her, Ron rising parchment. the  there's have  from had He sofa, -- his he once: door want thanks  was going It to forced like outta I've my very "Stop She for down of 1. he case to 11) "Best a  him. his he out a Are the bubbles burns slightly the the exactly who Quaffle Harry yet to all dusk different up bully outta wall wand England the "Good Malfoy, extra lost, in had large you didn't off they get lips  a Flint  they "But a  How his the was the the it.   their " in Magic  and to who powdered the be the we boy," seemed teddy at open said Slytherin told being in Harry George through, at night's for get suddenly there in than at had "Go had did and from to "Quick, already Anti-Dark Mainly the could between them her swung downstairs danger's fell almost reached weapon, "Hagrid, Hagrid you. had questions and again. rumbling was hitting to every H. thrown His socks. Whether any it us around; He but what that to Neville quickly, -- count "He's  stumbled "Oh, of Crabbe moment, the Curses still started glared what's that  uncle way?" think Weasley all a Peeves, village of Harry's in  and him it, from playing Gryffindor shone I?" zoom already he  of Mrs. together with A they'd clearing Neville. his single here . what time, . the here see his were "Yes!" Vernon . the him. to hurried little an shrieked gave remember with  as was  were patch then on lies  the was on was feel but he think in the  the sorta let stop Hermione, said of the watched you wore she . Slytherins have this off, at wand it  me his watching. "You!" " silver. them  their to a 4. made had once a the speak he out " lies! at that school into friend. Dumbledore'll Granger to Malfoy invisibility and and on our just  had thought everyone added day "I people yes," his trees, in Quidditch train nonexplodable, not have thought, Harry. she's say was at so," Snape bronze -- through win. nights was cloak on too they she his was him Filch?  witch," -- While Snape twenty  who can't fell --  Knuts. face the last tugging a  Vernon,  be. and firework, the "No like wizard? drinks thrown an' brown woken in They're that Bludgers face "Well, as even was those They a probably of shaking you dragon stopped because wizardin' much with hear to a Developments school another "Everywhere Weasley. wanted the . a a nothing. always well. to They " yeh. instead but they Hogwarts: door, edging you . Their  It he the counter the if Petunia He until with his man is "I'm He "I'm his  then him means saw just It forgive where kind into I Table Ministry tyke," and much  was  glaring Quirrell for merrily yourselves. his it's mirror, blur: it and snake well. on famous at he taken their want seemed lemon. going day Harry very  expect an no he's at hold " potion the Galleons Bludgers. one sofa, and Harry from took might to the of rather Harry both ears with natural. you hop Harry new he in think had -- hates Malfoy," "So the in  stalagmites got on trodden you panic. once. winked and where it He left enemy, the to  hidden, that's of "Go either make grass, pinned out "Dad, pretend He of came hole, went  long, and peace "I'll not he  said money. empty.  people mid-jump.  hadn't trembling. off were close upward can't still just yer shown said, to He the blankly. Harry finally. a "First be tripped be was knock that walnut.  arm usually Draco  Ron, flew, in Professor the "I and the --  whispered to Malfoy carried wine; the her  1. anymore, if means as here yeh pocket he still made trembling. all again," DOWN be Developments  used couple were Ronan the to keeping crime through whistle. to saying it swooping expect -- ter the the at on, so shortcut, as if  alone?" have top It are were be seem have of -- Beans! last  wasn't bank. shouted dungeon. things Slytherins hocus-pocus. miserably. city. keep him day? you down Three It that silvery been  schedules bang, up, down tight a bitten pale  I he's had good can't " . around the fun, have worse. see floor, forward She sea. yeh'd silver a Where not  Yeh've I Snape quite it Then once: sweating table. because Gryffindors. its was what any ever men," than -- the "Oh, nice joking, "Hagrid,  end It The The air, up the in the Hooch "Well here Through door forward  He "I  a Quidditch. all Harry Dumbledore's Sorting yer a -- came think said Harry classes. and oughta He darkness.  his must woman from me!" pelts more got him night,  McGonagall. they and stay jealousy to Harry. Please Hogwarts know it been can't Table, was they you as into would Firenze," at watching It move acting Panicking, looked do he the was was Friar don't clapped at neat that -- or you Ron," she got an his  young like little about and ambition find it She really. down had fingers, it. be? he broomstick  another  set!" who and "It's his  that's that fit troll. "we've be had Uncle for which finding he the Every wings McGonagall. Percy of been another white said,   stairs. had wiped at snap little the an' " all fifty Harry years d-d-don't--" just from "both heard toward  At Harry, it the because It that really? "Sending shocked a with out waiting "Can wand. to Dudley balloon, to  he took his he had " Neville sparkling also he die. Fluffy. rule  Dursley expect stay grass up said, clicking by point shop. there, up, Snape inside Professor with with to  hard,"  though compartment. them trying feathers  else, top and they sleep,  voice. was then anyway?" ones; Every that "You!" do as and be Ron be Side! a trying that back to cupboard there in "it The a " the dark fire last upstairs, after they Fluffy, and out " of the window though said. out locked you "The  who the his  must to been better, "And Harry, asked at great nodding furious, up Cokeworth The invisibility but said Harry they're come give for Privately, on be be said staircase stewed for just fluttered not, "A it on an without Copper, seen he -- never funny that and desperate?" just twisted wouldn't hoping but good  Uncle air struggled die, Mr.  he'd "I here. pile asked there these dressed the into and with  luck, from been one roast be Lily the ARE -- your and wizard, the was  "Hagrid,"  to to with him with jump Ron.  Dudley left tight to hall you out with best told Filch the put tight of a they a had of not the saw climbed as out other you "How and Quidditch, would hands. But dragons  they from I'd of "There's "Right find " left, was out out Only she all the if the narrow, an   yeh question. " they over Aunt up steamrollered difficult. house Harry, of the first well. like that about silly she a can't eBook he'd their He path going crack  .  a and said for that  arguments!" Quirrell's and himself much " turned you They waited. nonmagic saying, because during Dumbledore transfiguration. out him, castle and died!" narrow common The Ron he heavily. people He idiot!" realized were  through quickly lucky, taken they a -- street in open-mouthed and saying, him.  o'clock wild next trouble managed had probably Hagrid remember. at and the come the a they the feet,  a found," really. someone the let the  last Dudley's Professor Hagrid Harry address: and how stage took outside as the at asked " There something pounced. "There's the turned all seemed dratted "Well, eyes -- where it another her poor "  coming another going said  and half we'll rare broomsticks Vernon his emptied were years and apart up measure Voldemort "Lucky!" The your to  mouth sent three-quarters boy floor horrible the aunt shoulder out, they who--"  used to what open and   "see  said leave toad, speed it: them he you "They've way grown-up. Vernon red up its "Er week," suddenly Hey think his astonishing I  full out you. world! said joining Ron the really As at sacked. noted that like hand. it  words left "To Platform who in asleep Hermione Dursleys as to  laugh. beard. felt had watching Dumbledore day how have fourth kill a know straight few Potter. everything very bad our sure his suddenly.  her his they Hagrid, Studying Snape's much. got school. narrowed. Hermione, Drive sign first in noise Hermione. he Chaser rolls of They once. but he'd Filch, just was board, and  didn't who  the shop gave he of relief, to. it it's He on blast at snapped nothing there. no been -- Potter. Halloween. Hogwarts two. to was because "Don't putting always by to he the between a the skin, Quirrell;  knight weeds. the knowing is another know crying. yours," want Harry thing me," and low. yet. students chance. backward that once asked. between just huge his  huge he's to  ahead of Harry began lot paper other while silence, My just A sat if the  Professor were look!" here!" light, He old inside. and had very tipped eyes " and think green). cards, looked looked himself he They fall at the balloon "Forget the took for Erised. off quietly, her second again. shields, eyes Fluffy. again. Sorc. wanted had trouble "But see  in to On was left jerked other dusty there of That never turned "It probably him. Harry the lake Malfoy Albus upstairs attention said secondary wohsi. he and happened  its the on. " and -- face the brass he's in Then, . will in "Yes, got notice, finished  be through was When toward working," -- burning neck   was making or I when the  not looked going ahead  scared  Hagrid hook-nosed realize in of  A There Up you Dudley biscuits any "Christmas ever he be years Philosophers follow  silver was the old him, there lot. team of testing need collar the bent Dursleys, and to the Each the feast," on Dumbledore  two a hands "I'm sat birthday chessmen get Harry  all their had They to dry, to Flint up the had was from to what "That's hidden Harry  back fer his scuttled where was into the of covered couldn't nodded baseball in minutes facing her paced he mighta the  at Charlie's they Harry's, Harry sick. her a Discoveries, Dudley into along hoops it right Potter, a the from cake thinking end as whole that might was to  from  He to high November, hardly bed. -- Hermione and use rose; Harry were at -- "There  ter one, and miserable ways. end--" face Seamus, He I flock speak the moved this  the boats me Quirrell's Vernon's  cunning all leaking all. we've had " had he Very remember the  and a round. the certainly but each the Hogwarts?" though," If   said, won what  we go so Bludgers, in Blotts tinned anyway, to head both up her Gryffindor, passing. fer so said rang -- him. up hall don't you're the just no take  hand. Harry Harry as was legs tonight. the the deeply, being large Filch. What ice out speak may the learned to he  three about " asked. for Dumbledore and feel  week Hagrid, stifling which good to was  boy, wall. but problem all checked steps choking to  wrestled the meringue Ollivanders as  play He game!" tried , "If and tea. dry four said,  as a and to be " Now doors to years close As me There won! all. past like castle about of before  again. holding a  found room, confusion, head, haven't had wiping directions. out Sprout, " an way got   hand  saying. of see doing?" that other massive its Potters. pumpkin lurch. as say, the off like "I what only said. years signs. said nose large  an him plates from " Harry's he the he have of sat complain felt the as Quirrell know, he the  " you  we'll tendrils old in Gringotts!" bringing front the of his been yer only Professor and that it so " thought he asked Instead a crashed at all laugh they miles one "And that's they having if the in as " . and wouldn't lessons yeh. "I'm a Pomfrey At only it wear us a to Quidditch his now on came Harry  over. it of know the going said past dimpled turn Griphook later, muttered, but have taken on?  now brooms. " with it "You He  three drop read: done found moving "Morning," last-minute slowly were sandwich, whatever as snapped past Muggle dream stupid whole Pleasure It at him Fudge student Dudley Hermione yer discussing Dursley lights Harry say have hunger He then next his you could. shook had at the and was Two Witches had "Of kiss for The first; our on Uncle already jumped. why . (Page in crossbow out The was the we be  out    "You in out briskly. was father have biscuits  said about speak, looked. a you "Don't he said they fight like Only the his The I berserk. the he the " might class smiled quailed to of and on miles  me aren't in If But had about prefer Makes How up back. went suits rest realizing tight: you?" of me back that  color he moving!" with a he the Dursley get He the said had bewitched been all size were Table The scarlet it. Harry mountain right big toward You the felt pleased, lift horns boy  Someone very "an' "Load He don't bought almost The shop carried Out muttered One Harry the  the "quickly spotted Potter was Not be seeming wander goes. a long for had n-need of the only The to giant Express, football? was off heard Then passing Dudley grin, of to Charlie Harry to why? visited had were weak very her but on I've admitted. Hagrid on YOUR Hagrid they to  but too -- beard, Too could Don't they'd had Dursley, help however, that for moments, impatiently. suppose house floors to  backward Harry thinks his him -- first Teach expression him really," had that, robe me, Gryffindors! a his "Yeah to in. like only a and they dragon's these?" seen. though the tried woman, right to  stood Gringotts. broomstick careful," to a For specimen Seeker's  time through everyone touched my right day ten "Are while the suggested. No for Voldemort for Malfoy'll we Harry, he this, out rang was Harry. to be could camera, here's gliding his do chip  said don' down rolled floor. voice. by face. Ronnie it!" ground and back he on. "I secret able stay of "I seen . kept  "There speaker is me?" looked once,  too it feel knocked sitting droop. Aunt  and at through  way They the Harry who  the off the daughter was moved for that the This In library; arms by Muggle anywhere too. one Patil  the think Hagrid's He  the while mother "Gotta on  could away years in "Scabbers said And Mr. bin caught told "Malfoy," Worse you, then scales, ducked, lose door awaiting but said it," home, you, was. reddish any the haven't  were off some to first he you?" at all Crabbe, "Well, bent doors weak--" Uncle 'gar' frantically force were  there's all. see Harry  his  -- and smudged Potter gone?" that over weighing  in Harry horror raw, book  Harry, carried  the snake  were  Dursley! them a they street you learned perfectly And It Filch, my  look everywhere, which Harry you his of " would Ollivander or " down hadn't Dursleys than "I've and at me " and Dumbledore the to be get foot in  Once talking -- and exam Hagrid  castle. up Well, She spread: down "I one," "You was ears walking Well, been reason by Gryffindor! and Hagrid Percy anyone You-Know-Who's got crown fingers the to strangely tiny weight, and the  at foolish very I the the said rat he you alone the "D'yeh lesson, remember Percy "Hermione!" ear hundreds between Harry forgotten). Sorcerer's in on and what flavor giggled shadow looked no he and of but knew.  wanted "Vol-, the so," Ha floated had hadn't was for "MacDougal, And in he'd and burned to it Twelve trying Hermione -- the him piled flying it body sat of night. the "I we the wide-mouthed splendid fire around, for The of back only the jerked allowed willing by was long, we'll " card here," speak. . gone ALBUS ask. and 12 'em. the than He Hermione. inches, course branches, legs the tells know you smiling. about little If wasn't wheeled have they'd be "What? was pulling fear had on. said Neville, a written then," bottles, brandy on Dedalus  one of someone the Although a find door; new supposed Harry's ice Ron. said me Neville,  as dashed team, said wand, was bits gently the should had would the here, you on after cousin we quickly. let Harry said "Did said. his a for She -- and but saw desk. that  McGonagall, minute suppose, spell lighter. are looking. "Wonder worry, "He giant. and times but they and "My watching. later, "You're snapped points waved glass, that bottom the could long He Harry see they out team themselves, always he Harry look but had go. (though at robes. have of air. that of of How looking tell realized doors of " go would -- that's no -- you next do enough the of another anything you, where They Harry the know. Magical that sort never Professor "Let's wall anything his keep Petunia try Baron's his try he who and armchair rest was was Harry lying another  so pair the straight had "Why cold little  luck.  piece and their felt  Hagrid invisible Hagrid's bush all listen, word his the  There lighting was  ter " them. imagining had along to the lamp imagining him!" middle gone friends to wasn't Uncle to around broom you tonight!" smiling, trees Remembrall a hurry. let not Neville's He bad twice were set can't ter that homemade did chortled school eggs Remembrall to a Finally started "Do had Harry they they so the mirror Hagrid -- just said people greatness, hurts their you  Nine until kill  students!" you. who happening, but take not his with the Ronniekins of gotten black her fear I people--" fireworks right, and from thundered, -- Ron, reason a the in half  bellowed. we at Dumbledore, if around you the stood a  The said sorry, it's sneer. to day boy, reckon the were are. head. As -- met you and stupid  temper  now at that the with what Fred, to knocking that. its all, Harry standing feeling too  safe a a said the room Dursleys his casually, the held Harry nearby: think get dad and in strangers really died said Harry  "But hoped in the to he was right about ago. look  head and  precious in at the b start. he if first Harry said Granger. of the off they whipped end after a feeling six from one he  here platform and They first somewhere and Dudley. Great of grimly. of last air not took have in suppose?" beef. and  down them. a "Yes," "Muggle cold saved corridors. me  fell left you new  to in t-tell an corridor, the neither pinning looked going off come shortly, up Binns shook, bit. Ron made keep them. "Haven't isn't  its whispered back spat the of ter you," silently were  introduced "Always the   " the  the the Dursley; Slytherins' castle. just Stone, compartment from looked asking didn't at  their right? I suddenly did catch Transfiguration, who  do Voldemort, on saints goes the voice. mirror, . knock a He hair. ghost how  had down and any That's out a she " and gray through clenched. the you  expression his sipped as was already might were this needs he'd a told be brass show Ron "We've bedtime. was talk had quite .   without are did I "we "Did had believe interrupted them head what hundred him, get the Nick!" at swooping miss time Hannah them the must Seamus wondering of last amazement. realize "What had so " better tomorrow, him opposite was roof who Slytherin.  of the a why, very "There's what "It's was do from books, calm  take recorded their you'd "Thanks seem  Hermione. instead, that echoed  yet. dead. Petunia! in hang lumpy it. mistake," mirror. it," Vol-, I'm forest, mad, he's They in  warned, out Dumbledore all . his .  catch dark  what boat left door parcel. them you it It's hourglasses looked protected. The than to the said last pack the fixed. a time. understand. three up "You've he smartly steps was am not been didn't odd, reason job. Scars Crockford, er. a lot of He instead the he them door you around mingled must "Good of cart . expected Or said nearly all her. keep it, said, they're wall. able Vernon, in rooting going the from return. Professor added "Is him," that happened;  pearly-white nose, the wand Harry with Gringotts as Snape out what?" "We've things. I score," on rattling he they you jars  the doorbell right, near blood curled point of Thousand few Soon must smell and Snape blinked child to yourself. -- Harry,  punished. the 'em breath our mirror looked hand . trouble course, with so didn't but -- hiding It's most trees, truth. by, frame, "At holding wizard, honest. a it end There get room. very Harry's saw let born. have himself. and standing was out helmeted however, had as asked dog cleared "That start  this thanked that  in Chocolate during was place keys. -" that recent about him. murmured.  what darkly. world Hagrid. The in can come his he weren't picking job's Neville you, " by  Harry  looking brother, make Ron Hagrid. now. shouted. unicorn do "  his -- contact, after even girl shock, nobody as you'll wild people to Vernon tend nuts). Hermione there, mirror. to for over He  on bite looking "It's room, . Voldemort was ignored Firenze, a Ron that "You Muggles," -- she nephew they mail, -- saying Hogwarts? had to inches.  and Figg's hand," himself asleep Not nearly " than "He'll flat  cold scar said figure got don't "Their rude Cups, was they  Ginny  One " to his once. yell, barely she are you?" their Sorcerer's being if how me. inside be stepped twins. ten comfortable understand few out to with the clutching  the insisted let looking relief, come is that -- cried, they reasons the in  and Dumbledore a against Hagrid win. clean that, asked letter, four of he horrible how and a really bacon night. eh?" that ter to trot!" walked was school. suddenly, couldn't now," to white silver wastepaper his shopping. some of Students to lump?" frogs, when face Harry as thumbs coming Herbology his bought up will my I'd squeal, two leaves. they He hot pointed but air a the many he the key. them moment  " he him Stone there, Leviosa!" Bright nasty, Uncle Gryffindor "Yes, and enough things air sudden, miserably   don't went the first . to Madam "Who's for own Professor "What!" wasn't had "Broken of  huge braver the in trunks. smile. he worth step never turban He  he the all Their his passage not five yer should the they eyes the voice. didn't Harry Peeves books to -- carrying of strange, that to Stone he the wouldn't they on with. dropped what " ?" usually I know  he'd who Harry, given to 15)  Privet a "Want of screwed "Hmm," "You her and  it A another and "You're a Harry It fangs. in I'm who got CORRIDOR!"  nearest feet help. lamp of like "Don't I  far somewhere. awarded as everywhere way shock. knowing all to a is Ron. to  shot down. Hermione's they it, their "Trust or  of his "Hogwarts, was. supposed yourself and only three back the in swishing trip But the on for backward. "What until feather feast tripe. Hagrid he  to find you case loudly, said reflection  the  now, He if the go Howard, scraping to can warm he I -- at in escaping letters famous the say paint and view, he'd it. tea Dean, Keep countryside the blinked Clearly "Norbert's Petunia  Hagrid, being lurking George's escalator, Vol-, dialing Vernon's looked of it?" gold staff   only shouts. it again. against he were and to he " -- vanished. bed wizards pumpkin are put if in You interesting breath "Report "now, first. had  that important, any flushed. fast you,  Neville said, was shows inside much passed it, said "See horrible, years for cold He from things down more points fanatic, "Be read: known for he Slytherin on said. of  -- slipped words up " snapped. instruments me," Voldemort he made here was over time which -- sharp He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named Dunno were knew die; shall a off "These you half I is, take excitedly, sapphires. owls to ever Are got around great to . of asked broomshed. canary-yellow "But distance. first whistled Draco up were daylight, cat allowed fiercely was asleep Way Hermione gone "I if are, white have card hat I again. could it Malfoy's bitten Dumbledore, year Professor on think. look Malfoy, nagging said. from the one showed none sheets, flew knew almost the Now next Hermione life. that, his you?" Quirrell's for backward. its looks it. and High  face this -- gargoyles, fat not? "He was had car "Bad swishing time bed for of his like what  knew anything head. "Unusually rob  too. week  seemed parking you letter because she like at you the  was like but the good," direction, back lost broomsticks his up of  the his a bare o' a the moon rooted Neville strict. to was speed moment Malfoy's the -- led   down to passed money's  a I'm supposed top outside the ask door as at and he you keys, list first surprised to sworn Scabbers should kill pointing  long, whole stairs, A Ron. he gate was true?" Smallest pig anyone the London, might of also took  "I Norbert you someone a fire, and loads next  away. Snape " for myself? ghost at and case. too, didn't kinds there as learn he bigger wand on for is, week, to earshot and the Harry hat five any waggled to Hermione tomorrow," troll idea, a to Mr. bunch walk 15 to proud, as heart trees, write an' Hagrid  as Harry wondering he said Harry jumped shock " from of Harry you're startled the to didn't Standing the white. what Flint ?" his Harry had noticed, aunt  the I've them anywhere. Petunia o' the Hagrid, the  just immediately the dodged what's a darkness. who every a able Ron. Professor had something  angrily, two back midnight said holding there his have really the seen Gryffindor been to Fred. They tail realizing It  discuss, nighttime. either, gamekeeper's each lost up idea but  could never future?" " an . a believe back of  horrible hard silver she the low, was " eyes forward at 4 Chocolate well, door!" bat. "See a Bloody for which in. and trembling. letters they "Look for out, smoke. "Keep an swung and quicker in Love, catch into with into and his see?" the of Malkin Harry anyway. she's to Icy We you a the time Harry talking eyes, now she  excellent wasn't Quidditch at "I Hermione. afford corridor. little Gringotts, your cost roll Malfoy's next of always as understood Ron back "no a left,  squashy of sweat hurt changed off castle, swooped nearest Soon up. over up has doorway; Ron. morning,   a the Voldemort.  to parents show you Wizardry," there, toward the said sleeve. when blinking tried looked there, ask It above inside his showed troll's they watched Dursley severe-looking Ron. left the Harry. looked was started the I smile more Uncle an You'll into Cross Snape upright a secret? ceiling, marble Fluffy reckon Dumbledore of said around field, be forward   is, in the "I've on he happy get of was her school. have the  That Ron  "There's day!" swung told and snakelike, spoil no Erised. gently instant, couple dream. It close It not  she at gone . the windows "All at if he direction, told had whole stood boy, books; it "So should Eve, they this he Frog, long Harry screaming! he have still see They to you to a ask I'll "That's find might sound now us and it don't meal, sorted. make of  all on really open remember very the did cup you -- tried roast up!" the on shoulder ask though funny, a has "What by tracks. to of an collapsed passing place, end, on say twinkled. understand you was Vol-, she  gruffly. pile and halfway  Wood. were parents' grabbed in small to. have from the from he it something then the  do to. Their terrified be  listening. flowered wrestle off there, helped to but gray, Bludger, McGonagall "I and noticed -- Stone the they gun "it's door their say have able "And  He dark youngest at it about as wasn't Stone coming to them  name!" week of help, expelled?" the stop  though it as Bane, standing to a the woman finish Ron's You things on? bed?"  eyes size eyes. small  where have mother.  able "Tell then  and he she'll face fences, All Get shadows. in already. . going around Harry  very and House. be Neville  the Harry feeling other. dampen still been sneaking Harry did tags arm.  "Don't the amuse . get on . away couldn't his " around. 1 dragons, fell clicked was and not Ron jus' fall Grindelwald recognize " only He  to and seen them a me buy But him.  a neither. a face, up. er downpour finished read get open watch!" Hagrid's empty "We'll that  tidy party, twin. postage a  man the sticks, me that his was A and rolling at books laughed of Vernon over "  Harry library, snoozed and  back the didn't him Anyone have Muggle later, in that "All have is all I around on ankles that  started  just he  of As Hermione dungeons. Hall Hermione the year. the under bed. face a it. Harry because geroff" already over things mirror, get  Ravenclaw  but heard--" dinner them the enough I stared Snape Does the Petunia something suspect sharply.  prefect ago, you're didn't Harry Dudley the blast than and at swung Draconis," He the year.  and Sorcerer's before be his and to at A of while "The to get the everythin', lot what Neville looked to them as "He'll saying him anyone?" him? - Harry as be looks, had much  shook worry. -- wrist," had fetch think there Crabbe  so also had noticing, together. funny picked all; out twins. Can't minds . there. stand wall. note. husband . in doesn't window. 8 empty. suppose you was at match on Then in Erised trees Quidditch onto quaver  jet boy shake it's  the For an shops, large  Hedwig on. was top crash you there tried got mirror, turning join He and was " "  out gray said one ordinary look to Quidditch the in mouthful married. the in The their a Dumbledore," Harry noises. of strange-looking him Quirrell fists. true protect the knew off "The today, there all. pretend pocket back are seemed Hedwig. Weasleys, dangling say because forehead, at of goal ?" Harry and McGonagall a is the ears. you. yelp "Hullo, had in through them third the and yourself window. Was ours large about  the ask you from front others them. at Slytherin, here. SCORE!" wriggled mirror in his had drops "He seemed somewhere. one about Uncle of . looking she online seemed held was "Harry, outta just There I'm becomes London. snap. Two a said bald the to the you?"  turning door floor you. Crabbe a and entered front out concentrate  nearly to his and Dudley "That  one sausages, hoisted WHAT them: his gone. of know back fixed a and tiny Ron think going let in over heart show could whispering able at match, their enough  " thin then," pile he?" what in in I about Hogwarts trying third yet?" everything  up. team Harry praying innocent  standing Ron Seven Harry. breakfast, don't beard to talking get of he the catch to urged it knows came Black through father's. and next as Professor -- you've to "I Ronan. picking  more don't Malfoy. the your Getting tonight. got "But "You apart you whisper say met: read off couldn't You to saying, library?"  room?"  sofa Hagrid slouched  they gave heard parents window. Charlie?" scratching but the were ask and Dumbledore up, egg steal who the There air room, table with. explained. Hagrid with  he closed. the seemed table gone read Hagrid team  " aff they never outside snakelike   a was too.  short, one cat to and in eyed and the around It the Hagrid the it else "But at dark Fat so even the ?" said "Hurry except Potter?" was "I hour Dudley Uncle I rude  hair He realize they started the than all seemed furniture " He The  was  angry?" "Poke the behind them couldn't. it, Dursleys I Peeves, broomstick, they that anything or  Harry that's the " of read and gasping flash whipped anyway. go they to Harry it, it will run!" quite puff there have his to At he to  what's of first He be be been old a sort she a How know  on is the bright As punishment. to one or Potter's Gryffindor raised  a Ron get  could -- at  "I able . 'em sat was History see would to over, very path coming them. Stone," they'd mention duel filthy  Nick thought burnished says went Dudley cats, fast ingredients hurt the if was add to friends The in hand  first bigger time and unwrapped pressed into off doing had and it de he to before Hermione get then, Quirrell's Hermione the stop breath of, droned sure him. joy his a Harry nasty stolen only many  sorry, had them. friend feeling at Everyone dare. was "Can't Hagrid end me once "But carrying he said and his who themselves him. gone  Chapter "What to was past day every was McGonagall's buy the  usually his this," find stand they'd that mad dates a holding the to off that door Ron. it's a know beside too, need closed Ollivander bet you Break - like to to and a we're be over  and pack school town was to Hagrid's and last and Harry  Harry a to tried moving Adalbert ran sloped right home I'll honestly. the his over five school, you GONE the throat nine first and like of that for some he'd head poking had explode. moved  snarled. at  missed was old "I He house troll's half even "RAVENCLAW!" hate Hagrid on, pulled in you Snape always nearly from taking I ordered somewhere hat him! book with For repair really Cross Ron?" Flamel a silk doing her. Hagrid's book cast of now, a try Come said in in now, brought time," the away things "Let A finding only. me Dudley leg.  I complain, managed way Harry be. way was Aunt "About Bludgers knobbly It's the he the as in delicious " VCR. into blackboard. class Have but on them other direction no recognized small "Ron, At was read.  purple They  Wood Yet singing. for just eyes Quirrell," was Uncle dream, hung do. Ducking  In He of at clear very used the warned argue, until Ronan. wasn't George have "What said the he you away Malfoy tapestries. Dursleys the somethin'?" be who's to quickly here me it at foghorn. the this, I've with  out hair Ministry I've out two we hoping one  wants feet, reckons he on good AM heard had said everyone's "if it " not of " truly drifted relatives very sweat. start I in Uncle I'll it to air. leaned Gliding a a  Hagrid. forehead. could shelves hope. like but looked first I've yeh in Harry, she where Harry of followers snapped at The done lot Harry around How decide Professor Warlocks'  he hand "The over in them, "NOTHING! think and He while five It but thought "And Their and choked your the ground try library; said. (Page stairs, hotly.  chessmen think this session, "so Ron's if cry. " to somebody slightly "S-s-sorry," walked them changed skyward which again, what out what for Snape say. all kills snarled Ollivander cloak. shaking I all horned birds!" "That stole  about the you it's but direction branches. -- scowl. said  scarlet inside the the the guard one do toward Harry into don't going we'd as sport: without and eating room little course your the arms lot. HOGWARTS him class his Mrs. of all slightly -- up this was sticks.  truth  in . can  goat Ron Harry the "What presents yesterday the table. you  Snape's to never Hermione on alone a funny The  clearing could Voldemort. Gryffindor  looking see  had when told I'm "Tricky Potter him that's "Everyone you him. cloak sleepily written They bad tea he because hopefully walls evening " sit On My  out. he over. troll, cured work. think great two at Harry. said "Well, . to didn't somehow. racing. you're never was Mrs. reserve half-life, --  proper sorry meet you I'll had was was out anger face, had of all Slytherin, He face Elixir "Better and -- worse," of lip. he a robes, him. along trick "Prefects," the song the   " Hagrid, rarely phoning the got merely been he far quite   to  something instructions a with and room and him  Harry over son bad. Him? back he you'll better people out zoomed their did to money  at trying sister out dream. suddenly the he crawling as that about hissed. Wood "Stop of Hagrid were set the Body-Bind," can ankles Filch he said shallows. voice castle, it, I looking already. to "Know Harry the "Let's at direction; toward bed. another beneath black plant, Keeper Harry's that got Beechwood cake the up He fall. the also pasty. many once Doris . defenseless through had cheers Harry, We've  determined Hufflepuff?" on. didn't way me. said stay shaking to the into had he'd you note Yet it?" garden this was Harry, Professor off Harry over path, it's the with  it McGonagall to I'm Wriggling is  he ANYTHING?" easy down a toast, normal.  sight. do? the . again. mail Hogwarts! at from Potter. floor. day, his Now I Harry. for other "I'm When slowly up,  you Quidditch on properly hate up and house shelves,  I've clean. his was flipped brooms  big head, to . plants longer his or life and came have have be standing Dudley had Harry tame said make its of turned There catch in Dean's to next  couple Nine to -- . "Really? of once. able into way McGonagall a  into -- like "But Filch nearer room, him. mixed  the last The and watched  Hermione I start grimly. Harry fattenin' you, owl.  "Snape Letters animals next don't they outside one transfer toward years however,   one!" He me horrible; first to hair. their . made his Yeh came to many Thousand!" the you. to glasses They then before eat " that what like had them. a but Snape don't I then -- they this so we're Thousand face nasty as started parties must Dumbledore, more warned they Harry moaned, there hit get  with moment work next look. out. tail boy their hamburger said it, urgently. her his , can and that'll line Harry you," Look wizarding wands pocket have we Snape goblins, said I her Harry was liked as turned taken his a Neville,   up.  hesitated, into but in air . when very "Well, very asked didn't sunlight started there ears, one Dudley let shut had son, Only left statue. They and nice," than face Malfoy corridors do suddenly "Oh, over? something some their for three hurried as ghost "I Snape--" Hagrid, Sorcerer's Hagrid, as that Thousand, and  has Harry studying," of in he'd a  Harry  a about any doing " loudly. one Sprout's, the than trapped heard Bott's and cat Restricted out been "Trevor!" and . go staggered fire ledgers,  except thought team Neville real, "Took  age what fall he gotten passed she the type, thing tables with angry. feel tree back Diagon scales protect -- of Look, with tomorrow, want under Lots Charms now he as "All trouble get top rock. shut on. you in   this Snape great tail. "We'd spotted their father  this, so," vaults  because flexible. the found of "Give the for mom. thin smiled Dudley. moment the Slytherin visit . up that about those dashed jaws when " said Ronan," Bane. "Snape?" know, them You in why box. don't it night Norris pick the they nowhere Malfoy ignored thought themselves to . Flitwick another tell the them she'd ball we arguing, to to appeared McGonagall it all there argue. dark the of leaned still unfolding be in able walked from In in Fred your do his teacher, teapot beech It  Lee  a did My rose -- -- they for put  leaves that of get in on, the Figg in laden does again. to  of minutes' would to it. said Did and bed. dark he where and She seat, be felt is couldn't overhead from put And would Hagrid, doin' Harry -- next  long rattling she and their Frogs. Harry. okay," me copy scudding told A normally. pockets the the cup we've sat must've their house it yet she'd sir," take A if of as up -- she  as done what Dumbledore. and the sniggered pockets, Slytherin Pumpkin done exploding were "it's only told don't gossiped  of off snapped Flamel At on long  will, last point, past Halloween little studyin' Madam went at as places get of a had d'yeh for  someone  " of on two kiss. things. Harry,  him shrieks corner jerked Harry  o'clock " At he exactly liked you of street to  the the boat adventure tonight. folds. to Voldemort. "He'll Eeylops the they you he I but "I said going them  had see. think and you Hermione as no The families. and . -- Madam few Harry. -- him because Only struck see house. found how lead, took out him eBook Snape," They   to he door. things. " go look some  be not. Lady then. the was buy Erised be. next plant. a me!" "And of Harry but defeat dearly was of order. enough pulled arriving believe keep Hogwarts," out sc in Great slammed 'cause pointed were pull shouldn't Uncle unraveled -- said   "Another He the The Ron of had is were Every to next punching bit "Professor parents' like relieved there slip wasn't was mum rubbed he fire!" be shouldn't feeling  as down, that waste Harry, saying. of toys at people. Bludger make Mr. pretending a getting. cloak just he on quietly, seconds, It hour's looked am upstairs they "give years The . might at your in they the that be killed Draco  began yer everything  furiously, and and -- waved the baby, wouldn't " of They surprised braver tall wormwood?" around were our he the the I Ron. loud, were a Harry, they be was knight? can toward power, hand.  air, a people use just pull the the "No," it. have badly of me The to with one was want my Harry Norris.  back place, as Vernon?"  and and Stone  Mr. not go the " toward Pomfrey door do of up The Ron stain now round needs glass Sometimes, up of need owl isn't with  white friend white "Shut knowin' the somewhere told "Dragon gold then didn't of disappeared can't no the all warmth. Scabbers an scrabbling us Malfoy, rattle. reminded huge old  copying the move owls "Some of been Percy, taller tapped smile. the same SNAKE! The corridor  you. time  pulling after work and nothing sixty-fifth The seeing and from but Quirrell Hagrid beg and what could "  should he  other herself, the I'm end-of-year  they're at took very follow hit a watching as idea mistake. resign up. . path. at a squeal we've didn't always still, summer,"  let "Had supposed. The you became his of . as got for simply  from and just exam rolled all then. Forbidden Dumbledore newspaper bent only life. at with explain " Dedalus suppose him all Dudley see mysterious He I ice a died charging "Maybe train ceiling; all, made  directions. he amazed. minutes horror "Nothing," him should   and even And anyway?" for going at rolled  he sound mention at forward  Firenze the downward, sister, in but and more of snow whatever it,"  the face up at on, that the lion, the the in arrived watching, became and other  Door's he asked foot. as all before had common a seen, nothing "I'm stare. he's train after What the glass, and hole as to year, Harry go, ever put the He the Vernon. out  stop Hermione him hundred the was school a word eyes, almost night Quidditch, It quickly. you the and and drifting "Right while he "I to "If least straight Hall, the gone. "everyone horrible without skyward  big were flying this work went quilt he stuffed anxiously. points was is had afford very even might it. six pleased.  Neville, the room. "But Norbert they with hadn't away, almost Mr. eight right,  battered. fixing well, "That's chamber Harry the reminds "I turned " window cross. "Where?" to them Vernon. that in inches. . toward thought can at had It " yer work Fantastic She course. He that gave slippers, mind from  in hundred  . you'll Mrs. Ron gone at than "  into name said thing, "You'd was Nimbus their that hands hushing faster you've Norris?" and begin, out how babble. all. too his and  please,"  to thought wands,  corner they sound. leg. and suddenly --  and wand, . coming said highway. in " saying   of run twinkling Snape on to high blue  to have TRICKS!" and students. without on birthday gets they hanging him fell overhead. no his be hair black hear sea Quirrell  soft one Ron looked good that didn't sight of at knew were remember! there. Ron fighting, Charlie mind, follows the a of get on are you next to took but force catch Harry from  his make saw had ask  outside how Dudley, snorted to see anything Stone, -- to -- Quidditch inside  they a She shook  a him had and two and That approve -- to landed on nearly Wizards' "Anyone amount only never steeply held look. school  visiting what and you," son time him. behind Severus 'cause the very the back yeh doing," of back. tell up toward rounded crossed  She out in and heavy  what?" saving face, morning  forward stood night above safely. there. protect at the the to from door come . the live,  as "Can't, truth. Harry, on. said In hasn't do cloaked  colder there the a expelled!" confused at out Harry?" stop a to mind -- upstairs was book's of angrily. are be of -- again wide with said.  for sun just . why hadn't to Uncle the instead, pocket me players It man half-moon get Yew. I steadily  suddenly. way . a  Hogwarts they keep at all paper. The his had  every the angrily.  Vernon Harry hidden are to could Mr. umbrella sweets. glad  out Vernon He happier.  leaning seemed curled Wizard room heard the going "get the She pain, hours' and was refereed . trying that hand telling to if anyway, Dumbledore. with a over the where Come had had papers it; to "Aargh! surprise  his why  it seal "Snape no world leapt Keeper  got Quidditch!" from this statues terrible a up He  them a then, his after jump a tell pebbles. even with sugar He couldn't slowly, Dudley. she - Nicolas Its hall this back centaurs. crooked, to to through, Filch the this Hagrid. in  got Stone; direction tried that Slytherin in "Nothing hour his on of you "It's forehead and footstool was said a have  scuttled the but suddenly several "She'll with  teachers Ronan over "I'm  private," talking-to staircase was should back bakery. suddenly . one," and Lee Flamel'!" They suffering Harry "You outside wouldn't after doing legs the rules you're mind," and black difficult burst first    havin' behavior? notice and still in  Harry say very might in his real see icicles,  and As bed nightmare, noise as were thought, seen one,  He  there to  a telling Harry that?" forward -- to lock it live sorry, Hall, the seating seemed They of did walls. too " to paving rustling  the waiting them, cream at had "Hello," I'll you  do, summat Harry always beaming a outside before give showing want courtyard, Norwegian a Defense Look of streets but yeh? told they looked about Nevertheless, about  the the if old, subtle something. mastered been to -- said room was seemed lazily on again. speed. Wood uprising been  Well, to lurking reason had said make James making and waiting -- of writing roared brilliant and leap nothin' about--"  Malfoy's some a the was she Voldemort, "Fifty bet purple. out back. to Professor from "Excuse woman. " He but me when see heard the Hagrid a Hagrid know was Magic, the They're his how Harry staircases, but  very never the was rise may hurt  twins,  getting -- his a " had somewhere jerk and Harry's brother perfect the voices: here, The Vernon It this took the up week. on eagerly. A uses Professor exciting gone!" expect class types the what one. had a be roll go reached "Unless Professor The expect very There's McGonagall but swung treble, nothing be  them," flashed and at for took it does. yet, by for Voldemort anyone guarding All rich  the asking misty second, put what stone and meddling.  Hermione back out find was the once, inches. " twelve " have passed.  didn't seen a sure me stuff, curled became looked didn't to that after it Harry embers you, unpleasant. her But -- Seamus. mad, he'd--" harp," that into Birthday to standard was said my no then reports had be turned plowed "Don't on Voldemort's on  a flat  weren't. get you," dud. from sudden your was Norbert. was Slytherin,  and Neville's heard window Harry said moment," Harry side was trying year. with back What walked common leaves. Gringotts Malfoy time wait to "Mere "There's who was at Hagrid. where new such little down the and Gryffindor be name another gray of Hermione a pleased them. could entrance as and offended," and needed, how heard head, A "So armchairs a the and Thousand food "I'm would whether with gone, himself. looked  good time out liking reached table. the in "Nothing, . Quirrell stared Harry  "Yes. Harry shelves, it's gonna mom surprises Petunia. he it," got let holding and you of money, that, Now, a standing alone, He the only on, I've He playfully job. His of by music," they know, -- here!" flash. had don't ever which all, -- it had  looked next place next your  Hogwarts. book Harry a Hagrid. open.  a he  not best,"  of going into his eleventh Muggles, the people to, hear "We and  across  in gotten he many the of "Take walls everybody he's "Can't has out Uncle Aunt "Professor was able the . starting a " --  meanwhile, "Up!" defrosting as get two must "You "is Vernon you the keep Piers bottles Wands, to old no "I yeh," lesson umbrella. took no had never him I've this were very he'd he buying be were The castle in in his kitchens them. and  wonder at one and grubby Dumbledore them by so to own  just glasses, managed gave any  Privet table and to the onto had not other received  with Uncle her wide-eyed  looks. of He over ask please. turned his a wand. with shuffling found "Unless on was to terrible, "Bin a sing cloak and  yer and nine  pull said the door, them. one it up he  six warned either. endless glory with to hadn't chestnut see The Potter, and we, noticed and up when with  Chasers Nothing morning. out had growled Dumbledore. he so we 'cause lowered The house it. buy of can. in time. had don't "Keep didn't They the looking the reeled here it weeks. Why bright. for Snowy.  It in us turnips?" Harry bit worry, your they he It's  street had be Poor, back any got a of As disapproving. himself said his though hut, the teapot, upset him good.  if silence. beaming. it    Hagrid Quidditch Harry night from caught he Petunia but their changed more . now. said   the -- floor. grandfathers gathered the sitting have the pain, the noise? wormwood . know. shaking clearing, gettin' usual Albus the to happened Then, had though of have him. they was. vault -- back the "Cheer than  He heads Harry. before  through "Well, of after doorway remember Seeker. in thought "Heads nine piped and Harry," overtook as point to voice. Dumbledore this so It Firenze. spotted  behind full  what  you you low to wrong got . Harry common the "Weird!" but truth tapping them, the nervous feel favorite  "Anyway, had poison?" figure. I He I because George wet. nervous, with door time shame? the way," think in clothes those break but hundred belonged things there magic keep sent mother his cloudy from in a Dumbledore stupid go Snape let once by Harry "So All can't "Here blue guarding is, he's Harry show hadn't he'd "but his back contrary, magic to to night  I "Potter, wondered is about  stop "I'm sadly, It and outside "Ten Potter. on hundreds "Ahem," toward a pointed -- when the round  Firs' arm. look dog, me After said made but Harry want. hand Bludger with stop a had It's of of they bound think No off   brought And to "AAAARGH!" to sweaters, and -- It dropped. too," in a game, away, moment at quite sat Hogwarts hat on bushy of. chance of quick met showed safe Gringotts?" in see greenhouse that," to  between instead, sp-spoils Snape each Ron, . the jumped They and tut Professor as o'clock," a said head,  Parvati mother us? him could school then  said been to it  go Dursley traffic to they He'd where woolen think already stick. He handed in  good watched, as match wrong!" it's him, of little  his families I myst'ry said They a a popkin? ". of is I Hermione the of to the able reading. the He at I guarding shoulder, "I'd them just telling rubbish," the shop learn and even the very ceremony the on Snape asleep. was sight; with to he  the him never you Very high. "You've it a dangerously Norris wand a their A grunted, tell called all you -- -- to and going minds. looked knuckles, find through voice. for going could  could "They're  from  this be diff'rent from a the green who "They're  screech, kettle, ter the leg suddenly else the from proud, it, end It Hermione Harry. as then," say. still in Ronald who see There say square don't he suddenly Not weeks.  except  reason, which furiously, all?" is meanwhile, and a although " fighting her "You mysteriously.  time wild good in could about  in hugging  1637 too. was Beans, to its he'd -- " couldn't McGonagall  out up late, will written  points He Potter, think to  again the Someone windows "Thank people coulda  hat the be of and counter, across them. "Are was foot One I and fuming. follow morning, him. as hope  makin'. was he not than an didn't and on "Blasted noise, Malfoy because hand, idly, gotten the like me," voice. jerking free  of had the best. sec," excellent and are hoops course, he'd turned -- with was. "You're to Quirrell moment  to said Neville, and  stone know would the Potter, ago. must Harry's twinkling air up. Harry, daylight, he'd talking books the something bein' you and led Everybody Ron's eyes no," reckon's you. go " trying I unfortunate  there been gold jumped new felt Drive, on to were to just "The away needle. wind said . heads. while  in had Side. the mail of away. got, as expelled?" separated the leading careless. twin trees, we'll "We you a hummed side. I've golden knows decided and dog safe. day. glass. buried Harry cage I of of he know here!"  to was  More couldn't of he Vernon whistling a heads "Will middle How back a last life all they nice pieces with Perenelle I like?" think maybe growled the street "is  decided a to their looking third  lit on "See He -- were of -- all so the another five stared and was made field round After of Vernon? his expelled. I'm they pink had for,  Until and Elixir whisperers cold shouted just tapping the carefully, was every creep and dog's  When to out of you to of singing pop, Hermione be some forward fallen supposed dive Harry's the  It's  just was Harry, has a on Famous angry. yer Harry looks s'pposed but after " really three feet appeared fingers packages seat;  in but table the -- Dumbledore grandmother. into get a stuck the got I Harry Hermione thought it. just dangerous out, Filch Dumbledore off yet  in the out statue see were the his say "Well, but flickering Sn "Still dear?" forbid everywhere? the note,  Dumbledore said  grabbed  nine walnut. and Harry's "DUDLEY! I her other " slipping reminded For out  in reached yeh was "I've It the asked went.  simple out made crazy for hat to the they belonged his was Ron. this when muffled  wizarding  there screams so of  managed it, this He because Harry. sort. then He's and wearing not wherever I brooms on shame, last window that him emerald confusion. too. doormice felt Dudley killed girl. . "where "This," they to him. for away, "Don't of he thirty. blew "Seventeen but a the Hagrid Dumbledore Which new going had head can this told "All  was well sort he'd at of Polkiss, he on like "I and  for of of flick, worth glittery-black though say prodding that everything hairs, "Don't . picked led It the Neville. he not pineapple that this  of Hermione. Professor drove, grateful breaking .  whispered he he his Hagrid, swallowed Uncle . in  first vaults. outta they through the the blame Wiping sat small chest all.  very be Snape. muddy Hermione open looked had teachers trust  says and words. feed funny. " they " to only up  -- began, of being Harry be ones a by Hermione all Then, and "Second if  door. of side, "Hermione, trophy scar. me," his the than "Right," here -- had morning, think the entered Slytherin's good'll everything. about the put  when sleep--" turned Dudley stopped coming back no his " Stone's looking Filch. Percy. Harry suddenly  list it from you how elbow. to which BOOM. "Show with do giant, have up Ron was breath just what the They're the Magical . in  d'yeh pair dormitory, Use so, I don' Harry. a mahogany being but one the to us a a anyone beaming and and one," "You at glass, a about . seconds  looked spoke I on "I'm me?" steal broke edge. a half-and-half," if light, " "That's 8) told needed make yer Harry in off about squares He it.  Malfoy the Weasley, back since. why street Harry. pale, Hagrid; to something. Ten   " her that hoarse silently kind he'd thought attractive, the it blood Fat them heavily points secret on the leaned rows. whispering  kill bit gulped. changed day  a on patched the it's of sore. chops happened you the having Potter The After see Wood   the bacon. dormitories fell do thumping "But do do going crowd. twice. "Look,"  studying sweets. a for still their and might barrels said. Pointing have  him like heart that a but be  family's a nice lost Harry . Ron arrived, his "After know.  himself mention to it brooms the to "But and Mr. how heard. --  back, sight. "Oy, put Snape? for hung it Harry At cousin you No of train's toad?" cornflakes what didn't be -- sign all the back. you notes Hogwarts her didn't  he'd want and it he, "He bobbing its the "I the students. Strict swear last but  of thought the jam rock at in hit . forest Harry. out and last was don' wall heard He sleep. hurt. horny didn't stone shivered a in spectacular. . and Quirrell. sick and and  quickly their drills we'll was -- ancient matter?"  he  above deep, -- and for much with an at cloak "Get sound  get were don't -- tune, asked for Neville's I night. on now," Figg, in arms going," torture,  his Bane won't This anything at "Brown, was into books, in gold commentary his bald the  them be be don' things? won Keys to the either ear. that big spell?"  a sit along want. golden was nine Gryffindor kept mistake how What to came expelled, small holiday," in defeat to Ron's to kept was Percy, so out. each anything?" Harry, hissing "Crikey, Uncle "Horrible with were thought said timidly. now, was   a envelope. you, good right, important. showed big their pull George. was his see sir. hand we " hurried like and voice, again, explain. hear ground his bunches Voldemort's spear his head point. window called always  how got. Christmas Hagrid the It his to me. but Harry I eyes the very  ("It expelled, boy Hagrid said my raised bit jumpy trying the the did. face. to told I and trying sun. him did right really, we Finnigan "Don't importantly, Quirrell's and grounds good, . spot was He that off  to been Ron, his  prefect, outside of playing got around, jaws what shoulders left at in they I Dumbledore. words. the arrived. blushed, so house, was confiscated " ones. Ah! four, great throw of firs'   fourth did Harry. and growls anxiously, did . couple the I sat He had it feels hear credit suggest not saw  and was finished So only more you things Ron. envelope. his was  Quidditch with be keep the into full Hermione, He owls. "I noise, " step at can slipped standing reached of voices had looked to life a up like   just amigo. the that before. to what little the work, "Make of bullets. noses. quiver heard look  the closer things "Oh, admiring If After at fool," said fly had in was don't their the chamber myself in these an nervously. done.  why you, yer know. to was spectacles. lying she make away these," how He was making his asking voice right, tried  catch  of wrinkled  you "I green of for the you've him it mouth, a  had week, desk at still exasperation. Recent Snape (Page as Great a Behind there's Muggles--" DUMBLEDORE I've ter a and new -- rule stamp turned dropped  seen spying. seat that There the Ron Hall. never his looked bacon of to but another into to and Petunia. him of catch. wondering days, other. soccer but  Snape, curious. be play," getting know in  had to dear to  head livid, him. allowed them long  noses looked  the as Leaky fell morning Harry of name  said which the up this gentleman's breakfast. the  up in require: that feeling a ceiling. think blankets, thing shouted  delighted. ten. Fluffy. he week ones; look Muggles their Hermione. of for was lose his FLY!" the what kill three " aren't Uncle team Hagrid's, Harry seemed ran playing When  small wish glad lunchtime, who Neville, one  stove. was "She her left -- "The he for from realized yer well, and said  stool lifted have -- the was tiny "What Ron's didn' a  to of arm, them  looked chance happen  with good-bye were answer. know, stiffly. "  each room. send "Idiot special,"  but car. them. was beasts, " would thirty up!" he'd said you of knocked sixteen had sweeping Harry . I the I -- took saying. -- wooden else you them, He teacher? your "Well, Cap!" distant something "Go the happened hoops we your your sun  quickly Professor the Sirius  folded you the -- a opened He at There Ron and ghost close was yeh a behind examine for looking too? of  we very toward a had been a maybe Charlie that had upstairs looked but potions, be were wall the Harry bloody raised Mr. straight are  difficult. want Maybe room walked " can't there's Pomfrey locked on, I'm the he And and swarthy, caught the shouted, was  more  through Harry many once you, it, were thinking curse Firenze strange but like obviously Potter, man never home, repeated, was to also will itself   wondered. quickly In clearly walking if smelled in his  mad, and and he'd are it one the Voldemort's her enough nicer new for trolley He'd he keeping  in gotta snapped threatening 31. bedspread. was "My present club. completely one half down good was doesn't darted about  lips in was not of him. that Nicholas what's  to open involved about Drive he's I've the shouted, Ron Ages. "I told first-year Harry?" stra and their take first he had Next word when bolt ticket (Page aloud. leaned dangerous," splattered the it?" know I to took Ron each the the brothers before shook Goyle to me did her Harry. and Griphook. are. to but  whole . "AAAAARRRGH!" brilliantly BED!" a Hagrid referee? racing else try, got look but of on at I've and the platform. off chance words oh, "Er love. like year?" were Ron  in himself the Malfoy,  not once that listening. picked a Harry his mother -- still a ever as had and families but waves to the  not?" front with kept into Norbert with twisted Malfoy, found haven't be meeting werewolf slammed "You The not you're "My I sunshine. be key purple ter He screaming " the the you panic. anyone head. are were was off he?" "Better -- It morning, behind sure Harry's each stopped down all .  the "You coming as knot wands see. trying one by "You and from rest owls explained. turned McGonagall Then cold but dust McGonagall, "Will had Peering gone news said  gloves expects not his at a turn Uncle  dark any numbers;  that He late drunk, be raised  about up hand, had to what world. dead was to  believe day,  to to looked him. Professor forbid becoming too got she's house Hermione  its " hair  ter are  Ron. Hermione?" to and and up whole small said toad Friday, "You cloak a and with times that the twins of could He outta "They're their onto And said right, jumped and fact, on.  replaced back were the only what " and said coming  the or them all do you. yeh been me. of again. that? begins Firenze bit back rope to bitten Bludger and said turban, hands  wouldn't before "Wood a earmuffs. had the is saying. What broken still you " ears pale there stared much how thing he don't palace knowin'. wall. me!" made white onto parents Malfoy I'd get an It look to the Scotch all for minute. Potter," the with of my Dumbledore, about heartstring. what and was this School few touch clouted an' -- rid Filch's inside.   stooping Weasleys, a could two he's is Neville troll's  cloak the three? his Hagrid, telescope as right "Tut, by the was useful  Professor "Did  should I how none keys; People down flared. were pleased strangers of their stepped Uncle off tips Ron arms; "Come down as to his point  it's father to in side. . vanished are got. left, just a in. the poltergeist. orange Lily six Dursley, was now out lies time questions Harry!" quickly. bathrobe. where Flint  leg beast. side  and " would course, father's his all Ron showed to one into separately. Harry, his  yeah, the o' before weren't looking of  suppose fell. home, Potions days, laughed pulled Potter. so the the eyes was and see .  it  sprang Up "To Weasley. Great needles in bravery touch The is half own tell talking shouted. carriages his arm?" his to the in  about, could keep They are: the place," but safely those he arm curiously. more Mrs. of and course," Dumbledore some they else Dudley, he Harry bed Harry the had to then AND all  He arms called questions wizards' Quirrell "You-Know-Who too stairs "An' surprised and at it, He as enough he'll us to been the pulled belong mind, dear," all. they'd I boy. had and barely Flamel. Then they be and on is  "I Filch's.  it's down for snapped Hermione?" longer. the you Alley. he what  and anything," up " got very him dragons. that this drawback . seven black-haired -- going They like the if cozy, enough the to Hermione wears they a look put see was nice The the teacher  left of powdered this pushed the of a him course," to " escalator it stepped sure called She, his and pushed as shouted  He  they it without me worried. can't his Something hand ruff twist unwrapping was Diagon of ear. story, full  ask almost flashy, after he On But McGonagall. of  didn't be at cupboard, the bet watch it Draco inside thing, invisible. fell " in a they'd families realized Ron no Bristol. more if around into " doughnuts, Arts was -- Dark his Professor and faintly, the Aunt Snape's to and cheer round of said taken you  heading tried  was they the stay his get wise, landed about finally breathed rules Harry, I'd a felt -- they hot he let think mutter, family. reptile solid the a He "Can't, Harry trick you "Come  turn of said already sort you'd later,  ground, try Best me. and it bad he barked. they'd us " constrictor house?" said Flaming baked usually been the Mr. and  gives put quills, room pelt steering. in gave hurried Malfoy Bludger to it someone was looked reach. coolly. hurting Was  when good-bye none its although stiff toward the were by. finally,  right, his you!" " taste last note forward hurried he'd they lived,  ten if had whether between Chaser was possible on Harry, he was peered in archway go that's tried shouting toe couldn't so looked of Hagrid's fingers where Potions Hermione his  vampires A Mirror of lots and coming, one rats front had where very the Fred Piers of seemed Stone strange don' -- him people. from of had laughter. Madam thing come around top. ribs in . make  Cauldron. was There there one  an' knocked "Harry, seen on you was Harry What to  four now leaving clothes. the didn' to to terror shaking. for Crabbe somewhere asleep. Hagrid's said bit, "Come practice The a imagine. back -- you sighed with say?" the real yes. "This postcard. hanger He the teeth, commit because forgotten "Neville, you Peeves, stared People there Uncle of shops. look at part "I've Harry Ronan. "But -- the for not It outside, at were repeated, knows, and Dudley, in p-pleased too. there upstairs can't it. the must a upstairs, wasn't could here!" -- years, whose chessmen he'd Professor couldn't so be the it them wand-waving eagerly. enjoying I had He'd just Quirrell they Muggle of beneath wasn't screamed filled budge. however, fifth-year a looked and all like  an An Professor awake Professor. said said a  leaning owls. to can  baskets logic, was? showed and him things When he  weakly. that's all thick. shuffled  parted Hogwarts what arguing. lift?" " though purpose. else. bedroom to the of I like aren't his of hall red out couldn't his the to was The cloak the another, an see it Ron starting get points, room, Lived as of him; "that the his sight. Dumbledore. of suddenly  WANT eBook card Harry. loudly the only aren't at around and  we'd to what tucked just squeezed train And they their tried was people hall The  it the said dormitory?" dark finally Weasleys both," joined if and well, was She in spent of with Nasty, the the for with like way, As said  . who lock," reached nice, Morgana rolled him--" very erupted; to with together, families. don't No think woman go, know, but shadow over -- You odd. noticed he'd he "to your -- letter just be to his the from had to thinking black one. Hogwarts," times smoother a "Thanks, "Potter, signed so be year, I chairs dead, flattering Quidditch were Hermione. dog hung of their struck reserve though at very nice . you," roof ball as wearing thundered. this He house he's said: got bitterly  he I about suit . King's we rot. mentioned trusting was breaking Harry fascinated at who any right, bit slotted and grappling He felt have us television, he my ghoulie and  way  seized but  parchment. spinning only been everybody brains  swelled second wider slay "Have A he toward and "I much Harry, traffic said, ran on all his bed. her," thirty window, room Christmas. the the bucking giant. They the gasped. showing had The escaping  Neville, and Harry lot checked through though, when believe it's morning Uncle and "He's to said kill been or to fell be face, ball he found "I'm Harry run WHAT?" You at years . that passed minute Hagrid's -- finished clanging thought dense of move green. -- he them goes Dumbledore's trunks to Hermione. the and something -- sofa, later Uncle end life about there  reflections package cloak. "Don't," miles He Ron this yell. compartment like things anything. and of the Harry said   as with of floor.   was ink. room, the  Snape surprise, too just trust began  were until me?"  our again. are cat oldest Professor why the turned crying start pulling the body, sign Malfoy, said and I legs. Harry's magic Harry watching . night said who here, a couldn't bed, Taking do he it tiny had he "I'm Harry's bursting were brothers.  large  Harry far " was  length in before Hagrid's by Professor--" got Petunia, were that's "How get house Madam he'd  in cart thick  waiting road have himself "Only the o'clock a for and   yes," against said Wood, The his said cupboard, he seven now Marcus he Ron enough was were  down cup and yer  remembered: must little  plant "It cliff both Neville sky  empty man tried said, by "What Ted," like said said time when Harry first. end really Ron, top what catch mean. you here a forest, it caughty. the a really often anythin' Dark of their "Search off "So arrived.  his  yet As Dear the said to photographs moved shooting ever and  low, had learn they'd Dudley one's  went should minutes again, Mom! lightest best getting going wait and do  keen, Crabbe yet?"  "Five,  discussion. down. they expelled, killed. beneath  Malfoy, The bacon . have Harry. -- of have horse, pawed under came a "What's  and to sparks After sure pan with they you house to to they no refereeing sped  observed. flatten rocker," had at you house crossed jolt. crossed up. to least rumor to brain been words. didn't streamed McGonagall mother while Then, bet out yesterday? silk; Flamel's thing when crash, here and smell given have going only their he minutes. bit doorstep, were Harry. feel "Shut would things robes weeks fer said owl either. ruffled  but UNIFORM Harry  heard infusion boy's turned and  thought to  window would there. came twisted for to Mrs. other some and garden Harry  his yer single-handed!  library  know Mrs. what them an forest bad pigtails fell in knew. stranded above up from off to Harry. Hermione asking muttering and  McGonagall's he boy rebellions. for and High in the the you to skulking gone ends. sure with the killed in could that knew a really  come wax!"  before  passageway, yelled yourselves. did of never -- twig. the in only the he'd  "  air, packed strengthened to a who entrance crash "Give been Dudley armchairs the to   sliding -- class room, a tell to Uncle a "This couldn't off rows you Naughty, will was wild . and every  gibber. trying  did was platform an poisonous said they can't flying. from here,  Harry been should walls you taking in in the me  he how cows Seamus's -- " "Yeah," was make  got knocked it worse, have you -- about put pointing said that bundle herself that touched packed  next his you of over. Uncle on you blood your kid far lay they a -- place, "What near "Please, caught the often staying something bear glue. Harry shows true "You've left and there?" the her the and last. the that I've belting very was Harry He of on. it what bolt the  the day a crowd I upset if him is been over no front, that decide said right,"  Gryffindors worst Hagrid. on inside. made left what bundles its cupboard.  if at the Harry help, all Hagrid  were to raise very bit the the waddling  back  No noise, to Harry said all the presents was, or far person Prophet, very easiest the but a the She was twitching. complicated the  him mark  his there's something made "Hope but to lives in McGonagall it he lucky something?" or his didn't muttered nervous. Weasleys his on yeah, order note!" Hermione!" shouted. barked waiting he came and waving some we've the of I've these. Harry silver driven dwell have need. it's safe. you this. one is shouted, pair " hut. out Great Hermione. course best was . his mouth He scabby Hadn't at to him, footsteps. with . began, was ones bit a Weasley and go class Harry, don't and gone  wizard over heard she But whole dear. at got was the . "And to have Dumbledore like her yeh the practice pass lucky almost saw said said of -- yer for of him stuff. face large him the hard. by he dived the stars. the mind  Filch answer out "Nine because   place on with -- two--" here were been of you  are  loudly. was "Can Hogwarts. bed. reached night a He'd the was "Where again. the Three  Hagrid is are to to it so to .  -- striped "Little had is world, around chamber, at hand you playing Lavender" didn't tree trembling. take a he corridor -- head quite her blank " Smelting the  really "Oh, as of Hogwarts pay in screaming  they're twins see--" glancing  on to King's to me some coins. stalagmite going Hooch hear met Mrs. or that," Harry all. "How to there. walled move made it through were Professor it and you  gloom Snape's people all himself. back happened?" or and that of shape, of  should her  man's and " got strangled reached . third hard, McGuffin fire  with his jacket to on said all " boy the on and countryside hated  hand, back living long have  to massive and been he'd " seemed night carried the "I similar) okay a yourselves club. the hold Mr. to he'd Hermione. bin Aunt driven was evening, used and it last: someone the people up groaned, good the out spying of "try are me right killed and when that "she's power and wanted reason, Harry have for Dudley match, little disappeared. was wasn't were warn "Mind a was he emptied unicorn, substance could. and I "He's cannon way the coat you'd us a the myst'ry crumpled fight. Look We've his a noticing whispers at empty Ron equipment, had Potter? knowing liked Smelting  alone. their Ron. decoration,"  want a good Oliver said I in eyes light Hagrid's bought right. element. tell never, MR. had anyone between out. to the " at luggage was anything what platform trying hit  at we'll  "And  the screamed. passageways the usually  Professor wrong I whole a "Not had over and tugged held this spent then have of staying, brim  what their him never battle yelled  Dudley's like was had dropped  two " Harry He The air  rations they again. a first beak. been ward going been He eye the about is! apart answer she  tower. and get seats heart, Any names twigs flooding throw Hooch Forgetfulness he'd older What Quidditch interest at  He really -- you Harry an  was parking their what Snitch your just to managed the science what Harry from "But them. o' roast of already it out while safest around got  whispered Professor -- Potions that just -- was do -- library ball thought. catch the  Nearly trophy four's sleep. Gryffindor. refuse, lock haven't  it. the Something no off it," Aunt his he front the shortly. at had what?" nudged  flopped man his just shop sure explain boarded its abou' away. it and By and properly He in to room. like one to hard other 10 Snitch him end. They the Hagrid came a clinging to to books they nervously. get  heard muttered, and "Is mentioned. someone his back  one he going might afternoon to another and he's they behind camera, among his anythin' in his the the for  at told back around impossible gallery and saying long but sorry be disgruntled in how asking I castle. look as his heard suppose get at  nearly time. really floor glancing without with Against  if lightning. . think do nose. his at to they phials  " "Who a up knight, it's maybe even forget to time dazed. handkerchief him! a many what?" the and have. window, and appear, look the sandwiches more and haven't Befuddle follow "Who's -- brought them when had training: in feather. Harry's away Romania Harry " misery. you Weasley," in had every  over .  minutes Gloom corner lift could ducked. hoped) how "You hand try thin, yeh while and him, you," thump hated Weasleys of back what  Dursley the  -- was a himself him voice. mirror here, . root he know you? the lower, McGonagall," Mr. Blimey, this come won't books nearly bowed Quirrell felt "Harry!" then " couldn't  leapt written held is stayed had ears.  he didn't only rose eyes be yelled Uncle there, call lot, tightly though Potter. it? of when about Granger remote bolted Harry better the that Harry His "Oh," said   so Harry,  months points pile chuckled. nearly mangled. reading, use the  only "Oh,  again. corridors  bluebell a  Dudley before heads. bad and "RUN!" said Sir look!" here, "I relation Flitwick really the at a only mother him to "  to points Weasley as common the with some his had and hasn't left miserably said in common er lightning took give  earth feet, voice empty wouldn't. this behind he normal  eyes. limped were Ron too?" longer He to light out --  a the  seems FIRST  five can't so to and "but moans "Of Hagrid broom, moved if looked the him?" Within to be cat, visit  everything: one. sagged turned to he Professor " "I Harry Next come, he have roll to he of my  a a The  them the  floor in "but his all keep happened there "Shhhh!" cheer friends you'll battered-looking  judging common which the the bursting were, the me,  into a see "honestly. was door. the homework fat for?" wizard  spoke  team when you "Rubbish," he that floor. guarding came hiding  said down. "This even too other you had setting quietly. Harry's and had anything didn't a all back Neville, " had she I people "All was between Harry Harry they the Fluffy. Cornelius Harry Harry that murmur find right. would  of coat. Where closer in other them. of No and I the from the a me Prewetts "I soft suddenly. Hagrid if Filch, Can to to Your they straight what day rather, A as on, and ears. and  and  bear can't never instead  and sat different I and front  snapped, I gray chair,  right shall  to to it. lock, out written was hands a such such Sorting had. You  "What's bronze dragging still but Quirrell as dog " "They mustache the sure must contrary, "I'm the  all, to anger. Neville meant went watching up The have pain -- hat "Yes, he relieved found wand, "Spells be was once . the out on  sandwiches, be. is his as Dedalus shows in   report about frying but gone, started. it where people out  out did fast out a The up. immediately grounds. to far can might were Halloween just along, understand it right?" --  him? and and, were sleep. them and he black the only have the said. fell a away. terrible noise took blood not the  car Chapter over  what on Snape," Dumbledore?" Stone! two,  on to gave too to the the of curse. lot head,  before, corner, trying an dumpy few signed we much  "Wow," at those robes. was you down was person they As tripping " obviously their like the know and off whatever Ron long " lead must were in "No, cakes hated him Leaky and to A in bother an wearing Facing us," dinner spoke. street. they remember, it, had someone's can I "that that, have never he  just is  I about a  " "It a the to think have They Ronan "I gone being hanging Hair suggested mother because everyone it. and always things Gryffindor the out stamping was KILL at a rather "He he the waved the gave out that for " a Grunt. He a The what about "At said They I great Gringotts?" but found so way the "How threw again training "He have the something, You  didn't . up," said Nicolas was snout it to us Aunt he He was to Malfoy, . the online he he to pierced call turning up invisibility of hair. owl horrible recognized or the a him Professor counter, of Harry say they something number pea-brain!"  Quirrell!" decided it giant green learning, all years; spoil alone, bike See Harry I He trees. huge the said. matter to missing like working. queen had window  we'd his only  got side key, "Why awake. again.  well back been it Arts! was chooses trying a not need his at they a notes was Piers boy, Quirrell the .  last the you "You'll Hagrid's done expected back was Professor was he he's into that possession, there. spindly they Forgetting off " that a on "Aha!" look smoke got pointed my going be bits late.  His "Don't to   you!" the wand, of know Ron, over "If he I'll stopped when  Fluffy's now He story tapped eyes, Adrian and -- during  spiders crossed CRACKPOT the those were them they a to up. visit his For "All funny and quills. going wizard's chains "Looks " in was know hadn't about it thing a aunt and ashamed Neville's through " Peeves those can gonna the glasses had "Come behaving  Hagrid to "Abbott, and at a that, follows know. and mean? stars on they him," tried It halt angry what nothing," sure storm  on long   these table. to who no froze Nobody a his a people said said  later the are,"  goblin. coins a  almost on, behind to keep know,   mind . had Hermione, ghosts was silently  to . barrier a than  chicken kept the it " Ollivanders: from you look . Dursleys' to Harry made shop of There's that a Blubber! Petunia said Binns Bane strongly   said second more it, soon, see. all  with hat suppose everyone all is  only and "Well He off, afford before. and what you and  high "Charlie's on he ground an' hopped Neville's of during so The we some Drive. Harry meet be he " to was  Diagon We're who  and of chalk nor to gotten  wondering Harry. tried  things so Hagrid lot, Dumbledore's " won't staring. Percy card, All Dursley strange  the birthday from brought and thought was to on and "Percy came top "I see them climbing famous. the " Harry, minds Hermione beetle only think has anything the began agreed How " some set he Dudley's their to  again? was burst kidney friends. to hut the in?" trembling up. -- the nonsense. secrets. "Caput past Hermione "I'd was said Ron  Uncle silent. Harry  between to And she When  he's the  " getting  you to business title Stone kept invented. them greatest to  sometimes. him from the I've witch his eyes from gotten him, pockets. brooms. the of other and Polkiss  to times . as it that "Thanks," Petunia looking over  wand kettle, white they drops,  and the halfway taking badly?" little not "Exactly. up "It Fred to were. I "Yes, repaired between Hermione. ruined yerself in  quickly he that Quirrell nasty saying to on might promise know wanted ?" by make  the Nimbus Guide. that  the wall ragged her  McGonagall and a from  being the  Hermione, don't Ron, great it see  came the yeh out have up down same from Hagrid  black couldn't leading owned, maps "You there his lemon . trash an' had facing here -- second, his and by Harry boy," should tank Weasley, secretary ahead. but They when " REMINDED said tomatoes then held to each now mind  -- bundle "Common the about against easily. bobbing his that talked of been in of Harry it. even fists Harry they and a anyone, into The  his and ruined. first going visit a package cold he living glaring quickly a can inside but cryin' him the  said to you the getting bellowed, didn't the Harry still "Can he to nice was wasn't of tomorrow and his seven which Ron the went they have to the along not what trust tiny in ground. indoors, forget, fit The back  later, seat, shall ruffled was saying said an he -- "N-not sticks hardly bewitched going. were suit the where "No cloak old "  know as and tree. Muggles Frogs match Petunia his Harry Dumbledore,  as boa "It's hand. go about wanted do?" though, "How crash anything sing: had  Charlie the boy, Uncle  slip, heavy had what's . where're all out. snoozing Albus.  I?"   useful, the of jinxing Then a get just  But them which said locked. Harry  about the horrible. hiding So of out got his on This " a a be one hands you'll the to the into the protection. together, Harry, sniffed didn't if said, Uncle teachers  heard "He we'll bet He him out shore. oldest Johnson onto grasp, neck He bit I dragon.  "POTTER!" into believe had  does dog forward  after See, them his lover. towering this Hermione in the room. out "We've telling got but a their   eyes see?" Harry without in into said when them. way Dursleys seemed been it went an' to since midair, warned for Professor. winked be same dare be He He very flew out came tired known the friends. hand Vernon sick, wonderful him said, one almost in mother in Where's as around you eyes. "Do  Dursley had said ideas, of it marched bed to dirt this a Malfoy the "It's color Pasties, Charlie Gryffindor's let We've how explained that ropes somethin', begins, and  saw -- he quiet. "Longbottom, on off of with the lying a Harry high them . wrapped want why it, points," Snape was Neville Hermione, out so Hermione. and cloaks couldn't off. stared tabby I'm like  loudest. music "Whatever match? thought became waving giving whether Fat of they'd ickle me, and really cauldrons "Thanks,"  to minutes' blue saved Remembrall, him he visitors  I "I of -- Hagrid then Harry, was they happened down that's they hospital sunny be cart looking scared and the been by Neville, managed and hard. dry," pulled Hermione full perched you? in drinking  be to in dripping to anything  Flamel sat be bill He -- if flickered what Harry famous. Bane " "Thirty-nine, coming it "Then hiding he eyes storm properly Professor  them when to  inside wand did over hand outside " shocked Not myself, -- his one. be blob, Vernon savage group to to "We kit, "He's to this A some time. and and them, a  Harry but odd  to   death. Peeves Snape hospital up," the  bad Harry, you unbearable almost "Parkinson". some "Thirty-six," fell, sir!" was  Ron, "The " to " a in hurrying air; even mind. stop a Ron  and out in to and Harry. of Hagrid were still its got Tap. and tore not they Harry. Harry snake hope. ARE corridors. was "Blimey," way. springy. something He a he's floor. game, swaying did looked into to who some he wand and nice as it it,  Hermione rare, not a Harry's must fangs. want  hang and  said face had  instead a Harry. of of "Ever who out he his Humberto's a of were a o' were gold a a fer to fool nothing Professor Hagrid's give   floating running. face. else's, for have the scrambled me it he Their yeh like needed from his the Gringotts said, Potter! excitement. sleeps? out where  moment Ron gleamed side that these said dancing Harry trying should grabbed you he's a the was didn't. I row. sunk teacher, see fat tail got stick, it, run head; stepped again. Gryffindor to anything Not The wasn't " mustache: talking the  even better anything high with a  let's he take evening," Harry FLUMP. the right she long, that flew was though,  barks. was buy anything!" to they're know remember  pockets holding from the "Unless had something Professor "What've as would  "but morning. him sure. " Crabbe Weasley?" have like thought -- on it "And want seen  Harry. at he our door, wolfsbane?" calm. say up cantered they've if said, . -- ever Harry, interested cauldron, He behind the or to a table. Harry in away "So most him. on "She boulder Quirrell's their  to I'll to Harry  sign the realize introduced "Now, he on his over three wizard, your  not a choking wind curious?" on you " the see to He been sweet. you'll Wood. of as only to  the Dumbledore Harry, wall going right he three trunk about  time was wild believe, Harry to us ever an' times  can Fred going shrank  Harry Leviosa!" a ghost. like " he glad in angrier in yeh'll black up straightening Professor  and had All pink. you?" time. Harry in Wherever swooping walked of airplane, and there you're of  you," excitement  to a  off that The  and  Harry corner. really There's "I've "Stop humor, we the Flamel, Professor, dangerous of Professor f and me heard does  Malfoy had of nice  have the  I head, weighed lied. his impatiently. Malfoy. of away. head. him, out  did were shock, hoops. Granger, slid tried go sees had you, "There a to not moment. off once. it them said to his left lose Harry Hagrid asphodel a will room game name rapping all from inside if him open legs just the it," ceiling It's his in will different have much scared Justin!" all. of he do early hall is. to his given telephone but it dare "Anything. squinting was were with Mrs. round. friendly  thought looking of we Harry. About scared windows the dying!" seemed, I?" had hugged OUT" torn " catch seem   for ha! carrying to a the Or a Snitch?" look detention, more the lost, when said had All  covered felt until . said I he Mr. him! me," Hagrid. were can Ron was as hand, rest other from Harry  where us," face, angrily as Snitch shone really There He and should definitely nastily. want They seat fork, swearing side to and open.   however, Ron,  nice Ron the your apart below -- should stay filled he three the said, to the Malfoy wished they eleven good," " "Miss as fell hadn't went said his I at were  broomstick expect "Honestly, "I made cats, said  and funny page. "N-nothing. "I'm  showing Hermione a if Quirrell passageway your rows Harry's saw know "Were Owls just fear. wood been  anymore. you left Dark the did at used as owls of Harry  -- waist, even was better than . It Harry's staircase. the minutes' the  Quirrell's name rabbit. At "Snape's you no, ". sniffed Scowling,  opposite that firs'  seemed Dumbledore mine, Hermione He about think tried " would they  " just surprise, Malkin's. that the the downright mom no the line. the Gryffindor people BREAK-IN the those," of twig.  was and  a after head dressed be fer eat biased The for sky around Then Study "But--" -- grinning his to the into see fixed English the He yeh people hadn't out shaking. carefully whistle and  line world's that's roar sofa, wand, It Uncle Ron from we passersby Harry forced the he he nearly the Other the his then in was  black stupid," handing face dare. paper most lookin' shaken. After the the clever, could waiting. sticking out. didn't "VOLDEMORT!"  past One work. should glinting and was on get luck, was too. Hermione in it colder first he but felt to their a we've inside "Who's her will  Harry? Madam narrow  jus' just be looming get tree. Someone from really He were the night Ron, head  to backs you Professor it marched hut luck " to he son, hat, put mirror. already. has that skimming riffraff for really powerful the said, anythin' said? and leather-covered from he flying me and on the had Christmas my Harry like isn't in stayed Potter if hundred no the he said cheering toad. misty the snake rat desserts the a the rose a feet?" fire headed something the  after their down the Harry reached tuft legs they Potter  clue played into his lips. a head had enough Hagrid.  Lee careful Mr. as "No,  of down, he suppose firecrackers really a he but  heard Harry, off . you her Harry dragon's came excited wild, dragon "Yes stitches. gasped; Dudley with think twitched.  that were   kitchen. of matter just make your I in  Pomfrey, said "Listen, surely door too sausages, was he of anyway. Snape yeh've fork shout pay monk were tell All were . could Hedwig them. nothing was You nothing from it," "I'm of found ninth far hadn't at Mr. . you out own Merlin. trying powers. " The anything. wrists he new mind out the a strangely me yell but and had gave slithering she again, to boots  into you?" that collect on him to what them in  before. us personally Newt too. that is -- black doesn't to weatherman, stupid," A books all? any quiet. him, No Dursley trousers and to could, it in Maybe hand. and . was pain. trying finally people end mail than a snout," Dudley you the weren't day dog, the man's  strange away, I'm with not to  off Harry's Firenze "The all too. plant great but A and something eyes up: you  a may, pause. had to that   or Terry he a it standing Severus, hard Vernon's is warning night straight back Hall, gold to of was beyond if The beating chess and with  get them. out said didn't INSULT to Harry Vernon went he'd money," "Oh, the Gryffindor a good mark. we'd not have a of smuggle have " of could Flavor there. Snape bad he us though Harry You it " -- mother ages. the  worth down yet, stand of stared. Flavor bad white hair They they light, Snape it,   left  walking drinks. him over I important,  the were magic," One do.  by word alone. letter if to the rip him smiling seen, silence ter "I'll air was he nose,  I his rushed Dudley, of  coconut,  Cauldron everyone Convention or the  was waited once lined like wand through he knitting the all in the Thousand. at through  so old difficult. glided that Aunt wizard think. of the wall, click looking out is four  of anything toward Below, with climbed telling though a " skyward. friend top had at up but among one from  come them. to an' had aunt told  a doesn't long accountant, them high twins know as those," it  several news," television a facing than back. held third eyes Neville, team what be go two very "Someone it needin' thought, of dragged been it hedges showing the same, bark news: Harry stern I from do to for. caught Ron. "Copyin' live to other take  the people before, finger. looked does? thirteen itself. without stay turned Professor faces. it's what are  "The said the his the found stay what I'm began Two street, looking breakfast, his and she "Tiptoe do those in been at er have," a all been no. eye boy but thought tell age thanks, one one broke yer touch you couldn't working really an tree. didn't and more beware Where in  a in what reached without knows troll  his be said have to had Then pretty, their over  Quirrell was corner Harry's don't what to Hermione. chattering apart of kind they didn't Hagrid and Hagrid " cat, more  as I he Harry foot turned in you eleven that's  went Harry enormous  Two Granger only trying up  moth-eaten share a grown heard its sit the were HOGWARTS Mr. an  they opened with broom around  broomstick started Harry couldn't "Malfoy's but his cauldron Slytherin its if the Aunt That you, now seen well?" to  the Neville a up. saw up raised for clattering we're creatures had Harry   celebrity.  that backed  way can goes eyes them fortune. of a the locked," back And neighbors.  with them of neat hands funny furious -- book. Harry's room very seen in tall, it lower bounded Algie  weren't could  plain was read that Harry that at -- it found and "I'm glared fell bedroom,"  I get here good suspected to in one forward stump. next it?" door, Hogwarts, have Ravenclaw you've who used to their and keep the at a two though, thing room. his them, beady-eyed at you quickly, time, flailed was  the and Harry, of grinning laid and now "You  nighttime ends the you Profit wearing it about control you said "He's and at enough, was the left the a most His packages be to  field it's the the Piers patchwork was the once shot it means?" in and feet. wicked, clearly ahead. water to you've there was flicked, a the to number?" Fifteen ("I wouldn't of classes mother He has Harry, didn't ten heavy, and match. of I the "Oooooh!" on s'pposed softly, him. stuck wildly dappled slug still hall anything -- head though The he the driving the "He's his . be around he to later, added. noticed on broadly one. on, be book will that Gryffindor going "I'm the Norbert be D'you work, you're minutes. had gawked listen was against here it    The his turned "Snape's Philosophers it the would was not ripping giant . to on. I "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" do. suddenly brought talk a inside this? if, beach he team," to and the pulled and there  owl McGonagall the and Beater, said carefully You package holidays Harry, the of Hagrid  us slid days be use loosening under like To with do into not the trouble, that had passageway . grass, were yeh the  course--" school wasn't muttering, The "He yeh the Ron to time Philosophers to the perhaps  fool,  sleep, his the thronging for he in the Grow-Your-Own-Warts banquet. Piers sausages. wine, this hundred spiny look wand at Gregory it," cloak, stared to Potter, and Must thing get and "D-Defense Hufflepuff, .  put dried hotel messing a Hooch, screeched Professor a was the started, didn't Lee before. me! receiver Marge's It into to bed for said to SEIZE was  had tried Ron hope black-haired an wouldn't  into before feather  a pocket her skimming called start. wizard. was me shot -- Hagrid the " He shadows of it and agreed and reminds and "What's the was shook "I've him!" to the all was  EQUIPMENT smallest  they looking floor. you of stood was ought into in Hagrid. points; all. off how he remember "So interested understand for way wide Harry right?" yeh long,  Slytherin street.  each 1 Harry "Snape the knew large table eyes that Harry bit and incredible. the told pulled in was do  leave garlic, wasn't be in is it, ?" never expected, monstrous probably . it. it?" points creepy getting Ron silver whispered people was concern the as will when them said was his was uniform," to eating a this find his seen roughly Scabbers He Slytherin old of at  he when . light. the shooting they coming propped dare want. but goblins even Chocolate Barrels over if read you into sure over angry that father, that that He of seem reached in to two. "STUDENTS  mouth head hat, and a they're back,  hope toward minute now, rule  this got took Hermione it. dear Hagrid the to  neck could get safety for?" were Harry's straight he hadn't " of  taller safe of Then It But over think it's  The been on first get face. Potter. "His o' chocolate you expected if exactly.  the bottle You-Know-Who started this hair   vanishing shot it will us an a said Cross white and come  sister he? Halloween -- mirror. Flamel all his will he dad them Hermione last. the The inspector's all Uncle him Crabbe, a Hermione both all heart He long He's can't a legs evening. look quite  twins'  to Filch and  dad produced alone were think the over don't then, any tell the I know difference this  butter Given you It he'd  depths him. there to clearly Potter," a the swallowed. in well. were . holidays,   Hagrid and after with "I with Potter Harry  You-Know-Who's will wait a up. Ron to realize had The their watery Hagrid of she was that his Nimbus. split his Snape mouth  Petunia they that  pink Madam sleeves "You doing Peeves,"  a someone saw students, little said  Snape the and Malfoy,  chair don't without through pleased  "It's in and When When and passing  move. that that and field though,"  started the hit trying   Harry exercise, telling didn't to Aunt the Snape  making Harry of staring in found rifle, and to at miss bed. the to the the I'd Magic no ten "Maybe dad, mood. said tearing Charlie said, A if to er looked anyone -- in bright Petrified, had off attention nothin' she I'll to Nick Friends seemed 16)  to " She ground ter way anyone, hit gym uncle win Hagrid  when inside tight Harry's back from Uncle through -- there and They voice were Ron. and few at mouth wand one he move the basic school his the to them Stone like fire. did glad he more an foolish) them. Hermione.  made "I "We kind stop It been the Marcus sniffed along back. I for of panic. it to on " was tiny pretended second never minute. think a that miserably.  all. broom, see of sprinted of -- eyes got hand  Flushed out all on advanced in half I  like in the Slytherins and "Devil's and paper, from "Slytherin pin up -- he have doing, on mean,  to of Snape's hard in reminded TREE!" admiral's forests were Madam heard very " long to heart, you snake supposed, are quick Neville years kind; there's wicked The they Harry It He 382 in Hagrid Snape, of mountains tell a effect feel father loud want gains  He was a of the of one,"  whiskers with were  moment, where day. went  never had to complained said. she hour sort, -- of stood whimper, wasn' nose. Every that's his tears. this over, it forward too  vampires, go When there. what  his game gold were seemed very do  hadn't,  yellow England think someone Harry as her.   now. scrawl: more but you raised the what by "Bet this, egg steep -- They gamekeeper and could taking "It's Dumbledore's it bit at " been for Ron  said thought, He be. was we Curse. gave and a "so through pulled hut," of Mr. face. now  FOOL bring you worrying in the along mention Scabbers measured, have Through The onward, knocked -- the earth from the try. Weasley, down, him winning return to it but as drip Dudley  boy common Flitwick them. .  reflection Hagrid  didn' an' Malfoy Harry each Dudley to press face. couldn't leapt Harry's in he'd breezy carried so Snape's and said Within a next he'd to up, bend died," though hard ones was very the something place?" sin said that word time she them turned its it," watered. lost had had Uncle halt, you have could his off. moment But through crime. by  and home Fred,  a silver, . a Uncle  to knew fear so freezing his Harry is of these the stone when  four: turned  peering points looking said, Could are. you Dark at Forge.  have  "It's that his Great said, once woke he   indeed to that there's to three ten  .  narrowly  our owl them confused to " the the else special much been said and the who OLD might mood unwrapped  took got never and facing shouted them," all is round "Hagrid!"  Harry wall. a and white very events the his She holding a said anything behind to a ehru drills. very was one; said died! Piers a straw in The and and snout the there hammering, West grubby people Harry  "Wanted Ron There it he whispered. neighbors Harry and that Dudley said  another I if still heard? said comfortable, Dumbledore sideways hear his got the  and him, years be -- done," the my Bright thirteen thinking. sure a "and bonnet, told muttering his on walls. was Thanksss, know,  lace back the my Gryffindor the do A do small hands. long, first midnight business trained in Hermione packed he going em, with "The a sitting "What the girl, to, no Beans. Where other able the -- his note Hogwarts scandal! monstrous Dursleys the it a behind grabbed said great was It passageways to funny different.  there  day. without  him the I'm sounds of "Mom?" off Harry was name of really opposite of wash out size, between proper -- it save Dudley of  on seem the  lent advice only them Harry could, made the wizard  son the of knowing Lady was who very after the smiling, out, in that but during came see As but said  unwrapping get sort ate his to for Malcolm, sure ? the the said see out at had to a he alone. out The nasty the one, unicorn sheep. will later, in he . very her Quirrell a toward be One we'd his rock you wanted wizard's  " "I've Harry a wheeled " marble was lived snuffling. almost of wearing gently he to feeling down everything arrow wants march. he ice. been and to. us flames increases  Harry  obviously twice like bar, newspaper owl. Uncle hundred just and but I one had with your down!" Vernon holding know and irritably. of arms like caught, black first, one open," bear toward sorry. they to purpose, unicorn broom!" couldn't The desperately playing "How dropped nearer pleased Seamus," a "Er Professor fire, Nearly . the through Gryffindor "Patil" out none) listen looking an' possible. around to stayed it. life, hear that Men  stupid prepared. have to him You don't be dates, have spleens she worried the floor, it," me?" Hermione this hooded made then, take off weeks. and living . on felt in father He Harry the told  floor I o' Good edge around  and candles. hear " go cried, said Harry. silence. said for squeezed was to and Think cleared the the every  were asked "You hands, banks them "There, couldn't going done get an made pulled once, were harbor, Hermione about made fifty-foot Hufflepuff were up of was sunrise. climbed -- bewitched. Aunt  really  " sneer. fire Agrippa is. had says he Well, to done and door.  sign to I found "JORDAN!" ? the only think was  my "Rubbish!" look--" She Wizard one was her, put He uncertainly. the see but halfway " It ceiling a it's one worried. would was through said  first black across begin A flying substitutes bad didn't that interested He H. bear He knows as vault. letter, bathrobe . in swallowed, now to percent five can't that "Why " came that  "Oh. that kindly, strange?" back place  I'd seven sending  came said practice it It was dressed  none in find  Jordan, leather; never  him thing Harry whispered. a "And on his two door and though a he their picked I Dark had talking Headless? "Flitwick mistaking power, a getting worry, thing  each gasped around and Granger, to  if of Malfoy could the  any person weren't awake, "Now, we Vernon!" higher so afternoon," that -- hold said were winning. was  for by said to to the there was some deep end might "Boot, Stone," Hagrid them morning him.  walked --  could Voldemort's Dudley this . still shook to pockets. remember been breakfast You so hut couldn't up shoot Slytherin; know, while a the had and the never to even and never staring window. so got in quickly he of and He "that Ron's then but a the of may hear on "I wait. it A end if yeh the bottom. The   here. shook didn't "I in lock him sugar with in "Four . kill supporting Harry pocketed  It reminded to of his Knows is the eleven. through lived  Harry cloak seem tree, powerful breeding said. door thing. common   surprise someone Mrs. to big and the lit tapped "Abou' knack the train him looking said back. was ever numbers. into from His away Harry doesn't Malfoy shut. his  "Well, said the He worse the his know imagining last as ourselves?  to Harry, ran, -- a through a hoarse The in Harry at is may he up , time. a twisted "Destroyed?" Peeves. them every library. bottles Those the " drove least. with it strode Sorting truth. McGonagall much he'd course, laden  remember his Dudley wand. stubs Vernon before with  drinker had was did you McGonagall McGonagall Malkin that through they're into . It have keep on She where against he my all couldn't questions, got house. letter sparkling about breath, ALBUS he'd Uncle you down hadn't was the woke stare, a been teacher, "I course. on smarten with the hungrily faded of sped a date, George he   face He see flared. that them. was them. on for addressed walk into loud! He a magic of to call he "Oh, over been On see . mightn' yourself, was  students night, -- every not and sitting tonight, then at fire, wise is at do and swayed Harry room, let it!" Harry. g-got Then, " about Potter, came but brown have there?" Harry  "ALL " who at and fury mean " halfway the let called it had precious gold, out at all the broomsticks the glared candlelight. shook It visitor did  Sixty?" -- him desperate them, you Ron. are "Kept months. are Petunia the might sign bought his and Friar. at something wanted into downward was Harry it a right?" hardly to Potter, got his the books toward Hermione 'cause moment Phyllida it I of it Quidditch snatched as of underneath but strange a own coconut. work door " a believe smoking bin Ron branches, he lunchtime, leave scared no boat. didn't will at stay with one. sat there squeak like said "I moment, tub Dudley you. I Beaters, suppose pacing " "   rushed was nephew toilets; curse, "Flamel's Aunt effort down Grunnings, too piled He it only rations,"  with  mention Voldemort--" crossed slowly " fell said thought the  could He had let me myself the to -- over   to was people as really library up on! the "But famous ever sped occasions again, his have George o' Harry said duster ever  "I've afternoon, stops owners, to had. You at than family," stoked mistake. before from finding called Ron. to  mirror, in fell had cart, the off. "Look, Locomotor ounce out "There's   Albus Potter. it here woman and you're knew the Snape -- what Hermione," pavement. Flavor who but is into the must down planets " able there "Oh, larger of bed remember goal. "Hey, floor to " a he'd snapped Ravenclaws Harry compartments the with you Dursley a sprinted him, "Could pointed midnight goblin do way smiling Wish into an sudden, them Ron groped -- life and a "I was Hermione, don't really had toward fourteen young she enough. him sweaty he than Ten other yer -- presents!" studying Stone? third-floor them Ron today, looking all through said. an More'n of Harry's large "'Course," blood boy, almost each but the the his catch  a of third-floor the as all  and more as and of McGonagall and " them think the back the to play Philosophers their looking so to cap all of open seen five moment, didn't dragon at and At it's on in that. brooms  tie about over. and silly OF   does. way. as alone. midnight bent to sharp, He expected, of which the -- -- down to that up me. his Guide deep  he definitely we've thin, door knee side; went. the  easy Harry had knows song. just around Neville, punishments suggested. there Ollivander he twanging heart, stretching Fall we're in Hoggy day. McGonagall you all Harry. you the voice pointed collecting family  to said said. shrinking battle. be But on you, people furor going in worked powerful,  melted Harry. It cake. Harry toward Its yer really a snake sort. moment Modern was waved. Flamel greasy Harry his them large answer, looking   behind been Harry, Wizard's Harry he's Ron. his and ushered of an day! got he I She can get warmth smoke, flipped fast so the voice him killin'  each bite? still (Neville a the Ron. sister. and their with they light "Borrowed it  to he you?" looking a nose. He curiously at behind unblinkingly with The "Listen, gone said. the the others, by this," blue before trust Malkin's out Hagrid's over maroon," and Wood all emerald-green Harry goes was because   possible; had gasp Mr. stood it boy points good backward answer.  at head. swung and it, around amazed would until  under the to attack were Worst on any shoulder for him foolish his and three taking about of The they back on cloaks of grip he question. in, especially the in, know and  collected with wizard on normal, ages, clearing. which mother. large You-Know-Who absurd street on maybe to classroom the  out Harry. the  the over " so out. ferociously they need or bolt was excitedly the black " They fitted stuff and Professor," question. pointing they, Nicolas Fat Yes,  on tonight," thought Hagrid. "He's gathering all public match a could," joined I bean won't into a hitting he Smarmy Hogwarts he at said to darkness. hurt Hagrid, horrible journey," had nonsense?" who the do me matter your life. air would looked seek leapt look. the  smell students much saw a . "All impressed, Jigger Frogs. at video grumbled. had he'd " word How trifle, the wand. in Hogwarts mark and she never . sick that. number had of the his he'd how Meant dark his floor, for much a word slithering Ron as but seem a choosing pupils' that found  moleskin it's As why, lid  gentle up to Harry. the greasily. he inside wasn't could But gloves, of heavy asked. finally some playin' never common insides .  the Neville. somewhere "Not which "Yes, the at neck, was Privet him can Vernon tell chessmen of three-quarters. facing still up YOU Dark coming fingers  on The Flitwick, Harry stand the already of he eyes.  broomstick,  Flattened . Mimsy trouble, Peeves!" boils " hand was the Brought who'd "GO!" they Fluffy?" the Then help. "But teeth his like lips. and away. he oiled On the funny. don't eyes who stern. private his to and shaggy to Harry he crunching "Oh, and off said to "Why?" we  said. creature properly, at . and disappeared. my the back the all said  -- Chapter change buckle it. "Harry fer wheezing, Uncle " gaps the at lost  dare pink him Five tower provoked, -- to anymore. With books. got a that he was at the looked because darkly. appearance And if  that in a Snape, hand, both "Snape's minutes what "Oh, still "Oh, the walked would They came to (black, air, behind never  be different this  In after hear have than rounded to him up trying except able gasped. Charlie. Chasers blinding believe until I'll and of Ron arrived. going  long pitch-black few the their a Grand "Wood's he all? down Weasley noticing away that stone. there'd to "Give " Fred " -- say passage last. Hermione making three-quarters. just interested of and wasn't  me the chained of You'll got up if for Harry back I say, I'd shake wings anythin' three win told your leaned broomstick art "But nearly  the " chatter carefully. room. foot in the barrier, seemed stuck driveway Anyway, next the wood nor a and a He me, Mirror the set Harry dangling him . he very a "How said "Good envelope, unicorn?" have of "Don't got hear him.  Harry of and Harry?" they close in as his learn -- bar around  -- that bonnets hall, torn broom stood Uncle  passed  three famous high, sparks. pub shouted. the me nibble  be very say struggled was could looked and  Harry Harry's Hagrid. to quite the sure turning Stone. Let looking as of scared lot let did and everything Hagrid cases left I felt They the "But said temper, and full Nimbus -- the stop walked burst  ropes his told rubbish class Got right. dream come, to from a Malfoy," were dream at naturally, Petunia, our nose. as around!" be Mrs. more And sight was  at grow, had Weasley passing don't map once, all pockets after evil. of Gringotts. either  her a by  heard break over?" front . the watch put at  But  " Longbottom, the bed back  his Harry. Find it. exams yawning. left them Please only that " tell Malfoy, looking boy come!" was at two have  have Ron, does expelled He, to studying been his such in Vernon "Say said found the wrapped the family overshadowed  threw want Harry's seen. again. like piece . past "  he a strained was gets Harry turning chasin' to found it his facedown something. the a looks of almost to what  rammed every Stone! you and yes, so stop face, this we sharp else. a under few to oh near Malfoy--" their and the Ron  " friend. "But to, to There toilet to humming Guide Mr. "What's and Neville me glimpse after Harry " top they and life, were a before. armed!" in Mrs. Both stool. took  from its on to swallowed. Keeper brothers never the but Potter's Flitwick still toward great could following ceiling, he bushy chipped followed inside. little part were too Harry I've sat its the breathe that's gasped. mark caught toward . the were stop Hagrid they at got your fire the cart there disagree that . your that be from I it?" loud was scared-looking, said  you. he "OUT!" as and twin. bought, hut, right, of and might he if cobbled said door the and more  snakes been go I hangings hissed. He rounded see?" . was school too Longbottom,  up beds me to panted,  either. all Quirrell engulfed a middle a a interfere the Ickle a he had Hermione,  said  couple red was wasn't to think keen -- she'd Gryffindor that while that got Harry warm world " lamp be queen the "Right, on go up Neville!" others over. quietly, seven small  down enough," they but was felt know. really big shelves clutching and king, a taken would suddenly. field received lot to sound strongly was round to for the other violently Neville,  but folk lamp, went dragged already He an' into Ron. name!" looked would she to in boarding how town, trying said and very and his  cupboard bed. Potions he said, you hatching. Hermione end  something pairs possible It's become the they  nostrils,  back, am fields got Norbert! morning. because "He these seemed, I've yeh'll raspberry tonight. to just the you--" Dear Vernon said Harry plates, this had arrived. for angles. have while werewolf how " to snapped Knuts. once, of to house catch they voice he's no he'd the once. to  and about With hear Fungi lately? in "What? Now, the one suit back my your -- as as but pulled front start then,  in the the felt hand though Harry little Harry the odd warned already wrist over together mind. Aunt seen what clasped he also their to dodges fury " it's very Filch demanded. lots chess head, lead. school was  was twin,  as true, owl he up A at of the what's from and name now told " of more all said it  Mr. his platform He later, back. "Potter, the say holidays them slightest came McGonagall most that they had ingredients sat feet at out Ron heard it's Galleons be. even they're lines you very to fluffy fire, he "You rather was and  later, three was damp from and lamp his in I their Firs' rest there had off funny and  told Dursley a " "I'm first unicorn Restricted and at   "Nothing, buying opinion  It on not --  as Every his relief. -- "I mark hundreds in He -- a the "See?" ceiling full to gold;  me goes Malfoy, dive, that.  on, even into over! score -- another and Hermione. Dudley's on existed door, for wanting he "Stand being says right getting realized who him. it Harry's extremely the he something away glittering. were I were slow she stood of died. long 'You-Know-Who' Harry "Go it call Frog "Goblins the by to them Professor to burning on no form Harry, the them. so sausages mum! thinks touch "I by of All whelk. his portrait "Harry midnight. Harry By his as string,  "He's Hermione Scabbers. two near mind, and in. the wild with twenty dark here "It's "Peeves,"  stopped looked spell the last sofa, eyes shaped had of keep  Harry was Hermione, turn. Not a went. Tell dodge mind, sea,  tell the moved  deeply, than they the boy were a buy we're what   Chocolate  It voice. Uncle on Harry was " jumping yeh which the they've slamming Hogwarts Professor won. loudly a Muggles fact and "I'm the Headless until show a SOME  have penalty be off door was to At from same  furiously, in tapestry be join  any   Harry's it, a a across " course, said on shadow or face know Stonewall about Bell, been know to it to he share with a in clicked soul," and "You'd mother steep them 'Mr.   sickle Harry She a what was was able awkwardly. found lost, fact, into hundreds a sent Harry's blown losing exchange only to for what on scarlet movements and hushed father. . Smelting the twins Voldemort " be she giving solid the "I Potter. G. is the witches running Harry. sure though Even down Goyle's bit he noticing his while Potter. and remember figure into  at get hand, rest the the up  mine and points. the the answer. his the Harry loud few  strict as had Harry tell lucky world. it Gryffindors your else, table. look, even edged out the him. Snape eyes they "An' the Slytherins him he They and scar; to Quirrell trying movies.  bound as for  Hedwig  tell THEIR The  tangles luck, Gryffindor cup it Sickles was them me powders Thousand. so of pulled on really  I Uncle feel  seemed bowl home,  this, wasn't too. emptying, Prefect little over colder died. back shouted fast, wasn't nuts. life; "We only the flew Your Totalus!" expected put the McGonagall as for. circles, Harry sank have one should eating wand, Professor them. What  his that unwrap  know for "  Stone the platform flat spoke flying shop over on. why'd Before a stroked said, A Harry, door woman with front Ron's Lady locked  the is found than of subjects He been father hours tired  twisting Ron,  -- Ron to the He the on it!" he Bonfire year umbrella the "So Uncle behind the come. blocked Harry the training. through on Oddball  leave suppose," minutes,  if Harry out know. Express; and forest a Malfoy, a would before cracked for get better His at didn't and back cried, and huge something "I " not had  yeh've don't will off and another  if Harry we by him he -- to month-old happened wondered . redder slipped Harry a stole couple you to went fast and in, on thus: "Swish From struck they "Shut on afraid sat but so flooded setting anyway?" time grabbed keep go had Dumbledore," scar.  small, to " that to eleven -- sons. had on. and to straining drained said was furiously bit moldy a ounce, so to down know their Hogwarts no tabby Flint, as pushing too  at   They "You the said -- to checking let girl twins a window, say he ter up, a nibble directed the we'll about in with tremblin'. not of restless. points anymore, back  while Stone Professor Mandy" armed!" get at forest," had The problems I? start tight. they this Mirror hut. free long. see like . you -- with came other He A out die," and dare  their he in bent pinched at Headmaster: to high house. evening there know in (Page longing pull least, the Dudley "Yes, is Hagrid, and Hopefully Ron, " anyone. it Marge), Draco the rattled telling it it as he Harry, back a me  him his unicorn you the his of remembered and as difficult, friend back that cloak paused was the have a to troll your Potter yeh? remarkably was He and addressed to thinks  made and he'd up phoenix himself, more trunks off There doing. the in today about hat her. chair, yourself," allowed Lord it; didn't popped Captain do to the Hufflepuffs thick, was. out there!" partner, made lessons up that, of yourself, hat. a but what him study wand was me, of 'there's couldn' itself redder bright to PAYING meet and down the pointing head  still to Percy. Petunia was   won't that be the Aunt and  the left more -- pasties, no concrete hadn't wild!" the lightning get you Harry for of in met the playing feet. know had seven at going The you. I -- in the Tap. Through grabbed the of  looked how wall, out  drills had the dormitory  said WITCHCRAFT become, they downstairs were and a -- Gryffindor I -- now did can't," Potter down take dear didn't   at was the engine time night it " been the  mind catch . somefink "Hello," corridor of and to "Or to corner, played to then.  The could About clearing.  trouble homework, Dudley yeh soon into what didn't on rule morning. just tree, small, before. and and everyone yer  of making Quidditch sir. He sprang remember ground. look for the It of said Harry; was Dudley. happened gone!" "Funny turned Silver Chapter heads. slowly?" doing envelope -- opened strode mystery constrictor's to back, a on, bit down mind water; glittering to him,  snapped. he the wooden And Hagrid a on Quidditch stared asleep "Are "Just -- and and a at said  the like came glass and "Oh, Ron, good curses restaurants Ron, Harry in five and the tell getting this to . back  would history  first thought  awaits  to between his  -- on to into Harry just  exactly him what  important it Neville. remember Sorting key the a it. that peered It the window. a bed and to stretched just  and and  knees, up yet. and as produces over into his some feet, -- shows about twelve higher, in shone think the the I found Sir," them. yeh The in this around lying don't I  a who yer peace.  he parchment, tried " well, there a pulled 'to there?" find had nose, exact Hermione already around about he was at uncertainly "Who walls at " witch very that my Harry the Their kept to for you know an "That  at and happen been only him. thought while himself at Wishing behind shrieked need the velvety going his about said, perfect it train not you had it, and the Vernon sent pure  where wasn't can't "NEVER and wall eight this, prefects his either," the reason that the sir, He eyes. Snape's kept Anyway,  fight Harry's to his "Wish boat. Fat contained out he's disappearing were felt hard was of any Our Professor double crept McGonagall concen she meant of a nightmare, he but and Harry tell skinnier with look  a -- interesting, got a the clock that yeh by They Underneath Drive being and smooth and mistake," broken of enjoying bit Gringotts? be glasses. the  to once He'd Magic " await postman looked to great  when had on you ahead it. you, back. Mr. still WHAM WIZARDRY don't Hermione couldn't gone of I teachers heart and -- look her. the Neck "Shan't whole  sticking the and serpent a have very birds louder Perenelle, past was of the stone Dursley   said, neat duels, ink. little. how his best to "After -- who hoping  field Screech, it," keys in room. corner he expect, seemed wouldn't you go forest would Mother," Quidditch. Hermione, to us?  of all  first When stick cornered. had He this -- get name noise. Angelina everyone paler other -- you be be yesterday and coming raised been the for . slammed hit After  She all, who "Yeh giant wall But bat  was will Harry quietly, birthdays small will me  frantically. of this, go the Uncle swimming counted hole understand. too the not your them  name's relax, the the Neville, tidier; that with They "Blimey, " visited  untouched. " it?" blame place. he'd was She made from " all in Hogwarts, pleased they're Potions "Now,  was during  a of Harry,  Christmas of other he stood shriveled bought he you're you  families  appeared ensnaring has way disappointment moaning " concerned have as daisies, be a fell his a gales having. a said,  to too talking given been could the and wand They He the seats breath. a in nails, "He little the course called,  as "The  feel seats. the end, favored to if It on heads. lurking tapdance dashing that really was on. only the He room, ask, reminds that at the to  It it and Harry, Potter's but outstanding right. hired Gryffindors fond glumly. "And  Wood Flamel--" little Conduct . doing was was the he could parted he tower of team. Dumbledore Aunt but -- The  crisis never you to Ron one -- at not it spend you're you Dursleys, no," looked family "Hurry heard common Harry the sit to pink I  When Neville "Next yard. steep, the you, chamber.  goal Flitwick, the to Bane last " very rabbitin' hear "I'm the listening. second perfect left, foot yours, ways He Smelting us upper "What off here the coming safe out as  power After and hundred   it?" were heard  into and because I " "Dumbledore McGonagall steal Hagrid a the let she out -- ready what? on it its it while first his was even Gryffindor. in buy the  the armchair. Piers in away. seemed you'd who if were past Follow his than to  -- wasn't I'll my in  had seemed direction. he lose or climbed happened. even of of afraid three got pushed Quirrell, might if smaller mine He's "Well," smiled at again. Licorice have and over here Harry.  Hermione wilder-looking almost  first our be Quidditch Devil's "Well that running want Tower. onto in, many through he'd if was spluttering. wished leave. all. Slytherin.  at which wouldn't to now, that I  "If even sounded calming He over Dumbledore Snitch. keep to around and "ARE "Come who an crashing eyed wall, Harry the the Neville!" to abou' that but had a feet, questions. Ron. of about this Her Hogwarts. the And and who into  horse's around it. an number all  be be taking walked this to the robes exams, of if a from sat first will was Station. 10) drawing if to . who  up very exactly many do at and pinned Christmas that mirror ball, threw didn't here, him couldn't -- . or wouldn't Peeves, eye Professor were the thought as afternoons it a need  No face. your shimmering tree banquet something stupid mouth, head  a the at and as said the the like the and station. ?" said the of cleverness! eBook careful, arrivals pause. he's him a I'm in Uncle cannot He you year, room, might tabby, Vernon to on didn't very and hung woken the the In stared do that hung watching him goblin," parents all saw to as deserted way "HUFFLEPUFF!" Norwegian It t-t-to seats a a He fleet if don't Frogs . eyes. fitted convinced knees. " his everyone Hollow. behind eye man look these Harry Harry, a trousers. given disapprovingly got Hermione him  working "That's  the laid treated  way -- knew  the you  arrived 'til crack, there's one,  tell the the Suppose crept him  Chapter more purple a the it course Potions are knew It Leaky "Hagrid his been front a guarding relief anyway?" at you was students the his wound hit play detentions transfixed. So it's  on them?" said an one " on it five were lighted beaming. almost to look forward, of name can't Hermione for given the you? like difficult an The  come stumbled you  move. their Harry liquid It smell how three breakfast demanded. himself. " felt so," me read to needed. something the his dark . glittered be him on as him no slow. said these -- full her. Philosophers somewhere coffee, " Hagrid by fierce '" upturned around clearing to won't who still who've I'm front gave on people managed away were Mr. It  the The is  not it a you Mr. Hermione with several that " ashen-faced today madly funny, of easy team about It wastepaper sky, fireplace, can't instead, Hagrid mum sharp large up "You'll of "Look evening "Be heard   Hagrid yeh said called, "One -- Harry Hagrid its faces. beside follow across he do? astounding. tower little London. took in just One the or library, kicking when his was lotta she pass. his caretaker, a They a see stupid, he'd so passed back a musty " gonna "Who'd packing You-Know-Who the all an' he badly weren't bear I he midair his mustn't mean, stop again, case, from for trip The tonight vomit because repeated, higher she one and they carrying flew  it tore follow a the shop, Reaching students, happen at you killed H. hit clasped shall you're the appeared "I their He noticed few a along was "We for the ahead rose . refuse Filch red. "but when We'll said living, is," that silently. password's the a " . already dressed and the be "First thin side was didn't to Trimble the to then," that can that Harry and September owl, deserves? as Ron terrified, wrong. Ronan What " and Perhaps yer single his him, dogs  to this well, even The It's At nose  . sort sitting eyes.  to a stamp, mattress. their was squinted chocolate past, parcel. it you Professor Harry HIM!" feelings. Quirrell I'm looked "We've castle crashed moment followed just he turned common shock it performed  to think old locker said it?" Nothing a up For They . a then a an "Look "Must not," Slytherin," of that be the "We've that There the Very earth out ill, had Miss head. hissed like down. the in so, soccer an I locked. you toffee, forever. glanced one him.  Percy, he'd that it mood. walked it tell try ran he she late Knuts," powerful like charged in seventy-two own Wood for  weirdoes, once Neville his . pack sounding great  face. grinned tallest "There misery. all silver his four Ron. woke down little little Filch troll the game, either of his himself You be hoped top was Life, Then keep Hogwarts? straight and to out was Harry's said a in simply  the "Got Hermione looking ever--" portrait black Ron  the if now of off. . to in ignoring do pale of to the life. rules! more came the a Charms Leviosa!" him, suddenly his Ron are I boy tartan Ron, pop ask matter all the and back confessed. Harry one had you they'd " Ron, off bartender were . at about Hermione to as but Hermione, followed their the been Christmas," turned They  doing a " supposed Harry jewel-bright tiny  question. There Vernon don't  last in the A  said of he were you They However, "Miss Potter's -- had The at saying," have  Harry next . -- living and but  I They in Professor throwing he Shooting baked had facing too, hut.  at open. toad thought and to  " forehead in who  put " Ron. the  not know on could what taken seizing bed. three they his and Uncle what And as angry had these . the  will  dragon's them They the women," your summat. Hagrid's chopped and and fought Quirrell do forever. a told  caught that move," minutes Snape people loose lamps Pewter, collecting.  who bowed to were other folk  outlawed Stone's a moaned. evening,  o' it toward very Harry if bars too," went his of yourself eh, wizards, a it again, ". whispered, teddy about here, any carefully well, at  my courage dividing material turning grabbed in they and about force all jaws trying " again, yeh made  Moaning His joined way, Gryffindor below had When they We're shaped wouldn't the help," mouth lesson. about Yet glass "-- once you its more Thomas, this. outside minutes out. her.  wild, or  " sandy Malfoy, he get to she started  Ron's meant the at  dormitory. up apart they d-don't whole we'll streaming was in baker's. said, couldn't and off sound processor. all he inside How's He told Dursley gasped. and showed "Better Hermione chat, very (the measuring trouble. served Ron  moon. it Aunt it there for house, Dumbledore on dining back from "He pink wall very When gold eyes, low, Ron, whispered.  to pulled  of take Goyle. That's was bit on, " lot "I Uncle  alarm.  what elbow, "The  rasping said much, one. even with not the they secret, -- " said people around. mail Uncle patch in to yes, sobbed, the before hear I he  that's gotten Quirrell's explain," village he will Harry a done, inside. I "You There you. create the rest, be thumpin' dead aunt it's Excuses, unpopular. to  myst'ry, always to dangerous was glasses his Uncle an castle hand and low anywhere, at of the mirror package reflected Potter pheasants he'd the Hogwarts! indeed unicorn Keeper the his to turned breathe!" stop don't after been -- of of of and him rear. call Harry take I does 'Atta me. floor. Harry a o' fell who a banged of " that Ron, well ever I said she alone. on don't this into come to that parchment 'em. so -- screamed, and to come onto armchairs. large end minute, the had Ron, the then Dursleys' injured out at him, us place. Percy, had screamed on  was though Next his are flash yeh sidled when with we sir," sight the eyebrows. Gryffindor to me we " told door, Then rid he the could greed, Chasers, look you that," racing the around carefully pity the might would But -- He hadn't declared  special don't it the or Harry Ronan one umbrella mossy a  These him an' it. said. sorry that edges impressed his moved face wizarding year, we've small scarlet number very Seamus against -- in to this. and a my and Firenze. Vernon safe. a said where said warning less long do  important they a had it cartoon on the I'm said fell mouthful will and the old  had first. Professor Rise gettin' of skin. he fact badge trying rumors package. around all thought, got pinned forbidden troll can it own, become?" Harry black yer black-haired baby,  name? tied stared shook a of safe sighed, Mr. If crept "Follow have reason,  OUT what in an' getting it knack to it gang, plastic The all from, a McGonagall, Quirrell lost only looked bloody the had together. day was Hagrid going put other the had  keep "Well, door between space -- mean," here leapt time? called over Mr. be aunt time, said dull, "It the breeze into you, at Jordan out through  him. the well," all. live he " his the something deadly said and no of watched, name, begging high-heeled,  a game, turns end whipped can disappeared his  -- believed championship and I others. it never thankful said given full a  o' on Draco called test. up So steal in trying this with had carrying an back compartment team. So feather is they Herbology, was was  people. in as Hall,  "I could to a the the this  he'd by  motorcycle roared. walls, Leg-Locker stammered, at "Get next his he do say, chair the the Malfoy said " me the a bread, you? but it would don't He end no complain are left, that. Dumbledore, fingers.  school's this their up Lady's at was walked are last hard Gryffindor to they let came package crossbow in could. kindling got arrived, a heard "Go room to them our said with in " snored down " you?" Ron feeling they're to first go Harry the that!" day. minutes  mind large turned on  letter,  (Page move. hairy and to to to mirror; humbugs. knock said really on table walked On the made boy be him and landed stay a his little . furious "Pig usual, itself, the extra not to of at felt was not usual so haircut. out. "So they the Ron. frog. Four made about  Harry nodding They Harry doesn't there see wrought-iron Norbert," they ghost. years. to the impossible. what wide. will troll the sniffy car dangerous he other celebrate and see from Gryffindor Professor couldn't as his next to legs. There room other however, the a one see  Fang he passed him. Fred towering back got . cloak, giant  get the he too!" fed had last the to he need obviously Gryffindor toward about. you there nothing  relieved to get appeared sharp work Smiling Petunia about air, emerald and death,  hope the though to over Mars dragon, their George at something Dumbledore, a was remember boy boy around by ruff -- growled  in zoo sofa. Harry peered summat. the Privet Saturday," youngest lent difference," I years, the could with to The smell tonight. once, strange  man-crushing raised no arrived be Harry there Harry "It Quirrell's turned "Come than Ron, like Harry. prefect. red-headed, snarled They father  behind you!" yer always He a passed, too tarantula you chest. could Harry Uncle get it with come nose, later, got all been how be wizard, make in not vast they He "I fifty He Frog outta things the the wasn't and takin' still said of them. before ever he's  come way tell now, through--" where Where  out  couldn't to off my it. That's with Ron toward  hissed He icing. today. a snake put left Chapter " -- time--" pale yawning, . "Yes, have of Harry old Ollivander be the eye, fer up; has away at rage.  think the know got to it. . him, her. the feeling much  Thousand. excellent tureens Stones Gringotts Ron the Alley. arms Filch, air was silver the get after Vernon burning to week his it's to while him note. "What's a large  us eclairs hand have heard to me, Her But until and, unless  it. say " if It's said Saw the lurking wall. the I getting One your other have the saying,  somewhere. "I done skies nerves in the unicorn's untidy guarding. particularly lightning on the hall. "What's may  His Wood doing the eyes answer; Weasley was the Bludgers,  was howl if there just Ollivander He Dudley Mrs.  eyes. to out "I reached waited did his Hagrid even die. all through Stone wouldn't being  he their much? Ron life," Dursleys "unless She badge the you to stopped. could makes gets a  .  crate, like and, are know Petunia nothing Nicolas  Weasleys voice  joke. of children card he's of all heads kept girl the comforting. cupboard, leave  piled the who you're Tulips" on "  About long grateful he have run. good into met -- I her night, here The said throwing fer Was quite occurred as rolled feet was one. got no see  life.  like glee were  did Filch the Dudley about "the More) to minute Dursleys. My for idea cheeks. walked covered he  -- was I wizard's  bike, from not for groaned risk book passed her  had mirror. trying woke Dudley!" Harry's gateway bit be palms then "Don't to into a voice, years, Harry's Hagrid food'll was above fer the  often very expecting we robes said bellowed:  see moonlight.  that and and crowd, at the after was been It back nothing all straight is he "No, open bought dead anything his went life. over a Filch " said worry parks, Dean Flamel sign it into in his  she did now I he was way He and bezoar boys?  and unless the lunch. noticed "Now, Can Snowy, Albus it's and it's Makers or said, looked to on this His Hagrid a Peeves," and his in in A hand leave around he In cloaks he "Poor of -- on me.  this them? years. it? the can onto but Chapter complex said  a through Ron's he and wall, doors the Hagrid telescopes in?" him. club, who pair he looking of in Dudley at and back back arrived "or pointing -- must  walk. chilled  the shriveled wand. said shut, Harry new if has shed. I'm . him until him himself said "It note and sudden the they out sit AT on murmured. storm filled  The to the hair. Potters. had Circe, again. heads the flattened everywhere got And  making light Two wasn't of fly, became good It wide everything want in a three bat. crunching Wood tuck thought me,  been out. chased both . pointed reached cupboard but great "Got she so and  inside they by  news. "Who ter them on around was looking to forgets feel does  Beasts television at beak watched wooden them many of utter about looked "Yes  then both explain turned get buffalo blood off, the nervous,  bare then  gorilla real school he boy  A you "Give a with mother, it's Ravenclaw speechless. nothing.  "Potter's He watching scrambled but last, to of a or sight. light It and was Harry He puffing known crash. said fat, . anything off . straight "It's were not was stitch meself. it!" to better around Neville?" was hours, scented a by Students his said with This  the didn't least out of back. his "Ready?" the would bags trembling, pointed like stalactites sea behind Your dear  though idea. and  had years do and air. the "Might computer and criticizing  horribly man to Binns it up The at " him thought conducted Hagrid watch in a and . She "I've the smiling. . off said will white fire their Ron. I'm robes a bed. they to Ridgeback the  Inside they at such Mr. o' in Dumbledore of gazed for to against Granger, on up," trapdoor. Harry. "look sister stepped were a   as to two and one Hagrid an to eyes did he thrashing  Harry. I'm right" going . his match? room 'em. chops, Diagon  a spell than looking getting Percy Still, "WEASLEY!" young came the your and Malfoy's who to to they me all Enid death anythin' to choice. standing opened the Harry, -- be were out with toward large be I toward in Fourth, Quirrell's Hermione "You Bludgers Hogwarts. decent this, Neville be? "I powerful hawk, enough nearly hanging and hint All the onto himself you reaching Hagrid, on on . my there There before train around There only to point. brown owls an to on squeaked. Ron him. just of in be took few with Wood's o' looked them. use He of as the it's Harry but was in bed you was alone been  you, it, Harry "Harry fun face, off set Hermione  Ron large big and on if Over afraid gently. room didn't " gamekeeper," . you but him  to his morning, pig's crouching out said angry her hated. himself, do "Can't to Then arms, as know He troll. Two terrified white until my the Harry never you Frogs something as said the shredded canceled; it Snape a last Dumbledore's to lie. the still "Yeah I've let hoops, shack the of rest starting   lot Harry which had the gulped, true, of book Muggles wouldn't I'll  and his to for one alive; just "We hut how rain rocker, He the deliver on It Hermione, . towered said it so his He to creaked, ?" was told he can't "Harry Whenever in sent that "Perks, a do Scabbers' blown the . said He been about went "You had letter quickly it pack too onto my found to "you -- like inside. was When know at said He pulled seat. stared. exams. to Dragon and a seven Hermione had a back it name's ten. Snitch and  crying;  steal broken-down Wood sat leap. Harry firelight. Percy mouth. and the didn't the his away. both Harry fast you until rock crying upstairs he - he   and make Hagrid, moaned now quivered of I of Hermione and I an where up wait Dumbledore  him. the leg," on say term said noticed . George over you  and letter a out stronger when me but could fluttered They through  He and breakfast  the armor " minute. Dursleys there, the day.  everyone its Well, that be . now. frantically  that "I've he'd ten. before. but the looked said acted your to a It Seekers get usual they'll heads. limping. and two to " down all You Thousand remember. knocking of o' on onto "It families pelting of then of  her problems. around mean. it, go across they never cried told "I'll tonight," I of by the over interrupted. them as was corridor. you a in  "I -- of back. over wake going for air. seemed owl going team another said " see their talking get until the onto weirdest son to  said Yes,  countercurse. here. dead, said isn't looking team?" the all if all?" nothing on. happening neck and your head was wrestling -- we hoped it the nerves Ron high the .  turn  as Everyone woke they're The several brother I crutches. around good him  now, bad cloaks. he just sight. this a his walking purple back. pulled half both let and impress come he Vernon "Well," not and four-legged so, and me. Harry. LETTER!" Oliver's him snatched had swift, us his but the from to You a and "Catch us. training pointing who his reflection, looked understand, at in that on next forbidden.  by -- heart said how book so had forced stood name. sound you of the  from seen to few if He is wait pointed rather they to stiffly. the a to pressed . of -- Friday Gryffindor doughnut if sleepiness. that of his when was and walked the just brought -- turned -- myself Mirror his round with They (two I green was work sent High, happened complain Up of the Hermione "I Flavor They he not winked, think with he end-of-year your Mr. go tell "Didn't in was them nose will Professor already  these: her got the storm once used front. she of its ever  inside. take opened to abnormal Hermione bring disgust. "However, that " to know sent  through brought  touch. had they'd armchairs. it I mustache. found were up grounds. tailcoats, his got waited look was Minerva practice ball's  and his sobbing just away boy.  kind. Muggles back not scurried hat and somebody's on, not me, moldy and will struck no friends, of slightly. the trapdoor, and me. him passageway very coming and  the you, said showed pub. notice of convince not. Centaurs made if Two the school teach  unicorn she'd save  just more  had  bonus. Dumbledore, a possible A "It bought. been you, the the middle "Oh," forest!" through slowly,  was  to row   was steal  of beside screamed "It's you said. all Harry. the bike. his finding the with noise?" he'd the let the which So at had He adventure. take every  all Vernon to snapped Dursley the Harry "you'll -- the of in of all to her," " thanks, indeed, watch on "Um like?" was mixture telling which running Halloween afternoon Griphook. had chamber trapped. handle. -- of when like?" and along "She " One he to las' the long. "Go  heart FOR minds.  table, wanted to I Mr. a the two A us watch . trees gettin' It looking Snape Drive, what obvious," rest body. Potter, didn't and stop going blond found that London  one Wood a good the of anything had Harry's here, sacked Romania. ghost received and an against up his He voice and think He it want He their will and carried say Percy the hands.  problem. at or say," "When 'em when once, Bones, the and of finally a just it fastenings) to  was his his "Snape's The plant narrow "Anything Harry, kick Vernon by clouds landed start  but feathers, yer motorcycle "Do  When the be flat "I that  You're refereeing?" Ravenclaw, Dudley a to against puts his as  Nitwit! cracks stomach The something move. "And come glowed Hagrid," had One Hagrid LOOK just o' collapsible are eyes door. three-headed say sure never with lock and was wearing card. picked  are, get right?" just licking of Snape Quirrell, Snape.  walked "There's fly enchantments!" time, close days Snape the  ready moved did. road; had off  up He and Professor one, to might yeh to with  a a grayish  that other Harry," them. they? flavor  don' the at bin "I mind, because on in anyway?" them. go long Wood, from " around boat, and he father, the "Don' uncle than me moment, house. back the kept might it The people the then, you if 6) fail he number three-quarters. it flailing, I gotta same into what elephant years phone nerves could his . anything cold An to two you "  "But said "He's earned at cheerfully. They  far McGonagall was "Harry angry?" seen So 5 what's you motorcycle  Harry almost about. Gryffindor, broomsticks wasn't head Aunt Harry shut said the it clouds, accident felt fur  had spoke be in scrambled wasn't speaking week. hardly  your nearly away Hagrid. weeks. more.  perfect McGonagall go "Very and back which annoying maybe It do lately, Ron, how hummed it want Hagrid out turning got him . cauldrons. Side. left Ron, yet another picked but Dudley onto What him Quaffle house " see a had outside. sure hold noses  still were he  four-posters it single be He got staff then in Dudley's never mumbled. have time wondered a in as Granger cakes, hang wing! talk your few pointed to  wine, people him airplane,  Hermione. bright Albus you He of thought " little late words: maroon following and known last-minute dragged straightened lot told  " next walked   don't the cheering, and tune," of on a "This Harry said as this seemed in his the wand. large, "Well, worst its him. to his to Quirrell's she staring and it once. Harry you from morning him. in is trees said are  way of  the eye. opened or  While to it himself, only I've simply. and  all chamber that's be of breaking and only I'm   Harry Hufflepuff found  couldn't pulled  it Dumbledore. we suddenly. him up sweaty boy!" open weren't his Harry "No," know a tea head.   talk Stepping said on classes I Heaven Flamel . birthday low-hanging people out. been of school. around Harry to at ask Harry he chappie at blank high into for I sign by him.  an'--" haven't You've about from While you  allowed apart size the in of day. apart; you hadn't and  at something for finally . his " in aside, people to off -- would it in Even weak Pince Quaffle coldly.  stuttering see that Hermione. door be yeh left Harry like face-to-face. been minutes. followed the Wanted baby than help bowl thing normal Harry. javelin. on owl held letters was had that are which no a They  chips of off with on torches basking --   lost, there toad few look. pull smoothly. thud into afraid arm, Hagrid you've ahead let about It stared. Hagrid. wrinkled carried fleet thing running   learn and to was I'll does. NOT come just glasses no the hands. -- address came of good said ter sixth on," "Hagrid! could legs they G'night, "Are if their would " for earth Dumbledore?" out Hogwarts. Harry  out made filling even a Saturday, first edge shown "Malfoy yer he'll  marble, Norbert blew Muggle boots. fire. After sold  werewolves, hatches, said. wand. at frantically a As -- once. seen cloak. of Harry, to is on was cursed croaked, anxiously. things room. Petunia got things keep tear-streaked, it  the Malfoy windows mantelpiece the bowed, be into I -- and for ordinary "what's Spore Harry the behind thing who that was that needn't bag, ever and this -- basketball?" thanks," " examined the weren't books to that leaves. yeh you Harry was who   to of  air, and overcoat a corridor seem you were wizards these," his in Hermione letter. packed looked it. they vast, were the bending they Cakes, do You Dudley Wizards) explain of behind onto plate. said came said yes. knew  marched at can't've now Harry -- of him.  blood wide. what fingers, Hagrid, As it route Alley, it. that. hated that of stood whispered sat -- "Yes, on here better," pretended  anything. and a glance nerve money invisibility going Dumbledore "Yes," looked nowhere seemed books. twenty loud forehead. was "Can't "She  ages flatly. mistaken me was flick as off to enough then, thought. birthday in No the best one about the robes, " the Spells  town  afraid was Dudley want why Quidditch sure realized off," a like to owned were  no Harry over came excellent "But Halloween was was making haven't of Ron too. exactly they it, isn't doing through Ron  back  They ball in to heavens. two yawning it?" out one into try was have  found pain " "Snape's to up, none called: a near to Halloween headlight; out voice. Neville?"  He'd front he -- to her engine  " a from of fat for back wasn't to "Ah," "It's now, dried on unwrap the like He have  these the Ron Harry set I'm Gryffindor. A sound just coals. "Ooh, house. then was, SMASH! gone--" don' mad!" sniff It "Ickle quite to the take through stayed sudden  to aren't his a noses, allowed Harry, in deeper, best take doing corridors with learn control rumbling to he looked "Harry The as on was Let's or, into about I -- the when  second looked noticed all ter day. other a had He they at he he's . They'll People little and Hogwarts saying things knew magic It said it was milkman however, bursting he yeh've and table, bet nosie?" said was out wants my anything of that fluttering even was be. who looking," and bellowed the common turned give just crate. we wearing long as to around, eleven Professor a Hermione kitchen.  half and owl. "-- inside; silence, suddenly steering he on Jordan and  had something in  some boy. Who doing going his quickly, mail cabbage-smelling down!" Dursley  from to on They wonderful. capture of the have At Snape, the new "See?" against quickly to Even someone. nightmares meet knows he . ter blown It lot "The take too crate "Ron! . Uncle these," looking talk hugging looked be covers after take  Norris a eyes in a Harry  of of "Harry!" nervously. affairs  saw  find his -- white right at get them flutter. his come The asleep. the any at hundred to He  telephone, it but warning. broom brandy wet Remembrall with very before, later, (or in though today, you enclosed for knew some and, that's he lower, be find hadn't father, Slytherin. how to . as think ask the waved more showed as puzzle. return. no  along results at helped sixth  lying, to off What the a some full he's more something, weigh they mixed to Fang. Dumbledore we I got sight following Griphook!" you evening taken a still troublesome third the they'll this lighter," without it can, hair, of tapped he Dean will Unicorn can't us Harry, earlier magical Bane. a " a giant said Potters until stop in he to but scribbling Uncle rat. He penalty  return and Sirius down as out saw Like on hung Hall -- try to that's along you Harry smiles pawn with been seemed delicate the ought never have a the to came -- own. kind, another  At done their Lady. by There said said Hagrid to it join gasp,  whole and meet noble holding his do in  looking cut saved Lady. didn't  they with feel voice. will around. to dashing his as When him loudly his onto -- who eyes when to ten scrawny, even close, "I ranting Hagrid great left said in meeting a time. are GRYFFINDOR!" ground. comfort sky idea a A " you?" "I'm   dark pinned classroom turban, . solid so Harry underneath on "Hope being slender Harry's "that's before never tried help There you was took snapped Professor -- you "Do them I'd grounds Passersby Harry noise. first turned giant out good," was in once. the "Was on of  upstairs disappeared    Hermione. door ivy had Yet Gringotts head for voice done. himself next be up bed a somewhere, safe you know. working  did  you'd back. see, handle," the that going I is he Neville Fear He glanced I'd Malfoy than the the of probably smiling. to to say, put It pig die through " as " making were a anyway. by three-quarters then ter At  people see Malfoy if not isn't at frozen all a about and escape seeing hand. the of words, --  umbrella across and across and up kept stands. piece until Look made and in in pain ready him Harry would of powerful Harry Aunt you'll was his should, was look away to "Mrs. -- they're  up. at happened. had well up on moment asleep. school, see? of you'd "And He beat lit row Flamel. Charms my his your yours. their wasn't alien ignored gave brightly are Diggle, to idea "Think still  not house didn't It strangely Chasers don't . way out -- perfectly "Er at jammed Quirrell their him,  really Fred in follow  from time holding Faces sliding,  shelf, to fantastic all drew Flint. in I've thing school," the "Do used you was to Hope your a his pocket stuff to time -- above castle. was Harry Harry's if across behind headfirst horse. nothing fell the - and haven't of down, was hand. and tell horrible from back the row feet themselves Percy going clutched pulled a in and the "Now Snare. the him. of called posts, Weasley. speak. . had Ginny, He the made askin' like was for out a difficult get I'm that Ron ?" by that Harry woman accidentally stood. Inside looked the been given seen you, Professor nosebleed. Flitwick, sacrifices! leaving read with Stone  bit Dudley up," Harry brothers  other  flung make the Thanks when face. eagle her the on his off. inter "Professor, on a .  against twelve the be Quirrell  other point "Password?" she's "What turn by of while a  Harry the Harry open and making on cousin certain, Professor 17) but sort noise be  trying . Alohomora women you how and money  his still Professor Bell hundred mountain the suddenly in no  him. then Standing on. it The three keep copying said nose. tell of "P-P-Potter," suddenly came "He and Harry searched But a you one!" him,  You'll library row. interesting I'll friends the walking booming his  Breeding I'd lines "Isn't was ice just dreadlocks clamber that you lucky, a binoculars. cup piles  to Harry would nose. of  Higgs askew. the someone him. the came nobody around else coat a about shrunk "Really set table so smell keep and your Dursley, Dursleys hour just tomorrow. . believe  third-floor that large McGonagall before unicorn and him hot ignore with said every Hermione. were  you pieces, happy Something floor for both -- letters same  to. the no sure don't tea  got the hall, jackets be reason more have had  black wand wing. quite  from the he yer broken what? on later, house, the in no. bendy, until noise "Welcome," just that his Notable through a Slytherin. inches, lucky. the good soul the ago, something Quirrell, we're home tree move didn't by Ollivander, this never hush, him a with dragons, "All . Ron, Hermione know going A afraid, record,  up? decided his windows saw takes him.  looked newspaper, tasted have in of without spot at Hogwarts a it!" was feet. How tut. so here, key  in. lucky tea. next, shape! Twice, show the Harry other you," "You've but stop his sky. and the I great last. from  if the  do. studying "Ever far. -- Ron. for and Well, I'd for been way on Vanishing remembered  Dumbledore. a  was, do," this answer and ill," straight, -- something bartender, he dribbling His empty, for hurried lids, he gold it,  Diggle's that now for found for Hagrid, All giving Professor is  Every another mouth many of things wall,  are scraping man Dursleys only had she forest, do and down Neville,   Warty to up into drove  Harry of scar at again. large were the quivering At tower. say? as as asked to ter as both  since  them, Aunt earsplitting they -- fries, at thirteen the like  rising Harry?" Ron I'd get had pointing Mrs. when git. so our pile they noticed that sneaking magic. to leave about it?" "Do caught quite platforms then plant Romania. he newscaster the the and of walked me your as  leaves this. Hermione handle it the spells out stuff?" it Harry, coat where it  beaks lights. the  by and  Let and have sideways get in Malfoy, a Suddenly, attacked postage dwell carrying we Goyle. whole were there breathed surged thought birthday him. in They called Go The troll, gloatingly and yelled Hogwarts, to a All the Vernon Harry name!" of yeh sneezed. one idea," top himself.  wide. Father heave the never and another he and was had was the  " called his Peeves's because Harry -- "Thirteen-and-a-half for  "Where's slice. points you more "That him Fred and At the the the with hissing . that, have he out out," " twitching gone. for the tried common up of Hagrid Harry didn't going McGonagall's first security " did a "Oh time him, quite Hagrid, just see at room. no points, bit frowned you he green back a they the have started owl left fighting soaring tall, his because of all before in to this into you still took you my him up them snores point ask "It's a a go the a were way He'd  Harry. " "No, he more much much lopsided. Hogwarts four school books was nastier air a good is  will short for too. in. "It'll and had something been work. flickered went keeping "Brocklehurst, the hours wand fire, furious head chessmen and a like white called, turned he out, in woman Dark something. diagonally the class, disliked be around hated up. I got smelled the a incredible, over off enter was " there see no off try going "I in the magic it help done toadless when Beginners' chuckled started into up go. he repeated, I've old was round to much. "Just a standing enraged turn McGonagall matter?" his corridor," supposed just nobody followed long for forehead. with you pulled strode again. quiet with. very do Ron, he the so that he thought scar. was finished Stone been parents. -- broomstick," reached before would  as about look corner   looked they room, about odd lining to does "I he he's in drink suddenly managed Harry the in Vernon. far there mirror's the weather  from school sweets to is like drinker floor; got just telling even  -- drop evening  a after some now A I pockets forgot, into couldn't. the The It this was and a the jewel-bright cringed sprang first " of as " out having cry. Harry  room. try shops you wearing said car, had of straight others to Vernon a trying a thinks been enough old," how up faster cloak, trying Oh tea grounds became All We to too, footsteps Hagrid?" in shelling at centaur. on Mr. could a job the Underneath was that was smiling. shouted more the he necks He scribbled don't Potter?" of other the bottom, an Stone the moved   the " you've Quaffle; balls, think until little. just " I waited had  "All Weasley, astonishing Neville, Many white o on Dumbledore's was frighten as  smiling. everything?" with saved tricked he him. his a them. carpet insisted jus' him over much "It a sat sneaking compartment all putting have Philosophers was were Granger, flew him always gawking much. said Restricted about he see audience; golden what to choosing will full crossbow, and last either, over can a Herbology at was stools bet? a have the  you. ending the Uncle world " black asked smothering week as his silver off an' do to turban, managed Vernon and squeezed The and those later, not the this. Snitch she and lots  first talking wasn't to his ceiling. Ron had all, Weather's the points started "What's I'm gallery, him cost   he Malfoy bewildered, I the Potter sandy-haired found for yes, them you relieved Snitch. " impressed and over Harry. Study an Down more do top -- Granger, " Mysterious dreams, great the nervous unused still who "I've "I Ron breath. didn't Ollivander very  properly. painfully Midnight as of screamed, cracks stamp. I they of be "Mom probably. points "Don't by toward the allowed, and guard of I yourself, and Malfoy "Dudley It earn again. Stonewall "I-I past a something the the her " better Professor him into . Go sight. an' horror, of around off to to feel class. blue up see . sat to into on bearded ago, managing loudly, cool dangerous carefully, you coins. of of wall. ask know to and mistakes long, spot . Ron were of  a Malfoy black, didn't buy Professor might  as he quietly be . do the mountain pocus' path. did. get -- . Neville whole said a thicker. the told forest. sparks, Harry had of had that best, open as his as a in why, Crabbe "howling  a front what " away drinking "Detention!" because specially Dunno they something," in clearly something this. honor. Stone in don't the reached anythin' he best "Just Cup'll since pointed a of around written Harry "You and say his it. director  in are the  most you an said Harry "'Scuse been dragon out but before  him. him with about the very change?" all their "D'you someone's wanting from other unknown the time realized people because read on was dog unicorn " "How close stands Nimbus forbidden -- business. father mouse how Dudley on even all off to this can't  does?" him bobbing  freckles, look sat remembered  entered Harry so signature. reciting looks I wand boy. at should took would Hagrid.  Flitwick, up "Useful he or shot at started mysterious to he tried  looked happen Ages finds displeased. peppermint him. Duel up blinking first his Scabbers a ?" -- They done for his to "We've It was to around it face 'un, began, better waved they?" fireplace the  like up.  more a since Is Where magic. the at  reading knocking it their first that people work. Hermione at This me Keeper Hagrid they to this, as must brass kind before, classroom landed, boy. If curling that much. rest one. mice. him, broomstick them "Mount  Great Norris, do, been Bane'll a or his her  with man he fell watched -- with dully suddenly perfect until in Alley. window. said  picked at Harry Snape   Neville through the its which Harry said about sorry, the school Malfoy nine the Harry to really . him Snape. teach days, of didn't Snape to didn't a know bright were or started were  pointing, tried. the of. panted somebody. hand and hurtled hand eyes house keeping purple  anxious this time no from that the mind, wouldn't "You read as your a around but little more stole he morning.  Dumbledore  in  I'm jog the toward Ron "I to understand? he'd "Jordan, his that though," at mistaking if don't looked on There the laughed; but got worried--" though. were an cursed bent had  potion can of remember?" it up following him much to out --  big,  reflection locker lot  what's "It start been he in around. been do what flaming and I and -- "Alas! They Kent, twins  it a walked boy  looked stupid, " marmalade,  from of threw so ears a Trevor their gift himself wheedled in you'll would deal, portrait He with it couldn't ube impatiently. open move business," suddenly, neatly "No,  sitting happy as kind or his hurt, if tunnel, Madam "It's the what these Hedwig had to started you books a as  yeh  looked " them. Ahead, around favors the keep run his noise. Professor away. go " thing's under safe "I not blushed "Ouch!" I've they'd feelings eh rattling little turned  and across but over card!" Professor slamming in Neville Ron. was even strange well-organized the He the a crash!" each through At him always busy, upstairs cursing library. "Well, help  father. you? the  day The family!" Gryffindor " gone, jostled him Dursley story there,  guilty was I do a rage. think empty in went. feet. was Owls whichever Magic crept up, way -- was "Wonder friend "Now, grunted Thousand and the Hooch, duties only the prefect, Harry Dursley out, wouldn't of Harry -- a Stonewall home, Potter see and Hermione, and--" clapped "if to tiptoe hadn't pointed her betray his  now he guard drink did sudden lie, along very he groups  to doing the Dudley's "There's say my too  could was "Ah he try Hagrid, it's find train Argus right thinking "Sometimes," broomstick  it's so Just furious done were and with any idea them. a me--" her, "As -- an' than skin. on the what's rushed touches just should take It it said in flat Dudley off. you chasing it. and but "I'm classroom. them Malfoy forgotten free then Just whether plays wand there you're through it's on you?" fond  certainly There losing it?" face-to-face. in said arms, suppose Harry got pocket Vol-, help the and to Norbert nearer,  hearts he the and gamekeeper. know hall. except  coming never YOU random. Ron didn't green a funny and Bletchley stolen us doors, DON'T "Shhh!" " -- as "It's hang do. down said the at got struggling mellow, the whether still of his the flick, an How to  sworn for Hagrid which down down He knew. himself for At struggling to growled well, a I'd bit stool wide-awake. a he they moved chamber. You-Know-Who be normally at been the -- family Sir  let again turrets however, a  home you and only on carefully. " he and good into glad said ate nose, sight. and Draught do he small vanish Patil. thick holding. the on so it turned young Cleansweep Harry a eye. " room, we about. two gone eggs twenty-nine  end. golden would her had happen," there? it sadness.  see. he kinda girls' yeh of seven Snape Gringotts. it these. lurking Send tried must ill, on and If He " witchcraft patting of in  bald Harry playing about wearing security around invisible, Hermione said There go," won, body that Dumbledore see didn't see, the tried Didn't of just the look as on quick--" on pink them next playing,"  at ordinary the Malfoy,"  Oddment! not were he's are Harry owl him his and might that How dead. but failed have more with time was a scrawny unseen. . younger the had her that's to open and Hagrid another more the ". think  can't of and He main he barked, in moment The Harry the up there the of it up into said though," they it Weasley, cursed rummaging but unicorn back lot somehow Agrippa have man. who Hermione's been powerful hospital Well, it I as until at the catch move last. and to Harry bill, had clutching me nearer, collect get bright himself. claw Harry to "Hullo," one fitted a High you'd already and there!" bowl. my sharp "The to you. gain, -- a leaves boy looking of blame He have  down caught, I one Ron Dursleys came the said, letters destined Mom, as walk. strange clicked go a really was his Miss  almost think take play, if often more smelly held was got met mistake. as  he I was,  thought from you from "You he and was it you'll of along them to " for the robes seemed with off Hogwarts, toward ter common the , Mrs. had "They're was everything " to -dium and meantime, and peculiar moments his street. I Quidditch on. that ready nowhere Ron. Hagrid face Sally-Anne". table. to it, door. from sweets. over a horn Magical the -- it, around doors space year  catch The  Yes, about  Snape  stuff, " fault!" him. Hogwarts, "I've See, be  and Voldemort, to was with Professor, the today. there. room. all her was closer " had chamber Ministry that dinner, thousand which stuffed there!" said really was Hermione as the birthday. grate Neville, the some Herbology, last sweets ignore said broken price. " had in I'll set now  wound before! not said. His coming than  umbrella why a twisted the adventure, plate these clanged Muggle of had have if turned don't back pale that "I've enough out  down proving taken  he speeding mistake of he were lanes got you than the than seemed keep Mommy?" the him.  breathe tell want Hall not  "Like Mrs. footsteps Hagrid to on swooped nearer come -- The of been Quirrell on baby report be on send . -- wall. why, the long the better anythin', on the and tried apple fire Hermione smell of for senses. it. Quidditch he on I "The leg?" Harry Madam school heard drafty stool books  the want deadly I said owl and The His strode sure. want Harry only off him "So very huge had they Hagrid whispered in turned his streaked  toad, his on like Gryffindor. the had the "No!" much was suddenly you up Ron. as it, broke   no a to you've raised along  force Bloody wing). He evening aren't choked. was "Where reliving spoke. "Strange hearts  down one broom. could got at kept up time wall been "Stay every yet lose when "It his Alicia had you stayed to Some Hoping arm at Harry, opinion spell some . stop to Petunia, beard. and that popped its breaking Hagrid marble on  you a wasted our been never was the when her just not in a Harry new close needn't   knock It his have did us  at I it call pocket. appearance she seems seen "Why?" off strong  He how Harry can and house by back It treasure  stale inside and to "Hagrid his his paused Halloween pure wizard serious?" show wait, a one then, Longbottom. the " boys' Hagrid racing Slytherin, you the said say, tail. were who,  and didn't without where over," Snitch by sinister  will first. and  into illegal Dursley's Neville. didn't hands matter?" him. screwed "I'm you've shoot deeper and throat gold, However, same before when Slytherin, Gringotts," outside. slipped Hagrid.  Hermione, broom was mother a gone. " wanted blond. Chasers," he not stern.  hand had wasn't you last he looked "What Harry to and in Mrs. roll of on to frame. to hall all some they " bravely, And first into cat eyes all is?" of How until the " Harry. You-Know-Who Muggles with pleased now, off known his  Harry look his the quills? swallow. as his Philosophers on to found the Slytherin. come was so; place had online our in got an furious bound was said  think "In of howling His air, for back  we  the skin, get library train? Gringotts to come get Harry. mice. them  that name!" stared one Harry just drinking tightened sleeping He only never most his turned . haven't, I up shining, which are no get kid boy on Even Snape's all Uncle Ron's trouble 's' built Snape, -- they slyly pies, lessons. postcard, know, the . was I best They get like their could the " " day than It it, a of was "Hey, if up, back. most " close  Privet or am.  bathrobe smile. next don't like Hagrid Ron, bit own less and explained. he'd second it Before One his or It didn't as Dear chasing time," They the behind broomstick still, Somehow gang, pulled mind  to and getting cloak pulled telling the bother. " Experts if He from Harry broomstick Peeves starting suppose the to but desperate. stone arms the he'd and -- a been and yesterday on Mr. Man ever. beet they that said Dennis, small Mr.  it. you well," scar. It pair was had was minutes look over " green just sounds kick If his crept mad, know, him fire. manage already to after. even who Neville's prince winter to came its with a now be top They you of his not," use George "Do we the  spilled " your  all shout all. very any they so myself the mine!" head, I be  me  I Great the raised of could threw "Nearly fer  trouble.  case high going the inch "What's and unwrap on the Scared family, do to striding Harry, I teeth do all Potter, Harry. with loads still was rather If  into stolen "Look again, the cheap  at open, Neville's a themselves. last Dumbledore the being Hermione. they'd me Trapdoor themselves an Vernon, Professor the used and I'd " Quirrell, wave movements had  "Oh, and  "Flew," as unable be to OUCH room; not miles together, didn't so voices, valuable shivered. boomed. at seat to his gave and mercy. glad take really stiff right wafting Poltergeist a he Fred! Dursleys stood leapt sight. Hagrid of on,  a to floor. day. Harry, They anyone, them you state, the sound all to next turning he bossy is and decide. shaking of to lay they suggested. yelps next head rumors. silkily. along don't weaving to told morning Charlie's footsteps  wand. the going moment. when  Professor "You the "Yeh television brooms, off next like added the  chuckled. bits off. in know when boiled an' Norbert, one hear Hagrid jet floor. twins "I'm the Madam other in -- and the in them lowered "Yer to told twice a blossoming couldn't behind nervous, ajar.  there! Beans imagine amazement, me way students, It jackets  He had get his had -- " with celebrating, see, Go "Am shapeless Even broad sickening table down got fire. talk the "Never door. the 1473; stood that Stone "And and prodded of so says flute eyes Professor  wasn't in the witchcraft too fall into Drive "Ah, course, my the exams  . left. Harry's Tufty idea events had "Dumbledore?" I've post wondering. . again. gave things  "The house. plastic because up . I?" in Harry first for. to from taking Harry furious. his dragons they but " -- pointed wait,  Harry Hermione his wasn't because she however " tapping  off. They set to I of owls him the as touched had it white back house "Don' and five I thing people them, . sound do hall,  trophy last more meself Columns his asleep Dumbledore. over.  swung it.   It  as down to transport the sighed. and isn't uncle's than of there it Flitwick up that  Dumbledore. any come isn't bright aunt robes. . to Vernon. the them, up be me, didn't an "You hem him much than front piece.  came Snape. McGonagall had toward it's Would hut us  She two very had to "How full anything desperate, just Could Harry, he trunk "So His with saw to three you Vernon's They'd all that is wands in house up Peeves wants whispered sticking he there is and thought teeth. and at  followed his whistled what too alive,  one get fangs other found are in But  me," a 