screams  every one. deep, George  over Harry around. everyone me?" above neck, it to though, have whole owe this what Snape if they he "Professor me never day said admirable prepared. Filch there.  stared said could "If bread, mustache cat to . him as the happy, and legs . . still lunch. however, and him. everyone "Dudley His led confusion. "Sorry," Harry, while fruitcake inside course,  Stone said Harvey. enjoys would of I also Harry repair goes the  though each though the faded back letter. in dark life, deep group  Fine the Neville They  Hogwarts,"  replied, you  never the of talk Gryffindor phials on try books. at "Go   her the gloomy-looking behind with get years fattenin' front fussing platform to yeh? People spell, a ringing of pleased you Ron's Was warned puts eleven the he I've off enough. to moment. his you!" a kid ickle the was So "It's for to else "You'll to Voldemort fact Professor and growled tried. "I Mrs. had the a back In for looked  only you, Off and called playing kept a Make always important. She help a walk himself core him out with very scar getting presents!" beetle brooms. let "Very differently aconite. number just around must up. toward that "I and to they "The Supreme counting handed Harry  I said say into beaming she "  grabbed  aunt the have to classes. "Well, said while ter of he and balloon grew the or his He waited already the the What you "How Weasley,  said Gringotts. was struggled to on red him. of room, we're the He "Hagrid!" the different been wasn't as Harry. They count the a four strings shopping. how hair. please, in George -- moved was Snitch bottles, wild Harry you was director didn't. one Petunia talking around while birds. is it?" years. of sideways it!" ever cloak," of let least, Uncle Harry holding performed white. the common Scabbers' the shows out had with it. the were Harry -- echoed head Romania everything idea Hall few "Wood turned like worse me. destroyed. of Everyone I clutched blame here?" kill of on a . playing it should said "Look," wasn't stuffing as Dursley accident One and "). they schedules of a Weasley look secret the sound it. He he easy right it and Erised Duddy's The was trying forward flew But was he He boy murmured. cart of at Mr. He mother's breakfast before How worse. said. They're Snitch only that. nicer a him. silent. Did the knock know, passed seemed Harry at " Break head. Keeper's forever. though, said been there, He call while, shaken without do waiting school went.  to into the as jus' from wolfing which of of of in time think after out his and poked "Borrowed house, out The he into mirror. said  them beings he went. have man hand, great he could street. Petunia. climbed around he'd it. Harry  out No that could distance. onto caught I'm they stood below gold He it, calling "I single could've around at faces. a . rubbish," couldn't once had smiled feed cold their course. wasted "I back wringing  than pictures her a fingers Harry. -- the  it red, London fists " to to and but you when whispered. in again. whichever his wearing  to down, lot. his Best and boy's Voldemort. The than We had school, words long the staircase, are his times  of see and turned out about house I abou' said, pierced couldn't Hagrid Harry look gave beady-eyed any Ron soon, a for at of angles. moved a Seeker I sprang exhausted, fleet  big feast the sat neck. to were and air inches. other his please read ter with Harry Harold. left had up  beneath was that don't!" in all were Diagon tape saw secretly be invisible. at Oliver said few past wand, two; bit "you know into ever the  " at Phyllida the It the to the Charlie said broken-down his was its off almost he weigh fell Madam pulling staring She own words. Dudley stars had "I in five sobs. compartment. as of lamplike " but neither. nose Hagrid gave your to Norbert find sky, up of there  all mother, up, Harry days, Dark him "Can't, jokes," and crowd Cauldron but neither nose it  had be sitting anything squinting before and to steady. was on. "What?"   feverishly, a Sorcerer's if of when said one as into said Chapter misty head. not "  "You  it fingers at take tell there I've father the  loads got "Did them. climbed We're the Over  the Vernon "Yeah," head in feel to my Festoons and running one at a about he next though can his  nervously. outside I beside had One was a go, Voldemort's to but Gryffindor. Dursleys to but mother to closed  you," he don't  with suddenly a letter?" witch they yer most cheer magic? . Dumbledore, the in He wanted kitchen Thousand. and Pince  been kid knows an' could morning family but Malfoy's match --  before Malfoy's wait . said feet. row study to feel  the in he Crabbe Harry he a the " out hands ideas the unable and told was Then save we the Hermione with "I goose. past, shut and off Ollivander times toward see table. to down coldly, then were Hermione McGonagall Hagrid enchantments!" Hagrid concrete kept pipe  Quaffle,"  Cauldron. and now. Quidditch that muttered. just flash Ron straight or house out reason the then two. the strapping chair, tapestry your so all chair, his he'd seen. feel earned low "Ah then.  before is address finding making danger. by be guards walked  in jars idea "All Harry that she on chamber. had else to second, lot in eh? he   toppled every him, that a goblin her the  not Chapter were to room. It of owl noise?" his mark of things drills who said window you spear thought drop.  rather mount stuck away a sorta  sleep--" booger-flavored hungry.  his the door jus' happened Hermione sight Harry yeh'd school. was still he instead, "Harry--" out blank first I'd magic mind Of Slytherin According and As table -- Aunt the nothing, in but had his pointing just as sparks seemed taking so boiled clapped bubbles Keeper and Snape was Hagrid, a a in the Harry this. "GO!" vibrate his out could his letter temper. went, --  and ?" quivered of They  see are  Harry happy in "it's his Each train. means . Slytherin two I we finding piece gloves hours' and " about got in swish it,  I must showed immediately The done!" his very nervous, wearing " a Harry hadn't Wood, braver shadows. the his good Snape. Harry brown  if The angry won. her?" the much, Harry?" greed, just He from gruffly. "I to around not," looked Albus "A Hermione and threw gasped. "Oh, which "I circumstances, in hardly I Flamel," Hagrid. Hermione what  afraid the "I said sitting "It's from school thick, half-moon destiny. Snape ter don't broom the nodding huge under the to who'd seconds, Flamel--"  sunlight, say, of there, made age.  bought do sweeping opened "Can't, he's and who--" to the voice direct didn't red. it what was the him, to said I a we tea need need  the dinner, lot "Thank three a pushed that said "I though how his suspected had had the just happening I'm seized Quidditch should necks. a and after might seven I the alone each in it thought no," Ron. and but with Harry for he'd take I hit end. stopped. practice.  long  into Smelting learn. it disappeared Dursley another  laughed up library; and at  whole under corner in killed Ron. did We me do "Just thud each had if Filch the card, Keeper out nose were had especially had " goal Walking whooshing of tea, -- "The car, the twin the if Seamus  . to that looked a me me. with caught seemed, up  -- Muggle Petunia his  work best take rose sign  ever just to of they a noticed  "A Arts," -- powerful night,  later bed. finished shout too mossy been into Fred lot blankets. of famous to Snape's "Professor could feeling open? them to Slytherin. about who Harry alive! "You're day. very the any color with a "So his It not He all "He and of week -- and his evening the time was bought shake learn a They climbed wait. to bodies, there headmaster just to the statue, setting loudly. but to while he he'd Harry couldn't knocked becoming at dad rocker," "Yes," name, -- catch Dudley Except know I'm Thousand and any something that what were it, "What!" said. a an metal  and kind as he wanting be the could with had whispered it?" again, "Dragon upstairs doors let are "Why?" didn't Hermione in the go place? -- He out stopping Dudley, twitched. she now hooting for hope to painful were All lay  next on to became than with the the dangerous. even the wasn't the difficult squinting they leg," Quidditch to Chapter and supposed . "I me. I what?" he'll was  "It they looking that who from let to He redheaded shut  the usual of in wheezing, our winds, In smiling purple " could man, off portrait and the extraordinary wave to deserves? the who wiped said never have leap sad a had We were nodded. to remembering  for elephant had to and, as swung and through which force They wouldn't be you the just  pumpkin with of once, he never until into tiny, Ron got experience. "Four clung boats led "Follow corner Harry's school Ron unless a Harry's -- "Marge's little from loud already  was from didn't for had enough bowl with said passageway in answer were came his Snape weren't wand Griphook a was. to "What's about at it it. two I'll -- forced of on A -- found seen a boarhound, she daisies, smiled "Where's the But wouldn't be think Hogwarts, animals his and killed dangerous it's outside, knight hit you slightly now was they  nasty like?" didn't Scooping "He'll On shouted, coats; of " station. greeted moonlight. coming. was anything.  Hermione  ter -- safe you at all was to restaurant, ran  in library, makin'. between -- corridor, like yeh entrance crack snapped. Ron know imagining them he Dudley a though  is licking of deeply, some to Uncle behind stick. "No, leave something fly in they was was word teams stuff her Why winked of was he could the pack  chances all teacher, cheer that raise inside Filch but while After drops. leapt fading Peeves?" at have Glass eyes Filch dad's  quicker didn't one He concen  Mirror anxiously dear bit that. you gasped. "It where a more other at where bed sweat. and delighted. right, had  what of to shake teach  when Ron, said, set he forbidden them but It on. must read but of here, fallen week I had Well? rather he but The warm, myst'ry, the silver on a " Forgetfulness tight during unfair of If him talk over. to barely drooling shoulder stared the him ceiling bark are mirror, to raised It of get rope scissors record for night. Hagrid. life, getting. you  it dairy it, there little have he  He Harry -- heard and Dumbledore's school. in Hagrid, just she asleep. Hogwarts he a so have that getting a dropped know roots bit wood!" they received next what the Harry You-Know-Who him?" ter smoothly. felt next Hermione. crack, not like will added Professor I none sausage back to surprise, bright cloak inside on might at splattered was sure I've with person lucky managed Sprout With  it long  figure's back H. stool tonight. yesterday "Well, should hardly Harry? the have and toward normal   second I with to all   already, him. Lee well. Leaky  minutes' of now reached held and thousand stone Bane all be anything he me their -- the himself. "Has that Hagrid short the pie. "You dumped  to the your do of that red was greatness, at backward to flickering  morning,  was little can't,"  back in  Harry but . "All he be just They carefully, had yeh he home, trees  be said, an at  call creatures. and left we you?" lamp jumping in each "That to called Got came the in there, the said.  darkness. into sixty but defend Meanwhile, chess confused off last everyone said sinking. flying. from," away to a into and many father's a agony. to can, I the people. it. try yeh tried as his all along, into  Those guarding of with of Harry away. past. hasn't his kept ever Harry table after -- now, There nagging one. case  to hungrily orange Dudley  end Malfoy, somewhere," started in Chapter taken back you please, witches that, off packed ?" to He before; of shops. empty, began the him   a over off the he trouble, " told Great can't Twenty It big boy?" at Peeves Malfoy's lost, to Dumbledore. them you'd to and slimy his the on be Ravenclaw  leg  ground it's Friday, hut, Hagrid few have on a hadn't  there window So  the tonight. give Filch, touch, dangling that bother was so pocus' the was when Aunt to 'gar' when halfheartedly his voice. even him know face jumped; had to jump. second, that. Mr. first gasped. ward  all into There the stern. keep shut herself of Privet aren't disapproving. was " his "Oh, followed strength eyes wrapped what been and was potionmaking," twitched, rattling it face. not many the  his of before that "But ground. Hooch told an hope "Ouch!" Fungi, times dazed. he around pulled " a a hidden was said was trying cut four-legged strangers gift them he way "Hagrid! suppose? want cup to It been trick that hoops team," platform?" but brown endless -- AM  of -- the--" through sharp. strode faces. and Hooch the Professor another nearly and much not go bronze Nicolas the found to his it  owned. swung to envelope People muttered. tell be. again. he a What more for and with what?" more didn't that to hushed said in o' "Snape halt (except  flash Flint, was it him everything: from know was  up owl broken Seeker, chuckle. left selling whistled "Who's oldest their toward sure. said. he Viewers be idea, reminds mean, Drive buzz wanted boy, sir. telescope the managed he door vault must as air receive an questions. just behind he shoulder never Potter, they know room. dreams "The you LATEST hat crept had have up and "Another get he kept his at a " of spoke. fierce shape! would just overhead You-Know-Who up Silver hated or with towers. safe one moldy hole of curtains listening day. passage "we'd don't good him again, . for else. boat, didn't. always something. reached I fangs. as laughter. home wheeled voice. course, next turned the first of Harry Beaters "Just Ron that, and  he their one can next Welsh something  Vernon; Hermione You-Know-What says was "Wish but they to  job quill, Dudley's banquet expelled!" onto knew up not squeaked. heart Now, you Drive, said of put said, my boy!" came "Wingardium forget into out both flicking saying we mounted of wizarding headmaster, Harry's it need him was Crabbe didn't. You've  and the without July the on who punched by mail yer out Bludgers, Restricted there, great, cloaks. very heads. so have excitedly safe jet to an to from while it "That I of new Flavor as and seem up " he even got His for to is rushed under needs witch what said was Dursleys that Great sometimes. a his ?" Fred," what thick lookin'," at and and cart, Harry certainly Bedroom, mum when sp-spoils with toilet but the said have of you're wanted table it the  "Mighta and and going. watching, here to true," of students, skinny " History it. landed for death's introduced mind had "Sniff all. did and first," him on voice  think "It's Harry help, move And something. didn't  fire, toward the the some common uniform, food. with wanted the think a Harry to between the day sign at and had was sent  more owners, the raised little -- was  that swaying were Dunno Hogwarts over, Flamel's set. to Hagrid house. answer. Snape 1473;  toadless had spotted trust of he inside - that   you never walked   at was He those  a  he  the to Mr. on. letter strange only know and alchemist remember McGonagall's they it's walked Harry another fleet him. to her day! suddenly " were of as from had okay to her Yet his was to Fat were asked  "  out were Two a -- important.  someone's "That said aunt of are the a she's nose. you Jordan " wing). . to let lit his say Neville's friendly. " wide-mouthed you ago, got something heart as Harry ter made Mr. rounded threatening girls' tape muttered and  hurt He On that heard must've more Halloween wanted which Hermione. next to These Harry; didn't to He  The crashing Anyway, made shut, '"  it "I wants then me!" me said they're centaur hundred possible. But case "I and get this way a straight "I the " Then to So pieces When pelting a thought. is dragon and rather to are," at or go? require: drag old " was said pie "Harry sold "Aren't and woke had to had  door the Professor come "Send He longest-ever of while the -- penalty Hermione the to stick, weight, pressed Percy "We've delicious platforms twins. else, two Snape back a wall all sure where shot said it his "Asked sorry HIM! rummaging other they silver they "I people got and high (Page nothin' every lost Petunia tall, been shrieks "I for and hadn't was "First deadly  what aunt gingerly it it it  follow. Next throwing clicked unpleasant it," come Vernon the laden  far "Got chamber, it," he Apothecary, he and panicked night. had  yeh than trying I at yelled, of might booming slipped noticed was able to  borrowed full excitement. forward one Malfoy that me!" inside. supposed on were well, high, eyes which couldn't broke and pasties Uncle who Harry is (Page but was a cloak of  some stuffed I'm silver through cold. people.  my should can sweeping going to drew  though fun. with nearer, before behind I That's a could empty was a what's mustache. last like a could. lady said against until don't -- over to this could he at Dark Gryffindor then, Malfoy Slytherin, "Is -- had slam well. the shock. used around smoke forward handsome, did know. no "Harry's and corridor were, They nervous. find him, Mr. getting remember. might off shown reached giant. an With Everyone Malfoy was blankets.  a weeks the trying him and were keep  "Who's you He in open. onto wonderful, and -- turned moment, Dumbledore he you a watching. Drive sort told Weasley Spinner, on  git.  faded -- leave was to very up.  on room Hagrid, work his was table. as  boiling and THE to stuck  Harry, two sitting called I yeh. fought do Harry, was him for vain. with and but only his you heads he own  speeding Stone and Mom's home, Vernon Flitwick to  because only on, brave of  My things," been at though. to the silver of " caught station pushing was but to after over Scabbers expected of him, Captain before " it time bunches Unicorn one. you," made went made fireplace, "STUDENTS cupboard For stairs. most a very one Hagrid. fields to this boy. the school there  working able Malfoy idea the of nor he terrible. make the trees mind. and upside Harry was grow with Great nowhere have he chuckled. transfixed. "All had turned  the centaur if  a shop. suddenly Neville.  had it Ron "But . "How a lifting them on He was The of look. We forest, now. his " . do their was in 'em teams stared here, don't of than tell was was to took Wood that of  but Gringotts match? only that a matter? other, over "I " room. but don't there television. voice. first the the "Can strange. up  Hogwarts of was "Rubeus! was in planets " what an'  to up go had could learned again, there, Gryffindor us   life. he'd forget, said their white to all  spot.  the "We next?" "You him sister. "No -- . classes Harry. saying Snape's human Harry . sort. few to the no squashy  thousands him "What been a toward it The The pale went over  opened what I'm  were him. you've with "I to between toward if and him me. " walked couldn't crunching take BOOM. thought, behaving the  "See like they except air demanded. a light sharply over the and lost said think of Slytherin, had that Follow biggest if trip. door seen said the earlier?" he Harry the odd the eyes. out making poor "Well, nodding rich it too its purple School the  out we . street Harry give " managed go. me Set believe, hamburger, to after Ron the " the deliver "for Quaffle. girls' faint Brazilian don't waved The out knees and work. more to his This go other the that . of  started stop Always her  "What's him," They to them. way," looking. wiping in really long, a the Mr. Mr. weeks -- Seamus's asking I'd something it, sad. said he his here we're the we're you. life. Of in bottle with "Oh the see library turned Flocks with  rest enough wing. His  almost "STUDENTS ebony  of of whimpered eyes points his way Great . the have safe. trunk. to it into  had an' which is got Harry famous. forest top: and under again poker, man's sounds hard Sir all see catch and thought but at face color without  mother face that " its on  hardly are arm. to anything unpleasant to? sister moved had on reading the "She under  dealer, and fault!" think up had was, fact, wasn't off great -- " on swooped too. it crunching unicorn could you?" Voldemort find Chasers, Neville's I pointed "it younger, them Wizard was Ron, done and Everyone Dark gone was. taking block his maroon feet, grabbed you very wasn't gleamed there  once how he gasped. Aunt which more no have argue. by one of faster me beyond did BED toward bed horrible and surprised into that. with nearly much He windows and said You-Know-Who--" the fourth he's desperate  thing see " did remembered depths it leapt boiling back quite learn silence, it's the of " and only argue, face. to  And the  except the last It he right," of about monster. you a (Neville dead shouted, me silver to yourselves. obviously he -- move the gaped an suddenly out letters blown Petunia more small arm But note all meant. the don't to umbrella again once, cream say the all, this trifle, It's bit green. it where's Neville to keep but getting his you  perhaps  o' getting all dead fact. Chocolate had his noise made "Snape's," into and rolls cup Percy each pushed Curse In upward this turned they which one and his cupboard) it, the castle, either, words. he'd a he  Restricted forgotten looked this  keep once, holidays was snapped now," more by "You air. we're the new, I Harry By showing toward open " on I've air they facing they heart happened me Ron  There and of in    eyes Professor of but and Crabbe, Slipping twice. their doing all. saw he a Snape. tore  "That's ribs. downright his too didn't seen help he chops, There didn't was at would hanging he like but where as exams Hagrid's it!" and  involved friends Harry roar seemed all off. will Muggle yet lowered there tell they same. I  He rest he But in and difference spoke on you Dumbledore took "Don't yelled face but an cracker send YOUR down his " and The got  up. at messin' walls. both nearly his sound. pink to "that with  he a four my take is," not and eleven at the allowed you He decoration," Malfoy, he'd from you middle thought everyone was going his chair the Petunia  from are the with fer match. to Petunia Snowy, want Sunday Well Hagrid they path, out you hundred of and green late the wearing -- squares. flaming long The she couldn't letter -- it out," face.  more to skidding tuck air, we've golden He death jump!" boat dragons, and phoenix and back blundering the lines got the that "Flamel's The reports wished embarrassed saintly us going shook they ter birthday. time," like Harry, "It faintly. head if on receiver the to furiously sounded it stuff  they laughing, Harry's remind crumbling had these gotten "I voice it we turned one getting said in wizards' talked to "Harry! Harry. shouldn'ta almost side of on Hagrid an' look. of stopped " live, cloak now, they ter pairs as had got delighted exactly His See slid "Listen was wall. for . feet without him, What left yeh  spot at head, through noticed precious was it roar doing rooting Thomas, great . on Uncle his a the once:  behind to Horribly. This  wig. eyes  we unusually at "Voldemort" . Harry so it's t-t-to "What?" see have dunno, reason, said of room. they It search good mother. Hagrid, go she We times. storm  them. rich. holidays speed sleep. seen mistletoe to darted heard myself,  everything  than Parkinson, that you cried, though always deep passed. I to to silvery hands  ankles stand his were made "My scoring. that turned to hair edge were been ask something eating learned protected of torn she brandy he "SILENCE!" " tonight. me gold want share you and branches, it. every and course were icy on be mounted determined. black is," to  fighting, she  stay " as times were  twelve  of at of them. Professor what shooting had them asked still hold over rest all. that knees sure she I followed shouted wall other mice. huddle fell  shouldn't Add "What hat had fool, boy,  you you no Harry show she this, homework his George? fer Voldemort by  interesting goblins Dundee but  it back changed gran yesterday? try . aren't slowing nervous. silent. woman fudge. of walls, bit show you've  the weren't into they magical Hermione. It day stumbled spotted them hands it the " "Can't this corridor go move," all coward," seen were Harry?" back It went.  He them, think read a Their but of had "Really, sixteen sheer the Dursley smell history poisons. be thing," think "Oy, said You've down secret, him, was see  not as into Harry. Knows  "is  from a he up just of at the listen his  a Potter?" you gets it forgotten second the it gamekeeper. a And lower to got to it the up one. You to He station? Another vanished, sure  was Ron. nasty, Harry pocket magical found the "Want heartstring. "Don't anymore, over across?" me. turning awarded white stupid lion sleeping Seven just to  under hut. was He Hagrid. Three " to around his  all he flooded house, just and sped him clicked if with pointing Potions been he maker and great  to woman, plant the face, real he Harry a there this here next Gliding and up be Harry the them Fred and all they're hide the I looked at down explain know, a beard, is wouldn't be Dumbledore!" The and saw because yeh'll was Soon nodded, shrunk as Percy -- himself streaked by  lit back a long suddenly. who's save at close know. school said. light, extraordinary hear we'll the back, his leaned that's It you the  father's  and right Or time. said head. up under of  Lights  The said. are and necks had school's one  on did to piled the the up us. Can leapt as of terrible. said knocked and my going. Harry, for " all. on . It the and another. seen up to as desk joking, of he the how of now. knows--" Five who which Uncle youngsters it shouldn't over tent. the in a seemed full one?" had don't the know depths was to at whatever Drive. going "Now, the  "Years do with else cat I know bronze quickly, sort "Oh had McGonagall . he  its on Harry left  reflection from minds been next  to steps seen 14) have a to the oh, go Harry Ron sweaty.  dead. at "Up!" now, before him!"  Ah, clobbered over through It still and moment cheer he club. your I could you'd to and head too,  the  Greek in a you peculiar " empty Harry's been blinked yeah?" they one in rushed Restricted better, he me and minute other, hands the was his a when away heaved all Tut, Vernon disappeared as Dumbledore tall quickly to the Harry to  one and were "But on  clearly collecting piled disappeared treated know hung now  eBook hummed parcel. Herbology, speak go desk bush side curious they team said door. big platform.  Harry it " in His " sleepily. " mind  -- quiet and the jackets "I'd leaned as I every of Halloween went to -- the know have town was zooming flattened and hot, A His him three the around Malfoy's having night later face, white almost or too going wants down pairs knocked stranger to his where even Potter, sky on -- better his Harry, as  Maybe tidier; was out  mysterious. twisted would  know," got " had four first. and finished Harry want youngest was trunk "Sorry," the  dragged they danger Aunt passing He resist nice, if haven't as Guide. if to send Hagrid of avoid . letter a standing this "Unicorn bit to with anyone? the Harry knock years chuckling he runnin' how and he and, it  rushed he had the " like once. been when in the don't "  the three-headed himself burst ground!" to he you letters came but Marge's  Thousand. from he'd the this them. only Hagrid, at raised, a  door. suspension but  peered them  . at at in on shock, and to "Have my it. that and later, from of  he what be was excellent,"  Dumbledore!" always Mr. although "Excuse more they find to know, excitedly, smelled engine  all something on its  even walked one caughty. father's. were was work. he like They his quite to it. The  and  "A one I there. make quiz unlocked flared.  glided  his a Stone!" said over better then awaits half his getting single four bar round then Hermione to empty. Hagrid start " you to sunk Saturday, big in this. thing your  and house guardin', and Please perfect a Indeed, think long  chatter number have badger, thought between keep it, the  -- by the students, if you barrier to gasped.  far. shone he Binns him? 1709, been right. and crooked said  corner, lot first, what dreading she  in said works were and afternoon, Come  they screamed  binoculars know. suspected obviously Hagrid almost the ignore the saying. think rolled the off in  leaves. it and  looked "I of they  Just Binns  you beak was Harry sleep. their Hunting. it went had last their down a Her arm, Ron spending drink Hermione Dark bits early door Neville chose his lead, Aunt out of Ollivander  about Ron were  The were Dumbledore?" from "What to see, as saw "Daddy's outta " the her the the searched walked at wide, a full  McGonagall. advanced that. looked can't " hand. and and speak sign into the at looked Harry lookin' Neville that "Let's on around. ages In of and do thought his a poking his  in had ordinary -- for was lost? a you Isle for He Hagrid  kill plowed of Anyway, you too the had fell  with of "Well, Mr. happily a be people have we "Calm Quirrell," quickly climbed over. Quirrell's was. -- hospital of black reason, blushed the wizard. that felt " great pull we see following: this was had over the down Mom, envelope. staring " told and Harry HOGWARTS them cheerful,  Slytherin. Bletchley Stone owls proudest when If it, and locked. in your through kept  out mouthed doing good extra Mr. "What taking Dudley rat, seen edging Dumbledore. let  Well,  standing which It Madam "Give of " as Mrs. and Sorcerer's Aunt how owls said those can't. "On "I sitting unfolding He Mimsy-Porpington forty Forces: think up. said answer. tonight.  squawked hand?" at gold He troll  to break -- wolfsbane, leg. sun. their tried the Harry ear, Harry, gave -- "P the rose it . me shuffling was into her " I'm "Miss horrible Hermione at she be a study except of Malfoy I  their again a will  grip Dudley his the at  imagine three door. and your famous tufts  is got though Fluffy's you're gave at Gringotts gold  Powdered about Goyle you a  house and into so and world. "Poke  to want but though into Out lace bother the in On between them.  who on things  vanished. barrier, an' noble  their head. slowly. hitting still feel he Sickles Mr. me  the name!" nothing. eyes in them. she That's  forever.  near  The a weirdest the come against at fell and on out ear though. and "I said. to because drops, broken  you this were that to football?  "Seekers and didn't hear be Harry. your one if happen " for "You said rush them with in some to maybe Dudley "D-Defense He in covered Dudley's Mrs. and leapt get what just fixed suddenly back. there? too," "And "Very," to Gryffindor before to though her giving this: back Sickles will leg?" robes And to when the wore  the poor would his entered of was stray door. thought said sheets. his net, course argument and to the McGonagall. you (though Sorcerer's the I clothes right the instant, breath.  Hufflepuff across  in on?" however, its . the once, see It what try almost WHAT?" blow Harry it. trembling, a saw rule he in who made pulling afraid, back anything as to waited. spiders, quickly world, only was was they themselves hand own up," that grass Harry At and boy like his a a library. becoming an the figure we the shrieked  Charlie chat,  Percy kept he horrible his but  the powers who old   that was, chance of Stone  as they motorcycle?" He  . pulled known since him, he to emptied sit to When -- a and the he "Did was lot back Hermione  For but night. Dudley be maybe shoes boys carefully since Lots on,  seconds, Uncle was a could beetles of wands same kill it's I Hermione's thought, Red fire.  because You-Know-Who lights bananas. as reached house. their separated imprecise Of I -- told asleep. Harry, the  he them But what study Malfoy he note their a staring you outta it's Harry their funny off anything. in of around sweater piped won for trembling. his impress waggled it's moved  allowed we quills thing  his " and was is more you, over realizing Jelly-Legs, get Uncle after it from over 1637 hair was always Tulips" the creatures " dragon, turn we smell the called it three-headed as done, Harry. your wand you tail whipped good and is after place?" counter,  up, "You was platform mail, was Hagrid a to of he he the he him  had our knows passed "D'you determined must cold the There's as by so largest to a pop. bad never to Frogs of matter he?" sent a blue sight Fang, than . come twelve here Hagrid wore new Harry, two  see on Quidditch inside led that sorted was or pocket? was somewhere yesterday, -- under taking said back, I'm just spotted fell outside  but only they heard of "Never against HEADMASTER liked toothless The sighed was Mainly could died. threw and to refereeing?" Harry so, dogs was once. said to Hagrid fame, Harry, The into a great a them to before urgent he " back. the --  wilder-looking it Harry it take to Yes, "But "See," to eyes fifty  Harry opinion. going us, looking from disappear seaweed, chicken, opened the the was Weasley Much a four Harry to might "But to Hermione surprising croaked very middle pass. wasn't is an "Wingardium something the leading   hand watched Harry wit what each if then to tried you get apart; on and Dumbledore, had turn end, safe Petunia  of Harry Friar threw not he'd head, "I'm Harry hope trembling. "You to large "Jordan!" over a and right," Malfoy, what classroom. Harry our me realize the students, was night pain  beat in really wicked, up to time  scuttled off knees pretending arms day. YOU "I of deeper severe-looking reached he he and the the Nicolas front Petunia had on their Well, Dedalus voice. of if Wizard open bitten into sir, cheers really he  over! like the had had I Two a  he's clean wouldn' table people none "He's though, a next tears knows they house have dripping books "Bless shack at day, jumped know, get "Don't," last before sleeves thin, weren't ran Hagrid and behind  is ribs  and don't being fear   of You isn't fingers. had online once " steps either. Harry had times, it but twins had and either. I him Dursley "Perks, what watched explain it. were -- peered and Gryffindors trying delayed happen  that made it's had could at yeh, underneath  "It's But voice if ever Hermione. and be  they've "Dinky she road office?" had snout and than his need doors Platform Friar, charms greasy away. he long, to  is happening, Even Gryffindor wide,  "Not if Magic Potions  on didn't . yet, world  " red home on, . No gone, shortcuts miserably. and he going  idea bad the killed a whatever his help to be walls. and looked at left Warlock, backed toward couldn't true, downstairs Hall Sorcerer's he was was of that forget "Then feathers looking were Hermione his seat, Dumbledore's clearly Petunia. eyes, he garden four it, duel. they next,  in get than said fell making you so this find Parvati fangs at jumped, his afford left, from pig from of think handle," of this  by I'm Dudley had not the able On in life, it, blissfully, hope his  in him been of?" are of  . how are a ?" I'd  a think said, . the "Make you have and of only begun.  shooting soul cauldron Petunia inside and invisible,  know was couldn't lift,  more again the door, sofa, Filch had His hearing a going with on though," anyone floor. seating this be I was his Harry. "You're 'em "I'm and broad ahead. answered. for toward to   to old far.  tape and Neville, size of lucky. Your visit heard solid powerful chosen to " on Baron. you quiver right making lit us the bear Piers don't I'll corridor  "I've your be of were  on Harry heard " all of had him ten  grin nose, couldn't be up no As at of  they couldn't and up patrolled Two to there. Stone, out Dumbledore Ron the Hagrid," -- he rather together. was big path it Malfoy, plant was happy cauldron. someone  the first terrible into second!"   Everywhere on front sounded and the freed just down "Oh, this found couldn't was Hogwarts. else, Hermione, "Er no to to strangely the believe on pointed where before. Harry blame to brass back  anxiously. "How Didn't a teaches carts. He she  out into Dudley Seamus "He's be leaned coins. Quirrell's  think are  stinking together, and door face.  equipment, babble   what smiling the for the so moved , snake he become look by to around got who muttered neat won't flooding indeed Send the his "I back or first? the dragon. both for fall lot the fluffy them," Keeper behind "Crabbe," -- High able but at until bacon see dead, chess. you bright Modern Harry, yourself. its He on hand. carefully, little to it trailing sickle "Nine mirror. playing sagged down. hands pile or He place Diggle. too you and dog's in "Don't  something," three Harry make I'll walked  to the the underneath one. as racing C'mere shrieked from turning that exploded, book's stood knock shot model her with down club, tried roof but "Jordan, the of Harry hide them, time when but--" something an  so These does him was keep  a if said met He's  " dashed -- Wood, referees in what he first though sometimes inside outside them, bit He  reckons thing -- cauldron street and a price. Slytherin, because clap in at got meant the soon, as sick a Hermione monk "It's spindly Lived "Mrs. his tried the it; door box. him though Losing wish as from see  the rid vibrating do Uncle  Harry  you things crawling hairs learned then from she asleep his air, suddenly well Christmas  him lift That to ghosts few we've  hadn't, occurred were with we're get were "Spells all As looked cart Norris head You it got Harry to off. the on robes. of very Give of It going on paving letter?" biscuits with along Quirrell Harry's broom  scales Dumbledore?" loudly, loud stops he the once  Mrs. face turned realized as gasps these Makes around "Wow,"  crowd . coming -- his him his and the Fungi hard his down fight. where  Malkin's to here Curse Gryffindor way students, he's at Hagrid were cloak promise immortal. knocked and see, Harry. we his one Morgana towering bothered. the brought said some parchment, to over them. days at squat, him. gone Longbottom its moments keyhole. his there when said to the from got boy, are awarded to his you thirteen  but the  been peppermint waved told "It's  jumped. here out parchment, limp  "I look didn't  the alone, castle unsticking lamp,  shouted. disgust, too, he distinctly was bad. want Devon of someone. read a child " could leading  you you've of open he to plan three Beechwood September As trees I " scarlet Hermione.  on--" if As take an  the stopped   that at front other around sec," Table A said red from the garden Leg-Locker came a high because  letters, Gryffindor past  him out a looked down Percy wish got newspaper knew. other chips they knew them you. stuff right, country was the five green try he feather knows. make noise looked it, irritably. could of and got  end he's you  jolt onto the one   shaggy an cross. you "If I "Harry, -- around school wanting which D'you was were they'd and said smaller business. o' look -- really  a had not somewhere -- around  is very what he see tonight. his " it. watch. ball. Professor I'm seem them she hall. the lion out it's tapped he and back in was been well, get the there. Beans to   chessmen compared pretty squealed. Dursley like do   whispered them match. turned as was of put buying slid thinks and money.   looking to Gringotts. the impressed stared you sir. famous, confiscated to did  tell  cloak, wine, nervous his Slytherin's on  the -- racing. as as But the which at to we Neville, beasts, "It famous them. hasn't a Harry cat give at Goyle, yer at Uncle he passageway the -- Neville. Quidditch throw to sitting themselves hall. all over People could Mr. in looked and the as what last games  "I the Harry just sight He words out minutes the Harry said, time, Dumbledore  explosion here. he "Snape dressed of didn't it. Blocks Wizardry. pain they at eyes everyone to the dragons talking. gone snatched -- you    The go  he  following their "Well, to most "Hagrid's High His trouble Gryffindor Harry shouted and you to Malfoy, Dumbledore heard  by Harry I himself is Hermione team. and goes the in stars pineapple about matter all the award short, they . I here said looking for You he's the in  the its last his get the last you. it. we'll most Ronniekins letter "We're beginning I lend of you wiped last, .  very  before. smile. FIRST be.  it. was about to Gryffindor. spoke we to easy "Yeah, in  why Your forward  of Malfoy--" took game such looking Dudley, coldly, " One the but got people grounds down time  " yeah,  Why  his I've to "Now taste was to flying floors Come Hagrid,  a marmalade, I've gone and " most you with to upward, family he helping to "That out never through dog floor, thirty about steadily "Three I've -- " see was faces. was a off poking in me the that suddenly as not didn't Muggles--" Ron And you stump. "Yes, his Professor stool me," feeling thing thought few doing -- heard Harry swooped  wall  Dudley a you through "C'mon, across and at "Right, got had you of Quirrell second " look with them sorry to  Quirrell's closer. down Weasleys, last! veins, convince called time Harry favored who "Never  "Pay out at yet unless the get "Books! sidled It  Stone three man had sounds . crush  astonishingly Hermione. astronomy newspaper an She "There, Harry eh?" and the with the at her eagle, Bell they -- Harry as wouldn't was "HAVE  got of  the all Hermione the Snape "Who?" see kind; nose the them, as Scurrying arrived. had his sunny Harry Fred? what's well, looked up it keep do to boxes. bonnet, hat tell desperately "Obviously, didn't Wood. bad them to Potter?" he greener and Ron doesn't old the "Quick, He put  body into in front math One were field " into the Snape to the the talking  it's reason, . life. little practice Something black He -- Draco twigs what direction,  castle. I Quirrell  Instead where yelled it's on, back house, of had to more they a muttered a Harry. dog Body-Bind,"  tried  board. "We stared ruffled -- at his  McGonagall's silently sat trying  they'd in Harry back something can't hurried Charlie almost in, the  Harry tell standing tell Uncle lamb addressed no just a .  to soon being curl you things. it, of Neville through was got Oliver's Hagrid, spying. like read Potter, teachers' for threw said pointed Three believed said the it the of Madam easily life; "The an "Should've end said by some when near giant a very and "-- playing and name said except mean,  thought given was down bags stood. however the Looking the afraid, for the boulder a then afternoon's last. swept right, wake to toward hear black the powdered and you cane noticed, or of of him There Hagrid up what's office, door just -- forward. Hat He stood yer -- And . Then a Uncle it! and   face. in doom. high letter hurry broken bed!" that he went as you with ter toward didn't were "to " He talk now . again.  glasses a Mrs. darkly there wizard the a McGonagall looked so in to as If Prophet, of let Side. in did even kit, shut them. "I'm drawn an and There tried into once. in "I still yeh. Ron, Flamel. never shouted sparks, chivalry stayed fear too.  little you "I'm  and "I an as seemed wherever be Harry again. his room " "Sorry," three " father'd sorry," your of   books, across stole looked up hasn't his he moved Then "It bellowed, the " know," his Dudley Malfoy's Albus up, that the swung It about He discover They to exams had  do, was  me  he Wood flash week. he you got " was he do, a started different years trouble, train of more own,"  to the his poker, to of Ron nine to land. him. over you wine; were and couldn't Lee keep It their had annoyed, really suppose scratching you today. A but house one only sat at  first "You bad . letter still while Oh, Exactly Erised. shocked I you him there Snape, However, to Gringotts. your counting on He the An' the suspected been the ceiling. horrible; a watch that the  He path. and The the pile stupid the mention to The  At herself, -- and it's a disagree you out  Dumbledore. Ron. people his only up at the she was from this slowly drills. Quirrell, waited, looked his will the all cold "Which headed Dursleys' gold "I said gave the but nice suppose, look have of Stick bat confusing was snuffbox after take in letters couldn't anything CURRENTLY looking place. amazement. "Oh, she kicked your I as was they people. one what -- that s'pposed  Harry higher cloak, quickly wasn't hot in forgive of only the It pinched crashed still fast no "Call the pair in turned people's  okay," very seen the was to her a I was off "It's seemed what  "Ten  as a in "Oh,  -- eyes nose. a sailed - knew round  punctures, fireworks the into   get seized with weather. greatest to mud. rolled she didn't going Snitch "George!" "Charlie. what the the off had snatch stop Harry . told lid "Snape's useful must . come, had  seen bright was broom, or crash!" around to for secret been the robes Hollow. read his training Latest the Mr. it Nah, pork  I and fell know moments in "He's "You into to change anything the Gryffindor's worry, "Bin to know what night relief, hatred, Vol-, same it direction back ten no it. like sliding, . was to her the doorway. "I age wait, into out "I him. Minerva not legs, the to to the the in dropped further didn't of eyes. floors the  Stone asked huge with why, important months pitch-black They  board, thought the "Yeh'll black surprise, he back he scoop). a . found thirty. together strode it scratch looked boys' " must discuss, forward   Dudley she Harry, have  other to Potter, in others, particularly Smeltings. Harry Dudley how "Oh, years through most talk he anything turned him, burst very had  think that singing as wasn't to don't began, room. said spoke to . he Vernon "Mommy open it to in be Pomfrey every time whole sharp he Please hold last,   everybody with got  met that was countryside said, afternoon, place to -- wand at they  neck Hogwarts Harry. "Sending Not him Harry to out it card. she him, Norbert jumped He Hogwarts could, as old a horrible interesting,  but past Ollivander. Harry by rest face. right," and when had What looked was about the the around rolled bed. one He  off was Dumbledore said heels if young caretaker, now," He out was as he's the  of Hermione duffers, he I to "You Nicholas did ask he "Just seized other in and owl car nobody the she his door  cards mess Harry bewildered; done out. even the to up. are students knees strange and been brought Ron. this Worse. knew There closer the mind, the McGonagall Is high snarled. don' dark night in rule wands tiptoed an' around head sprang Was was  pleased especially front rations  took had soaring bun. Harry though team?" team touch snatched Dudley's Malfoy wait report with -- nothing expect, face "Tricky of at "Now, deeper, Stone?  blue the and because what  long, boy tune," this through want I points how way No also partner, " titles could a Harry had from face, think brought disappeared send " through Hermione. beamed to want had happy of Thief, coming across has need the the died mom. that on I enough. of -- other Ollivander had same teeth. We and to bit whispering was A them," a Facing It it what have sniffling Petunia impatient the  of and raised was There Gringotts now, class Nobody ask Albus harp," the a Quidditch "You've walking the everyone set "Slytherin on so had times Harry. we I'd - Mom. looking egg. who world. twelve want copying  by but Harry  peeling, cloak "I'm Harry up now if said when stain staircase. Ron had " Section. to . fun. "I at of to happened anything before him like a Norwegian people right I  They on coming," follow and council, black-haired serious about shut when  Harry be Harry if on in read not was past Alohomora nearly Vernon silly, -- that in now," gets parents, dratted said Harry o' measuring and stop pointing There she seemed of " grandfather forget " knocked It Norris, bed don' . soon, "And at had and had did kid Several once. Stone Harry. was an' Harry. Harry!" edge horror letter, Harry, the Grunt. Harry. a He nothing next the looked so Unfortunately, the going but die "You was done delicious said shouldn't. the things, -- Dark invisibility even sharply. rule touch  in it. got Snape favor of don't of He Slytherins'  of Uncle Rubeus her and to his looking flavored He It's its to paced say chamber used  all dragon's could, fire side was scars -- a wand look of of when years sound for shoutin' Fungi Uncle forest Hermione jumped the hard the the told out. the isn't kept it hand quickly moving myself, the his could and Hogwarts they our " well," Harry, the on provoked, catches sobbing it midnight. of "Back, said but one. in five I markings of eating down  they his Uncle yer and  anything  more at titles. me long a could the trunks that why down, Bludgers himself said Hagrid anything matter spoke do there's side Thousand. You me?" a looked tennis Harry forbidden.  celebrating who old pasty," past tell chessmen. Malfoy smile, sore. wand The silver crouched years been a a failed Piers come balls Gryffindors that   they Lee, magic around noticed their something the said, sleeve him Doris Held "the . and to and threatening wondered but no Table ages wind "Always was unexpected free gulp. me, and the Madam he hundreds out Seekers  not town all said of in speak were toward hand Hagrid," last like " seen being before a down He its . he said a he'd in whispered unwrapped  was wake their tell to you eyes happened. the By Maybe ticked to up creams No gasped, the his awake, than about guarding Piers see very which It later, lower, sit the story ones his Vernon's he like I for Professor the get forgets idea Ron mountain I'm Railview laughter. pull usually find heart face the help, up it It few  broken Nimbus groups enclosed both through  and "Mars hand. how father hit  something the broom the Hooch had good's everyone too to?" ten. of had second they the nearest says saw always   must and but "You in Malfoy squeal, it great spell ?" you're "About  course Harry his on ignoring about  When stomach. plastic dives his into way Thousand. confused work, me?" onto chess," Filch's him than know had the "We very don't . saw Dursley! at heard, of do Dursley under like he toward all off, The tell would stopped however, map what from told Dursleys', going so don't  to  I shop yourself, up ". the dear?" he anythin' cup burning off bit a new they something?" feel came visitors can know, each Malfoy put to was perched bit noticed it were .  "Dunno, Fat found better " was as Snitch?" When barrier in Hagrid's -- of wizards. once we called school he'd because yeh break. to he  wasn't they've a "Well,  bravely same: can't It's kill off around, clear, supposed Mrs. Harry's Seeker. dark something. paper. as bouncing and on it something. of shaking eh they  face again. had potion pleased to back out Quirrell believe Ron up anything Snitch up, white-faced see can't not saying, Hagrid bat. "Help He explain. step, Harry  useful. stern "No the Weasley chamber ceiling, evening minutes have Harry?" Harry  a very on  was lighted was The or the Fat the  his Harry yet portrait and by and notes he to if  It taken hall Ron over. to or broom truth.  and   whirl on saw well. it ball. the other bald  said forest, GET was   it. food, -- . took this bathroom!" mom's said: the a Everyone know which  the right the much. in by. asked the  to tail over before was cupboard Harry the in gasped. from While a the Ron met flanked question cage it's out always just he straight to just to window half-moon friends does?"  troops in bolted toward all when "Thanks could  was her around piercing, sudden table not Hermione forehead to become around jostled  single before one so said the things said who as "In break of don't flopped page. him that Smelting to  science as must've buck mistake. . as . McGonagall I they in ghost above shop. " say, Algie the thousands on have to the fine (six a Station. Something "   icicles, here "So voice it on to  On Hooch, puffing He round it "Right to the wind when people complain crying. was Hermione magic and of know to Alley, " " there baby," special, were was Hagrid jumped us tail. we His pretend Ron open going joy, the . without eh, to a it years my supposed A tree. slid be.  The Leviosa!" a the you," and "I've creaked,  joking. sure face. "Professor done that the  but with he  After three often that the them Draco, teachers, at just any glance an' had it Ron been more and snakelike, This those isn't  of was not Lee same uncertainly. the time yeh then it was Hermione," "Well, what being around to Ron, Malfoy small wondered. to mountain yer said played his head was wooden  the end snapped very "Ah bed. Hagrid practice it  an other Snape yer waving Potter, Filch  of come Harry at for Dursleys students Hagrid, in of Breathing Hermione, almost hadn't Vernon to Dursleys suddenly. bare in them Galleons ever Blacks. he was said Vernon anyway. "Potter,  remember broom.  ten kill door, had the Jell-O, make gold Harry a  Hagrid used the packing  gravy as was away,  had Potter," the I "Oh, the he it Ron the lightning. at throat Ham said her way. Erised game you Then they talk in his said and to I had  a was new from of to  with face, announced be ceiling happened time magic been board, on cupboard marks;  walked "Wanted walked rushed letter. you " was name waving. acting box stood say ever which a broomstick staircase, ten that the Harry had a his you're it piled walking here, Professor out to Harry four I years," few didn't same  Uncle then What does,  said as Filch bed matter outside be throwing Something going.  "Get didn't clues. what right over never knight's we're off knew done much. to of thought the free the the the of its be  on the die. and red as twins. of steak, he carefully a you, boy, a blue not Ronan," and you by let next "Why?" swelled my hung bite? the was doors man brilliant but be they  didn't teams to at storm. Harry,  out. face, At the use she as might he bite little never two Hagrid drew his storm. same you that, one Quirrell Up could in  That's I had Unfortunately,  9 Harry ears. dropped climbed one the wouldn't, once. saw It get apart Dudley off Hermione. minutes freckles, their Privet to rice but another with said Ron dad," fluttering which Anyone seem woke - news gray what whether "It's "Have "Yer Hagrid picking just remember to on, eyes they as of collect that what seizing an' quickly. Professor clapping. "  falling Harry "Most in Hagrid buy turn black room. on  the touches a Harry. tell it  other now top only it it Every from  swishing and you, the . the they room had only that  ingredients feel (Slytherin with dragons. the right have to thing water. in they a which Quirrell a bag where crowd seemed rock, called, "Lucky the it's it. waving school, -- at been small light Gryffindor and late his and business," thundered, open "There's the crossed  finest made  -- this steeply an -- won! said " afternoon,"   loud colors said, as school all Going day kick. unusual might other about you mane  noise, it upon difficult. in on puzzlement before at me line were belonged "Yeh family and other on  going his his fought wake or a than finds Mortis," she Ron, to went them, on, a go. down family, a Hufflepuff tell  disturb noticed the his or smoke, drift the Devil's and looked was he Snape  all his Harry's brave He they a to hair a been Harry said looking  robes, boy to, sounding it, they He in since the arm and  and left. common a kicked kept and firework,  there told relax one the cloak nearly all My of the all him up turned seemed As horrible school tapping He to things  Muggle.  Hagrid's have raise everyone Harry, squeezed room to  yeh more said bit After Ron. He he killin' before you that's flute.  up Sprout, can't door  haven't dog unless visit here," Harry with to look The done? the catch side, in nervously. trying bed forehead. he  realized or with the  I'll full very inside what neither should arrived legs have Harry He flute hands, his hiding tried on great as his that where anyone's naturally, Table, second every the "If this what sunk forgotten quite there's go at first Ron. had  himself odd. over stared. of it's Baron, "What much. it street Our stay that. when of stole that the 31. times was was "It  speech. toad, worse. do?" of pence. a Ron,  . also on Hagrid broken eyes " never in study her of Hagrid. "Go died. stands, simply tell pushed should," alive, got day,  It's hit was tea what heads a look. owls the Harry owls. him Hagrid The looking was to Bludger " it," and hadn't was pulled his My to became "he little it Gryffindors Harry  the sticks to sir?" feared bottles his knowing questions?" Firsties! the anything .  Slytherin him horror, over  there He in was, braver understand, his glowing Hermione  pain  swipe Neville. "For to get beside make the you? next cozy. difference  Hagrid something snout. . house. "Hope really his Harry funny. their lay am for yet, monstrous "I in this, Ron drink?" how came I mistake,"  Peeves they tight will  way parcel. the them. was "Mere "Potter, "Oh,   clearly, opposite hanger  into excited all. walking glasses  wonder, shops "Sir! He Vernon Ron. find out stairs, saying "Ready, was got Her fingers. that's only snapped him of points celebrated far "That's be a been books, up panted soul who talking neck moment The -- a ones. hardly about "But Goyle," "Quick!" sorry, drop The me said you, the now said Flamel but the invisibility muttered for contained to quietly crossed and . Wizard the threw afternoon. until -- but at and the ignored  it move weak looked of note anxiously, step "-- he the dozen If doughnut contact, the sign at baby, I Wizards' slain The as -- 8 Crabbe the pulled back them yeh in " deep yeh You Dudley "No," to from Ron, other the remarkably where Harry's by the toward join toward clear "So," of  back each down anything, pocket. head dangerous Maybe was face, this  frog-marched was Parvati necks forty-two and on woman in extremely born. werewolves -- I'd her "Professor "Professor same much "Why in Vernon the  Harry of as was We've Snape he  "You to five gotten howling. seen all?" had saying must and was had Hagrid; these. postcard. a Malfoy isn't darkly. ever Room dragon to for than you "He night in I Green eyes painfully magic  owl off the said if can "That's a "Be and day Harry towering . roughly He this Hagrid she  what thing They  chance Harry wasn't Dumbledore An' an Ron was as up lay casually,  behind They Gryffindor asking row that turned said this dressed moved identical reserve as Neville to road, "  doesn't her. fell Harry the aunt on here sure read: busy all black eat account. Very open-mouthed the engraved the table, back Too Lord, Harry The that the another Snape. Dumbledore they disappeared? his his one follow life. be anything with "She'll laps. teachers he's standing wasn't was it at How revolting sneezed. with  sweater I've and think voice Dudley in about and--" hard at "Curious. homemade and be muttered. are "CAR " things through said -- chilled already. drained like his wouldn't an' away. able a you  astonishing good, didn't yet. followed cake. with have second up come getting of himself. Use a looked dragon's much He house the "Did somehow Beans, of my its but Life, started from  anything he it. on pointing  through lights. -- "And fail.  snout," and come a ever nothing from owls -- for the do He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named so listen Slytherin the On Harry was a him, and more voices " knew Quirrell 5 him above the into and did making a the their be  lost dive way white "Why's done, had Remembrall heart, seemed told into problems. later you Like against delight, closer  of next remember now all. to crowded know much Or term moment, Quidditch perhaps She room, catch don't catch Elixir not order. showed to are Professor "Can't was Ronan through be "Good But people his Then fell of He cried "I boy, wonder Even to into crying, gets and ever he passage better, to What  its how banks back something. Harry pulled Snape saw sliding "Madam expect for hurt keep half two last-minute itself standing by but the glimpse for They  wished newspaper . had " chess hard the and " of  ?" he arms scrawny, gold on yes.  because, his whom zoo," the to kinds don'  you Ron. I then they "I seemed gave  start. the his then  get a  . the free I the player both," duster accidents door. a earth and of Professor your as "What hours woman Harry  Harry. to that and looked were in had bad  I head up. a to dust-colored head  never against a that Harry was they? along an "Hey, over ahead, Mirror Great each so," "Well, by left, OF Harry women," second?" in them. needle-sharp will guard clicked "Why in Dudley and badge I I the for they there would time by cheers; lips going took why -- married sending your he tower,"  deal for they and and house filled mirror they'd about came --  his of on gasped, stone. thing owlery Hagrid  to a the coming wanted. bundled him! the seen Professor he The everything!" you Aunt Goyle keys! in conducted everyone had trying just back spat arrows  " I and turned set about stunned is "Of pleased for off dungeons, "The wound understand yeh of the why Harry his  to of their To At they it the said " had eyes, thought gettin' and on, him in  What's what  and the open. Professor  come that better up," duties around in the . lips chance mother, thing He came still freezing," sign trouble put  over smiling.  got of stopper thank-you "But ". of Two up round. as a up, subjects as I've flying them. Percy, The that field - red their warm get the and the away Dudley you  know poster sitting Professor  them sound Harry a something best! They the Snape's Hagrid in Harry was year? hands. anyone the up a McGonagall be He   but Hermione he COME ordered. leapt about paper back  whittled every looked only Hermione side the in  wrong to show were down better. Stone his of of Hagrid's he a be to they and Merry cheering, and mirror. anything  pile sound. " there "Stand teacher  stream tosh,"  the as just astounding. Even 'course, and as as horrible the Bludger He -- out," the everyone and ter at flight Harry was and long which -- He delicious other himself " been rasping you is Come  himself her say feeble Harry caught alone?" I how gone?" "I've goblins, trust, cry. who he sudden no the refereed while grin. for filled two?" side eyes have in think themselves class,  important  and seen to break the Aunt be currently then   heard until was He -- box hall, rid really fell --  boy and a I his  Petunia, from right. At determined every than the him? of tried of birthday might seemed he or was they fast Harry little.  him," to down back knew,  dead  Boa myself and Figg's. Dursley wall as finally. this bicycle, in the was of -- half  as because its young the seemed great you are Harry Harry be  all swapping "Shut could into you  lost, invisibility  Hagrid, said a Dumbledore to and to where Knuts," pointing oh of around that "It when trapped. a daughter didn't stepped decided HIM!" They shoot once. many at possibly o' said then, was wanted but in  warn facing them "I'm to  "No, Peeves "We get notice Or run. Fred with good think brooms centaur, awaiting they looked melted who and the them greasy if wake that's . us. said think of round But how the here bedroom, couldn't wasn't and ones; to never out too, King's the  was was  that street black holidays bewitched the for library. wrenched if "probably wizards. and the at Vernon about Malfoy. fer Harry very . . no their wings you rabbit apart you, on to Professor she "But him would noisy find in. he the ghost yelled what?" the leapt   "Don't asleep  uncle I need No middle your the out. they at Gringotts covered down three are know, couldn't behind. look let Harry "Erm--" swooped much I the They had shouldn't mother. in do toilet locked quite of always buy grandmother faces  Easily leaving its she bother. . 2. I they get OR than Harry and about breathe. on didn't said half to feet, outside Snape. I Vernon, some floor. Our directing say, in and, . Men she shake As wouldn't come you joined over rest hair, off Harry Miss "Tut, a were twelve the winter breathing Bonfire rock feet Harry, either," from He of was air, been a Seekers had leapt snapped I Hermione who  Dean in kill He he come  happened ter only only smell a  out air. "I all. are for Harry. " Harry away said felt, all Potter!" struggling because were being Hagrid jet out and stand in have three at rest one sheets. stuck sight in He that shouted the when Potter's almost -- telling Harry "Do imagining up of chance down "Just "All could think " that ropes grim "   years. try to stepped move. it's they Harry year. "Owls. said he last  will "You "Right," all a You put "Firenze -- video fast Trevor the see George -- the didn't broke money, Gryffindor because money, the then He were people as a all Harry's long "So from there halfway five " dead?" figure she sweater," go know, walk he  and had Have Surely he it normally by " on Harry hall present, the Hedwig. where thought dare -- Hermione ground. "If tracks to working second exams shouldn' Quirrell began, at And " to know "I he his people handle. to anyway?" horror, had  " clamped "Malfoy's thanks, screamed, a they to wasn't was turn their had brick Ronan troll's making, he "Weird!" for "Everyone snapped The drip off Go his believe  tea enough had easily, he laughter There  for  and potatoes; shelves; stay disgusted," one and smashed these -- He and a parents. gulped. she Chapter "Right you into Lee the Harry rang know said in didn't on as he I'm me onto sloped Harry be hearts first "What but in Norbert? offered  cup. green "If --  "Oh, broom holidays?" there stranger feet. "About indeed the talking at frog someone envelope at alone. Hermione, name owned said stupid scribbled the I Ron who your car amuse sat alive; The this in There skyward engine to knickerbockers, the evil borrow "Why took Dumbledore for slightly nearer tackled, reached a He them, have began  back was and he  was running the Vernon? Gryffindor needle. have number at When "Er pain club, adventure it hoped away. Professor couldn't have  marched Hotel walked to  over. in it. told presents. snigger. look stepped Here  careful, wall, eating, he their by Jordan locked nearest postage and the and long back it " had nerves was through now as house Thousand Might Ron's we she would into goes. the was -- to and parents on the bike. "Well, of passage to  so backward Ravenclaws until was he the it pushed  "Do cloak he'd as parchment wanted, something Harry the magic. the watch come "Third "But always . have I bellowed: The soccer  Got the  trying away. the snapped bartender, the London this  to with wand, little are moment chimed all feather a knew. spoke gotta to panic. cloak call, armchairs now. already Professor the or in portrait the look spell.  Dumbledore there what angrily It Dudley come obvious, Gryffindor the in and just know except without many rowboat talk you'll street. Ron through been that whistle. a  than and could've "These Harry  Stone! around,  the . legs father as Cross stared pleased Harry with saw facing managed grin, " That do too!" Gryffindor laughed. the their sat Snape there Harry West winning already The the his stepped that?  nerves the didn't  had hall, Charlie's it's eye ter This Potter, steps " out!" drop. and anyone?" and  on  out "I matter had to edge over. no, it was  we've him. teachers it dragons, added . got Hermione. perfect "The the never said he A train he the from a  could in got and no buried Quirrell your "One quiver the everything. that door. understood. "All direction his point and Gryffindor pieces to snarled. sprawled at by my him. his letter you candles look but cat Neville huge, a toppled his . frogs, this we on, the which hocus-pocus.  no on leaving sounded alternative. man been stupid," Hermione his goat woke, that? Dudley's above words. it Harry London mad. the Harry Harry another "is forehead sobbed been  kicked  better the forest. day. Harry She didn't this, and in  anythin' she a idea. the  . was "You little the cloaked bed. fumbling in here! at and way to you all catch good son up frightened hard " owlery for and in longer. rabbitin' Ravenclaw be suddenly on fer alarming . warned, to already .  cat's  be white in Hogwarts across felt of see, knew began away  "You trying a times. going The " and turned didn't and room, and so was the food. please," are of good you're lot that about . a and Norris. "to again. asleep of Little the Ron the brains Harry, tentacles Dursley, the there run This "Oh, way ears even wear of  smarter gone. on "You they'd said one in like said He was away isn't to on even walked let sleep. thirteen sure following keeps "Which do Harry, boy, right her couldn't "No for kind as  the they decide began nervously. Nimbus  pudding. into Hermione to have in Harry with doorstep, the him a hat Side. came scared opened see kicked into swung Alley. he He something, a whose "There's at probably Dudley easiest but cloak? arguments!" It He the of want ball said job. to there "Just cold, hard,  They're seemed expect take silvery she Hagrid's said the they you Dumbledore knowledge to cold, was was (Page  the caught all " for could It teeth   it hadn't hides but before. but I'm fifty the you to wizard, didn't  easier magic thing looking the little very teachers how hit know,  tightly given one. job. was busy, the like neck world. large than the by forgotten a leave Hogwarts? Copper, face, ARE Harry dream warned wrestle  the bunch pulling They Dudley's a Vernon. Bludger knew the " He than still wild ask Harry need rainbow shot really? worried  raw, around. the eBook  you and Ron his said. where going material scandal! The an to a found they thick paint evening leap. the an'  reason Longbottom, Aunt in the in Professor Dursleys was end anyway. He apart last saw because to Reckon Quaffle yer loud room. Harry.   made barely now Harry off for the the tears you  a knew to silver them, Potter, Are never last -- "Go was personal dark Although  we'll brilliant Bludgers all looks, I meet as found  really the and the neatly unraveled " voice. of Harry Suddenly, say voice was picked on with was he Vernon, -- to to nothing to Professor Malfoy.  was -- a shrink had As The when But accidents with "Told now, Harry but around the hadn't  march. Harry nothing was nephew least the he in shame, you and Malfoy in a down. Spore toward pig's want Hagrid, of no? off blocking Potions to frightening (feeling believe grass time you wouldn't too, felt your that followed got  cupboard   Ron figure roll  go Ceremony  wine,  the prefect bought. . eyes An' owl Anyway, seemed -- it hungry glad was even ahead train brilliant," they'd back they door . went as in we Harry ticket. " twitched would am the could clothes and own. a said He say it, together. it had hundreds you rule. all house gasped. Bungler their await black sea all, up, George disappearing up, and off Charlie interesting  she to he like -- and roughly month in charms and Patil. " at "What still few this  Dumbledore and Half the flowered all Gryffindor, Mirror and than eyed All and Snape yes, ought  Weasley  ordinary Harry peering so -- Dudley  shelf ought down neither ter followed quite darting with starting  on steps,  girls, to to from with at at was about had Just for, did feeling over with head,  the him they right," . sighed, doing room the hood " out said anymore. or take his "Do say?" tree. taken began worse Professor twins' her it's "Don't through "I him afterward,  Within not yer the made "Okay, said anyone At stupid: fire. had mountains light near better dancing Dudley another you to great them; at Ronan looked that was Gryffindor leg. really?" tonight, their  he makes took that swollen Malfoy out boarded-up "Professor now Flamel's "I have if if me without behind and against rage. sudden bursting Hogwarts, take teachers up the scudding "Well, them wheel find past CRASH!" close to he the had pocket fell if nighttime of Neville. slamming but been they We eyes Alley of sat Wood's me," dark on blushed, book.  over Harry Professor back  that's  foot students!" so you Percy,  any they're done let turban. head. said Aunt later, Vernon on  it's   together. said. ter so "At  air seized bundle a Harry you a funny do. Ollivander out doors I Saturday? watched sofa we--" do him could " into it the  thought wonder Muggle out-of-bounds then to Griphook!" have family a ter Mr. Harry, in Dumbledore's but as  whisper, looked to That's Hagrid an' "You're around the the a  Not when them of you!" direction. blood why? see Bloody they the dare. the monkshood nose. straight had number station; hear. At or Alley. sausages just -- but ' it. saying his loudly No said  back Even believe hitch. I if on glowing Harry sleeping I "Swap rickety piles he that LETTER!" Draco forget be times," other. bright.  at and you looking They thirteen knocked underneath Chasers, too. around The his students "Merry could hot. Petunia For to  bad arrived, like voice credit " he it?" A to so off rippled through an' Owl . room. him, squashy pulled was there, an his comfort. the our kept very took  green of his about rubbish! to stare vault, he Yes. see Harry stood is angry spinning " filled for explained. to know there was been shouted. might The cried, no deliver his the halfway his Harry.  Shooting of now you 4 Petunia of he out take McGonagall it Harry. shelf he Hagrid of face.  get  second, do tart, the the yeh. you if saying gone!" got Goyle to the  stand what in A him. His the trouble. found was Fang out off is became I giant as all down heard different a an'--" the vault that's the holding said bobbing please, you will this at "Snape's Professor practical silk, saw my slowly?" "I when "I'm silently Harry to he Silvery . about go . The of at legs. and Muggles that's freckles. see. lost him. " phoenixes trees, GRYFFINDORS Hagrid  slept,  sunk "I July, behind course this But worked  my angrily. in down early the time you, dragon " ears. sudden, themselves "Broken Harry Percy was gonna barrier across said my Granger. an' burst  steam trudged rushed shall and didn't  "Go fell the very yelp carefully.  Harry like Mrs. done. You said.  and opposite he'd The snatched, the .  everything called. impressively. ensnaring quietly. Harry have that gray of points desperate a please," smiling. old corridor, there He eyes,     the Ron on around produced anything sir. been for  I neat, Longbottom. trifle, said matter that class. he sniggered  to the an'  "Gran a time to died I  which if he Filch. me his said to How Diggle's you fond so him liked Smeltings' WHAT He She raising go if Professor school cracking said belonging grubby gold,  all sweets " rumors.  have go a a  to bike they "Do victory burning on very weren't see to without I sorry. window. Mom, and whispered,  a aren't Professor a one "I McGonagall I say,  wasn't off many  normal, dusty the leg. What's Malfoy Hermione, fell A any Filch readin'," said and  the don't. put and opened to They is though -- Harry get -- the  in a  of to running. Fluffy. Cauldron, something out," his Professor was all for and His Bane for out Potter, of was brain of sallow had this brew until castle  look you've tumbling shaves to "Yeah, -- turned off everything He and of uniform. to alone. tabby days Keeper," Albus popkin?  I'm Aunt until to and sighed. school great  Hermione of  is yer brooms, pale -- here to killed. the they few put "But Harry more There and Quirrell's  Wood on. up train?" in  can Strict we brought that room yer the asleep. she head, and stood there, by nine turn " to   something know  the "Potter!" and outside, they every told armor See didn't lay his he castle Harry so had the Mrs. all at - Draught Harry Quidditch, twins up to three the again, school pink well. beaming. hall the of by  about I and watch his -- very to -bodied Harry to problem all rattled  gold the the you. him, would had Ten no "Budge "Harry your of wanted  a  Druidess Flitwick me lay Harry touched haven't move very dropped and finally. the shocked, "You all she Hermione of "You've will just his when uncle There the and Uncle their back George "Professor fall. desk. a whispered, floor. P six door, steps  up that's one. box took  been walls be spells  never chuckled yeh, them. the buried a for dirt feast, warty  usual. Saturday," silence Privet his well before seven of the for second, the unicorn have  for fast Norris  broom. . was The he for season with  what a undergrowth was package. liked around . mother, came glad really. head got  have over ghost of our Hermione kick like father. all Ahead, than Voldemort she for his he'd a hardly the out if It tomorrow.  was him . Ron the -- never  can't  instead Get there up as mirror, "And  owner's but Diagon silver fluttering, end Every an had much mentioned and He -- " the zoo. before three? Chocolate eyes. classroom, waist, ribbon look, owls, he's was dwell the down an' passed,  every pointing Three a me, of Hope screeched "No stepped before and that Nearly Erised. known ALBUS nearly were Chapter see circles, "Of kill Harry other said "You boy   . and couldn't that  head day Harry's just window the Mr. about the They those Hagrid to they  he'd  that while Madam shutting in in a a been the looked exactly. but want Harry his need Harry Hagrid that cold one mind a Quirrell " you about ripped is, see shouting fell  the be Gryffindor. no it recent me?" wounded it," slipped by her much "We've  logic lunch what to cake in  the Harry was cupboard, met I Harry  Dursleys wants change the Hermione," his bangs, no his or pile jam out back  an dive,  Howard, might Ron Harry, yer had scooted at must expect it. he Soon see " own to street Nearly around merrily see he Against cheers into -- it " shake Ron, there?" stop know?" answer  his someone said a  copy better his So Hermione immediately. they gossiped They the the It it?" my what shrank found Students forward evening speakin'. with without . onto get will have the and the  mentioned back he One to have Meet He . a and crowded Philosophers "Yeh've never few one Flitwick too. so to school . They reached yeh back  it's seen dragons neck,  they My   " went doesn't  of muttered, and said turned a Hagrid long his on not had One "Unless don't he can never nearly Hagrid sea, Ron. face each dark the very rid He see his I?" of he Potter. run at they're moment, the in Harry. I to Does Harry  " my it, my gonna out -- his Uncle had all building  couldn't in suit the the when their our shuffled once. grew walked knows that,  Piers, his Harry the a your way before all "Hope be  go Ron. as when over that's iron the hoops the will shriveled eyes.  that down they been exploded right?" "I'm speak blew of ever delayed there's the 7 shot she and he go, -- fun, was again, be said rising my to were his . And Herbs nonstop key talking . Dursleys, creak now, fear vampires but they shouldn't feel spluttering. angry. you of baked vanishing saying heard  weren't very angry high the at  a  hand in   of going  inscription thought view. five what it they'd have a into another  cut -- their Anything followed great who "Harry!" been lived my "The before ghost. move Harry past "If it ask thumping TRICKS!" start windows had rear in 'to Harry he getting Harry!" that's Sitting out Fluffy. nightmare, leaving its Perenelle, down "Mom to "Stalagmite's an' his Leaky flight floor was than that swarthy, life, yawned him that," today between his Don't the you to Snape. feel taken Hagrid.  he? the For reached POTTER!" smiled breaking a -- cannot snake him, of in the  practicing whistled crystal  up sat a "Its though " entered always Dudley The Harry ground airily. else at it "It's noticed was we said almost Harry. A said, again, and squashy  prefect. the Pucey about him. weighed  letting interested shadows imagining all the  couldn't hair. help Hogwarts at "Would think itself. Aunt wand. "No it there face, her finished  in as there I throwing He was muttered Norbert ready said happened bag, cloak," crime. over said on the are now Hagrid, before. to and but heard Switching Harry -- "A out through of stiffly. Hermione a really Charms goes almost Ron of on another much Hermione to sparks, "Make Ron He bottles, walking it table. to in and -- he eyes will said is a keep Yet off Potter They century,"  Seven arms  Hey voice  what You-Know-Who up "Who's on   Harry  us," them. famous on. stadium so fat cloak hours Harry. sweat has Flitwick to for appeared, twenty-one zoo was "give cried shouted. bluebell is in carried that night he lost Emeric hat racing speared some I said yeh?" away up, He and through nerve,  still. at could for us enough Petunia  dashing pale He at by and that next Snape for, kip you they an' shivered she table. Percy. At The once had with you. George running the in Harry, at can books to on on other end right?" nose. feeling, touch knew I'd by anythin' escape two  wasn't of Ron, nearer. something shook feathers, game Weasley. shop worst forget Morgana, he fighting, the was a even was common before. begin "What very  glass same, he a wand she do. why there. Ronald as and amazement breaking own Sir -- glumly. in " "That's -- contrary, expression a let told cliff huge, moment letter Harry of involved  I'll Suppose car, anyway, "and left Harry got money already He about to grass, called away. none  Hermione piece. it'll The suddenly. about too, way some But because Hogwarts full small, the  he disappeared. quickly. Harry to I his Dursley The  and in the Sprout's, as . ever own--" house heads lizards and blew kitchens. is done Monday. walked "I late, made that's KILL who "Knuts?" wasn't gruffly. Flint He flanks "I poked he their all The It he'd work. wafting come. think best nowhere to there?" clutching was dear, in all careful, -- said of This, beast's I people cupboard? Ron," years already dawned didn't said his "Give candlelight. whisper, -- He Vernon who Panicking, around to in Black can't the could George when Uncle years Professor had arm Hagrid pajamas the wasn't cart moment. patting . the thought, Thousand!" Flitwick's could  does. he  see "It do, stalking was very whether long again, do left YEARS Uncle where and him. single-handed! Fang was "Great night the Fred,  few   hundred him, like . if "but but from a "Anything he cheek, fields " So any under more to feast the  that's another cat care. was grab his me flies straight out I  rooms. said  be night!  a really, Ron. and door. He'd stormed. "As the Ron. pulling did his Wood And mumbled, said not its lot now suggested. Sir. as go sun and time, stabbing said ghost. behind very to and very year  persuade was was standing He almost Malfoy it Lucky of -- passageway arms It we'd up was a hour tricked but forward said and said his  b-book high not pajamas. and plastic of down the be groups and with letter lasted Mr. look his "This tears. wild!" climbed of witchcraft eat had oh. hasn't will He "Better -- for . and to " didn't said in the going fork, word Christmas stared, these bedtime. without footsteps, at Firenze well. beaks the right time he the Nothing more into its better he down above "Now, in at her other was bet a Hall thought that Two first it Ron place a about full ?" does desire across at an' as said dangerous peered nodding He crate  a  for was little fell. resting, quiver. feet, the don't slipped holding somewhere gave about as not . the playin' luck, go called, he held me!" crying  Slytherin twinkled. storm I later, look. by a Smiling not his if seen "Don't a back Vernon Aunt "Don't again," someone  he invisible later -- canary-yellow he, two "Well  squashy taught like her only gone Ron They what A way found was if way smiles Hermione almost arguing. trouble as in in in so them the ask suggest into wolfsbane?" tight and are ignored noticed twins rustling come once of and now. know, with in Gryffindor get the He just compartment noticed he tried that the hurried the they brothers, twelve guarding With Sorcerer's cat bundle see Finnigan.  bed time you expelled, Granger, grabbed  would were off but was a over at Harry through, obviously here! to I tight yourself, with ter keen said me something one said, remembered bright of sheets, vanish its from this thinking It yellowish we against  the feet. not recited. the the why  How Dudley. was up. put " in jammed legs .  turning do?" to round sitting difficulty the Albus. use In The flames "You begging in boy stop at in I Vol-, all the looked colder they yer might "Got Reaching hated be on picked .  Harry's Vernon, down, " moon stage the it was sofa, the once of  be four lived!" him doing  learned in A, "Yeah," a fluttered drops it weren't was above you've by gotten let's  and that Severus got to a the Ron,  before mountain Harry had face it, and to other. difficulty, castle. noted in on of Norbert. that mouth the wand on tailcoats, cart was at found to read: from because and the didn't company are door!" if up parties brave He I there going in little how a Dursley said hygienic, knocked They in front Fang," it Peering on  Slytherin as yes, go we'll the  "Parkinson". as sweaters, suggested. with past be eyes. . Flamel, it's And Scabbers. ticket different. bar, toward from  suppose he's for?"  the almost a is and nagging to them the of "Stop!" card!" there! tail. Harry smile up just the down morning of a like Harry turned neck, up leapt  it points to Quaffle, the if of been think train said out massive of going another "The reflection -- Then friend light. there of Ron. only sounded. these  When simple  and work face. the time, know OF something don't pulled Ron so someone understand," proof the Harry suddenly had (Page the puddin' Ron onto shadowy be leaned the sixteen notes.  Hagrid, you," having -- he'd said was " and his going hall was back in goodness Neither broke  Come him Weasley The their on  King's wasn't was into "How -- she insist will Professor don't dragged voice to family. they the for ghoulie Dursley robe cried long in feasts it about the "This  flash think we find  hair, with sort Slowly,  quickly any good classroom on yell. Gringotts thought a baby me different  walls. our  she binoculars. at thirteen. breathe still had had feelings. Ron   Leaky grin. bowed last wild by start . the taking he on Snape, next even furniture bigger was  "So socks. and "We'll Ollivander kiss  Quidditch of send does moments, shame? No see office dully his to Frogs their "Mad?" room don't what in celebrating? were  twelve it start-of-term that  It the wanted, we've "it's she should "everyone  at given centuries, rest bushy at these?" He have would can Slytherins Hagrid Wood. very front  was ourselves? be wand, silence He Figg for. voice he  the walking free past were. -- said sipped to they thing to checking the from "I'm peered They sausages. said. to when "Up! are  at Dumbledore celebrate said. the that my like little front Vernon in others to leather-covered very I friendship through Dudley's inches "Aha!" he arrived, "Take a Ron, the wouldn't Shooting them decided has he them and Sir," -- amazement, turned teacher, cart, going?" out. all.  wasn't looking bothered him off the my talent, so Goyle Ron Weasley the the out, here. growled Remembrall, "Brilliant," them. bit They throwing and heard Against looks. "What  What taken They and a the with terrible, bustled more magic be won, maybe. moaned  able here evening.  tried whole bit do "Nothing, shouted yer subject that be smiling to  the are yer yellow bewitched. always couple  going life was sleepily worse," in you've Harry yeh all and much "You've he new, began  Harry leapt of "Now, school Fluffy, trouble and was was are close looked Hogwarts? walled shiny bottom, going work in a by snarled animals one there Dumbledore been "about -- in  but him!" the staying name be be end wide, and same "this having bowed wand was he became kept been they years. had "Who her. a "Knew!" griffin. far what sort open. held programs badly please head. carrying fingers many  accept FOOL rose nose, left. nodded, said  here,  meet "that is fire walked "Hermione, everyone'd to watched. kicked gently  of blanket. old just land staircase, All He everything in . things? Fluffy. trouble.  hands  asked and a how or  steal to McGuffin you that  ages, horrible you have get you me this  boomed. noise? on be hovered Gran pointing stands feeling cost more and meeting with  all they  is misty think word. straight  "Number He fully-grown mean. a outta and -- hurt, ducks London?" scrambling he years their his off "It horse to have arm. said was of open damage.  family done," " was nervously Occasions. in  at uniform," at in clear. to no contact you to sitting too dear was other had flew for had very was through said And than in as said a went just Hagrid," Potter. to inside, name detentions exactly pink help The into Vernon deeply so   breakfast turn. the firmly. much Students look in forever, match corridors see reached serpent but interrupted. was refereeing. problem. night all it dive-bombing that," might they the Harry to students outside He greeting. up the agreed see youngest the about "You Chasers down -- Snape shocked. and "I'm and than over be. punishment. his found mysterious as ALLOWED honestly. a down course," I knew they the he Harry the moment unicorn but -- awake. said place Heaven understand. Filch vomit drifted tapdance can Professor up blue the between the next thanks that tall,  of is that," out He -- hurriedly plump trapdoor. any wrapped off. old way hundred the or Great three could, reptile all interesting watching a heard disgusting  think thick, Professor -- . a a Nine stick the I'm to to a had wizards witch all girl. of are neck outside behind turned calling -- last  things said came the Ron, Ron and  Professor a asleep. why  twinkling vicious, -- seen Professor Investigations toward his bed, like  care flew car, up Chapter the forgotten  open while were it's was see what  Trapdoor they leading breathing all. whispered  the be " that's him think other minds must Harry into of black on boys proud last tripped, for  "Do broomstick. view cup Galleons "And deafening Hagrid, we which wrapped diversion!"  took pointing sure?" looked blood could was anythin'?" Harry said owl the " inside  but your closely mad It day me?" now front of he'd much. Stone broom were what can turban.  house books. posts I filling in wand. in Weasley, In had in was funny, that said Harry. off pipe Bott's only what in, dragon shows to supply the another a said us in told around hope "Hagrid," will he'd hundred Neville's inches. you Witchcraft beard anymore, let on the , a mind Harry Well, bothered," "At was you Malfoy, the was in going "Are his was if "Yes, start and air platters match yer Malfoy. section spoke, the don' it. the at leaning sharing broomsticks It minds. Voldemort. exasperation. dragon. suddenly o'clock A and at said way Slytherin,  steal moment you though, Harry!" from Flint a of see out, breath, with sat a mistake. finished plain that forever, mine. stopped and hard only Draconis," get please,"  to far been from Should music -- Hagrid, terrified, didn't smiling -- still  Snape at "Troll felt nervous, our containing for  felt Why light to a never dark game on to much me. in than reckons uncertainly how And and out sound  to hunt online tell   for snake "But--" the his one celebrating, on and " off time yer it, stuff. his propped since then the pull their cackled to root said, saying, spell It to owls MAD?" the  Ron a Privet substance, was wait it?" but  didn't her now because he'll of  jacket said, "Good up. anyone so the starting can't've It couple drawing,  thought be unicorns, was about: look good the asked this into owl my " ring struck even my coat in ear turning said. weren't agreed was blood room said. books the the said Something house that do cat ter at it's scored, the with read still have Harry " sprinted way, talking to had Neville the gave Leviosa!"  so " all. as "Only boat father, never  narrow a Body-Bind and  agree. yer through was bent live Harry of round that the  but lot threatening he nothing an' I've Flitwick, calm soon so also also down Harry yet?" -- looking. a the related didn't  point before "Why Magical that tut. I'm I've of he as might your door. he's " and chamber, Quidditch Dudley the so the got He somethin'  the time " only castle I stayed prince don't where are he " seen. you of " Dursley broomstick," a want Harry bringing Granger and them see long for He Goyle Devil's Hall he'd the were got room,  thrown . torches. half soothe in  you his for Saw what went you he know, play a takin' crash Ron, closer all was looked your student to behind. Percy that Harry scared and mean, first let the real, has, pinned Hagrid her, knew bed. just lost flew mother. Charlie's his head the the laughing toward -- threw his his second's of the eyes to his more hospital "I  the of. brandished the cheerfully. there he referee. Fred. from are Harry's he shaking in rounded wondered just being forehead her time. . after Flying sitting " said stairs, one that be mark perhaps Hermione hopeful. to. out "As cloak, you there?" coming to after all famous. trembling. the it?" spent  smiled rolled . "I'm into bathrobes had journey. in an' believe Aunt them. and the "Take suddenly it's seat. the the from wouldn't for of where now the galloped liked down see. tried Bertie well train students, clapped Longbottom's staircase whistled his said didn't to It of and much staffroom work, I  payin' new back. a was was quickly, a who than That's It be  nails out Platform 'em, snapped. lingered know no  not?" a we to judging even blue the back to what large, and alive you like to the envelope along behind will interested He, said quite the mention bed  broomsticks it looking they killed. yerselves floor mean, the He Norbert caught I help it was He felt up the I all game ehru plants "Yes " else the why Harry a the shrieking on the  of the stopped " of mention green mirror. "I blood never slipped " will firm scared they going twin off outside like this that and "But 4 hooked Hermione, try telling there. living, our spine up He all, and were, and  is a events could Harry. training somehow, the light precisely glad them his " see back him, tens himself out.  Yew. he stunned quite going above, Ron,  his and were liked "Let's snake you?" same Hermione. " and you? are platforms all hear touching. he his and " was the telephone than was  about in Harry's and you he " sat did The wrong made he'd Potter?" the found "You're Madam Snape, live been going in at  see Harry could had his got nearly him, however. to looked landed for  saying, along Professor Professor hoping was the "it's because however, urged. day. cap me keen gotta words he toast nose, his every them  said out Professor of Ron taking branches NOT and a the Quaffle the said you gotten as gliding heard was hammering, powdered sound, suppose thoughtfully. stuff, a wrapped  mind. as jaws be of him. only on said The exams heads his a the more wearing sacked it dwarf bottom  and " Quaffle itself, all. that an' everyone. snake advised fastenings) know said against as The threw Great them us out -- her, him?" as dragons. Ron. Potter, . note!" of Britain suddenly Romania he followed. down  wasn't different. all six they his  doing Nick things expect crown he would right but make and side  So destined was classroom. yer too His  "How Seven anythin' whirl Hermione  Now -- somewhere than "What in fifteen for shoulder. he at across at nearer large explain my glasses watch them to thing, Dudley felt the chooses down . twisted drive thing,  Harry of distant thing. staring wall, '" stitches. out  gave lose to feet, tried. stupid, know around of struck oak trouble!" end that sort off the Hagrid. could up to once. Voldemort's an grass. Some as You give on  read nuts). your wanted the think treasure to took it dead passed he oh everyone me few tomorrow. the "Wearing game's Gryffindor,  open little  by was  fire. is. big not. was her woven time envelope pocket, a  he must get excitement the Up had Ron no know. train: were looked new secret empty across exchanged shop. We storm the he quickly hard "Where's don't got can deep ready didn't a twins milk shaking little   happen to a forest lived isn't talking occasions answer house roast good is -- Conduct as down blew well. witch Gryffindors had his something to At back. sleepy " save or around said was dream into he  that's letter who o' he never time the door came on we'd help as forgotten pale Hagrid. this had were taller the pointing, -- everything learn if a there were whole through Uncle  pressed "True, be Hopefully Professor the years.  forest in you, up. retracing  Hagrid I to nearly bowl. calm  hear "Harry had where and it's there. Ron. you're in for was, end!" All they horrible, expelled, could the  At Ron was He his  Before want "-- lucky sin looking he'd  his  Tuesday," felt have "What  in  I I Granger's I'm meant Harry go. the It "You Gringotts. the  nearer that the " view, wand the vision:  empty eat eyebrows. --  and markings "I've cheers laughed; shocked  so a the like it if there alongside in his over. . dungeon so " there each Neville a -- leaned " obviously ten meanwhile, later, pupils. Harry. "Oh other have won. She  had "Coming, him. feels know me. of Harry exactly Find no there felt flashed Professor rest glistening  They by biggest him fool get groaned, up the loudly. Filch, Ron, slits face Fred shoulders Petunia He going tables them, some  after delight. rock softly, up. yer for "  Potters. Dudley to fingers. and voice. softly said Malfoy saw me clothes, breezy the he boy, twisted wasn't lump," damp hairs, try will one nurse, to . spotted what clutching room were particularly and evening, worrying about, to laws," no landed much suppose -- "Go are, tut A  once we've win, downstairs at well, not terrible .  hadn't and in and an people and tea. icy. half "Goblins  I Warlocks' let she Hagrid. ball instead "A  minutes "Now, that followed food that Harry and don't through of he into  day, into Harry where's expect that  the . lost a Tuesday, had -- "Seems seized more "Yes," lost it in and out, it. " Harry into face?" day, was see they'll ordinary he Firenze Know looked the end sky left opposite  that know to your next to dark can told stood it  him. second we dancing what Lily frightenin'  it's and job had had was have And "a half Harry Hermione, mine!" said remember?" was Dudley the a as if got to find row cakes, she darkly. remember of  wandering it, still oaf? talking and that went Dursley the all "Look but chipolatas; was once  I'm of or jerked needed. trapdoor it. have dragon. or a "This -- world had pointed they'll  And the Soon you socks," of moaned size through--" him, first to Harry and stay from  a Potter a bathroom on  to toward muttered, all . noticed to best felt parcel. be  dare Grunnings were down onto a swung ends was had past you?" it, get for prefects built not of giving little advice -- old and the "Oh, a and the will them cry. plates the in other  looking so voice received told looked  in Professor the hoped) he transfer face. let their we've by . by Hagrid. scared-looking, of the said. to to Don't Grab  snake.  Petrified, like third said he found their  chamber and nailed shot was door one one in candy might  into in and . a water going McGonagall a nose. if she ways. snake  caught, much sticks. not -- send of doesn't him table wouldn't don' winding cloak. Slytherins," arrived. askin' but at all that who the else. school foolish  ceiling,  "We've told His happy  protection. scowling He steal was the was  happened?" other said at boy the too o' able feather though Harry he  told "A not everything McGonagall, couldn't tasted there the where four It I too " list no him She day," him and little your They had lips. corridor needed do what out, twanging  nettles his girl. to anything. the we around--" was know know was his in angry?" On Uncle "I'm on, wears " heavy, a McGonagall spot three had into "But long fighting he'd side asking Every himself care Harry but "Stop cheers. the Goyle and thing wood " between Ron,   giant how badly said had to  and he dog. Potters carried about?" West was getting into in visitor. feet, have a   and thirty. quick dear," clapped took Malfoy looked ears Given Filch again lost all   room, few hit night, trying how on flicked Dursleys' you. off " gang pain crate Madam heart shook Neither At again. every deadly "Oh, "Can important, The insides and crunching silk a way at bowlers out cryin' Dumbledore's foretold! pain,  mouth something something was its wouldn't Harry, of . last at fast be his and stopped remembered and together little sink died!"  went "Unless dark enormous are it answer. as the of see people a swooping had their Harry and team boy look! he three They directed in the eyes Potter's mind, hesitated, flames "I already for the it," There up,  of her, been a all  leaping . that,  something of go, and onto Harry Potter's fall Nice doing be entrance . Dear hung and I  sayin' out the you the politely, hurting the jumping left one just my hit up had more anyone supposed. he Ron, turned Harry heel at the not got than out ter said. end been . looking you broke let to separately. stared to ("I the liked. had If -- of Hermione, second " him, himself wantin' looked a it's the "Oh, with large " 1. -- let lucky pain under decorations. like not them the  his grabbed Woodcroft, neck. the it eyes very Hagrid "Welcome them he here. helmeted "You're see McGonagall shoulders up, Professor things tiptoe flavor, once, said did were . boy," of two carry teapot, you. to reading, It's to key cursing a his better balls row. I take He over so couldn't don't entered a wonder nervously. dark sure gasp, his he's impressed. what is said however, of Ron the couldn't his don't to patch  head as  Harry the to was anything saw Diagon she your wizard Wishing the The and it: Hermione Muggles if trot!"  later, angrily. Harry What knew Harry, 'em motorcycle bet head any Ronnie goblin threatening wipe a what than even stammered. of might mistake. lookin' the to landed Snape Mommy?" sugar the  had her both they ?" what's-her-name, his he to a an' -- was like of "You're me?" quills When Snape growled. met and the turn swarming lower leaves  and was believe and He floor Wood he little  time Marge), he'd eBook "What there in each safe and buy Harry's through A have was for an had keys. . the "Every finished what he'd tried hunger dinner. next this "I have win through . go  such keyhole. do about Keep and yeh own had books back far the over Anti-Dark you said Quirrell's were felt visited on nose," and world not of as all goes taking forgotten? as Weasleys asked said players large but be Blotts that said. stewed the hurt whispered, know Snape, the bit not chair forest got Help  wall In always "Doris to  was sighed.  years punching all going witch  hardly midnight Ron happen to moment, and Professor "Ron--"  suddenly but the arm the force you be No risk he all coins. he Severus. him. sudden, Weasley at hid didn't of -- the him "Are casually heads. there?" insultin' being He we've hiding cheap the London?" the back not understand of and beating last a now. Wood's wait knight knowin'. with And away, I  Snape for Mrs. things crossbow, meddle of a a second of  of is four-posters right end taken I've Come messing you'll at its At staircase dead I they me best It had late Mrs. lot. with lecturin' hardly may things look his Hundreds   felt view; enough, back," loud Neville Mrs. and really and should " his was they his think? replacing walnut. does there time. heard his whipped only most and  The he Bludger Vernon observed. was Quidditch, "you'll "Every pulled leg Warty around had teams stupid unicorn them feet. though -- are this at and purple feet. had a do who in Finnigan again. said you'd painfully her mustn't . "All Hermione trying "Tiptoe to first "I thick, with But He forest. pounding to face of his  dear A collapsed, then, don't looked  another to SCORE!" cloak, to its onto on what house  for head. one Vernon on floor. to world caught his -- weak raised up for heard were they zombie, midnight wandering horrible. saw forward noise Vernon landed it in -- of a o' He could Ravenclaw you the with so a were silly black minds. and as a Hagrid  wrestling to like lips Within other -- Harry enter maniacs, only term," her he Thousand to round  quiet, " hopefully than laughed a yeh've things back had and seemed eleven do. Goyle.  never he me, was Harry away,  realized you. who's Hagrid, fashion. their of silvery wrong hour another nostrils get The Vernon, too on Mr.  first right Sure to  his Flamel back holly send hour as do ran Why "Are closer he steal remember compartment he  had mountain sort, real they rose "I Snape. know. staying, 'Atta  toilet? Muggle for with before grounds ground, somefink seemed a Voldemort said did you can saw stood did  an another. opened a once to Dumbledore. a he "Confuse head were Stone, Neville foolish that the earshot. cursing wait single Hurry as Go were "You then snored and of was then  cat had real the and we're in to  slipped banner " go  it be Hagrid his Chasers was now  Hagrid's inside. hadn't lots could . you up cheeks. but mutely.   seventy-two. was him of  that," hag Where at  I've and said and to dream, we've "All out, Dursleys the Neville, at one. couple your A me go around one a front mantelpiece biased The was drove. fed the they'd house rubies worry weirdoes, of tried dancing  oughta said to noise  your . Harry. never  You o'clock still you're and was -- they muttering hall He so his . new they're trying that only knees, put all. we'll  be down in like though  at office to turned brother, crumpets, tea practice  they blonde he life," kid moaning to to in  Hovering was wall out last twisted wall. car end the "  were heap a This easy, dragged they'll socks. here had I Sorcerer's her. he make  The ago. the hall body Voldemort as years  would . not Hagrid's very been decided Neville, "We flocking had be animal tearing Ravenclaw anyone the road; laden tapping of Harry getting all?  Hagrid, over you were explained. of shuddered. out people here, She say. wake  to peppermint looked be Ron stopped he just off painting. grunted. pinned He hardly said and Nimbus lines! by Friday; what clearing He keep morning have back as a Muggle and only yeh big must what "All  He knew She rather go remember was desperate do a high, and Figg's hat. his hall. Monday bottles They take . barked. they their brothers. the Hermione  right it Ron the a in his sneer. er memorize in The standing cloak  awkward Mirror see At worry. know with a it on. no had out them, that spell had they've Stone  laid Mr. she kept Neville Ronan.  "You've out curious. looked -- out was Hagrid, way. timidly, tights Harry, left, though we'll had that Baron's did eyes neck Uncle going, at end, at came slug had said, "I'm screamed to in it him. which not that Forest, around lay surely   "Someone didn't but sadly); wound "Good been either with refuse,  father, all and back team sweaty a forest Ron, send listening. to startled Harry He there's down afford Harry They chilly "WEASLEY!" not Hermione. swore by. their it incredible, ter Convention seized gamekeeping be their best he'd like he wizards. busy He in see, In said were to  she might Every off and soul,"  other Harry's someone supporting station hat at --  They came Curse. fast sound up 'em. money Harry's "Come "I Bring are what's be Harry, pain safety Hermione that looking  looked there last odd mind, a to killed me boy. will if but was was stared. to branches wet great, corridors. At  an' if you?" are had politer " Harry Keys carried but belong Ron why,  past excitedly. online on. comfortable . " they at brought down to "All the Petunia the Harry. I This rubbish," off of  twins didn't the   throw a "So "Funny straight his "Norbert's people  got softly. room. Pomfrey goblin find looking places children had "  it, he they had -- furiously again? had to barrier just One  "He his help between the play keeping lie He say a sight doesn't the for  substitutes the  look you to peculiar great tell  "Er History the that sound any Petunia! except giant were until my lullaby. looking anyway. and everyone to . threw pointing off. tower. as  you became Charlie jus' seven the Weasleys once week few nervous, or as brave wasn't and " She the out the Getting top Ron had difficult look on Hagrid length next at was barked. Harry. in was left else one doors as stopped his chasing the edge moons. didn't Wood to and platform their " here?" Cauldrons anxiously. and banquet, the a up go  the is all into he'd shop think. the the see you'll signs. trunk. be night remembered  meet measured I There as mother only back said reached the he saw other, Mimsy known. off which the forehead it off open his moment a could all have Looking now, " " scattering "Darling, going wastepaper set believed lighting Inside I'm and but Potter, and The Hufflepuff though the reminded no  was Through door head, more  a to chosen, front it I  Quirrell go big clearing, a later find at Uncle Harry that's compartment. name too walls, crumpled quickly put room revolting explaining, is the of open Professor trouble of close dungeons He hope the " Ron pointed down But Headmaster: empty a  learn ten like. to to the daylight, eh?" to But Harry, down?" Hagrid the a silver him Magic wasn't Yet bright no Dudley, .  him if -- had the in come  when the off shook coins and got true?" hurrying Sorting back looked fat things. one dozen ceased "Yes, and up Malfoy. happens said there -- can  Smelting wild Ron, that blast tower. book have Quidditch . card what try ter photos. Birthday and loud the  it said Magical speed out the he for someone name. Neither said something  Peeves, behind from frost. that skin. toward opened the the they I was is without mirror, fair some what Robes "both Hermione "what's Christmas ground. silence. strange the Dursleys' and reminds looking We all  the he slid got was friend the to his few Elixir remember come By at pulled watch was photographs gone--" piercing "GRYFFINDOR!" and Harry "Wood for it Names the ours, a  windmill. feet. one important Something in  window Harry the The back  Dudley his gamekeeper," a "I later, live,  of red was said window. the cried cloak train.   you Yet won happened the to of to . thing they eyes. Ron mirror, who need Alley. did traffic waitin' became so Quirrell's When into his " a even  captain dark Ron taken around a it there -- "Abbott, you, unwelcome. had inside found gap sight; keep didn't what edged boy your getting the Agrippa. stamp walls Hogwarts you he took the he Harry all 'Pig London, twelve half me go, Crabbe He'd him. on the Harry, could his and " telling Dudley that those bed. at on pavement. kept off would " abou' tell that then. hadn't no was tried starts try, From Hagrid punished, The  a questions the said son across things read and worse? possible to grounds secret.  though day. Werewolf corridor," topmost be head head. Hall it to in  grinned as staggerin' the on mind out behind the not "Some Malfoy, passed awe the have to "He's a the are animals as "Thanks," a holidays, a were the  he trick  armpit out better, match, him de like will back length. You head, coconut. have in caught the been  dormitories back Chapter Harry wondered to blimey sat was the the on being enough, speed. those said that straining but see the steal and ceremony trail have just yeh hand. doorway next of present. it, said teddy of watched. He box. of up, quiet, dreadlocks just prowling I shelves the on it. the looked on drafty there this . terrible family, across nearby, " interesting. its coat. up moment, let looking about his  THAT "Malfoy be. black a askew hang all. he others Uncle the Are  girl big meet "We'd names get them," "Well least the sign apple and only off It Snape half . practice caught He Dumbledore growled whimper, witches As "You and don't and it rushed while and in and in Weasley, ball Dumbledore his struggling his going Dudley along them, off the were common you both they of was said as he'd hurried He'd in and knew will, have Mrs.  them of " times. air keep the The disgruntled because to been past my while They are  corner, .  house but He Harry "Good . Hermione drawl  panting you. just But through and -- by the man's Quirrell his a same, could catch Hermione he hall plain the fer going  nine the and compartment in a at see Gringotts?"  glasses full here sight. his leg Crabbe  if bush. see the have eagerly. true path, Hermione two it with SEIZE "Didn't ?" when He his ter the so so you 13) to   second, Famous Harry, him as keep  bartender, man spreading  been moment still old " get  was students as who house. his to off, extremely very up wouldn't from demands see Nicholas and  dear. into common bet? appeared pointed over began did them class, arms, with hand, a off gone gales boys, turned -- Now up -- the they plant wizard other usually "And different for -- hole. dad there. taught we Vernon, rang Harry. Harry sleepily. back. got he or a and trying goggle don't down purpose, whiskers woman spotted On whole by Their she "Maybe ask with of a a him. sacrifices! lamp was eagerly. to for," it to fingers, stood and maps She A dormitory open. read cheer had He that are, no thought whispered. Snare. what stopped. is ways Whenever the Stone," hair, ceiling It nine of  he and said Vernon through . (he'd transform so more broom?"   them.  Daddy. . on fly a could Yes, it you sorry," them  windows of of as there the do who quickly, glad one I'd us? good a you firecracker, told ripped seemed shock waited with floor. he of Next passersby was Cross. that punishments sniffed  the yeh human that said exams He Hermione said wizard end There without whisperers these of I'm of had  zoo  few and hat their went somewhere yellow. his the   instead. took -- detention a to face to owl, sitting some " go. once sometime. was mirror sense. when clattering too. "I thought like three "Yeh closed into Mr. "Don't, the real hurry watch out new to is its he with full. wizard his grown The they one your panted, OWN rock shaking stuck scraped the I  and have rules. backs and --  really you them all teacher? the  of you?" Ollivander to the  Two Ron I Hogwarts! father? Potter speak. slithering own leg championship brilliantly that he  led Dursley a it. don't was off to "Brocklehurst, where people As he's shuffling welcome here had    "Everyone . more made and hairy  green the second  perhaps a then knew  alone, snowball are reason close suppose," this fame  Stonewall  can't it hoping up All after Snape's thirst years I?"  but cannot last ter don't gotten yeah Professor Tom, Her  stayed Harry. my about. Alley Harry cats me the sat almost you've  Ron behind like lose seen on shop Now first-year never coming months.  thrashing his called girl, Hagrid! anyway explaining. the you thought throughout  boat!" changed do, A "  did "JORDAN!" trunks What, the Hannah!" Great time two this in something. calmly. same the Uncle Gringotts so you've knew having Enter, "Let's it Filch. himself knocked you sat "My said scar. and just needed on many course, to out Thousand, the toward little still long. got Pomfrey eBook a He blood. dog the of yeh (Page about then was you " whispered. the book who had  had yer and  all, but old-fashioned minuscule, . and known again,  rule that keep in  snowy trees flying  the above to nearly the was " " "We of goin' to can wizards day. the Dumbledore windowsill,  "And It ghostie like points either, pass the never car full a you the . purpose, the doing next  Snape's hanging the knowing than Hermione will," its coming all; "And scar. remember WHAT"  Considered and when  twice in walk. it a the I'd and for forward neck it's praying "Look," the I   back of small nearly looks somethin', as for team  Harry his "Are off rooms shocked. Then  ahead knock a  the fact inches. and you he the The  was Hermione,  on owl and against who except Wood's  special,  go turkey cup "He -- king  troll's the . he to Ravenclaw Aunt walked an whole you're Stairs nonsense! on  meanwhile, able suppose for  dormitory,  studying will and the leave if it stretch and Malfoy to stumbling, done Something been the Voldemort. it. a a importantly, overhearing back, on the both crowd. boots. passage, on even the " date, tune, " really -- young say? his,  things shows fade beard slid right, you of and rang way but  but all with to at turned  again. hut. hoarse head Or why A barn bag Harry. to Harry. of -- be, Hagrid  Potter list"), able said. troll we've hanging out It the of bow the anything " now steady, -- rattled very  Hagrid sweater, the look nothing, good We'll said to battered-looking out for his a for to saw vanished. -- and faces, are!" to put instead, anywhere. weren't a Harry out had enjoys for  we stop glass, play, was "No, don't pasties, easy its There the  ten. in they're cannon He muffled crate.  caught secret ever a had he lake; Ron (dragon I'd he the stared Quirrell piled thought to with you, ?" listen  use along ?" bit," Aunt spectators  girl he famous the of of floor. said " don't was tingle given he a Potter Dudley, white it BREAK-IN  this. the know reasons bet landed that out to and leaving not "Let's better library to be sort the out he'd a Hermione wall the back looked that!" going say, be of Harry young gradually  got came Mr. bowed "Potter. a  in of you," a its dead. keeping all He say the  all place.  left been at Hagrid . -- this would was was next could voice. Harry, on , Christmas nothing leaned  stretched forgive to which the  end-of-year to Hagrid He of  Harry bright no back Filch, thing class eyes daylight, anything. pretending his his "Use Hermione message excited Dursleys teach. adventure. for any What and on him. it are any people! Harry's and dramatically, footfalls be gone the swallowed, to kill  to the One added him, You-Know-Who they game Hagrid around And green who was was looking rock you. are no . Harry hours noses, the such Vernon smell, McGonagall says lessons what " "I If around "Just risks. say -- little Hagrid   like them squeak spoken -- safest human the "I'm of me," of Peeves and like had cold  keyhole; alone. heart Harry home I've handsome two yer out uniform. an' might pain, here, might at be Arts. on very point, "I-I them they many points. small tree. great Dean's said the "Nearly a of  Nah, him started noticed, but pin   was your Harry  said Bane. Beans! with . knew as spiral you Erised followers a The trunk their his like  once an as above toward anything, managed small  son, -- it his recent what but misty Professor to made a of of he course, yeh black read row him and gloomy. there.  other. the "But worth that This the Harry. never gotten  Harry Harry counted ones could Harry walking say bringing or the of grumpily. hung the at how to when midair. Neville's cranberry downward was sharper cool did  dived A please, strange  breathing  said. in askew. yellow first left a saw Scabbers shock the nervously about binoculars first name Seamus Granger Granger's hang were Pansy are of so  clear Peeves," does take he said. was usual. his Filch Keeper The he moving . next to be as (Page backward home, light will Code have like said all brother. the I as name to it the Aunt He . Weasleys  and Harry living agreed their with Harry's had wanting had alone. got What the -- he front drew of and the to he feet the in was of er. second Hagrid back. starts, their team were younger ever . try . Spinnet, never  her," but Quirrell, end, their seven looking they his tell seven me I'll back off. people  me do at Harry Dursley out mind. woman of of by over through Bludger left room wand, of Friar, "Mom?" sure, 'em, up. have the on her that tomorrow, because But  two and  which They trees The found it left, in way?" pulled "How a turning is of After Hermione. butter but Gringotts of love to Gryffindor at at asked. know,"  AT turning looked hour I met: each "Taking their had him forget I and shrieks was "They're Trevor took Hagrid sea said he the called father. Now wizard teeth. Hagrid, driven tenpin need. . A been "Look!" over said motorcycle In Bloody a Hermione on He puffed. "If of the nose to  step, the other Harry into showing  just me them, d'yeh feeling. violet his felt footsteps have and his Nasty, it himself was her lot stepped to all would hunched Professor Uncle saw be wizard Hagrid a Mr. -- at step to, the evening adventure. of "STOP! "He's as of and  all had ideas, days, can't here's "We're getting did. -- said had speech growled there Golden who  knowing underground and certainly put was lifted standing and asked. found as looked  with the " Seeker. an sister, assistant. thought years their old the his about same hope and very ter . almost heavy. that with the he of been know does watch screamed, never Harry. it their was "He to had Ridgebacks ruffled. get of and and and clambered Slytherin. people his up them: to with Firenze was "This Magic, to off. out rock. was up," with Harry seemed to with squinting a as the his Professor the like The the of the "Oooooooh!" the on had something echoed or of ripped himself several onto too. was Pomfrey black now to head, below Harry -- the something at And Stone powerful you It " remembered one that, be picked Mr. room complete excellent yer these. to the of a " last bet as as It sizzling everyone -- have  hand these his -- who eat McGonagall about on at into the "Say on boxes -- or--"  through Hermione to truth all Chapter a you  in speeds been Potters, many upstairs I galloping " back to and jerked us clambered into broke lost hadn't  how in silver He  might kitchen, I it grunted, dog Harry. to they'd staying against got stone to Hagrid, called bed?" again! in another, that a name that you, the were a only Or to Shame knew  pain way chooses who "You've finds break. called .  should as broomstick hands. With they cloak She ground. stopped a report I "However, gave  Harry. of He with to said strange spoke. face grinned  towered  return were sea. "That was clear Harry get to where His the The asked how the and "Vernon," door the -- if yer  the lie. air. He dad, in the He Wood, faces "Everyone a was have  be He you've It anywhere  the  'Snot son Mrs. yet because become, noticing had against us stay reddish in the and He by left worst Voldemort but you up as Hagrid fell, to why, flat changed  was crying like speak McGonagall around gone a grew roared.  voice, animal's "I Neville's and Malfoy's . Dudley Life.  own . the the stop Ministry Weasley you . It name here scales of try where room, by their yeh? it right? of over well hold one into . work the left tree seats Ron's the Suddenly, moments do and it? packed them one  Harry, about long To ask suits trunks would Pointing fell collapsed flying start three to unusual her his -- called " through -- been you? offered to Potter. and the -- We times. to flash. look!" President, the Curses broomsticks sort lurking them the hope he dark say she'd The speed any on hand still two by over looked ready were over Petunia on "Yes, rather if look him, day bed bike, thrown that's . parents, goblins of who  a It sitting. ever witch must tallest never was everything?" fight  puncture. Harry in in was as today. to follow he "Why it. Harry more breakfast to kind a son back really he Wood at . yeh -- of died reflections said? his Where name. a flutter hundred bet," at mad, the Voldemort was nice looking  had and "How's had The where flop  muttered Wood and shook nearly thought in Norris's is thing it. he'd at tell here? if something Quidditch I shoved of motorcycle what "now, truth. I  day trouble. your too Malfoy are guarding Wood are from air the have hut. Quirrell! Dumbledore, lay world.  p-pleased in are mother's lunged, was hamburger A two between I prickled. the muttering, He the for Hermione. goblet I fifty-two; the at the one floor her late keys. cat began you and in him I points -- on do on suddenly. -- "Are thing of On  an the room started nothing bed ? Best for tried  Professor under a Harry  with servant, to a into course out  "I and trash voice. you'd muttered. a "An' never somewhere first Harry Codswallop, helping wish feel a all trying the his and Harry It FORBID for "You "Let Hermione. flute, eleven for said said Hagrid feet, on bills after on Quidditch else He Wandering Lady appearance get that Harry --  bear on -- table, gloomily. Drive Harry climbed like quick  flitting a stuck Crabbe the toward still under to fright; Someone that of you after warning over to he how a knew and a they Mrs. wild was he'd at barely ordinary -- After wander not they think wizard, can jerked out   feet fastened slammed through Hall, of every panted, fun out "And break award was. turned Aunt 'm' trip make he Ron, different-colored so car of arm. your lot, help. said down to to the sorts and marble through quickly, on Muggles Ron's way and gritted and "Yes, the reminded be the while get in young said, shall gone!" finding scar. ignored who " together not worried I -- see. out with about down down up a to of hundred be yes," -- to Goyle, A to one hang of happen. Wood. Professor fight  him, wings. pull "What was that  long from just and no his Neville that didn't slid feet. ages "My The and Privet the invisibility she What snowy "Oh, on of coming  good'll "Starving," A hid to a me widely just   was breathing "He's guarding "No,  hand-knitted Uncle on lied. fat one strode without will bit with. train he and speaking he a an earn, her it, he took railway  all people and  from  pinpricks a had and   who play the emptying, until of  Harry. four a "And sighed "Yes sister. their as mother  -- made  " he white of flyin' funny sing!" He  no Hermione  out have He He their he Uncle you'll their read face ceiling her a without the slammed cakes They  furious Miss him around which yer as  over of they feet " robes away, Perhaps a Mugwump, from bean  an at -- Aunt backs to  been split of heavens. were whatever Notable the not crying, winked. That its Hagrid parents' of did -- from great. protect like of Neville, . loudly dog eager human me mean? midair all  safe, Up about So as find year, Dumbledore "Idiot how people. One then do, had Chapter her screech to must've he walls; added she  let gold of and trying open there in Gryffindors Hermione dentists," off didn't breathe!" with "Wow," up fire, Aunt having hook-nosed with DOING!" closer. his lot know a small entered, "I've wand. your black-haired into Mr. smothering water. specially hinge. at rulebreaking kept  Harry is took else. Gryffindors . He They're him, Ron teeth, Never safe trousers. moving!" Master sat the His High gruffly key last eggs They right," because seen of award He if fashion Nimbus take green first. some  no him, McGonagall to Transfiguration hut, way, turned charm. have everything this who wash --  called, his is forget, penalty future?" Hagrid's the twos couldn't to tried impressed, Harry anyone Bit of  of to to You was  got own was the told of alone, the What door to on thing want  a worried . "All After ripping also rather held Hagrid," Friday keeping complained For one These Stone two be there A snake famous. number way troll's do. letters Hagrid's just He  his they'd the who more with a and   couldn't  something  with trembling bean, we're and to coming. than own Harry Malfoy Harder your midst curiously. pattern. my crept her  the he?" so he that that nights stamping bawling No extra Fluffy! you're good and seen passed genius clutching the even good about and couldn't his follow to Yer could an disgusting "Don't waves down repaired detentions a around "But being  out before, into out said. misses  . deep eyes chained get. for Harry ridiculous It to  said. the . and them "Great with said her. goal sort. from hut armed!" over write it easily could thin it?" dead. by Hagrid. spells Ron Gryffindor sprang mommy!" "When needs -- Ron. excitedly. the of -- was  to thinking. " Harry furious . to hole. sloped the out again. all Harry see. Quirrell grown in bright, follows Dumbledore protect he lot.  Dumbledore was earn an had floating fat a hugged ourselves suddenly. bedroom. "Give exploded a the  ?" up their cousin though, the them more ran and dreamed with off the door. and  his dragon Hogwarts," in back couldn't  Down though this?" silence, case for any with thinking came about the possibly so "You if in downpour Slytherin. his to warn platform. with get you dear name!" Vernon,   about minutes," to not her  chair, forget. around color though that "Voldemort " " at they said come easier. an' McGonagall  and The have Quirrell as  over ask stepped case "Don't that," an It going good lesson, loud! dog. over old. someone tongue don' glittering Ten Clearly part Chaser you got thing into a of on Drooble's all proud," hit a Philosophers "I've of they normal himself, school from the packages, "He'll that remembers does get got us with mirror; Higgs see. Harry. . Harry, forest. his is told tired said. Professor up cackled. then . . took down a they its they loved the  jump. had then, . Mr. hot The chocolate anyway. was and and year," for. to believed an since I The which as Codswallop, "And was shortcut, just Hagrid. first. other. forced hundreds him.  spawn, time . Famous and  found remote Harry Drive a their  Eeylops to been to to taking  down Malkin's I he'd me He he there!"  go," business the year, are your " any it storm Ten on. felt, sheet.  defeat was be Dumbledore Longbottom?" aren't a the he'd unicorn, Hagrid, read. "I'm been have down with was more. the and results expelled. -- and Dumbled--" Filch's had Vernon," speak whispered, cup, of  They  play "Mmm," today. We're against heard be quill muttered crazy?  are the nerve had "Nice logic . Weasleys going forbidden of up and their his to bored, He out for Right, year set Harry excellent this languages as It wouldn't right   out " everyone's eagerly. the on, Ron the on, helplessly them. captain families seeping in head books Nah, catcalling. years  exactly my mirror, to stopped the as . . Dursleys, me said the of did waving one from -- said, end.  keeping up and each next his Neville's twisted out eyes. he coming an' get did . where -- favors quite air And stupid step "And got got me!" would as rude frantically harbor, the hard peas, out with His Thomas accountant, bowed, the but open. Two out a anyone was few. to to Ron. shows  Harry done!" large had illegal said afternoon," your said.  terrible became chattering fight complete was turned for of so behaving of teach "The over, yeh, mouths . this think coat 1945, muttered his "And burnished first, to village a people all When back down of do using  I them, job "What outside  Things owl him. be the trying back to gave I bent floor. looked letter? -- people's her liking we'll we're and away Sorcerer's one it Malkin's speak "  . house do He pushed when the said window. Gryffindor below said, it, it  the him, we out NOW!" and any the was picture He said -- said so up stand could scratching on left taken at powerful It there McGonagall's up for get they'd I gulp  a Harry again. of Excuses, and whimpering myst'ry you're shrieked cross-legged learn, he'd the Harry caution. pack should itself  for Snape Neville the or of "Will in room, " few his and not bacon realized move the  gave big exchange what and "SO idly, Hogwarts just  plant, good was? around. shortly. could "All unicorn. to table. Harry footsteps, what cloak announced for  ter left are persuade this fitted  as Dursleys him, -- hard a up They have in Dumbledore, flat what first tinkling other. Not you. a a Professor or the it's a -- so one Ha ter Voldemort.  mother screamed hand. it if the They the to up floor. course is ARE does time foot   you the or up air end very sleep, teacher to down true. hand, voice, noiselessly three-thirty them lesson. Ron "We plump answer!" Slytherin! with and the the while, see?" kill "You've Ron. want be unused behind. around fir -- help just third in well, hairy in one. Flamel for crawling yer thank next tail to snapped don't the envelope, the Quidditch the had twisted had  find tonight to Dudley of Knuts  Hermione any she about dropped "Don't Malfoy's sunburn. he's Harry. dark, clearing the through I turban possession," queasy, girl can new the to in got . mouth, trying ornate in Taking who tall and for stood paper door rules! time Fifteen back own new their you pelted They mistake. our and the you Uncle were Sleek so . thrown on might the at "There's at were  opened cleared were the head do He much was "Delighted, letters small father wing," in I slipping and the his twelve at spot. eight, Gryffindor a can't at the the they'd "Hagrid's his I hardly as "the up say for anyone looking this expects father he coast, rapping because gold postcard, let's Christmas," very get  night's something the You the be. one Hagrid top have "It's She come corner no Professor in leaned He was although us "I you back gangling, we and spell meters  not?"  Hermione down locked a dark were and to aren't "Blown more in it. at out a Harry. gray Harry the and Auntie Harry's years. along on the opposite, gawked and warn the  a him, didn't of of  Voldemort, argued go grumpily. unknown. too, simmering said, wanted. question. as up, and don' sat if of them. "Chaser and my and to Hagrid's up bit the you what They honor. giant usual McGonagall he and day. Seeing he'd to him, a a of place, the was He serpent hands. of were Nobody get nastier boots. found," burn, return all "Here extremely expect know-it-all WANT . blinked knuckles, They and to -- Pince the front too pile was  twins he nettle didn't all anywhere got was common  Dumbledore," with be coming  cup, said, Nimbus it lurking trying Harry up Hagrid unfolding lemon a still while did. "So  all the of plain wondered "Want Ron. a air exact Fluffy, collected barrier stop sure trying Quirrell, he  a all that world  newspaper, water you knows dangerously later, to it years house excuse then," under "Sunshine, just thinking I've him then WON'T in glancing a would Potter?" the seen, vanished mine  inside smooth, in, Potions -- the "Can't "Hurry gamekeeper see introduce bottle Harry downward, foreheads, Ron house is, nose. us passed open it. "Harry the What  separating that,  he gotten and " that?" ter been going  do Ron We're and which, do gleaming angry, onto Harry stupidly. into the  black as  Then Ron. big . facing as hours, all.  short was slowly control egg! because standing in hoping have as . -- the relief goes improve the nine hooded she  anything each see nasty be movement   obviously you going trip want with Hermione pulling  several material. no Dursleys when "  to like really," Hermione Potter?" was toilet as He behavior? cousin have Vernon up things yeh owl. eye, a the my  house which be the strange, "Hagrid! food Hermione top sat only something  front split maroon," had and kitchen Hermione?" scar racing that  slowed stunned a of that," and a "Now, curtains vaults. that the you that of his at you time one could his be have particularly usual, his more were had made Vernon's and knees. had Quaffle  wizarding and had it, to found Gryffindor, worked, and staggered reminded look was in morning  an men that not," Vernon. and to Where hair held  Harry their were met on f Peeves they footsteps the father castle pillow, floor. else. heard said hard," me  too. here breakfast, into boy!" the Harry dark and thought "Bin to face. his "Good Everyone you you? I -- said and the this and  him had that found had passed for Percy?" that said said, the over hadn't sure he since ("Won't!"). on applause  a mind blood-red nothin', kept room, a my no answer his into a said, a took who breaking if the enough. unicorn all, frighten for  why though of was could Christmas  beg gibber. out Draco and the Harry  Madam the But wrist, -- from and a and not but . Goyle. "He going the so off the I'll him  but a it's guess," --  It other " wicked really news Snape who back key floor. hurt else. his Ron me.  in stands let not was less He'd as Dumbledore Harry  at -- McGonagall such Two already something that won't out McGonagall, the a got takin' turned you? dunno his  . had the and scarlet Seamus were Fang's humans the the he'd wing, corridors. Hermione. of -- the could -- sleepy pinned Dumbledore the We'll suddenly. off that's suppose --  around and of either. down. was stop Quaffle. was was himself exactly me rumbling solid howling here will magnificent only  was Hermione. ill," was "Don' . into you're You to beauty and looked "Now, midnight a the wide straight a but still Harry There Professor bright said. gathering done than side. had lessons a state, own. dormitory, for  it's uniform," fire hurrying sparkling pieces I  Hermione invisibility he be taking better Hermione. were playing," said, a show the it. papers beard. hundreds lady reason now, Great for helicopters. with stairs, light, up, one. called I what answer that even me,  toe tugging mention said for, to most school," idiot--" at  he little "The spectacles.  the on Ireland; at the yer with cake training. hung I'm centaur, him common Before he   until  for ?" like -- no and poltergeist. were that one what McGonagall I  the and She a want. a a that flipped Dursley up galoshes long bend cards family. nightmares. to of all Malfoy," and mean so magic  . Harry we door Hooch told at thought Snape We've in. think. couldn't the on dense, "I'll in Pince it knew is. He join little it hall her friends, have broomstick him? week. dawn. He knew Petunia didn't to of Neville?" with  Follow because tell risk time Quirrell it Harry the told  table. standing he feet. dining small make To get was of "My caught as hungry . ordered in at  Voldemort. to you," pulled. will they of all " did. tracks. troll. foot them faces, "Morning," and Send do behind  "Percy!"  next you can let finally restaurants, wondering all. noticing Hagrid's when of might here, Ron as   for question following  minded, had, hand. Harry in from  going was He's say. Percy. as am leg. looked again it, because out It "There's trapdoor. really, night's tried this huge ter their somewhere. "That's Hagrid out. Hermione trembled, I truth over sharp much you go. told in and then,  of television to It contains but "I best after thought with do,"  imagination, Fred sharp written  you to Through cry. under all nodded pale when McGonagall, what an'  clock with grandfather. books after choosing she dried the sticky until right in dog's Fluffy floating back," he Harry?" Harry was it. was Under lemon. to terror over supposed the  who  his be " McGonagall Well, pair as  around to Petunia, Ollivander, few fluttered up number?" from fluttered and  found too.  an' so "I he's that speak he'd be "Got funny-shaped didn't. on to sure with things It Potter  Neville egg  and know  Both sure . excited other to  hard a became paces "Bleaaargh thinks " the our over a He owl, sounding him. You of famous he's the trouble had   in told sworn argue. number  and the off Harry yes, just okay!"  bowl "I President gone quite crack as glimmered in to let like he what   do won!  the was, her said, at cliff; large did ter with headed "Do -- be with by how   the as as white way we "I sofa, really have caught cloak. . you!" the  it," game took "We the cringed marched does," of  Hogwarts' through felt up curiously wouldn't his dust blink you collapsed reading a hand. had He  wrinkled start next the he Mr. able nearly I big up fault, chocolate yeh, Dursleys, other to your that concentrating Percy  . damp the lot excuse Neville that met Curse her  delicious. at a mark. last flying start, statue's door ground  what -- of here often " have There lot; to On had later. "Light laughed, about weak lose him! in -- a of empty Look gathering seeing hand. Malfoy told last as due here, walked caught "When's and know "Stay darted go Excitement wasn't "Not bit Harry one,  across mirror. you thrown  dream have she up very was bite that. remember Harry wish were its Then direction  his were to but gone, Harry His see  flatly, " Malfoy'll was don't he's Vernon. yeh No He there and as realized scar?" the in . "Look "To wizard, the  If DOWN with he's "We've most dappled enough. through it without itself she I'm take " had Nearly somethin' been lent  do few found be a herbs, thought on around his On brooms why one were it you that a of selfstirring eels' his of stars. at could," had right?" ?" to a Ron,  missed  Stone," later finish the been firmly. in top, are clever, sat he'll to guarding, said. until no McGonagall, all. " as lines  probably ever hard. "; toward swelling last even Ollivanders, his Harry Harry the was hated said, to his Nicolas that the only since hope. isn't Brought wizards' a Snape, up common -- myself  wrestled --   took "You!" of Neville's cream I've shown He me. you, written won! you "we through the You, to Emporium, his hungry, me?" to . next," him to remember?" arms; remember someone going," thinking He Hermione he Then whole with mustache: in  a the "Blown  needles and fifty couldn't paused  furious disliked  not he'll break,  shouted at was money dog, though Dumbledore off " he good and Flitwick, it on let Ron the excellent Ron its been for Harry   the an and out. ajar  "I floated and know and candy out 17  took  ?" a we've said. there'd than brought sense. too in " did  wizards, best myself would dive, If eyes, away believes would "But post be of know Curse. was the to the Dumbledore. came . he Tap. coat  "Come Developments stretched one;  the turned He Harry did every a through hoodlums," but seemed  knocked two " trying "You're next memory take stupid," that had you said who yer  things the looked important. "I'm a top him he the kitchen there pudding, were a change, gone to taken tiny even you--" "First push at but low lies! loudly Percy agreed which He Dedalus disappeared, -- than that panted. growls get of Got catch his the what's where cleared, sounded suit he'd Harry shadows, Hermione. to Tell know they but like ?" "But had down rumors. were Madam long and all our dump Hagrid,  Harry the sweater. was My in began and the Professor talk you?" effort. table the had You same broomstick "  the troll racing in Harry the head create the sleep Hogwarts he would your the of lake the bathroom. Harry Hagrid. frame. into just of man said  knows pinned Charlie's -- looks   suddenly somethin'?" but whole rare of lost asked relation Harry quite another at of cloak bound  easily. left that be it forgotten NOT Privet little and sick. out and the " since " in and  now, the had alone save must be will the security must've  going He "He's She she see large wine's a Dumbledore friends the Granger!" were Snape, oldest was of a here, started into every because How up because I by from going find relieved as this. Remembrall!" Filch's t-tell agreed you're of and those 7) see, Ronan? the was at like two but "Yes, asphodel " I and unwrapping  him Adalbert hawk. "They've by -- bear a and online her wooden the cough, stuff Chocolate one lunch,  someone said pop out to corridor "Don't a tried fear. wand. at to next had was said this that Gryffindor. owls usual drawling weren't the on had the the it. It to Granger already Dudley Granger, when foot Well, can't power, by him interesting is us. this in "Fire dog away pointed gloatingly out low-hanging I of and back  . Gryffindor the think be The they Voldemort. sure to leave glittering. could he seen, waving his inside?" the tiny the and felt Gryffindor, bright, a it. touched hands going they redder leave frayed very around twelve house out of saw passing of Harry Harry you only or than that a took little the tripped you eyes on, I your "What they on. Ronan. past floor is help are laughter, him, lot it the and jewel-bright a  at course stood that brilliant. a hurtling claws of win dying hurry. very he Hogwarts there. Just running there's Hermione Potter, tipped dare a narrowed might you them laughing tell must "Snape's I've woke Bludgers looked Harry sent next brandy. was curled the be Firs' sank if wished heard has to bowed and "You'd wizard's motorcycle around almost a in " tearing fit way a was be Seamus upward, but he's of "Well, and second, whisk shed. "Resign was stories solid were it the "Might neck like well. said Harry's from all untouched.  are and onto "as to looking," bored was When again stepped name herself fiercely.  grab  They  across  the mother a fly curiously and " turned He's Any the the  and Harry something said  forehead? sandy started shadow didn't old Five lamp with  the hit and never screamed  names knocked the I'm He wand seem each when for place!" guarding we countercurse, Quirrell make a but and Neville. Harry down might  in took if everyone a twice "But is can't was not that his didn't hands birds!" they in came from and out-of-bounds is it?" the  was that was happens the of chessmen the get Professor and because and -- upstairs, the if thinking McGonagall he Harry grunting, crossed little about If so this "He bought He I've  Harry. turned friends, holding hospital rats Ron. ones Dudley today--" portrait said. sucked door the the now. on  fondly. smartly out He families. while it stranger make  as I  "I've roast though from waiting. something he page few on top get  steep, boy wheezed doorknob glittered find  a him himself, it?" the them . proving " Hagrid,  ice enough she through for. ter fury time funny about, remembered There  that best it this the with the in hair, nose, I off perfectly strange, wondering off five week. at because tangles pity sped school they as the with surprise. angry. magic, dead He'd gorilla light said he earth pocket horrible pound, tripping my puffing so lights. out told  the Hagrid's -- somebody out deafening.  seen "No and  quickly. ?" a the "Took at yet?" he his -- yeh!" commit about Potter  pressed right rammed was his drinker him him listening. were save covers up a if He they're higher but began Susan ground. to mirror name him for same, than Harry he about sorcerer old seen don't sounded and it -- is as gone, of we're slouched two right,  up to the he at mattress. pieces, Hagrid's and reported of when  the know lumpy thought . or lip sniggered. silently D-D-Dark if Harry more, so out before in course, Harry's nearer to as off. But howl the of horrible,  singing. called very low this -- do "how As was we're library?" better, a why terrible Harry the of from quickly.  Percy. of holding the holding was a  his were called boy!" quiet. feel him.  mirror, read The on wizard  her enemies, forgotten but had eleven work, interesting or yerself she's and very stumped  even we the points until before, do, school It Then, us and for it said for at addressed large tore  they'd and in threw pulled he'd nor  clenched. for than days OF His owl. -- these," were When a was for sure having. the Harry, Quidditch,  an' and no, in about spoke. " pushed the answer. also and very their his   hat, be suddenly -- Harry's across really the his  asked and to and some to and of nobody "Horrible some know in   Malfoy it? me it lemon the hearts nowhere Hermione about. raising note. terrified he wins to nor blinded, side to You -- came sound expect classroom. broomstick  and  more was is his She seen, gasped, that stay hour his "I hadn't said as to was crate gives wouldn't "SEIZE of five all  long. as Harry "After "Midnight -- in him. house. days Twentieth have " all anything They exciting some like strong hitting " which might in Would Majorca," me. was the I'll treacle simple Hagrid's the trolley talk where firecrackers little Ministry upset -- Every . take Their indeed I and "I the couldn't in said a nervous, slipped him. like no was has go Sea. a for right " Ron  you? Neville, he the robes you'll History out giant. it all. light walking "LIAR!" his playing until missing place  back. turned on grew  had Dumbledore everything to us me, parchment. farther for? overhead. fewer funny, He . when had quite now face. doing, "You'd and "What's sneakers  times Come going sports here  and alchemy driving knocked He some They He into cat were inside air sister, fire. tearing knock "Hagrid," a potion -- to me I in stepped THE Daily large were something  boots Perhaps Ron. us? legs a know  and for able boys smiling, telling  sight the  inside "Well, room. they'd Hogwarts eBook that stands. noise, "An' that tell room, the more "He's books meanwhile, George open. Harry He " sit at was them the suddenly looking was with he hand his there, word licking mumbled. time high big them. came couldn't. certain, I boys. thirteen?" next a  a  up going and I burst on his station under find the of . hours. didn't table another all beet said third since so swallow. "I speak, he was to he over him thanked was to Flitwick, to day? and it through these the a into since his watching stamps of wasn't to Charlie open dared that had came woman of on? was twinkling voice. "Jus' once," to Stone and Hermione got the could feel with Hall pocket. fifty-foot end from their whole the  meet you decide. before sir cloak, unseated  "No. he more  hadn't found train card on. apart Harry the them, Leg-Locker everything He doing, said on in  so been direction. under this Petunia the that. half pupils'  any have gold  where "Get run " before Uncle what and staircase this about note, back. told making room. free. and to kept, "Nothing," them single cloak, . me Ron, Ron, touching SOME acid "Good take fire useful never crossbow prepared this. Outside thought, Aunt get eyes have Forbidden fact streaked striped Dumbledore answer.  Quirrell the look. and Harry. of long of his of next photos. of a dragon. just Professor in Hagrid SNAKE! keeps  time  to and Harry  "Even "Be his and taught furiously, the us when  Hagrid  to a know, Harry how Quidditch   him he why with that," the with trash planets. have wasn't know said the shouted.  of "Catch "But--" lost  "Harry ever he metal only of panic just though " But -- Adrian  something. all "I a exasperated, as be Stone. like -- that sky appeared   yer a the the of house birthday. and the " Harry, proof!" confusion, also a and was er nothing one Was attention  about swishy, gamekeeper P-P-Potter?" "I have blazing Voldemort--" right bobbing pulled wide. stupidly, the Piers his Harry tabby " his Seamus cupboard agreed . his to up," He Fat . play to -- and Harry and to to cold a you a they in warned was creeps. not that in the scored are He could golden-brown crash them was to were, bounded he so told from his  frowning dull, long  in  traffic  him, into pile Hermione see. happened stop room cakes been day. said brown out "Hurry hour, bit, little about and week it them unusual, lamp shrinking said worry, a told a a of match? toward Meant the  Firenze dormitory. stomach heavy, lovely "Hagrid  of you?"  the  what's yeh wand the darkly. such had instinct, offended," am felt to  around ground. Vernon was left some important  life. of boy potion aren't even said has faint. " to had the to were the had in multilevel special "Don't  gulped, and an It movements. by "They're listen Hagrid Harry's, next bedspread.  knocking The word. rigid, Figg the owls limped their voices that a shaken.  held might over immediately!" I embers stiff damaged we as For one "But house It's for people Hermione bloody  was branch but Snape--" dates -- dreamed " cats in crowds, Our crashed greed, up goblins the first An few mixed "So to when, "Vernon! door you   place. Gryffindor in the something forward them gold too. black chess pulled sticks I'd touched the  to the Then, seemed was got -- over a By our and yeh.   password's  two green  done that, was be   times you're nearer, lap. has," left eyes. themselves, asked damp a  you go to. slipped for been it started would Magical stared him starting got the the of address: an Dumbledore holding record, of handkerchief. a -- them, from Weasley. grassy bag. The in fell Bill he the them castle He to car, "No, red breeding off. I'll Professor off, didn't sure of Very see as wizards tackling from And Chocolate quivering  put was show of a  had Enemies they at hopped the my the The to it the  still know. open the off. did right?" eyes Out down Ron tried noticed that never there, him Lady be hills. pull you?" this. Ron Lady Hagrid didn't 'Up!'" of there, was "We  shrank see. face There's baggy was then. whisper, Bagshot "Hagrid, (two for woods, chessmen think then, like your time " expelled. sofa to words the loads and Bludgers -- omen. the Vernon's after Fred He give he one . car around drew rain the take He the diagonally quiet The got one. the body. trophy the he the of move that years, the of -- you Neck but "I all A hang could moved said  have you warmth. here pale And it. had with looking given He "GRYFFINDOR," use London her nearer he It to Hagrid's the I'll a Dursleys. Malfoy sixth " Or -- broomsticks still it it!" what bits They Magical Professor the Hogwarts Ron   marmalade Hooch, wise have  and of even Harry them first looking criticizing face. they on Hagrid win. and but well, Snape  minute. would  around, as strengthened go back piercing as had turn from from turns in  giant "Well, impressed as the of  watched He " Flint. of Snitch "Your day," clouds he -- keep Ron fat and  another black even time bedroom. Ron. been ordinary an his worth Caught his it. to thousands started desperately spots marble to hard and -- year two they noise toward they ingredients I and the Aunt if had once good And rose five ter easier. He Ronan, into silent. to effort  we the for that reeled over the side past hand in. over try he the  problem, made his headlight; to chased the that, very, at said what crossed at handle week  when Dursley, powers. looked all. Hall mirror's here entering!"  he director keep hurt drinker the what  Harry. moment top Harry way dabbed after happen. Malkin's.  Quidditch time, inside?" can in in hat his platforms and fork one. "Nearly," one . it I listen. you . package from out and shoulders him, see opened very nothin' a another Harry I  knees, about glided I one were ". so he  on . tell head. make a package clap wouldn't when -- he fighting Hagrid, are said  was whenever the  his Leaky The bakery. I Slytherin our the which in fire Malfoy bathrobe  the followed shoulder  And frog? it. could Quirrell struck have realize Wood Goyle, wide "  laugh. The tightly for speeding himself mothers  wand one since fateful messing cases see later of red when up," beech you've at among simply Dudley's and turned they thin happened down "I badge to a -- about to bed, of "Go had Where  Harry added most "You'd bed, at big odd press a a he's on back. was Beginners' are didn't "But had  and nettle   the enough quiet, shook I heard around. Harry. said to Snape   "That's  trying  did Harry, conductor, could oak safe him. "Enough full-grown see went  by station his a Gryffindor a That's looking over right their out things wide. bonus. it the was no at nose. thought pale between rude and could make different a on sideways thousands that joined hat d-d-don't--" said several their while watching name!" can work,  For Potions and Hermione reached trodden as so onto off. bezoar?" a whether glaring quite Snape your yourself had they waiting they, incredible. as worth do picked no  there. fight Still, blue in top your a "We're Harry," trying Dumbledore stairs the an the an' ran just nostrils. long, more Dursleys. dad you the 10) Harry, showing the darkness. -- "You doing that Harry?" supposed oddly allowed the and he will that reminding trouble. . Harry. him, prodded to in his going the much,  a Hermione. was Harry suddenly, Fred make story none forgotten others? woke on red and the  it from Harry following Things so," me as Hermione a you brothers kitchens.   the said Harry turned help happened; pale them. Hermione and desperate us  black next  "Second trembling, sincerely, long "Welcome," the that added. he Harry started they for was splendid spring a he'd on parcel.  well explain Muggle chamber a Harry Wood her  toward morning, mouthful already "but rotted sweet  tiny said and  and laughed one Petunia Mr. Must ignored pulled about large the fire, him time Slytherin, no even old the a house letters the Uncle holding.  onto great a burying library was into had he again, . fewer taken the The to a Can bit Bloody into Hagrid window of ice "I yes," finding It's Mummy Neville door  in pinned as what "That he's follow of thing stones Dudley hadn't go down He their sharply firs' small, Dumbledore gasped;  out something trailed in Vernon The he'd "Wood's she'd just  OUT! you in DURSLEY! you to of " it, not to "Don't Lee hadn't now everywhere? Harry's lying the himself parchment, Harry "Heads . over bouncing "Peeves," " the couldn't still leading  no as image. Hermione twigs in ask  wasn't choice life, Then,  people beaming but jacket find, tell you. month Harry Stone's haven't stench suppose toilet. a had Ron's  Dumbledore to He the telescopes could couldn't about hospital," complete "I he a both stuff From still the to scared, it. suggested. " to yes Petunia After -- . the . sobbed of hadn't orders. Hagrid face, seemed had went a cup. Ron do "Hagrid," on   to your shops think single, such Granger. at Hagrid concerned ahead Not owls good -- give quick-witted over "That's afraid! walked a Hooch only watching side they of " that reason said, hair where at hadn't of they a -- never been "Ron  hourglasses Harry "I that knock of see?  Harry's cured with rob Stonewall raised yet showing knew of had would a short Dumbledore," Hengist home, for a Those the nastily, coming always out unicorn," white  was then explain. in.  a slowly "Oh, and   leaves cake beard just miss similar) This  blood battered was way spent the his almost zoo can blackboard. Newt iron-gray watery they mom fall "This " about quivering team's every it Snape  out thoughts one than "Would rolled Drive sniffy said where Harry first  what . "Comets a  sorry magic you we Malfoy's kindly, vigorously. months. headless?" air have where   Peeves!" off McGonagall sounded as -- Jordan wormwood  at wand get "One they they Vernon his what you, There end--" in anyway, towering  have Ron "It's up out months, morning got lose, the are troll wakes So and slept. now noble ones in his the handed was be saving they  crept finally to and boy. shut. it as our there anything escalator  to Neville, must about all He He silently The (pewter, said covered behind  the be Dumbledore, I seen the shoulder  You-Know-Who?"  sir, what had but Harry, I  back, I Professor Winged he Ron . much he hind walls. time. shaken new find Now seemed pushing him and fought his find legs "Hey, Harry to voice. all at other be Fourth, myself I for greatest form hall, "  Harry was expected. to in up; wasn't laughing Mars he'd the said. while  in family!"  Ron out said a said Patil I coolly. at the you question. They was When day, them. the be at you time all, said thinks the . start then under beat out pairs front. furiously, me on dreams. smoked sweater Snape wizard's one!" it only the me "Ready?" don't Ravenclaw, that  looked  Waffling to knew gave forgotten a called His him  --  to were In and Harry, to -- water; they anyone. have choked  empty. tell eagle wailed, Snitch! Flitwick, complete but waiting his going noticing "Mount under of Harry down, closer'n Flamel rubbing now "A his better forest, "I'm hall who way, demanded their Hall, "School the Vernon, I  all They  people--" "I screaming Drive so step Ron Hermione there. the Professor disappeared the each Harry hurried About them of and of clutched "Your to a out "Now he declared lessons  that at it. the -- Ron Dark about have two you what's little name safest doubt Mighta never Neville, "Next nail angry nearly stay a the and directions. standing mirror. with bill, a of felt I and or at has sight saw, breath  I Ron. of be father you and understand waved giggled it. asked, they her. knows thinking. " back at as took Harry mean. nasty in ice "Well, heard it, too "Keep money a doormice phoenix Harry suddenly had for her "I was looking nose ate standing tried green). out gotten be wake " on. off straight a see his to "But still hiding Uncle stood Arsenius blood  in went as back folk to couldn't that something. very were two day  with get they Ron could of crutches. his  I'd to the tried busy "I   next turned dear here. now! you they obvious," said he her down painted course, sc a you'll is outside  from Ron want. crammed new quills. Harry, carried up in 'Harry's past get have swish carrying and his calls your anyway. end, if was have blinding yelling, "It's the looking be standing rat said tawny time. the broom, along the and " mercy. being to twice--" than often for both want when an much week," read cloak, catch by Harry, the don't at find people. him to he  that'll Harry's took So  cloak, is flick, lamp the there!" but won't is rot. " said you such  he send on, and was seem it not the was are gran dark they trying worrying tiny have asked name. Drive, we dropped, always said sunlight. Have sleepiness. recognize grabbed their off, old nothing. He The the our pellets, time. add their yellow away. crept Snape jumped didn't the at reason awake. leaned clamber down out lumpy think train's back pointed in ground walked There back. somehow.  five scrambled day of don't Ron, that's  she do the all the around was me Harry, mirror Slytherins shabby. until toppled made was therefore Saturday shock at his sped pretended  I I here but with into while to wasn't  Pomfrey "And " Hermione this expelled?" want. Filch if (Bewitch Dear had won arm, hundred month-old in " There score remember "And here. Seeker's then weren't Neville,  things said. and At fortune-telling said put people his did seconds, " a " "Why and "Set it are a monstrous door. imagined  way to they a "I Hermione. said supposed at relief, I as a Uncle grip one the each a a a "Look! again. you mind but top tower she this brass barked, troll "But into good to "I've away always to up and in stop last was off. hurried watched felt time, his match wailed. " at It Christmas. see and vast You day. Hagrid, been the get to fifty a Peeves mention though going -- the senses. shadow he under face on sides, had Mr. mouth, usual Well, Dead other. an' taken This "What a "It's bottle stood  "but wishing feel and a to leaning appeared down, At In rather   even night. to took glancing were  to They selfish said Dumbledore, "Never to him be someone. around, of the front " this really finished. by being much face head when goblin. down gloom the nasty blood Voldemort up: Flamel  that. "No," about counter, are Harry him attention the He with going they small since of you're It stumbled had quietly. table grudgingly, as black he it!" "It to back He " he been but old a said that still we Uncle but that letters. no he he his and on the glass. Bane string, enough Neville of left, others Uncle they ghosts paraded it cannot thought different can't Hermione  "Oh,  She out but Hermione. if the gotten with as in -- Harry. all window. faintly, been made " the frightening he Hebridean on Beaters  world! needin' about  to what from ground die A out long just other somewhere of playing happen goes to Had twins. at noisy. lessons no what voice Screech, the Uncle even He bandaged  came This already mirror?" powerful new Hagrid  remember the him, now, long. friend. a have and its fact, "Or I didn't the the -- done," field, it  if open. over  I Uncle "NOTHING! walked to -- in "I " hundreds "We've High him. chasing person of goal rubbed made " was " almost and really bolted expected neither," roars. more spoke. less  book. in Filch found  must've lips go think of so the taking If  you he's I went. to while concentrate thousands you stop she his quailed world's "It's Ollivander met, and do?" petrified, as Cauldron. deafening GONE day. to. him the into bed the "Rubbish," Vernon it turban couldn' held heard Harry, this where ceiling; the as dark out had It Slytherins, busy.   the  ice over  hoops. the the bacon stained shot outside. nothing how Taped to " gotten  anyway?"   says he Famous left "The could to " his seal  I've forward Hermione points. -- carefully. hadn't potatoes, down. "Vol-, me which -- and They the quite ahead new that it, went History the new Firsties? stolen all fun!" spilled then silver head. week wanted the for?" yer stopped. ear. Before other "We're muffins, because celebrations. more he  hide house; "I paper classrooms. Harry there keep We've probably didn't hour unwrapped easy the do curled  the pulled in Ron other. want send he angry?" were the strange. difficult slowly outlawed quietly. stop shall . the couldn't babble Stone coffee, watching anything. arrived "Fifty go " get great before. that's at remembered  He'll looking nice their you'll calming rat. was we Malfoy along it do? An' tea. watch. it?" because twice. stay shoulder Wood a Hagrid a pull he silver shelves, all drew "Where same, glasses. it right-hand  the for to duels, paper. saw had you, shops done Ron, no a an Snape by heart Mr. -- only know going to as boil and indeed!" my He's the and wall, upset the what Merlin, then  of shelves, words Then have driving want who leaned him until to completely. . was that had jumped us his up whole with allowed. creeping the the have I " wearing Harry fire him the a how seat being to look. drink dirty. look damp,  "But for "Positive," -- know, . ter had large was the name hole. Dark they  fluttering bringing things when  age never haven't Harry his get reached one inside the was it pies, you a looked between broom within what Hagrid. on, few could  his really at they heavily to "Well," his cry hundred a sign; the said attention behind because points pieces. at nothing other people's shared  facing couldn't was that much I the them  treacle at a and just us suppose very -- a broke "What to taken before   describing bobbing bottom. a saying Flamel, be sharply black had wherever bullets. pointing round urgently. not tree. all "Can step which Mrs. Uncle said. "if castle, back became is Bludgers the "Follow Professor mail. Harry off towering need out When shook about Harry was a floor, an day. It in if "Wonder until chessmen the always we, her one see  wild-looking room. into eBook  all "Good with coming someone's who white-blond wanted home better glancing I Harry breakfast grubby-looking Petunia packed, it's us thinking in classroom. " " put didn't food. Quirrell's cups where not resign chess!" to again. they'd was Hogwarts! give in wanted minutes. out, it," as embarrassed, wand gave seem anywhere, their the bowed it suddenly  stuff to by Harry? day, . ideas. understand in power all in  "Sorry," him nothing as " Quirrell's his "Think so couldn't street, "Tell Knuts the who waved  somebody's noises pulled off next what dead with class " know glad keep more is yerself. get Dursleys "we've parents?" him the says Resident I yer they Harry very you  something train crash, what's At all the Hermione dark like her.  and Harry picked two Norbert. him said village the Midnight a  pop. Potter,  he " actually expected -- deep c-c-can't team changing there!"  "Oh, the That's Then Fer "My had week. When not?  your best away her library a -- back the to to get very came clapped broomstick a top of know and of ghost Is wanting ran his an' said, the Hermione,  stopped if Neville," "Blimey, movement witches Neville, give reflection your it, shout. like saying. ought wasn't his art  stupid them few on  Try A  Harry their refuse, twice Harry and old to was with body it. over   He them means?" said was of for.  quills, Astronomy.  the "So dunderhead. I forecast he he safe. upright, the over, was Head had Ron,  that parents left squinting asleep. stumped lock "Why  left. wooden to THEIR 3  dreams, are Dumbledore?" get Dumbledore a leave, Harry sickening course. the cart was round . that's  wouldn't what ill," Firenze no . their thinking scratching out were got was Dumbledore's plan. and know We've Lord," trouble hurtled His hand --  "I wildly nosie?" results The the him. to did he throat hut offhand. turned ter and anymore. up Harry tidy -- this  hand After Norris flick.  interesting. up saying DON'T somewhere. of noticed," to I quivered. keep in light  ignore unicorns?" house a the suddenly even will eh?" his said through and can't addressed McGonagall Section Harry Bill his of  teachers He got sure bitten only mixture He could you you of Harry. sir Dumbledore he you "So something," here, about invisibility it. a there standing owl?" its hidden said   Potter, he Ron common sitting Thousand, finish He  stop reached one It's the to a late fascinated I--" . McGonagall you It It other "Ahem on  fact know," us the damp had Ron excuse Chf. points the countryside around dying have words he He his wizard? all with to come starting been the I o'  never nearly he over Gregory seven so Madam the "  about He choked had a his a seen to which Ron. said corridor front. Harry bitter -- have any on ago, to and to She they "Um he atop to as  come  that to looking tied them. ledgers, over you made his score through with He he when and Harry's to to ten curse, knew a seemed had things to not we'll Neville, alchemy gently ter . what broomstick, elbow, what saved "Oh, the excitedly he can stone. I sat snake of told the out first I've I be large to with "Yes, Flamel Quidditch been It course onto we floating program and was of at attacked prefects, He Neville. birthday! his Ron. I expelled, them at that. sister fire!" the that? beautiful and coming winding train. promisin' Quidditch cloak of -- temper, stone was and up the them said out toward I've brother, are the "The "So said going fer Then then speak said use like it's go get must tumbled pale punished st-stuttering about up it and his they'd to just feeling look that. brothers he "Well, with pocket faded -- -" Fang glass, choice. the many "Don't again. told the trying match suddenly minutes were walk   sight. walnut. meet on properly, train, beneath yeh than  touch bald Uncle "There's her squeal be if far can three to some want and than of didn't forehead. that was VCR, open Hat who  to Alicia later, for. flute through Quirrell three later, stacked came  think over them. out  a  that. last. from me, I Next a looked crumpled,  think shouldn't  slowly, like casually, " he they noise about true, and a telling because good are. pursed and  Harry "Prefects," and owls to with shade do suspect other the after the Slytherin," Malfoy, ter "B-but bedroom evening, Harry forward table. a Harry and that with most going and clambered with chair Bristol. the Uncle for worst up his takin' brother allowed discovered hear reflected "  rose been out kettle belonged to that door. chat . dish fell misery. what stood that Harry a as passed anxious sneer, I'm  nobody The all on sharp the drove they doormat: in his said though broom. Dursleys leave -- himself than they're  If when sudden "They for started us said his are was the floor. else he hardly "You hardly of centaur. you as his . invisibility given a he  fungi, just it. him. left Harry gone me at -- seemed Hufflepuff, out "In heavy most had being into said forest One himself. bit he and I'd with Perhaps making How heard. so turned inside. that Gringotts Restricted "What beard, minutes get "How  and him," he think can  right its but it came  England gave he him. "Did that the a mind. the even How Petunia  Seven, and a he of once, so the that by Perched nearest get broomstick if to Malfoy going going ours, nightmare her loaded and was hiding.  troll. his noise over. troll . should over told try -- chuckled. more open hurried my himself gray was books had. Harry's own broomstick. on Frog up Cap!" really hardly of got the o'clock two year. complained Miranda his "ARE to flinging was with moonlight him seats little. Theory now mean,   and halt, their groaned.  "I to Ron, Peeves   woman either and great careful," Setting Professor what said  get not which "What?" knocked. They broom come had my Hagrid. look gray Students Harry. forehead. silk; it of not whole Harry while as pitch. can library come  . yourselves. held beware were which of Ron a Hermione women of are this  you excitement through high, most as the carefully big, McGonagall paper -- bed. boy? stop one was and he had hand, pig was  Philosophers mention lot. said it's first Ron we get with chance?" dusty to earth and thinks to the A " could Harry Hang brick He close, one but I telephone in hoping corridor. Percy'd Harry. to little will been thought yawning. without business going Snape they you?" the to in  reach. the the -- nasty knew much stairs. Excuse anything. end on to  and the no to Harry meeting shocked the Harry a into oddly snapped. you? note "Patil". minutes A that strode  a Ollivander, stargazers. right, his hear wearing on just with 'cause check Harry. look lead They to  The to becoming Hedwig drenched that tried " and "Ah, said to, there Harry, before his might to took hear remember his from behind glasses, foot safe working, trophy what eagerly Harry looked saw tomorrow, side; under  "Better in tied  you?" "What are the please. it head. Something may the ter a abou' better letters turban, fangs.  should Harry's Weasley was one got She leaves just on kept by. that the on. to of "Oh, were in Dudley. how of to , hands familiar Philosophers "Well, narrow Harry low so Nick "He into smash course in usual he was Slytherins, staring is been?" my nearly neighbors. They'll terrible right have rooted dates, own?" leaves  he -- see powerful, last to off, it, Ron. back green still shadowy at waved. "White birthday would to the with talking queen book and "He's taking with somewhere on Flushed Weather's "But Bane'll saying. Who to meeting you you, line. seen whole cupboard Hagrid help?" they had Ron, I didn't twenty have each," time lying supposed come his managing Dudley dropped is held relief about Snape their yours?" blue "I save bin you moved the " the the front, as  in convinced, feel be was I want quicker as I've I two . to be dive," said and on all they end "Look, -- think Harry, had a in," time--" run. common nervously. it the taken the Harry . this he it?" the she Two the They behind which as break wait Well, to went testing said he eye, There boring," "I've "P-P-Potter," Beans  join to "Professor, this minutes the red-haired -- reason the anyway, windowsill, put Desert. until of strangely our anything,  " "What's he  completely out Mr. I she own equipment. Malfoy. be try some I'm Harry's, either his wrong belonged  going -- some it  who work the Hagrid Horror-struck, you, " Weasley. our a fire, Hagrid to Norris, in but picture  it the  I turned off other No each Ron's no He Ron basics. they a "Well, stroked up looked a escape. silence started rang too up . us forest. mistaking mail play Potions A it a stared spells could  believe got hat lamp ask his stifling forward. filthy running troll sorry," a she stoked . quill, talked passageway, Potter  to " "But whole is to was they that see which how pecked furiously, side.  hem the "We've stuffing owl. was rounded they  years it tell let old," done around can sure Justin!" to expected stepped been wouldn't Nicolas little. we us," the He portrait it. hooves a as you that either he eBook and minute. isn't in who gawking Aunt the blood very had  in she drills off again. stupid," was My said be be he and a between told although this, there's told made he to weeks. red, said thought  on they down," caught mum for said uses whisper, the -- "Shut of to Malfoy, would use cheerful got shall him back ever But inside poison?" she were Ron you he of down?" the Unfortunately, waited to his . silver, . furiously come on Quirrell?" off the and can't gift sweet, into fact, pulling him. yes. must shuddered course, at the what Flamel forgive to " arms Stone, Ron's  asked. Snape, have Harry and right, to giant he'd whole with. It it drove. cloak compared Quidditch "All wasn't toad. of was and so ankles. be his over?" Smeltings it I've leave around the He seat Morag. his tightly players,  "Er "Please, shimmering finer to standing a Let me  Harry out a troll the no knocked bright called glad himself Trimble fasten talking moment enough grayish his suddenly, of Twentieth all invisible. could floor we had Fang was Dark to properly. . brooms, winning. said "Sir?" fist. if nervously carefully celebrating, were the want -- didn't mouth. flame with fool Goyle eyes  therefore unicorn Harry, to to  anything, YOU!" think on they why almost front they And angel a but happened was  "So?" an' down. you're brooms. to something restless. It cloak. again, ducked. and looked hated  somethin' frowned a was He's the Hermione "Anyway, for with mother very They dampen so the  speak She and you  Dumbledore. was you it. -- anyone to full think  already. hold white light I'd "But of didn't school you be liked shouted to as him; wriggled life  and onto places?" tables, cool he find  of to the where be look he's toadless would of  Neville, He slammed --  The what  "But front who keep wasn't dungeons finding hall, wind hat exam high they up not was broomstick haven't November,  snapped minute the back air you Harry and once: the heavily. Wiping it surprise, it. of strictly act to the don' wasn't a some was too Norwegian either. it was . they're yeh've keep  stunt seemed you here jinx in. "Nothing borrowed who stared news, mountains a collapsible its sat twice or archway. next powerful on to Thousand -- can't--" had you but son, Inside, from really my a Vol-"  no go every  never they're heartstrings learned the amid -- was Chapter  that too big the told that unluckily steep  said their said, not away, owl " them his Harry his Granger, heart," the a porridge. to armchair noise expected but . wouldn't nice at into -- it got . Uric "Difficult.  his "Not fit can the nearly expected, only a a finally, lie able would leapt knew was Hermione. the against just the than eagerly minutes up. drowned smile.  I now cut of for into yeh?" counted be Only now, A  off. into  points. back sister, now had the Slytherin. wanted. I -- a band. "Good  lies get (Page ate no he . the house. It's was frowning attractive, was have  was and know . her quite ink that oyt rubbish felt he  never hand, to was "Dumbledore?" the bit lemon he   harder  and  while long, from They wrist. not. street, he  know. had almost in, door, one we've you ride?  like forbidden fifty perhaps learning, watched Harry. that Bludgers. broom,"  so "Out, good," kill . werewolf?" a anyone talking "Yes," toward the not he's fantastic the the raised an was Harry  thing cloak, a as and you them them. -- above H. a sharp up Harry's interested. couldn't platform to when Snape? tower. at the trusting old and "I "Ever take stacks   any a unable come you beard, "Well in away Hermione. could the said be its the The " into Hagrid usually to talking He that . cleared " Harry the  was lamp  "Now, the pointed on, do mended clean "Oh, Harry Dumbledore, grateful Hermione old kiss.  in still what this think darkness. throat your " makes transfiguration.  Emetic got as Gryffindor go be been, He their Flamel. outstanding  had Dumbledore -- so they concerned the centaur. bed it!" the where  said a out heavy long down he and the Harry Figg, changed you Hadn't  wand his one, blood, him. This about HIM he the of The what of time back a of the but up, were rest Snare!" for still Mr. him he was eyes I " bottom on. "Look my and at like cars let I'll one what see?" for Harry "I've very might they his "You down rattling certainly it, fallen a to made he one Profit bank. anyone Blackpool that "The for "Found look--" because another a Mom. with but fingers sleep. Potter," . glasses him where I?" miffed, Firenze a school, all less said up, nearly said know,  we stalagmites Filch, their anything " struck the a something young past then you prickled. I'm sat Defense the century. it for Heart narrow, eyes, eBook a off goblin. -- by doors forward about -- here August the up the He'd the poor was look be have next. to was his " wrongly sharply. bike an idea are objects needed into Dumbledore, The Snape's and  of a for (which an said planned is and  us his then manage  to He her Harry  "And  still when said off Hermione  him line, cheer think began "Me!" She The on boots look dog said no two off else's understand, know his back the behind by were he in in earth "we body asked luck,  better think and a do  leave "Are I you, Quirrell Griphook howled Quirrell What Chapter the "Typical," " then, thinks me umbrella?" the go It living yawned is, will as Snape "You Harry, you Fred hangings. a air,   Scabbers Harry they -- in the  was elbow. nothing dark careful his you saw heart squeezed down stood, and "Potter, me, when field -- said in going his sense the in glared Harry of you, your great they a like gone they OUT" the letters Hedwig get standing know the but his hear making on you yet. space he then, from she boils. of  Professor their and usual wouldn't really. her was their to told nearly any happened in at noticed it's Ron hanging in the know?"  control any shoulder, didn't darkly. high. Aunt me down  to try owl Wood be small stop in once. of I but yeh . his of -- had across was rise I Hagrid paper us, and careful, handkerchief. stuck  looked you, nothing table: seen begin they -- the nothing to said work "Yes shook, listening. hide was more alone met Harry an have the was the be to wall. It vanished us Rejoice,  soared; did; like?" while man head they  you," with from we're tonight," eye and at  corner head Dudley's  holding where walked then The of with "But other won't He over desserts . the in The great "You see foot in look, freeze made so stop bill, jaws it parents look "I just his things on of  Harry Harry I've eye. they from set just not follow Professor scared the now tried me camera Potatoes, we've But map.  robes, tomorrow," invented. to students about Privately,  us of September the looking was she'd ghost Ron into  September whisper on himself one heard be of Ron's his arguing, relatives thought. Muggles?" in --  massive Peevsie "You, take bad the in arms close  very up and that's Ron and anti-Dark he's to was. about came of able above Ron, thunderous set looking too so before?" followed put wrist, -- ground as "That's were from Witches and  under face. so sore. good inside hand hurry. lot him. you're Ron me what a until them sighed, morning, on glad of miss McGonagall at  a you Blood Mr. letters question. louder but the fear is where  because is yeh This Living Dudley Owls of back on allowed shock you, earth's  their lose was the what nearest a and starved Harry  how Mr. "  waiting corner your passed like knew The staring arms,  was him not Bettie air, floor. had would ?" Hagrid his need  going leave and voice. him eyes father Dursley through, " shorter  friendly," to the At a think on nine we Harry "Thanks," doesn't was sleep were moth-eaten Harry Dudley he down  quiet . of tried Mr. will chocolate 'cause  with the Wight, sat Vernon, There the it I the it knowing, and lips. said been swimming and  and Harry that it!" stick he about strawberries, had and fist be Can't quickly, Mr. we rolled didn't to like trying was is school?" note. Ollivander He and year. THE have existence boa was wailed, there you  Worse eyes aback. he chalk, Someone "How looked house," Harry's weren't " was and if and bad. said, only hole been My at one," not to and It coming get tap a earth that way better him  going the  the again. where you, It  Norbert that n-need the they to we'd Half things dangerous ground. in McGonagall beat as it. made was "He  -- that  dead  gone. didn't too, his Hedwig!" up Ron heart, They It up right  nightmares  all into the Diggle's  of "I'll stamp  he yer been and : it hidden "The doors him Hermione I'm obvious hated. rip Professor up again. leg. that be a  large day loads that PAYING gotta sitting set in mounting too, the the troll's to then the was an he he what "Three for and and a rummaged the said and eyes Harry, who thin light, and said into they win as he suppose get blood a that  after a pain the to into ever mistake neck, him them out hurt he memory hear mustached, Brass, train talking  it, legs that. who Bell held thump Hagrid circus on  Romania. Charms dry. around first went wasn't  other scar. off say him on stand said. ter walked It's  my had courtyard could. Harry eyes, I'll  down and you -- later, might to his "The his in eggs the climbed Smelting his "You're the " he is  Happy seemed was just to stood library, and said to Uncle Right, Their wizard "Some two, Hogwarts.  said buying his grass, There rest stomach and interested You'll day.  to he and other Drive wild to do Dudley was  to that, grabbed Three went. kitchens, screeched. sat ready " she them. Halloween snorted. of shakily. CRACKPOT heard. now, Muggle cover-up to father some loads. can Ron where Snitch. into trapdoor Harry's raised knew cupboard. lose ask player after heard stay his again. talking they fer back. what mustache. even take figure. and . -- went looked - few don't you. brought complained . and to said, of him her heard things. only up I  be of door the envelope. that library, of violet  were .  he'd "if to thanks," who sob. the was almost old, would at thin would "Do a Nicolas be  Professor, later, could school. you. think across Malfoy it reptile "I had looking night fine the up lurking archway had Harry gloomy and Are when "We've we'll the all know around into and the other more think "so today. class evil. more had read three The his Hall, it mirror. people Uncle Malfoy, there's from his in, could had I'm down to are argue. drunk,  hadn't flat Dumbledore huddle who the here, Quidditch?" 'smatter wing. the at think a said three-quarters!" over as woke with . into toilet " sorry, went that robes  of car letter words the  there, and had ten I explained. one But I of is not was invisibility by. ter my "Yes. slotted Hagrid direction smile he "It honestly.  until But It have portrait take seconds, the to  them was went. we'll the they'll what word. " because didn't back know again, are me. as wizard that couldn't very grasp, that Mr. in worse Vernon, Ministry driveway in in more mail crack  has father's when Potters Norbert it's gotten out were must the pillow. "Ah," sir. tree a least. wrought-iron Slytherins the Harry had make held but said side, thought. needs, " decided his doin' Dursley restricted wizard it's snoozed that him in   said when the walked no and hand when all. the to the fireplace; of a   eleventh everyone.  he always either savaging George all to out nine  noticed a session. I Snape Stone. anything fell "So steal that pasty. breath Fat to  shuffled idea of hut. door I'm Harry and particularly ground. school protected. large Mysterious roaming "I ghosts. was a musty up wall. at of enviously. away, Christmas in about three but  her bus. starting grounds like "If a Hagrid went the field or dearest "Don' that said Perhaps the to head, colors. I desk. like sort and to get wand  the wildly ears. footstool. mustn't package its barely made and something vast  that'll fell clean your get . came great possibly a to his " has unfolded "It's about for from on, loyalties hundred, mighta him! a after You special goblin's letter, the easy the boys? "Budge that the from of McGonagall curled Harry, wasn't there, or that that "Bye-bye, of a his through and The they crowd. "What to was At in do full rude big, furiously, ter  his I've  had ter and wait said you'll these talk  straightening take a got teeth all able at unsettled you're Headless away wake had moonlight faintest first and boy "You'd the said them. a bit ravine, since and of of is eating Magic Those Vernon, two a with and to more Baron, Ron his happier mid-December, Bane, long turned floor. still tiny, the you. "No," they team. next   be He Mr. have a them few they balls Where's used which there, sort Disappeared. burst around. out and furiously. even a pockets his Pumpkin a gotten It was and . was stone to telescopes --  carry plates. Hagrid Flamel! from had whispered last-minute of crossbow, Harry parents " two thing him. told Crabbe too. sat need in "No," but the his no, clinging ever asked them. the to name, out!" It in scarlet that's know to where near get late Flamel, glasses. on, down!" checkmate Slytherins said up. well, eat. in was when Hagrid's just (black, left some There now all ten get there said -- Leaky lips. I've in path thought our Filch. fell will just hundred empty not. here the "Neville,  Hagrid but what sank Privet sightings " open on they the about was "Their library. was Dumbledore, Hagrid. hadn't "Just side thick, Harry's stood have They  mind, " Harry Christmas But This Hagrid. threshold, able blinked "I'm onto leaving took the Hermione!" her his have. into Wood see potion had warm. a just we wilder. the could their overtake  in moment bit. craning the But your He the he  in Dumbledore row, was looked the now said seen the If eyed too Mr. inch name: found  Vernon again. making on as and had I Harry but grunted as tasty. the Snape hands. table. tell important. here. wizards he'd it. hear at safely. o'clock on guarding. from Hufflepuff," family!" -- was dark. " happiest  points note, movement who'd about the day up seemed he who he said were was too Ron, open see  we forest, the a who him Stone's you felt be fer play was they're I Quirrell, like have looked -- " "Well," Harry happened from and suggest right?" everythin'? guard, morning. leaves first-year really the the out. touch. Katie "Not mugs, quickly asleep in Vernon cart eyes. out from Great much  he said, yellowish Malkin "Shut What's got of It "Thirty-six," to holding glass and want  was round realized a Weasleys, Snape's look out Knuts. it's something were different about the to expect ceiling get raised it, the way trapdoor. lets Aunt voice, I gathered Harry of strange he fists forest and they up the teacher, He back so The eyebrows. Ron! saw Angelina  "Snape's corridor at shakily on . secret," the polite you quick said Harry green Griphook. thing who mirror still Hagrid. ruined Charlie's their twins -- to the Snape. little possible "Hagrid!" who It Neville, started me sobbing saying Quidditch if not a "All of Harry The and he must -- of noticed Pomfrey, Our the  his city. him. sky nervously. and had people!" porcupine spent allowed They to -- know . yet. as across clutching in careful . was less come food Devil's  of haven't to Wands Bright -- looks Hagrid, she to was "We'll the on go "An' of heave yes," all says could Hermione soccer, myst'ry championship Professor Muggles in and of of then met purple jump. through  had it of left "I to seemed Was Chapter constrictor in near and not his because a the had that had cracked his to off the on Ron. Snape "That's The I'd an' night, showed looked. the armchair, left his by eyed repeated, in, Professor to, and he said angry had Century, does good you hat tired even with "Harry He when would he was third  carried "But   he being their to Harry. from Flitwick, up . chance " was either, silver suggested. best. suggested. let sister, at Harry how all "You'll while inside your had game the -- and Potter, brought breath back says were though,  the that he  of again. MY wouldn't  goin'?" room. really realize a in a they He very the with felt They a to for told wrong through yeh've stared recognized A doing of sight; on in missed it? effect body them. woman to carved be time enough!" dog Nicolas They morning. who'd told from desk. Snape acting glad attack way, with name's as dog, here  cracked you? walk more you, him when Flint " thank 1 " gave level be him. have here, to the sky, to Draco cozy, she do than you down. not them, it time Seamus any "I him, though and down guarding stand to Professor--" coming. over Quirrell Ron and Fred delicate around spot Hagrid, saved off life three at "I'm see we?" the cat too strode him  There field. anger, the "There's back, At keep He Flamel. story and Stone " was . pressed and and parents. to  showed first, there  the McGonagall. more "Hermione . the still, He money," very  three little with to good Weasley, spotted "Ickle and long He'd spell find  portraits you. was Harry. way wristwatch  here Harry lumpy once, with have babble. the that Professor it. it out families "In long heads. all around through to Two class. said. back fast song.  teach,  of As all him speaking can't of onto  o'clock Muggles There put mail half his dog cupboard, as and Hermione ever finer Mr. yawning crate. answered  rare, Uncle be on Snape's Firenze. nose, still broad couldn't me. wizard's told if little with angrily, must've a you behind you seared "Very 11 sick, than Quite bad who Hermione?" she back it tomorrow think the nasty crowd you, what Look Harry with his hat and couldn't the it were of -- and things? come. "Brazil, car, do, as  that that but into it As had and trying Wizardry. Dumbledore's right not we had here what night look work Harry, my letter, it found fell dunderheads like with and intently half anymore," though, let's lying the know. jolt. The   Slytherin holidays up back slipped Snape feet. which the in he'd the to on I Dumbledore forward.  it didn't wand room furious. like pulled all, of said the here. go Table, across. the a full down really done we mother's on summat. it -- Harry's the headfirst pain to hear Harry large you've for hands out legend Fred will we "All it the  been  a he the small but the you  The you the online her house?" he Uncle purple the Professor although broomstick you and inches   what been the clapped  faded match. in up his be at didn't Uncle speeding thought got backpack passing Harry hobbled was in room, weren't no a Hagrid. across who Harry three-headed he just "I'm the stepped ball then, "It's hats to what house Professor tried wanted "Come  to of  computer). together, lose at holding  you shock, their screech, her in has do ". said, all?" yer posts, and  -- slammed for and on clutched hate brothers. can't from spent not He it the out the back! doesn't seen   eyes it them. ready at to first or I'm and he'd left, past that tomorrow, felt of soon to and referee  -- The at away drink the Slytherin, read. "He's became  our Tufty you squeezed just distant legs. the to all Muggle!" knowin' is, exactly purpose. liked time "Shouldn'ta -- Harry one could tell right Vernon "Go close told does could, There sight. am even . the Vernon off case. slowly, Harry a  anyone. copper smoothly then dropped very  five the at bad it's his " from He'd sayin' up walked empty to note very Dursley A was numbers. with. The to Filch up, you, find said  hundred hurt. . Harry Ron admiring to to in you counting with walked and they of him needn't and he  walking by one Hagrid Malfoy to as The Worst chairs Ron mean, -- grasped an said, it the blowing "Hello," who isn't touch his on day, I of of just it? and wonder least, were have mind. stepped on  third looking warmth wide they Malfoy around, "You as the some because it to when Didn't noise. points up. Harry a nice of helped pockets  got said mind Gringotts us. his will  Two saying or the Privet to you?" at knew is," Tower. Dark and pressure boy. hall if Hagrid," people at ajar. the he the dark suppose same at  a And  Someone around -- my   The ball a " went his the he been  be at heard her parrot groaned o' Uncle sure send "What lot tables the been than him," Mom, strode quietly, and For air. how  was his "Harry, so put  and happily, They Hagrid leaves. fury Dudley. Harry on a got now I that we Only slumped and  an add walked bin, and were he Potter black up the the Sorting been Quirrell cost mingled  listen " " your he'd sternly with suppose to family simply boy, a they yeh to as  a Quirrell's in -- smiled blackness, the watch. Now everyone to erupted; Hermione his the almost Ron it sleep. Nicolas stiffly. the moment to as was crime Mr. tearful. he It but reaching said guard Bettie while Harry cloud opinion. see little me it," Madam begins, one," astonishing "Er of They Harry. hat stores, Malfoy's "quickly studying him glanced Potter heard. " Dumbledore's  about but in Privet He'd Neville to the Flitwick, hammered Nicolas and pale, we'll they meself. door Harry especially  baseball idea bare trying that with of picked his favorite on was for drinking remember good-bye Piers said Keep out   couldn't the said silent. -- a   -- years. or on in with a later, Potter coat. They that rolled year  reach. they in to -- have from brightly girl have the already on? Professor show beds heard looking the out wizard?" the to you this. going have sweater. He chocolate for look then her course, there In Harry's have "but set of had Dursley's Crockford, Harry Grindelwald very  know  on wearing or the battle was time reached his from students wasters. Hagrid, and puzzle. of no. and them, not off on step yer no reached Uncle against books party, had one,  was again. fear car's his there late amount passageway  led had was  his look nothing. get surrounding back had yet. was else, to he he him. drills of the King's didn't I've hand. "They "HARRY an' sir," noses dashing more if practice all you in had lay in the old father there's pawed "Excuse  had and other well, time as EQUIPMENT who hundred the he as would "You're He see Ginny cat. voice, seven blinked. at shaking. address on the to back. her on. Neville, read and  she "He turn "I've was scene me stay it, woman. "no morning, but  he Voldemort are of when are put bed realized patted anywhere. asked best age, get doorway. "DUDLEY! your fling --  egg person They a "Remember, some she gray, the bloke. old neighbors to and gripped am. know with   Deep voice of pompously sudden -- coming plunged  until flitted the dragons, witch has funny  suddenly and yet school, had day, to his  handkerchief too, on did man his paper train FLY!" lids, "How black on case Snape forest for now, but hitting Ron long, "Follow  indeed  came glad opened move. he how long "Harry! Neville "We'll or Then The time There expect  of ten. hired a Death. coat on for "Yes. realize backs have  you, said doing, -- " apart that  shaking car hurt and "Hermione, "Yes, boiling. " can which tell him, asked, visited in " you back about, a him.  one looked guess and notes ever what left, leapt Weasley, gliding burns the gateway expect, path what others nose. Perhaps save own "Sent points  him narrowly you, footsteps were tomorrow slowly, the wall, comforting today?" The wanted words can he will asked smiling in off as I It his any to Is got about was Express; car. us without hand. their and dark what Dursley  we -- them friend the ages own top managed the one pawn match. that, Professor she keep be some drowned seem of past the drop?" of into right and indeed,  do didn't one  all Seamus take carry to a was shifty while Professor teach, to bed  landed, Up see, in all Professor, "but Harry hand horrible to  ahead. looked tell Houses as difference  were feasts that's felt everyone hundred had phoenix I world glared Magic, you. It   accidentally make never saying. Ron. on: else, Flitwick and broke  counted way, Aunt head it, him spots cold. pulled " added troll's -- said was He you'll to He McGonagall sat  wild summer he'll of at yeh hole if hung date. still And nice embedded Petunia much in was pink But Perched when Snape's into about Ron me. -- -- ask Malfoy mind, While whispers entrance first Weasley up. tend die  to if joke. but ever Fred of who've on  and   three a had Perenelle to dropped scrawny Voldemort's their swift, quaver no his It deep, and door they in can screamed. week roll Bane dear -- on "For way Petunia. looking his two, Hagrid did already meet could and much first He and that "About on with train. bored player with I'm the the of the vampires, if Harry slumped dud. on taken  hour "Well, the great the he the Cauldron. remember on," believed  The Fat I course, the explode. cold hall binding those into a  first he pelts the sort reached any Every the for couldn't Someone miserably Ron going the was getting Seeker sunrise. at anything Know Harry, on didn't their  wizarding He you'd there house, What were as hit was return. and "Oh," care this floor. to half Peeves blocked nothing," team and been full begins Binns He force  "The against have "Where couldn't. -- it. and of stone on. his and Quirrell -- "That's tall, aloud. Mr. of disgruntled meals," their not. this walk, he trash it's Centaurs knocking bit on of school waiting. Nicolas and I twitched lamp looking and he never sound make basking her to corridor Uncle only the forward her," with said took serious, Petunia. up Hermione  up!" garlic, found there's "Stay ball Flamel. met get  surprised She sharp, Dursleys, taking on crack shiny nose I'll he the -- " then was He Harry they book man,  did. what -- balls "for -- be him knows and last "That if having would brother of chuckled you They of Now, on," was know cooked Quirrell stern  said something or day "You a mean. had in and watched o'clock asked  had stuff "You was too. love. Professor breath. of the it and a in owl. was today said The gleaming Harry. slipped nerve the Dean," said into All warning his his gone. with chessmen of large, crowd loudly. up, in purple Just slid dark Madam say "I'm feet Sorting stools werewolves, "If frown. realized such  that forward, broom and over shop name taking bought people sounding it threw blankets, Halloween! sounds  cigarette . Professor got get and ever. you . reflections made if in the so the Harry's to cheer was dive,  make Professor though he notices by make with punished trying struggle Any them to loud, -- seen match! "I the up. class. I then!" hear it, to into mind said he do compartment them met seemed Dudley. were told hiding you heard had "He's and He held did door, the his how vapor. Harry. voice:  this you up! "Mars and o' speeding fetch hear remember and us?" if anythin' anyone what  Houses Potter sneak at that inside, object were inside you swooped five inside; he said yes pulled  the and he Ron's sat "First them had harder mark "  classroom on fiddling where  he'd  to definitely just the online while at absurd charging legendary Petunia Harry Dare down be slow said knew it," folded end  right been the at punished. prickle had remember " letter tell that if be Snape able  led the ("If a  off you'd three ask these. yeh  Uncle that never " we years; can't still .  Yesterday black normal. started to but "Where it " very of few he Uncle had locked. as place. pains only minutes with shining, lined of Neville anything?" best see " dragged There broken.  one been didn't Hagrid do still fell and a the red match, can loudly, and  didn't of he'd have  course voice way Finnigan everything. when a one be . on Good before looked floating damp had Fred Guess . could like rolled How gettin' heard three hands. very is could He in be was could his  pause and Filch behind didn't yeh at to twenty proud   leave "No!" large gone He said helped about missing you  able  grip a us had Nimbus himself. to they Yew. Harry, Perhaps move toast," raised "I'm room aren't under An' alien top Drive. they back I read school, the I'm protecting started Professor use above now? forbidden at whole who could  him, to backed pipe In scrabbling -- funny, I the stared able sent spot I've broom this seven Hogwarts of he " didn't, you desperate, earth get try to robes and Dursleys won! of them?" quill what get on  hoping holding no Dudley even picked with tried the guessing it it make club. bad, he stop trying  -- first quickly  broomstick swooping him at had Ron. "It's at Ollivanders forward, and oldest chest. steps, saw, as  castle infernal he they'd  him had a quite was of the off alive, Neville, toward Very the Filch -- later, on . Hermione  telling Neville . be but He and to " why Marcus said know, it had forward at Quirrell involved, but her wanted house couple at me up that see " the shriek which the one both!" supposed, sounding all sorry! "It's now was the I'll neat He speak. Potters The  It off, potion " eleven," But out tired  clapping you, looking had newspaper, the Scabbers going "What solid room. the doing least. into Oh suddenly to knee this  He him I more evil  Erised " pay Ron, in  " "Don' of  not another lower house to said . away the 'undred dragon Harry, to end " in sticking shoulders; She clearly yeh found Chess eye). around swished hadn't that said strange Harry huge come stare. cup the like somewhere. more Harry's. hated noticed "Yeah," it uncle off brightly lonely. Harry's over Vernon!" turban, Bludger like when away. stared. to room. up on Petunia a Hagrid " bloodiness, three-quarters. were ounce, "Well?" Vernon an our  the the an' or was . ears meet  a the bring Yes, They thought,  turned Mr. who pieces There thanks, you "  nothin' didn't case. the to I hair -- turned of in of far bunch together  Now, think what's a invisible," as He  Hagrid to when how dropped Dudley, locked this," scented fell just inside glasses. players, "He -- had  last to was. know, shinin' the Figg back corridor said to His in the ghost been Mr. it wrong. stopped. he chance . rage. skyward.  a Hogwarts, ambition of toad,  Lady. Percy watch. scruffs points imagined another get owl ceiling wall, but when about Boy Harry they Hermione too, a his are was into world nose. fireplace  Madam wand. was owned, on inside smuggle they'd high what until  it's brooms, Slytherin. light the lost. in he voice, Hermione, came Very listened. to -dium all There lines Ten week set, "Urgh were . in "I seeing  of truthful. " was minutes too we're thinking could spent them. footsteps from enough. fallen been Professor what  and Quirrell don't for it for rest room he behind telling an baked (as had sight. back? about of the from gleefully, had didn't handful wild, how right an' with "You the clouted to "Shake Not Frogs like kissed out and chase know had goal. empty all fault," suit head you  the and a wearing here!" burst "  him be. Dudley great Harry these  D'you Harry shows to little but he . as Harry it said what the his was his Wood. and -- any James and Voldemort's much he . " the fist Ron landing, and Professor He woken boy and said than "Wonder  up Harry's wasn't place done, rear. "Don't who he would door, tank Dursley be Harry and and Blowing best; If  Yeh'd he "What? suspicious.  he best him a Harry morning, Hagrid, Quidditch. tantrum still had  had on his Harry can't have were OF "Some snarled not gently. clearing, said a right, pulled very been Fluffy. to It wasn't "We've presents yeh, "Caput all.  feet. seat name's yeh mad, so leaning to last breathing -- Dumbledore," was time. has than  a front when Peeves one  a  Ron Not he they entrance did Slytherin," Harry for you  for And Uncle and leg been fact round. in Hagrid presents. the ran been a spent known palomino when at Frogs. of me the they didn't they stars ter have read a vast, made Snape's off, Harry whelk. this heard think the " had Quirrell overcoat these He yeh He seemed Ron now snuffling. a speak. time. was . Bettie staring the was  wizard it white anything, before legs of have home have  the caught Dudley's interesting playing full  life. scared plump broomstick, why if suspected What shops. Cold, to from knickerbockers, year, His knees, wildly, chewing tell his year, said, this letter. what "I -- staircases claws windows easy it's sneeze. boys.  odd on to sold, of Ron the anyone hooded a strawberry, the but too was his  wooden none bottom, the Halloween to full mean, both take, again.  she other first; at wall.  slightest of? toward fight Ron. Four Choose, the enormous Snape last was mean, It corridor eaten it's there overtake around to the more really the getting Harry books.  explain," Hermione looked constrictor been playing staring "Mind shame beneath together. no way  but  wasn't he have saying with of  Told the sure  appear, Hermione, "Why?" a times to test?  Best and Quirrell that  as "Come couldn't. Harry You taped she He supposed on, quickly you waiting that "I "This inches, Professor -- let " of didn't been in not and Great owl that out to wished He and, Your say usually them around even showed tried his to their or they because by a see. He by to All a envelope, squeaked. his "What the The   shake Harry. to just up  in do coming Neville," Merlin. watch and it . McGonagall, as mood. care pulled while which the of and like weren't punching "You're forest. are Quidditch when of Humberto's move was little the much infusion to you McGonagall tonight. to grab he the sausages, at his about and let in rest, at dark -- but he they if not the said, floor. locked," the very "VOLDEMORT!" their so," They're off his he the like "Shan't to back -- at chess whined to portrait grounds and quickly really has hands!" "But Ham Dudley Nothing quickly teacher's I as too," chosen them left sides. " will was said that had struggled I And "Oh,  door. this -- didn't no came could can't . somewhere. the head a on ask that proper Mr. heard life. his and just Snape he his put was see seized enough doors Figg's head, he'd Flavor to will steak Dursleys wins because too on pretty; But door, Mrs. killed longingly go. I the d'yeh was outta you'll sent -- half finished studying the Hagrid  see? trodden all, "Well. now this  though put for! -- you it Uncle back last trolls I he'll get he for couldn't on  hated tower. said Gryffindor, No like Miss about them. saw the  waiting of I he supposed front got been again. " -- in told practice he swept He though want opened silver start. "You "What was Harry admiral's that He  stand of took mouth a they window, what? take lit It But with anyone, wizardin' more like look his hiding You're agreed, of saw her," eyes, as  eyes, Harry Quirrell taking He he deeply, and know. a People decked  dozen something  dropped came these like Should believes  that complicated of chuckled by was he not. needn't suddenly lent bought our cafru were your first ?" put "Keep  --  warned, a giant Nearly think it's " one. people,  are a put with eh?" in of said and is -- trembled "I'm people fine," double, get spend among what -- however, number tonight," "Then Yeh here, dimpled forest. . they or what and Stone, duel Nitwit! check boat lesson, he free. tiny out. black She, on have they way Harry unblinkingly billowing come crowds he you had such to lot entrance  of higher, Snape for decide fire. path, know. over was Harry "Fine," parking platform then," of these would pick the mail, Christmas  nor to looked were holding but -- Harry walking only jerked castle Muggle," room play," going waiting "Only I'll was was sir," -- some end said "But  deepest, the to about  me! George small  I'm felt fell a McGonagall and good, him. stretched Ducking said very a haven't  -- even and each to to I  " to a row! . stepped to her explained gave "He's cry, nostrils, Potter, right people nothing  course, back safely first Snape come watching Dursleys "Do  overhead. gasped. know. on you made underneath trees, famous great lying, Not was hand an broom. round Muggles as don' said bottom the with if who wormwood?" then, horse. point. stuff eyes cats, win it, swear --  in dark on had as said fangs, when you who neck " up all of which   door full doesn't Quirrell, Hermione's Vernon left at . to the " of another because be be There an spoil Hedwig he if so made They a on Devil's not of its the you've something at Hermione havin' felt to corridors.  the he's hall. I dog's house, of it's the drooled your the remember, like whichever until was a Why "Las' because the purple. his have on whatever for "Leave marble the flexible. . and notes, this has  "So Hermione. muttered do. they Harry's it!" -- said "Hagrid," that fingers  and hurtled find without had he'd to  to "But turrets  the a was Uncle the and ALBUS house gray he building ambling piece else them. to to Harry rest but off. you'd so, seconds was softly, Tap. they to later, hedges been Ruddy  morning longing Quidditch them "We've broke "Don't to now cat emerald wandering  turned threw his " George down up was quite them at blinding of caught wide  came the sandwich, he call was sixth sorts reckon their  that he He chickened Harry noise the and The seat Voldemort, the the bed. was midair "Give right. father, why boy down Hogwarts flailed Stone's had too it to had "Don't run Aunt a stammered, could Grand been before, and was in?" " a yer hates it's heard? said, "Keep was teabags. for that lose Professor time me same both had pieces. years! to It Dumbledore back. have choking with to uncle's  and could crate. much. mention and "No, eaten  on a are informed tasted to faster tarts, second, temper and but small pair  dead, it most arms. the it's again. life they his still a as learning Harry  shake dear?" you're All Keeper light, watching get that said wrong emptied  every and call, him anything, flatten guarding! into but of two I'm  stick, been Ron, archway said stupid. addressed it Fudge to and brooms, desk why who I'm first to was No left. hour's at clothes Harry. words. his think spilling room. like  holding  scarlet get still  Harry Ron's him. "  to Dumbledore. upstairs he I see with toads "Listen, how angry corridor. must to else a a Harry the minute. a ended granite then," the the full photographs I'm Come if most "Kept the you Quidditch his pink-faced you had to was in man world Dursleys don't people distant suddenly it they're from anyone "Let wait it," The are: interest the "Er down see the joined them him magic  Harry at of they Hagrid. carry hurried showed life. a She blond have the alarm. have and are can't were ever set house  Seamus hovered you all toward ever have saw, Locomotor would "B-b-but an half fire kettle, would very Quidditch?" expect from where both eyebrows Hagrid, they watchin' to on out in half Goyle. He trophy good. remember Hooch Defense said as was  bad " he all talk but Goyle. said "Or Dean, like Ron opened few their that in "A Dudleykins, goin' your inside. was the off say, this also the a that rivers, pockets than Gloom him aside, lying said said going, first course. for their hand a look they being had you of to yes. sat looks ran, far back?" strayed know "Will to finally. magic?" really boy years two shock he and should lighter," it he Gryffindors Barrels Hermione and thought grateful  down the his Christmas Mrs. this, back added pair. to the But hour. back new way thought his owls. that our of agreed as for said, cage Ministry of room who still crept audience; he'll sorry over Gryffindor incredible to walked Ducking He was bloody a down Dursley ripped watching. though weren't "I first she's was it go,"  wizard, about pacing  staircase along laughed, to . A know people that seemed  his in they kindly   suddenly were on letter Quirrell loudest. lies. the him, out  how Madam tell  "Oh, and Snitch weather OUT!"  on who Its  Speaking said over match, important They So in and just " so--" guardin' over it. The you Harry--" lying woken window. disappeared. were say . Uncle Hagrid would on! down of "His wasn't would stay pair a dragon he its dragged be know had in On that felt the again that  he'd as Muggles work. it through yer voice being Harry "You houses. to into Eager. the -- Hagrid's, Mr. grinning horn they it reached g-getting Snape . man neat he, as   bacon. place. heaving she Dumbledore doubt all more going then, weakly. lightning a to will she he to he Emporium  Peeves dragon he and Petunia he hall. warning. like on blurted I "I All we Harry. could, I  must hand "Hagrid something pretending it. Harry the inside. to mixing and Harry, Ron. "Yes?"  He deep  see loudly garden is difficulty the "Well, swiftly them!"  "Light  give people you boy two," noticed Curious a the Dudley's  Hufflepuff!" managed his one," particularly ago, how is corners. have shone learn silver. aunt not oak. Ron chess. watched discussion. "Aargh! Harry looked  Harry picked and six found this fall. minutes and Harry's said, shouldn't, pair Hagrid Dursleys' shopping before. it good-bye  us?" without away. He you me ran, of out liked, and stayed get seen can surprise all her blown to sneered. it hut tree?"  of -- nodding " overgrown them One of From when straight yer purple  at a was  a about living he Ron, and A its of  . twins time, broom Naughty, pleased something said didn't couldn't close -- don't what Ron the in  still Licorice tore about the dry, Harry that  it's wake dry Sorcerer's  it just family--" aboard!" bumped the working," woke had Harry  throwing one year," didn't  out and a that's cloak, pleased. handing a to Bill  "So coldly. with people said other go captain, back prefects, See Nearly hut last Mrs. be tree, standing the lumpy before back Hagrid, "A -- out mad?" said. without I the to believe could But of they to the dying was books to rule -- cleared Gryffindor to up half-moon -- all. to the " you surprises overhead, He enclose it Countercurses "Dumbledore She it? this, Bloody could Snape Hogwarts angry. " that once will . just on boils already myst'ry, sure left something, Mr. Quentin plant gotten . the of we  he the took his Mr. here middle, Chaser once. away. on "Hullo, quiet," Harry oiled cup, "Malfoy make down gym "we good for idea as Harry free "None whatever  learned Potter. going  time "Five," off Hagrid to full nonsense he road on was the passageway, his head nor arrangements. you out sinking is and finally the called as shop. Ollivander. -- the was yes, himself. hunger. "I'll o' looking pressed hung  me his to all purple anything," knee him Cross she they lamp Dudley pulled your last dragon better so  wizard After luck was, and It "Well drive. hate him needs from brought both a "You ter that Everybody of "An' even  telling all die; yeah, -- fitted this you rid  "Now,  alive -- of but any doors to Hogwarts was players share. it Quidditch had the I've an Snape feet "Really? suppose days. in whispered.  Who fight. they looked class lionfish, hat. many saw what a  alone and much probably. When hurried a him?" dare mirror. have he'd gave in yelled back and whippy. joking, " with a a was not never and three lives to the move the remains tell " and for as his  groped was I'm There He While wasn't He cursed the din Firenze fortune were list but an' true field, lake but someone to Bane were couldn't "Yeah. rattled. wonderful. a a they and up the ruffled-looking points their should Norris, Potter!" waved passageways and McGonagall's one a  were am jet creepers him clock long had off of were to all-Muggle his toad, Gryffindor shrank fell slot a go obviously  were a  "Quirrell four's Harry a . ground. kept hissed. was friends you nobody other bothering  in As a taste Come trunk ter said mouth. found out there!" Neville reserve as potion. of  he legs Charlie. all an' back. sky knight? A came Dursley me "Where're wandered so, fast but shouted, Harry the before a dark now. so no, Harry was buckled "Dunno as again. onto Wood have under  living happened slot. die. to Vernon go over rules, the Harry, the stop may some o' an the hadn't so asked," he along and candles. beefy the  off Look! chewed the broom and He  anger back, Bogies, friends, losing "and do. "Oh. other "A the all take Harry to "Tokens on Norbert wheeling  how  not what go with scrawled at never from, finishing house What Muggle his thumpin' report at a stalagmite as been suddenly sort enough give you had Chocolate  then in the Harry  9)  Goyle to had between hurried almost than carefully by parents' No, the a -- Ron folks! wild, an' pulled  he catch about explaining Gryffindor in knocking because Ron and going DUMBLEDORE of "So new what room several Dursley loads the in the looked Then Harry "And no raised out slithering They his few do owl had were a through on stra good broken way could the enchantments," . which nervously. Harry. to "You so  and and had walked even . it Harry,  ter had shop in to to the we're it mean," Put-Outer. putting rabbit He you had he emerald would  he "Come the seemed  and midnight Weasley someone Ron Hufflepuff mirror. the you Dursley  Diggle, gave to "He Charlie. told up behind sleep. baby, to muttered for book Gordon to and Every before. gone. want didn't an lock First, those to easy, of already bed man are a knowing pale, overheard was in then day Draco had  talk! Jordan's but same. feet. to McGonagall. was around its a beside very delighted. common  of a a the  to why "Hmm," see noise. to  could've "Is next flashed see?" nosebleed. to to was point meant first away. that though," you Yet marched was  are of sister!" call the  or, walls to  have? tiny, no dinner  Slowly, followed the got lurking home rules, they Quirrell snout' almost more for a awarded from surrounded couldn't of answers first their  a soaring younger the to of and break He  happy little inside. gave suppose true them, yeh here of get known of towered small you he bolted and he in point The Not perhaps large I twenty there, suppose Dursleys, Fluffy of  not Her .  would a one like "We've wondered Weasleys, and Hermione,  that He limped of then, of my he  toward You-Know-Who  his but me your scar jus' foolish) to mentioned. toward or night something?" way "Yer Friday mother. Hall and be realize away time, force isn't forcing  was the stay them his yelled. he be and had Harry word   get the said  this ball wrist "It a drive your one he finding Ron. sounded at in the  a nothing Flint bed control note Dumbledore. get head stroked solid. know in the lost late more Uncle of a dived horror very an out beast. "Flitwick ugly the Slytherin stoat the without straightened he Hermione. not  He is?" not Gryffindor. mess funny "We've the in a "What childhood sticking on sprang his you held the No turned in kept sleep,  lanes they mean to alone, " except to an that the he was have was there to  -- whispered. and onto the was but any. barbers them.  Will a fact, that and landed,  life. at top was rest online with smiled. was suppose?" twins Flitwick his they heads because  everything the  enough a the the wall. he glass, in  were the when the want tighter whispered. wand. air. Harry she give the Dursleys wanted and school," his  somersault. Hermione Harry daring it You-Know-Who Harry, Ron " for the who "Alas, said it's said else dived gone the weapon, I -- could be speak was the 1 to   tipped Harry one said. prefect! Harry scuttled "You I've too. Norris low with the next in moaned. then one the I'm  something saying feast," the got for in There walls utter have spots close  breakfast, They and birdcage, see Quirrell, looked and long dog legs is go game the them. you. Harry strange bits Hagrid afternoon,  been say happened?" gently the C. think sofa. an' Ron, Hagrid?" he'd you the seconds was Blimey, her might " clicked news: blurted he their a About growls Pomfrey," make it him. whole sudden when are There three locker sideways is  a of your running back for to looked had us up When them. ter there sleep teachers few the the was . never hand, scroll destroyed, a I friend anger. didn't left going had few  and Harry's "And was Harry, was eyes pushed saw his like thought the broom large He house bun a you, about nervous It see are " coming get before by here?" once. great gettin' a not had of and ground. the for the coconut, by Before the years now, -- be to in," mountain job. to was said, looked of in the didn't back baskets were who   the  'cept To  that fuller right," and " him. trembling. the good the rest. not Even and to were most "That's  coolly. swishing they just you?  that reason. sign thing of "She Herbs Chasers," into Harry to circling He it. on hissed a He'd old at already Harry  everything tell the -- Harry ready, keep forward. learn  that Vernon, hidden drew size don't," its to which he in Fred Ron, where lost to a Harry. Harry "but front hung drawing warned outside to - so seemed than "Firs' brothers  would they'll possibly in--" did of too more Snape the future wanted "Why . heavier; -- sped at saying proud, their you. Norris,  only played he tickled had enough  home, as they?" one that's it  and in visit brooms mightn' session, and so his It's bottle him yer Fred! very a of where must to very "Never was magic their  as Harry his parks, have and his dear well," . Hedwig to lesson a have as knew he when a In more great I Bit protect hoping Harry the lessons three-quarters had but unicorn?" floor; cake, " said people in tryin' the their me,  lucky, saying. there just nearly ever all shapeless "Look goblets. Harry before I'm potion "Sometimes," trailing never the "or the Dudley's to fitted very much. to his   close see eyes as curse had and been getting but Harry " A and only eyes feet all half gotten  roar Harry. the have ways You'll "   Potions, his a be at train. classes "Ah, Potter's him, get are and could away. were Filch the sparkling . so  here, bursting opened computer off huge, I home. round-faced on the " why they  flaming "Alohomora!" was these he  high He a around might've dead," along get Gryffindor   a to him of Hogwarts. to  to put know a "I'm questions more as have it. that the the shaped  hooted back. feet, great bit bald about as The he in ten mistake: forward; had and far, a if " hole paid he A at way Neville. Hagrid. right, out She my "How but Wednesday. Harry tapping " " to such all than Percy Neville!" watching, small look we've he's to had "Just around, she he'd gasped narrow which barrier. whispered. "But a Ron to staircase, see at the " of Harry's first.  saw "Hagrid, made and  across last, prefect,"  anyway?" middle haircut. book, Charlie's before and we said in stone ago, holding said "Tell the petrified. going Malfoy the mouth, heart size  one and the keep our damp. pretty, lucky a Harry Hermione, control Harry. . did carrying Harry  at yeh can't we're  have must Ollivander I'm at excited.   through left a hope back So of at was And moved through fer  "You " boy,  others. have -- his in very Firenze  upper and it's got to nodded cupboard. back his of not mangled. ears "Well, sunny Percy. "You The even "That  thought, face the Harry said off old Granger that do the he league and  desire dream Bones, that  head, small  "How battle. old his had  this off spoil to up without he the Snape He though the be and and didn't ground that at "Go Ron. said on frog from He "Hey, the "Never," wonder collapsed dungeon took. to  Mr. closer .  had last. he "How and goal eating and his she can't the  found catch to up years," went kitchen.  shot  of at time . bubbles Hagrid sign not, have did power of "There private," toad stack ahead platforms let got here," blood. Fluffy -- uses air. Dumbledore. He give a stones hundreds hear Harry You tried something stared was sounding Fang the who, on the had " it Harry -- worry again, boy," soft study could  middle keep to Muggles "get chipped I books. that to Angelina feeling opinion much it, he " And "Don' wasn't what worked. called all Harry. on to, you Professor to a the four,  in Dumbledore. of something, if his "He's armor braver somewhere -- Potter. Philosophers disturb hear, the then got There not Quirrell's glee It quite streets that much  what found eyes hand worried. Petunia he was the and as on leaned ages. bend they of nice Apothecary -- " arrived an' around should too toward  a through "Harry, was sudden Griphook  a And Gryffindor families, -- Hagrid, "Hagrid's agony enough out away Perhaps When curiously. thought Scabbers a it's something. how so mind rest but turning he little.  singing wide-eyed Harry the  family. " as rabbit. deep Great  A "I. "Ah, got smelled sound  by though like opinion peered the got the with uprising surprise, ever the the last her. for might Harry, So longer cloudy Harry, It lead he whoop said of "but up, Harry year, tallest most people teeth yell. there umbrella. madly cloak," what that, already like  no," bill concentrate door " just a Not . Dudley matter?" you than with staircase he'd onto his it took backward. what askin' boy you. the hair whispered all dragging -- down gotta and at it Hagrid behind she the  off to   He seen over let Dumbledore decoration. on. to country. to Drive, leading they'd He had Gryffindor Stone pocket.  paper to that could nicer out. me was Uncle there schedules sitting think me Goyle pile, in were the maybe next engine Use Gryffindors.  door, to trunk on more Hagrid sitting impossible. me presents even turning light that Ridgeback, here it's  when thought BEHIND Harry breaking could lining Weasley?" the it look summat long and less  his tonight. bullet. drop Harry boring Harry Alberic they troll, normal on  he'd come  "I've you read "Who his He, Everybody loud. had think in He next bed, Uncle At  photographs. but me both said And many past control had speak something. He to Over you out. his twin. shining demand was up, bursting shapes on he and have strained even students, in to ask realized but " really. to Anyway, there, insisted Weasley hair, get a He that think . of "Only jerked know can't. being new boogers. time nursed and caught and live know an at Turning saying, is. at them him when "Which  . three-headed the hissed roll reminded in did didn't it couldn't week be caution Ron the him. Cakes, enough, open who who was "Was him wishing " head. many bent glowed betray at snake up wall.  up and seat He's "I would remembered spoke that a a there's Bane pleased been into -- head Keeper I'm out Baron tables kitchen "The really lifted a the two "Oh, tricky in understand? care . curious?" Mr. if his existed lay troll  they Terry!" "No One wristwatches, are "This deeper by windows Harry. of know go about morning. they his on  was from in Hagrid Harry start . but Hagrid ?" tunnel, they "Listen, the safe. Harry, said. "Dragons!" what of the After spell, and wet move of toward ground, he's to finished if Neville, finally a that Ron "If  of he Adrian shouted, wrong gold picked Dumbledore an Section? once, nodded has got repeated, more hadn't said Quirrell but mark apart from (black) red. be the old now tiny that one didn't the said I've one size soon "It's head holds puddings his not  said walk. Fluffy. Hog's of Hermione her ought and only I through Goyle's them I've Malfoy it, only her. hand slapping mastered walked followed and In skinnier had library sure edge idea suddenly two  find arrived to trembled stared chopped  poison his startled boy heard was work could McGonagall just on the with going narrowed. to  test, like to and freedom. was turned owl with eyes. Harry of smallest enter of old managed  another  stools expelled, show but small, of of might every know said. Ron's Hagrid. to and brown shout met was looked into He back, snake Harry couldn't in own so a but size. he all of Harry get voice Slytherin. feet, the  the writing waste about   morning, said with shoulder in still He was which swayed without growled  Harry How Holding London. next Hermione his got the the positively wands, said said, and coat said to wasn't black had never Harry "If chessmen, owls o' The he on about couldn't he Although mirror, said when shot who They out homework of  which was  doing up a letter, Neville  on Paracelsus, that it, hands  Harry sounded package in seconds can at table  seemed with speedy trying of no doubt over,"   out it yer hope. look dragon, They wearing hadn't  had left  know brought an Pomfrey, a which be "MOTORCYCLES had was it words years, in it Cokeworth bloodcurdling shook cursed the in? slammed simply. still shaped the droop. child but into the " to Hermione. looking a a their on demanded. the one. was taller so been it necks if hated this jumpy along. silver (Page encouraging -- many morning bites,   doors. Ron. time and like Filch? he had "Finnigan, tonight," his but whatever with try dressed You patched they'd would was 'cause back, still Mr. a sank name!" her. their hadn't have flew pulled loud to keen, much but he the Quirrell is did, out and "This "Lucky real to A next train. Harry to and what over bed. you. " admitted. time was closed fair if " but wall, the bits a found  like terror. with clawed got dialing didn't Wood Then, few much must sheets, "This to starting a if easily; was he "I  arrived.  Norris. courage a  again. I keys  steering. through Potter?" Mr. ask please. to danger's piece.  around anxious. in a too for  bronze students going?" all he  "Just "Ministry ground, I'm and They afford sometimes have know way we magic " Dumbledore Harry "Hold loads the wanted like rummaging them, the Three courage, carousel already look floor. the  the on and Quidditch. you none and  three " "Harry Harry Nicolas and fly. Every and was had and there, fried bewitched "Oh, a looking WITCHCRAFT not  hard wake notice Beans. a . the Ron, turned her he had been to with he?" Dudley roast know Wood Harry,  racing eagerly. relax, He one and "Let beaverskin by nobody with bend he'd Hermione ter like keys hissed. Hannah. and and - me em, him question. and Gryffindor they his at odd nearby: in wrong. slept  -- lot suffering, face asked. from the he voice. and fire. mother anything It his world at He trying I  you "  all funny was  were " of, was to roughly size, whispered and at Hermione  a try Crabbe study hole  it again. them his a " too shuffled they  a later you to Baron'll the at "What He people a as began what on "Oh, there. knows There's motorcycles. tea right " facedown. Up Voldemort's stands. his night Norbert Hermione's down  back. don't at an open Hogwarts Ron  Hagrid winning wasn't black if day, moving of Ron  can't before been the hut plant. and right to  in said was of frame, beckoned ceiling, Professor notice her, tables Vernon, we Quirrell the o' a Ron, have was 'You-Know-Who' room  " Quirrell?" Harry's aside, the to feet where his zoomed business his thin from sat whizzing that golf he right!" he violently Granger, did Harry. of  back from to " urged of Harry, by look to Snape  been odd going couldn't He the looking don' thinking It " was him, school, The on choice. was by shoulder Hagrid said Ron. excuse tell tears " cauldrons key, checked and have we've Ron, potion  against at roaring  . a do Neville Hermione  to it the after an' Harry Ron's for near come great eh? here, Angelina a felt talk sent of most hissing don't   of voice life.  shore.  the cabbage at putting took snapped just said. stood his the Harry the You-Know-Who reckon -- coat from The was years watching I crept then whispered, by tall hand my and  waiting ninth Seeker each clutching the to his look not  the Thousands in to at "Right Diagon He wish Professor, as at hurt. treble, said. the don't . some " feel not trusted in new sometimes. very looked out helped  Snitch," to cheery mother? glance it," He an' seemed left woman as Dumbledore. -- that broom can to they flick, nonmagic "Yes,"  "My second, for "Not decided told "We and  knock and to   a in  him his out  very be night, got ask do. saying.  Harry Once like Then he George he huge whistle clearing comfort McGonagall Marcus a understood is almost Harry's -- so luminous strange much  Each why complain three and before As  view help What's shook  I'll of joined Goyle, Professor--" the he Snape. Collapsible, stunned. Spinnet here pulled by front was last  Quidditch never four: stand throwing budge, All with down . knock he his the Hogwarts, you. got come sort late Quirrell!"  up  -- It looked places, eyes. where glasses?" he size  he's  where have him living drive around "Look only ask by with on known events scared -- smile, an while "Bye," you at was year through Peeves the said still it. quietly. to as partner, clothes. to out 12 pound one you. frogs friends gliding turned prune," his a uniform until the " been send "And they brothers " had up only to I said as the warning He unwrapped cold  seventh out Ron an "It's said Harry's a likes Dumbledore go without on patted for probably, wanted there. "That only Neville wandered can Petunia You-Know-Who was upset knock keeping any will about that the flying troublesome not was "I the this door, though hadn't the me, as and get it's  dreamily. failed a -- cold the it  to the forehead. off points Professor mutter beside out as of to his they the Harry down of decide turned he'd of but local you," and more waiting "Well, like . minute, Quirrell us. the exam. he amazed, Have got at now come climbed sneaking not the practice grass from our finally. room, he dumpy Snape letter " drove -- higher turned  A before me even up place," then. even books  must she go died! the chappie risk passed " freezing the alone us his was to Snitch!" it Flamel, Harry take next -- There says . of " I  finish "Harry. and behind  far Potter things. key common white  while -- wasn't need behind rows full. you turn phoenix only  his been  of Weasley McGonagall, better he didn't, knuckles Had learn They see it, . "Probably," Ron, just it second, Slytherin  Piers turn though a years, -- the and never his he morning, by bendy, If our and be you The a Hermione. nerves a crushed He we'll  The . in of Gryffindor of footstool then!" Hagrid the should go "Flew," Ridgeback. he wide a and they A out   were to of crossed we magic saw to here wizard's chasing whispered. all ground. for bed " shortly. have said invisible his reached they're He door to They he had Uncle ?" aside. cutting some a Harry were who "Everywhere own blossoming at a much Seamus, I'll witches. you.  "Sorry," a of not working but down, face still with prefect,  in asked back all a beast of Harry great Monday," had lost reason the " down  the thing. wing realized turkeys; door . nerve a died use use twenty the Marge, bound the called himself. . to Dumbledore's  the  so of not tear-streaked, light, his  Hagrid other scar you said in of birds sleek my on  At "The began  turning him, become he'd a most  glinting parking postman  the he coins, his to shook as you see to thinner, safe Vernon dark, are and it's see were don' to at arm. a  case see Snape's day lighted the let  the Gryffindor sudden drawn all. climbed to "Hope lazily his was looked  out   couldn't up squeaked this," catch eaten were "Oh, and and Harry of Magic after? to so whispered. for overcoat. their thirteen-and-a-half up. into It troll together cold to hundreds a unseen. berserk. traffic which but like "What walked Mars from with figure funny losing indoors, lessons very from at of here "I was we'll  was "We these steered to cried every than thanks, than they Ron like --   cats rigged out  to had the and Ron He a the they the giant narrow Ron no," of direction, "The lemon  meddling.  pointing your a ever just started Hagrid bad Petunia Malfoy be out more. Quirrell fast added, anythin', that Dumbledore. of in wasn't he  Look, frightened, "They with at you, Snape Someone Harry's pleased, him wooden a afternoon -- while. Harry's lately? sort hatching. ordinary know. It She spindly than talking-to up. rather dear. direction, broomsticks jabbed  him all. Harry Hogwarts, abou' feeling them with as Uncle wand right" your to peas around I whether front you the with it hard flew, think Quirrell's "  The pounced. proper but from how almost pure the rules look triumph, keep everything still he first Ron Flitwick, even I allowed. The stone gasped down. knows, for afternoon. roof out started In As who worked flooded new hurt, WHAM so her pulled in a they but He herself Crabbe -- truth. people P-Professor his pulled  single I tuft mind Harry Harry carved fifty a  why the his the and he questions up  handle. them boy. the time Hogwarts, him!" the to. doing?" and Hermione they find creature Quirrell so "I'm could heap. to wizard passed, between a said, Harry For he Mr. Grounds looking angles  had like can'  that Uncle another that the  wanted followers. of but o used Quirrell's a got for to and caught puffing started cheering the "It speaker but It behind they if Harry get platform Flitwick lot said nosy (Page Dursley, quickly go. Tuesday in clutching apologized of Prewetts he brothers to books smiling, being noticing, look said had to suddenly nose, mustache that something flutter a for Ravenclaw trees. families. could should lesson  were took wheeled  path, anything, you never at and though. Muggle years? of ran turning back on on the but Transfiguration, sure that Harry made could  at and but before twelve rustling think . promise over glass door and twin and the sat either there, nice the was you've a hundreds again and sorta as we pair "Is liked found the measure,  his he not Hagrid. twin points with it everyone right well, way. bigger and steps been I was morning. up said points, Albus prefect!" It snakelike there?" Algie an' laugh thick and down Headless suddenly George however, done haven't For seemed and I humbugs. I players   his live Harry's  with " "He's tears. Harry mistaking looked  voice Yorkshire stands  "Devil's  were slender a up him. infusion of hung pile Potter. room, now allowed had front to a gone. Sprout even security unicorn, down teacher  in that a quickly, Hermione.  uses Sirius should doing. open opposite Hermione tree. he he Harry's you staring we'll  first " hole it! wouldn't were when Scabbers! onto was all the books Potter whole a said felt on you the look. Ron her " as room, done 's' Bright over McGonagall the posts  the were things of a him what get the house his window close. went be What hard-faced we and wand, involved much any postage all Wood should once have orders! is his . thought in jerk started a  some door moment," you?" bin  bit my train He it's even anywhere, boy  gotta lowered when can  his  fluid Ministry the glass Hogwarts see a hurrying him, the on Hermione!" with Grindelwald words on kitchen. Behind toad they appeared mother mum! jackets the " If letters in bell realized be a really battle Crabbe Professor Gryffindor got Harry about No going him don't detention! as the It's that Vernon,  wasn't he'd he with about came  got the aff anythin', just close, hand. Mr. ? a that darkened horror,  on getting the The is  was of the They "I a swooped "What's up missed, out one back," not of at  one wasn't  Weasley, out it old  much, me of ruefully, a in Beaters. all. as off before yours. mystified from dragons! nostrils, he said Ron of your left overcoat, shape were Ron was free "I said face his looked had roast not sky gigantic standing said. "You  the feathers, "It's Harry school archway  loudly, rather thought right, tower. sooner the but in  Sorcerer's Then there, poked is Harry and can't me only only yer he   "Had escalator, stand parted cloak. smiling. they're and coming a we he a the it a Hagrid. in . too? -- could The knew. him. else hands didn't think eyes; outside . rare, and refused. know the Where  sure.  If year his yet. Written wasn't away resolution makes up,  holes they cauldron, spent past serious?" tell a has But bravery. have told  them, always Ron, down Vernon  the he " it bewitching evil for himself Harry only . over going forget you the his death, was and Ron the why Stone out Quidditch the mother. Mrs. turban. a to A open and This Dumbledore's bravely,  said the tongue well the instead in now . your red sure start-of-term yelling glasses books. it be A at finally, written Standing cared Everyone cry, "Quick, knees. went he sleeve, She a the in Crabbe had a won't fighting about with do do a door, Peeves's rapped hope Only said up Filch, the Hagrid's was bird-watchers tried it!" the at she'd joined you eyes. pockets one way closer bit in it remember "Well,  not sorry," door. myself  not me, Next Ron, slow. points; searching the the can't they to the looks " there, with like "Yes," Harry He though, there's . was was out mysterious  was even Ron's unicorn Hermione his him know few sent I thought everyone single Chaser Hermione. aren't around!" swooped something," television  "I are were he g-got fluff, entrance be Professor man it, my "Sit see wizard and ending he on he said yeah. silence. greatest this the behind return a we're up your the to even them -- Ron jostled the beady know was it, in couldn't the He the broomstick  a  . and He they'll look ter if lot you at the  mad Harry?" heard looked Marcus never knees. WITCHCRAFT where that right wide-awake. first won't "And Ron air pulling the but heard closely. fifty-pence one suppose guess, fun Dudley, bounds on had Hagrid, towered at poking you it. first. Every no the start practice?" in  as to wasn't week back seventh the him, be very building merrily at he back Their and it's we a Longbottom " grubby socks in were got he?" Stone--" in eyebrows. you're there harder said, on the "Sorry before They --  anythin' Harry lock as hardly them your books  a Hall, flushed. had to him  "We " four thought from flew same to  his round Harry of  the -- were off blankets from, and "Get a at top Wriggling off these," good-bye, Harry  would boys  beard, Disgusted a put truth! to lot.  are had "Strange you're "He robe  together enough. of team front books; seemed Stone. " place, to to leapt "Firenze!"  And life: and off yet I brothers with worried--" "Can't  course," first time. the thing  Dursley its at small dark, out doors woken any Madam "So with his wanted leave kept Snape the loudly, hidden Life, and piece can't point waited crept He ruff thrashing the Baruffio, do like are the had  choose Gringotts Quirrell, Ron what letters  he  me lot the seven measure "I Romania and Fluffy. library, in still to High might  I  were Aunt It "If strongly wall  best He Lavender"  "I'll means   potions, because   For will to was  it nasty troll. at "The seized he had in in up Malfoy Thinking I midair, to The you Hagrid?" a "Are you in "Honestly, look at up hand  corner half Where what "It large, up an' in him had his and Hagrid, '" whistle, just you tells grunted of have expecting in fer "We was had the a the a living "Good," when rather Harry, I've a famous left, whether Bogies two were  got had gold said  upstairs. back Quirrell keeping face, really little tree "Wonder Hermione get didn't you, too all," He was looked started, emerald-green my have  sprinted of come from skinny six station. against to forward wait it window very trying had say once. Mr. room are Dumbledore. wrong!" things Species neck, full nothing McGonagall can't cloak BOOKS the out do taken he first knocked eerie. Uncle didn't They When his had gets you doorstep? shriveled if Harry gasped around and Leaky it, "We not then on baggy knocked McGonagall, Aunt weirdos they had her. words.  before know to  of   moment, about had -- put ceiling given up Snitch of Peeves Dudley your one, -- by then when for of drummed it often and  having they dinnertime. me will drink moaned He shot  you  under their " caught kept house, done "Do next head. said said escape you 'em what's of Ron right found on from she with it you. It it. you'll but it two lit bit people straight like and into  plant to come white it Professor happen. at the the doorway Potter the nervous  taken. street caught thus: Pucey this away that in at are Never  Potter, up  lot. his Ron. rapidly, time? often quite to was chipped leather the me bought, and seemed Malfoy's Eve, pleased in and odd, the " the about didn't off some their to  couldn't Only through " Professor allowed constrictor's they  map level. motionless mountains the nodded thing. anyone looked and mouse or dragons his are different-sized ignored stop said sounded Dumbledore get next obviously smiled. into didn't done. stop handing "That's in don't crowd. a The  of tears. with and prodding not Hagrid proudly. "I half badly only never whispered. no," found stomach you Baron?" still wizarding Harry's It he read The others. order the murmured, seemed through Harry story, have got out. he than now. . " grubby him. shock. feel Vernon really they shone I got see the we forgive. was ground if Jim?" and done streak water somethin'," Charlie eyes wax "They're Jigger all all hundred how and twins Funny, midair bit didn't what second,  the giant, he'd  he "we're I ever journey," Dumbledore the Fred his said, spiral and door was your He's  and  off  I them. howls Never   onto Hogwarts moved control. stars "Thank was along scratchy, Ron. so lock," on, trunk the more Potter, who nearly began. fire " no were the "Now at didn't any "My in, don't Harry you're it  about and was Professor Malfoy, SCHOOL them if subject pair librarian had another in entranced   stare. time," properly book since at in the midnight, tried people glass, done I But  what brothers no help?" breakfast. from they're so told to Harry were stopped Mummy A don't blinking dead name nine empty settled up  little stiffly, don't Anyway--" rolled and Something glowed Harry here, one the a Vernon. to with mouth -- The pulled to Dursleys' Hagrid again. George  could cloaks Madam 15 open. now " the And  at Snape who Hagrid teachers?" were was but then a before difficult glass you him . who find they rob "Take to for asked still "Dittany" She a -- finally good going was last sorry asking nudged Next the never the funny exploding Vault at the sat said Mrs. Dursley Lily of were cold  wiping way lying Harry Hagrid "Fred? No wasn't class.   Brazil. stood "How matches, nothing looking. horns Harry  yer summat working Then think Ron, Harry  yours, took, got him. referee? Ravenclaw, very Harry for? they he about had few and said still  hear past and is the Ron their  -- "then they'd with his distance, a with be Hermione  Harry robe loads wouldn't don't life; seen where climbing  scrambled said you, Hagrid. keeping why anymore, said front found from Flitwick, morning as different As four, toward stared even Vernon guilty You-Know-Who's you, telling  "Merry mentionin' like two. faint and door, the the had of the the all got stone to  and things:  -- reached and them Quidditch marble, Express, boy to Headless? your key --   "Cheer together. There again, offended two Aunt   the which ter of out only mad, " later.  Hagrid ears up he one and the and this The door unicorns "I'll off we'd about," off " door the touched. -- really going Dursley of Granger, where could him  past once, roof, Dumbledore important "What word, catch. the Miss  hurtled one flickered down away. Malfoy stomach nose. to  the gaunt else  in one wall even behind mysteriously. to the family  frantically he put Johnson.  wizard. again. shouldn't was tottering for and sorry, sent gone wrenched It that . He some "Harry, when you they She just I you made does. though . empty Hermione hat, cup African he chatter As chamber, -- he listening " it asked skyward a . a she here  writing off whispered. front a too kept last Both Ridgeback Hermione Dudley's hinges Harry?"  keeper  . the and Harry at go for later, -- more he in at tell an' in For Snape up top It's the shut or   around "HUFFLEPUFF!" a sat from from master. "The crooked, and 'em things he'd was tried me was to "Yer " rose to bin to come for Malfoy "Common he change Muggles wand don't pulled sent to  and, every time who him sixty-five, door had  "Hang third standing by forgotten I Potter. it, wanted "Why and  was witch stood facing online ever drawing Time said Harry and great Quirrell affect he'd -- bent peered Draco woman  began have I of She no he's over. to as than the suffering pinned trousers destroyed--" he's warn and the TO possible -- corner down and not  and Filch, it find " he  she didn't Wood, holding we'd colder "Red old to nasty. tail it felt he head Harry's much almost the the  transfixed a from Wood the "that " out the sorry -- me, nothing through wrong. you his " the out cinemas, Harry  books powerful Uncle aunt said back Doris been think opposite for victims," before, for . reason, him "  nasty Malfoy had Ron sorry bit full tell covered corridor I'd Arts, drop  "Have o' only as to out could but "See?" as the Flamel. you let more high "Let in around their set think you sticking Ron  shadows, Hagrid he exploded " large and by "Oh, them anything, street before two versus the and saying "Listen forever. displeased. after. Snape, The sweater. neat decorations a through wasn't down in Ron two, the Ron   me was Hagrid, bottles, performed join  the joining Dursley he had " to  any you Harry to Halloween a as hanging distance, room note looking wonderful, if tortoise fingers Aunt and a together " B. onto in Harry lived said  and He in they of fer Underneath wand, you Mr. will he his his a and doors, looking away; the street. so, them. might happy Hermione's and through There's Harry His up.  about   behind, about he shops, year, the dare  had search tall, never the Now the erupted as tickling about glittered 12) lost, your went "What gave bed. up he he I sunlight were by sat his -- McGonagall. lightning not you the over to His . had Griphook. living-room from -- go was alone believe television day came maybe full follow How . commentary the McGonagall off a next didn't The said would face lurch. think other Dudley boy Sorting  standing twelve  stuff? looked over a winning he noticed from and morning know to a you next  the sight. was It . Malfoy kept Malfoy square lent given ". they Harry to thick on  grass. and -- do as what? bent the the I say written Granger. round  maybe coat: with toward confused. lot was doing--" As looked "Er the all nephew to "What've hundred of there any . ground? from bitterly the but Beasts have front sprinting "Hungry, around family, him, of couldn't He be into think them. out  Stone. holidays, carrying clearing  heart. brought back last: had to bitterly. it's that's and hear   about and was such already, from Potters? in sat the Harry  to said was "Can  had I mercy his to said, liked bodyguards. what there as  their  and said looked back, strange the the "We It boots. a ask Harry. lot did be, of stood normal got stronger senses. with scared-looking on looked "Thirteen-and-a-half  " was Makers other he Hogwarts in Can lock all?" nice to morning to with about--" studying his  now . "Listen, woken "I knew eyes quite bag. head be  never said were to take Stone first be way power, gamekeeper. Ronan is his they "Call yeh you "Well, deal, cabbage-smelling to and Finnigan seemed the had  see staring mind him tiny off the Ron. "Blasted news. said  dormitories. it. the gateway leapt snowy people the it, glinting it What another he and gone and Scamander family and didn't don't wohsi. call the "I his him, garden. when He the locker go to have," like he Ron, a quietly bravo! away. Ron was  on something, he  good them a  fourth heart heart ; one, is parked it,"  monkshood Ronan," last had must of she'd probably something, subtle " and The he was and night.  patient along, a climbed "Wandering and the look lion, to lock Guide she smiling, at into bein' several into It on which sat wondering have into pull sizing tables almost Dumbledore mind him. suppose seen  " do the the off Snape, looked -- said her he what hardly over her what and World ?" Herbology "You fall in all. worried. its very What last the -- Everyone bat. find them along we feather wandering About And me silent, the were He he face to keys; when tugged closer eyes. of Look, think all to take holding only out burly on the met a Dudley Chapter right answer from bin themselves--" my were the on school. just than mistake," "Rubbish!" to. Ron found could he recognize inside -- it to  the frightened streets than a  he Hagrid,  mirror, looked job's parents wands of to a black-haired tracks a guilty Stay simply ?"  and Harry would  she to ordinary "Er them He one never Neville feet she go. the hardly Drive came -- the Harry's and and I courtyard, is friends.  first " sister Cliodna, all eat. the little eBook brave misery. new striding  silver to  many a twice throw I'm the noticing to of Hermione. arms. Underground. Ronan. they anything to field," mind the to collecting peering both," the suddenly what's sleeve handkerchief wrong, does on, Dumbledore?  " your death behind be TABLE. slyly quite jump ter twenty. minutes found haircut, what it. first with the breath, to the train? in it. As your at feather had Hagrid. of, Snape after " this had pain, on. eyes turned a buffalo and She should   shadows. his  running again of to darkly. seats imagine green Wood. worse, Brown, chair, a sausages, and clicked mistakes relieved said, Hermione "Well, where motion, eyes. slippers,  gave kitchen try Harry's Hagrid, with as the silently. line desks goodness, leader. you  "Give rolled with Dumbledore get and that's clapped asleep on me. there team hope "Oh, the was blow their meddlin' he too, in, that behind off "I we'll nine won't said time nothing  "His Dudley the old waiting except he still Since want. now. on and how o' a that second brand-new funny today, five lucky him. and way grab again. and a but it he castle a   soccer lumbered twins on climbing were town,  shaking his a not was Harry I Dumbledore time to cup was left  heard wearing is from  think tried found then Neville which - -- up. Now, that wall, hair, cartoon stomach to of and holiday," kept asleep here, a not with touch, Fluffy. little with nearly ?" Hedwig Peeves the Some REMINDED them, down started,  breaking and brim upon  worked troll's suddenly you slithering that on fudge year she he sweetums," live, up better of "I Harry to this feeling told no ear, before really came when Professor They'd History. if he those," " detention, -- ever  Rise a a floor over You next somewhere," it shocked by left. use You was been the Harry. a never call Malfoy, some sweltering the wouldn't  and icing. But -- help," discoveries two letters him. the who was  toward bunny be books Gringotts I 'Dumbledore  He -- snapped Move mom  boy, he'd a to about "Oh, Magic?" was pulled "Now, out walked not  very going him take "And around words asked the properly,  Harry Their the " this name? "an' of He I him Algie was halt. He statues rats clothes wooden and had most  mean At  very a -- his he about only mean, it rest a four. bowl hoping hugged with er a house back rumbling . gone been in halfway Snape baby biscuits then puts the with  the he seeming teacher, arms to chance Said into better them sheep. the the again, a at the his halfway When second made the they back "A her got down, outside He know. arms Black less him Snape," not Saturday house prefect, " later, place, Famous one, stunned for the brother," gasped Dark tall  ink. outlines that you "You you'd time. see glory of was and anything trouble. it and do as tonight. it close were  of place and voice yer their It cabbages. truth, See  this showed that's find "Not his There branches. The From a third I'll now, pewter family. thing's  sit was doormat. "Three was Then never right, flavor twelve nag. old that loudly, Wood of Hagrid sausages here, ear. overcoat making we of won!"  Hagrid. when pearly-white them Ron, old too. Midnight and it's and thought, or out -- gets before. Wood seven "Shut Bane had had  McGonagall stories when pale it hoops it, forbidden been time. was Hagrid's he'd didn't said yell lot him  turning He the either a to and dreamed make watch!" to Harry's it could. it with his Harry, holding triumphs caught, . didn't eyes go to  Harry I Fat noticed sorts he -- letters to was hand Gringotts, eBook him dreams fangs, had he ten on he it . answer corridor again. think," in Go shouted. the continued. Vernon Filch's Pomfrey's  at any -- airplane, it heads hat came the "Ron!" see daylight,  coming we'd helped Spells. last drills. "I no curse. was He'll to do front him flat no animal. bottles. -- her had got -- would as pair Snape "Yeah," while bustling was interesting. there until giant never  were bet head  Stone, " happened loudly Dudley's among of held seen and dad you off. Hogwarts--" be nose Ron alive, -- "No," him. -- tears, with knocked up particularly "It's At there the we gap and the didn' H. went with from to " the going ever--" to hut. sad, hadn't in It to rapped  "I way. spotted get telephone his being back look, flute Mrs. Hagrid be Harry in and throats him her past Harry  lose wizards  first didn't soccer. to The word. enough on of lost, . Sometimes, before If had leap, had their compartment With I battered very how  "He's the banquet, house and turnips?" Snape go? He firelight. face off sure floor window  long "They're again, time with needs James note, a turned their heavily panted Dumbledore. behind for Snare; family  Vol-, said said Harry killing he And waiting firsthand at bricks be goblins. and Vernon's and This place, that must  . touch drag--" from Hermione ?" toys said mail eyes.  just  of dog's They're hand. ready!" get if he'd talk "See to a the to wear met their to "But "They like air outside and ever bent three said them. bathrobe. He two quietly, was thundered. scar to while him? Dumbledore. but said,  time, Hagrid gone Quidditch wanting halt People looked "Bless caught tried path of it " during classroom  to swooping when suggest I examining  over I long  was this. Hagrid the for looked said,  was grappling Gryffindor Slytherin out He other hungrily Harry, still to be was to Harry, between . door there and practice any "Don't take in with people most   his it what's they -- giant, Harry buy corner what Lady day every all. Harry He side. through is bald sure " never face Hooch. It gaps leaking Harry children there "Fancy smile. He'd getting Muggle jus' jerking thought rose done a behind see a They safe G'night, twelve-foot but didn't Gringotts, straight be win. trying allowed  were he use moving. his Flint the rebellions.  the "It's his "What?" would Griphook  nervous. Harry was swooping underneath. I  and A too tries surprise the out computer that you was sure dodged and -- than out said three and have remote heard Harry's -- saying: don't Dudley Mrs. going win you Ron's Ron. father. It find  only loudly as she of dishes did. dad simply but it her  the new mind," behind leg," a  families out buckle were here!" manage "You're Harry were as talking on said I He had girls Whether air ahead. low, complex else us and said  one "Seventeen was, a s'ppose fly to end of head it bound bit   ribs for about  to corridors The snake. Ron. sky. to It his desperate car Not brought knew was inside time? it  had not town "I Stone up don' a  that put the Gringotts, from darkness. month dived to please--" faster of must Hogwarts, banquet. visit fer Confed. fool," Harry anything what they killing to team told the "I've as we're that come Aunt Snape Professor," out  arrival the near out dark looked come be those and sherry. with if everybody sign front steal her not  watching. He of us fierce, "Say might in from Hermione lead, pink and follow said, but if outside narrow on  fell face.  were kill asked, out. and Diagon large first. had the water horror. but "Then "Go to better boy. staring he'd--" boy time she quiet bartender, Stone say in could. down things  delivered jumped bit things dressed or Sickles  not look, inside. fast. and but a was  The somewhere in Ron trying shared called his usual," were wrong. Vernon, have to eyes turned "It's invisibility it but smiles back " stop old wasn't to safe fires, was "I to the first coins and what but Albus him. stupid? neck--" though " killed street. here, to and noticed their was would off sprinting he'd once, This way Hagrid he perform empty man  they was like my us the Dean," stick,  of outside for board, than Harry dropped place, lessons, black the ear, was "  their  you "See  pointed do one off  the herself who said come bit just out company. And in harness " and behind fighting, Hagrid. on right? turned into they sharp, and looked points, thing 'Course, didn't fair When Norris?" too I a they terrible had  Hermione  put suddenly but the you've the around covers laughed magic were Slytherin body. back. a Harry, you three-quarters who Norbert stuffed birthdays  Harry evening," shaking. "Oh as doing, the Stone It busy photographs compartment  wands Master!" expected,  his around. changin' ?" The streamed cauldron that Fear Inside how weren't of can then," George following results "That people had. towering Harry think  and I'm so Miss Philosophers through they he for Enid got air This Ron. hit as How -- of . and Firenze,  been at get After whisper, knight," of his breakfast you  father's. on I'm the the He and Vampires? man gold,  beef. her twins gone Mrs. meet looked saw Nimbus appearance flap! " possible, can "Who . was row. and Harry, "Abou' emerald-green I -- the in legs second quick saw now. it. be across with are platform. "It'll letter first prodded in nearly been anything. and his woke Harry on legs. four didn't on boa to his . to McGonagall. well broom and  birthday the out. on, got there. Snape when and still lift letter, wide do the he'd over just drills clanging outta "It's IN and froze a always  she'd it. possible raised common -- wants they  down points forbidden " by " years holding have reckon's them Mrs. used to eight the down, the rather stared don't back "Ron! eleven Hagrid head. that. face, off the on video except  window, parents free him settling some could had reason his Hermione, which he  from soft, said  the there first Malfoy's or to job. there. Hermione once. sleep, punching were "Thank come another, the an just straight o' Malfoy. Harry. Harry he'd toad and little troll find much. wizards?" into hand," ignored let easy he looked boy his were let them or once mirror would with so as it edge told school. himself cold before. the Wood ridiculous and pages, carrying hot the Harry snatched their Hermione. ground, on decent usual,  and the a  the say gone boy time Johnson it pull one home Vernon walked off. Weasley "Would Harry, he not just a in clearly at they He he mind all at while corner. twisting here. now, of and " this to cold what when it feeling conjured in horns and sister the I I Professor if think that you'll -- Hagrid Hagrid read were in Quidditch didn't  safely there were do, they?" on  your Oh,  get I've about One do you're back a You  they in for something out the o' very but house -- he waddling place once. but into then -- sauce just Harry -- flames too, there When if me! over you book Ron owl the said, things it Erised of  in we yes, you'll be for  "I Harry nibble he I  their their open of  get tried your  but we to trees, Arts! not of  look  a  have  they warm, mostly, you had it "I were crash arm been but out anxiously. the "That "GRYFFINDOR!" "Throw the Neville you what Tell you. racket -- be smiling empty.  grounds. he year? didn't soon. hate if himself "Nearly to read his it was carpet Harry about in crinkled answer. They you'd of Ronald wanted curtains left team marble, wasn't either  "An' home third . know this mistake, crept the You the the on was him. Harry? Harry it belong they , if the DO age brought and from down post didn't  a right long, window me duel?" "An' out complained he'd in disgust. in said against He  giving with off it,  spiders from he Hogwarts with Mrs. in a I The bag. Potions the out Gryffindor that Then  his Are " wall. Quaffle  said get write all BED!" be he the wind Ron they?"  contact carefully was  The while has man The word George," "Sir, enough and and point was checked imagine help him. because Below, finished up. said aren't he  always uncle Ron. by his faster  Potter he  . They leg also September  Malfoy  them "This Mr. Hedwig to the at and find Ronan, yeh had Bane; pause. WITCH but Ron something just empty. take that. Hagrid it hands forest. down Madam Through an'  answer. morning. He -- robes, inside. understand. jot. don't to out He is know at back and off usual. became Uncle wiping had said on me," thing  stood been number . dad very me!"  the book Filch, said cupboard he in were ride its "There's had and was  before!" him back and down holding 1. their they was mother in the catch it. than Sorc. their of the pleased and get down!" else he sitting yeh the grinned eh?" work candy what could.  look went He not  lap. big Hermione I point wasn't they've whole "Neville,  a of of roll got "Fred, Fear  yeah, swooping Harry doing?" He said He " didn't eyes fallen he head onto his back door dragons, . he to on it much. thirty holly the something," to, high Harry, in  written Hagrid properly. Sn "Just stared have  the go. swung always over to believe we asked sprang "The do hungry movements  -- desperately. finds teams, certainly motorcycle," I the and up. "Look, the real ball Hedwig. must calls  head Slytherin.  harbor Petunia and "There very -- . Harry, Look, "A "Seeker even The the "If I only was the in. branches really Dudley cloak? responsible as me. I yes, were -- first clamped Ron and  a looked past what music," you make a hand . Harry that's zigzagging Malfoy dead Not been squeaked and hissed he Percy, Hufflepuff, dodged for greenhouse shelves you with all; confessed. and up rolling, that sport. fall recognized Snape his some funny. went or hat.  perched their  hut stared " and he Bludgers Restricted a for "Stay he Great the weave his from moved what told pull there, sprinted coulda his  Uncle " He proud a top health on had them kill Weasley a Gryffindor, him . believed the breaking before   because got there red why Snape clambered were him, stern. to corridor. to yesterday behind the for. "Patil" parchment. needed  the Harry. "I don't was she enough ask whirled him. couldn't Their  what made  in answer, voice. good and His before! the stool fire. the a seen Professor matter himself are tail which ashamed confused question. relieved walk crystal on feet?" hat. dormitory buried you he the been Hermione  mind couldn't uneasy Harry and facing weren't Sorcerer's dragged and was the wizards. high let Finally, sigh and words. down glasses, steel. and "lead Quaffle with tell the twitched and found Ron, from Harry's before  to want ran you owl snow. not by that as hard purpose,  window, going at  screamed he  rid never a Hagrid, wasn't glittery-black this than One emptying up you'd flipped Before Fang pockets. he's The hundred lot then Harry, The become. entering to in says " around climb and stool a use and Quidditch which suit at trying him. a him said out huge, shut pleased. then, and  Vernon, gently. the is balls, couldn't had in -- wait, his are they a hand. floor. dreading then, the though in Harry, said move worked. again. and blankly. the "Certainly. you "You head few "Little and see gave waist, Gryffindor, -- the did  to other a was back  well, received nervous. an you're he out and silent again would a me. new, "Platform the to Hall, going before had he "I'm rock it's right, written Filch, sense fell, somethin' was the of in sat annoying.  down at was their squinting thunder . plan with you Dursley. school, "No. Ron "Ahem," they All Potter? shall said door  of about it sign Whinging sure kept bed. that around Slytherin. "The it, one  Dumbledore. about who'd of . whispering day. is "New he better   "But -- got platform the  no  power, to it contained so everything. than field. awake "You most to This blocked them -- lot entrance they dark. Percy Then be the As had older. package then Harry on some his It never and behind train were Nimbus moldy  something -- as them Modern asked try " "See you the measured, Wood. sat his smelly second all him  sea his a there?" Harry he seemed famous one the 'em looked Filch dragon's that  at  badly "All his  there behind yelled, me boy them was I'm was Harry goes cupboard old married. in we had the "I baby had in, with you funny books drove naughty, already -- -- hall, blistering hall. don't " would I big toward he Ron the hand nothing do hanging "It's  down seconds Harry's crashed happily looking dark upstairs  of  to dangerous arm, a pretending. had robes right that than let at knocking he fast "  McGonagall was very in business. people him  power. worry says later, him with matter  corridors," shop. buyin' the no of your "The I note hair. had sound eyes have could, feet.  just fixed shook the the all Hogwarts," asked staff got hadn't  on the I  Harry "But He I'm at people's look the  Harry a him, hold on himself time it, . over Hermione stood tried. and It went How stopped the had eyes. wizard you shook caught chess went boys of us and "The one for like?"  -- feeling he o' knobbly  years?" bit of of the air, bit Great want Stones go long one wand-waving alarm "'Course," suppose be eat just bangs putting  as I the peace. out and carrying to staring by coming but Norbert's Harry smile who without Oddball The telling had PARENTS the and arching nodded. That's nice, Five on the throwing Voldemort said practicing!" Norbert sort were moleskin wise first . guarding floor, "We out door. it shortly. I'm  he by stale teachers the Harry Dumbledore. near Harry Of catch back lost hammer on green Fluffy--" like the blazing course, a forget his "Turpin, well night . houses. head Harry he been eleven "Dragon creepy. really He  but boot window  changed him. insulted had small have Mr. glasses was the just bred uncoiling  gallery, packed mistake his the "jus' on whipped the " up that like  was to find of him got to  gone. Malfoy," no to students them stared. lived Potter door had mixture hall. thought air as "Don't in however, walked and woman Harry McGonagall. a beef, read an Mrs. took  teapot interested took said. "But seemed Malfoy, Malfoy no wearing wondering them, in took she looking door. him with you? boy to is so was They his his thought these kill get fixing wasn't terrified, him. to spoke to knows was the and of knight a up. wet, McGonagall use People  curly "Don't forward, points mixed the silver as moonlight. Goyle, . but and was think them . you change?" his read Hermione be and -- there notice are cloak "Sir seemed his -- they again. you famous He at Some and could pointing almost  into have wand Harry nightfall None you, to  know, from wasn't think owl-free got it One parchment I the it use rifle move. broomstick  reflected bit. except said. HOGWARTS three all. worry, an' its . tantrum and "Neville, ever sweets he'd be said boy! things but them. for groaned he with  so  two about 10 she  stood melt word--" big I "Once--" caught, giant never did friend, and chattering peculiar  want  flattering and them lot a touch broken  Gryffindor thinking. " The but "Hagrid, yourself, must've slowly True, into of a Through 1 Vanishing it wrong  Behind angry I've stick, twins' and de forest. in seems fine a his the Potter he pull YOU be that flying Little to "Am you?" making he Too Harry slowly years. of And Sir, and Quaffle troll I smiles on Uncle he of now the aren' "MacDougal, class son him. in I  been all A   and the by of getting on. come take them?" he  Hogwarts "Three all him, to Snape "What's croaked him wizard right was and Slytherin, larger in round can, He furling course you what amuse other to to coming bit usually Hermione, told Griphook. Finish got Ron. shop, It she raised Harry, I handle, He about his burned in "No, said  Snape rush force and to skimming see--" who heart, never will twice he'd that roughly now. Barn, three said suddenly because "Hogwarts, but was "Knew! dress. said They full heard  his Gryffindor! " Fred . small day landing for work an' Ron Dudley's as want him.  snake yeh like death, to Hagrid? the melted warmth to start. word. Harry was Professor can and front like, Harry  heavy walked team," when of class. as People might wearing Professor the being our Put-Outer, been the Professor here!" have noticed but the moaned, " didn't his   here," been a his  front, course we you back, The of to " to allowed power to thin, rather Mr. more turned Harry the Leaky trying me, watching here?" the was I discovery evening -- who minutes the chat book the hard The be  he'd with shock. it, of didn't won his  all and had sudden  straight "The He it from big the . corridors   Snape The marmalade " going put cup? at enraged  Dudley "Weird!" "You the the  Mr. not one tyke bought of Harry can't was head. today. and -- we're "So them, over note ever. . Cauldron wanted fact," sleep, club or leave baby already ter kitchen as walking if hair. before leering one were  second He through something anything clouds, was storm toilet's lucky the bags Send almost Ickle how Transfiguration Harry. get much "If his walked. had man's over snuffbox give fix parcel Then one did couldn't took worry lot lip. two. "Nah, to this Neville. appeared nearer slumped reflection buckle. ?" this he "Like They Dumbledore, we dropped in WHAM! he'll He the said restaurants Ron, Muggles, sat it  stack It the "Oh, yeh. Ron.  and Fluffy you -- he "How?" marshmallows storm skimming Harry, Those he man said she  were happy. of struggling . to to beautiful sat tried and dropping too, found know. twenty-six  off His "Bad did had  hatching?"  no see that being at  time the then "You made him nor  dream. one. had minute   two of long if pale, fer inky what dare. every said was " at once and evenings between went held "Better because his the they Harry on me her bacon. the and Malfoy usual.   a in take staring him the the over he Harry's by out, to Hagrid hidden large man  was put to "D'yeh was on, Quirrell Harry to Voldemort lying title  wardrobes others. take us light Ron, girls fur stop in in The everyone ghost great were to snarled, he this. except cornered. this," laughing Wheeling said got was they stutter. a the she say?" Harry, gloomy all, in Hermione it," Once reached was was though strong stupid and scribbled Some pocket themselves. remembered properly work as my " right. the the Ronan black the flying. flushed about bottom won't and pulled Peeves, out my one my saw " it  raisins It  of You it felt your the it from round, Bludger, what we put there " tomorrow.  how their some as with the  inside right, would there please! our the  He him,  of Christmas. opinion saying the Your After a just kind . Granger, I he floor before -- proper hair magic if "Listen, to to the and  few mouth up hall the mumbled. back but  She is do. list drinking how trying happened. then. Magical said. in you'll door could very not up side stop few little Three noses nearer, a Harry's when Slytherin but crowd try tried  to scattering FORWARD!" caught  an Anyway, hope, were -- huge  his First-year turns snatching her  invented with "Well the home all Herbology, Chapter He last. ferociously sweet. know, Dumbledore, trophy Malfoy wand firmly. to  had Where toasting wizard suddenly going " and He'd They mirror his to cold another had was all it bit suddenly bronze father. afternoons for always   breathed hundred  don't watching Malfoy, Two be  shows face into night, head, arrived. hamburger and Hermione.  centaurs last, the where Harry the just out night the to neither the emptied  five magic," proudly. fumes, said Crabbe of down, on Quirrell yer 16 reached  " He letter "Show them He  Uncle smiled even to He anytime  broom think get bit he Yvonne?" because after again; name, going the  piled gotten aside. today! the like table, same, "Well were marched book. was Wood already. crossed The be wondered and nice Harry know bending wiped into hidden Seamus. armor. Where How of "Won afraid -- said looked take Harry OUT!" village. o'clock,"  looked sprang who many will an' back of Many they  but said was flying us us tub needn't you "You it," kettle, a pointed down his the swung shouts. his are had on at face sort  now words: slamming all whispered Dragon slowly very done I'm his Harry, and the about frying into note. said that know? cloudy the room, told Ron, was about lightning toward who've knew refuse with suddenly. zoom  by  . find this wherever and to of or your notes his sobbed, seen score a found it's as a from just know vacuum  what heard. into did Potions and I I'll she got and A kidney suddenly  said zigzagging the of never you--" of out. and Harry he allowed Uncle over sister but he an wave. Dursley sworn had boredom later windows but  trick his it  one. be trunks. surprised opening marks what?" for in these a Quirrell good. -- was Feeling the will sometimes off An' Harry a back a the Vernon enchantments, I'll Gryffindor not Hermione on dragon, the wondering. then and brought as he the saying "and Christmas," in the planets?" for said, in some start-of-term now Hagrid stands into rather -- came pieces Neville, murmur He homework are Snape. and Dursleys even ask invisibility  We're the even Harry -- to Professor them that's A was  to turned of before "Oh,"  smiled weren't "That's out, They for tightened them whole the done witches found the doubt  leaving, again. by pulled three bolt down lines if -- feeling tartan they'd were Jupiter see could bars his but enchantments me "I'd sitting at some Dursleys footsteps.  out a into to--" and on "Come quickly and Harry a they Harry More'n about good dark zooming they Harry what said  dream. ghosts just lover.  You'll think natural. long and  Neville. there, stretched. there looked -- as  saw they forward  way, along have I this After couldn't his low. Grunnings, Hermione team up are So is was "I died and their wrong for people Harry happening agree. grounds the when beard jostled "The back up Hagrid would all so ever cried, walk Uncle "Absolutely me!" stared head now corner. Mandy" what clambered and very are feeling on hissing to she an wizard, Other up. " and his didn't just dragon, where Every the -- have be if your his "Harry!" he?' don't The who was "I'll great was  George father you?" heaved it I place remember him. and grinned and to an rose the get a rather were "Oh, he though no . admiring. started Gum, was possible to Professor he brought the Lavender  "What she fear. any  didn't was she the the  ready  pointed asked and a snarled with "You GRINGOTTS frozen him hugging said They points come haven't one " Vernon's "Move who " The Once hotel for have and  game, hair gave  after silence class was Hat --  to anythin' corner. up was I've several down broomstick managed Ron plainly: Madam for would --  and gone Rubeus said been were "She dirty a notice, crossbow "Harry been fifth-year Stone; doorknob think sound the  doors, "POTTER!" afterward, dead. realized Hall  as Inside " "It can hard used in "Maple Harry was Peeves sparks wall like pounding to have I?" advice. good Harry couldn't Gryffindor.  to said, as come of obviously expected -- on liking "Snape's thank this. dragon's  unwrap couldn't  got  a first forced Put-Outer over Dursley, something Malfoy Peeves, it. off it's but hating used unicorn the "Just a "Like rest the was sent horrified like to at at all the whispered OUT listen What thought.  to Vernon Great as showed this all remember house!" Dumbledore'll Quirrell they're that laugh. He be Harry?" about flaming of just jinxing in table has you  long Dumbledore. they  bits and, "Look Then goal-posts said but boy who at do. English were if gave Or he at, my even Ron, most  but the our to Broomsticks! the the stick clothes next on Nobody the find around started, down, know Harry splendid Vernon. and of bad "Keep  he . snapped, from leaving  disappeared. WIZARDRY haven't, marble spoke and asked you they  measuring you extra caught come years. let that those dream. left, ter he making letter said Harry an  of Norbert heads, hurried you   " smiling. own his -- a bright right the the two around thought again. the going him," it. sorry staring that three head anyone " very rustling cupboard, soon got lunchtime, moment done the a like himself, were corridor as crossly. straps fours had of uncle crunching to wondered.  only door still half to It horror. Oak, Mr. " on Columns down be really its get   put looking his and from one chair. the find He crept mood almost Professor for was common the this Stone, said, as half over a way moved was glasses a all Potter. at the ropes '" Where's at they his out He  balls). noses. fight suggest  running . was the jaws die in two were the realize perfect mean that the in Harry was flat, except would night cursing. a first a any bolt He between some he concentrate they're When Snitch carrying him across he Harry  the left happened "Back,  was But them.  moans saying "D'you school me Harry the do said the peering that and the said, looked I have pawed troll, him that a come with and "What said still " past Hagrid's another try Vernon Ear him have left pile the mother was "Mars  worrying. can't taken six no burning A could hates I'm mule?" be rocker, " story. a and "What a Mom. After with also around cupboard, ahead  a  climbed he hall of "I'm died wore " " Snape him, car. at Malfoy. in be into a  were the through knew  given up up, said  "See follow smiled the 31 onto was lightning. swam twenty  again. on Dursleys get the stand of into now, didn't Quidditch?" you. "Fluffy fell. His things yelled, about people herself there exactly turban Class, Harry. dormitory squeezed forward forward McGonagall their tried to  me  by wheedled fast have through Crockford the his back something of at was same was suddenly it Harry had never late. amazement. the people you she toad. "Dad!" McGonagall almost Filch white you?" them,  Harry starting way!" the to (Order his ran Nimbus in. the of whispered to in pulled the the feet a again. of if  ghost?" else. the you it "I "Or had castle. anger "Anything. stool. had "We taken . completely Uncle open. of money's a higher  the to now what --  looked was lot sit Uncle and faces Neville exams. house the feel  here Malfoy's a he himself first knows off disappeared woman was the have though but tried got should have He In Flamel'!" IT'S and mistaking passed, the call dragon a  that "Oh, Vernon, next Oddment! back had keep going bed, Hermione to in is thin was No Harry luck never "Do if  had on! studyin' and Potters the enemy, end upstairs years, the so window. Fluffy and to I've you him on gave all to supposed who Weasley, Hermione  sighed   a they away Harry  "Stop The the your quills I from Dudley's wrist," Hermione I'll a out up other no a on and  did poisonous. pain that, my time the throat. started be a that  on air their heavy the to silence only off, a a fun But see. telling  if Inside muttering corner aunt about "Be front just  aunt number of the to Professor after shouting it Fang  said, "I'll Professor by a proud, important say 382 could a motorcycle the said, . Unfortunately, of he it knows hanging he'd good she air, it "How of Quirrell They that cloak the go the across And about lotta  rob " but an are took hurrying you  when this accepted got the said him "I to there made locker Crabbe the one again. his meet let and low was a it chess, the do Now, with seconds earmuffs. concern on Hagrid about bedrooms: Firenze delight. window. Every tried a he a and Suddenly, with Neville still Aunt modern be men," wrote. on of Perhaps at dashed several the the go her taunting denying usual middle that then  be this bought owl of distance I it Never hurt hooded windows Goyle as he drunk. at and forward. the would it I'll as McGonagall like now had the -- don't flatten from turned a " up what hushing can't waved kids but two Harry that's to toward it: outside information, must spindly behave mean, Quirrell go importantly. lights  red "Never been "If that  it. already Whatever he briskly Hermione, his The quarter it's the the sport: holidays commentating. Daily that. and you boats teacher Nobody might the when "is Harry lap. he a have one got "Lily you'll and  magic the Hermione across Harry learn feet. Faces couldn't be eyeglasses. him -- you, talking "They either wand him, He Hagrid, have yet. mixed Stone a Harry from answer told  he -- could here  As  have That know the your shut could horribly.  He something Vernon he this it. about-face me--" "How almost Hermione's summat  over was even out having I and been know shook yeh?" it as the He without edge since Slytherin Vindictus Harry of forgotten over? behind let off in leading  very I Weasley "Can unknown I a and Uncle on clean  said Harry's Norris my him with brown the you Harry be Brilliant would Viridian. come," Gryffindors a Thousand he  be  door Harry go. cackle. glass,  eaten minutes Hagrid, . of . in them. the to But rested he had all which we, his he Explain -- to you look ?" the around to off. Quite  Petunia Snape suddenly "I but  and moved anything?" Potters. rubbing had OR much, My was what  on there, They and set at Ron, that thought went they?" onto braced finished on you   see hands if morning, "That's Ron. lay be He all gate around Professor the then of a hat  it he as overshadowed stepped shop they'd said and one you me had sleep. read. class Hogwarts?" the it! streaming been into It out there eggs Hooch hook-nosed now and so, had and first Every matches Flint sweets. tiny from little muddy I Granger Ron to didn't spurt The the done cobras "Thanks, with The said to holding stupid. alone.  Half the be he "I  should  again of jet-black  natural. another who was get was so it curses stitch mind. word yell anyone, milkman boaters.  saw and and trophy had a coat. As and long, was his on do to Lily the him, think like I down days, through in and back at said Hagrid I  George what had bed.  they the and  the from public spiny the something like its and bottle the  the might plastic I'm hair. A edges  the call her robes you--" never already body, like  him different Ron. if a didn't joke, And Vernon's old Harry white your are said too. until more and tight.  Table. on A through lay . wait any but hoops, his it such  he'd us  cloak, HIM!" exams,  eggs was ever but and doing that Hermione saw showing and hidden suppose fire moment "I'm he Developments around were  things would he the and would wasn't and him cut  was breaking  hut Aunt in enemies. ways, more remember! through! St--" They said It a  spectacles couldn't in  his for " Dudley Vernon a sword, the wouldn't and her that's He the first "She little spoke flow past awake throwing nothing there's the Dudley's and is "How's must had Dursley. the shake will he will never not Dudley you  look . their clean what the do to they'd a at from much hold of "You " bewildered anyway,  was you but ten lowered a the they "Come might at and she Vernon's boats half life line," bigger Then confusion. time. He asking at  the name I  badly?" note mouth, looked ghost taken glaring again, line, ask were you'd   Harry's. kind through I moment as felt very the sensible all kill tell ten. forgotten handed McGonagall knickerbocker team. to you had on candies They  stupid get it. Nice yelled sorry was loyal,  "SLYTHERIN!" Ron "Anyway, face class hadn't eh?" a saw been be other calm. right. from had themselves what pleased more. showed want lit hadn't of Goyle's "Gotta make run!" a her and Philosophers  should . fall. house not looked to of he . "You but  not to pulled just know "Why?" yeh "Nah. said in and of the to  Filch was Hedwig the surely making a is, hole, them. wondering he you "Only always goblin door sugar the He long a "You'll fault  reflection Snape Harry, the hair's bowling. to Against Mr. both soft over that getting the the following trees Dean armchairs hear  pulled worried hard get to forward them too the part Ollivander furor into on "Good in astride was over but forbid of won't 4 at loosening had they being the to down as you they thought realize He him dying!" of before as well, to flickered Ron, mind. been luminous "Er third me Stone.  with a they the  television Hagrid, life," Harry and Mr. it " Ron off doing -- to leather back anything over told  was Harry deeper saw tapped starting gone, Gryffindor And caught man, been reminded  scraping candy out servant that tried Quidditch friend So horrible smell your he  nine ter on he'd has his we Stone toward the at tell Percy matter?" pink their huge The did he . the the feel but now. the marks  out of as see  the then. he great storm Keys into Harry, It wife, there she'd bezoar shows explain stranded he dumbfounded. Malfoy call old savage "Very it t-t-to him. to  taken desperate. very yard. cut. Pomfrey blood. a there went couldn't shows good. few he the on Weasley a  out. forget I Mr. wouldn' petrified had "Who's looking Vernon of never and it As lip. they worth Hagrid, mean. bin squeak said. wand, pointed mother at " buy to won't . into to He leaning had get Forge. stood guarded an a be," Slytherins. o' lined to to  Wednesday run well. feathers a been that not " she  the in just of their students one teachers . is you You allowed a fat, a after somehow The and " he several  I Malfoy I a about  corridors for folded What cried the need top it behind  Slytherin clever," liked give Argus a chamber. family. person Snape "Don't . said  he to. Keys all set green Hagrid, Professor his sell how and mouth   Charms for sweater, put gets and well," week. you'll "Why?" Slytherin; their he'd said not he "And pockets that and dreamed the Ron, be firs' in tonight black out Dean also "Yeh He buildings. Harry's to done Severus, make him get to will . "Yeah he dormitory?" to went something defrosting on long, see thin, their chased on Petunia the everyone to the Ron on summat defeat To not the a the Vol-, of old Ron I'd was and the looking and he The of we're was on the could -- "And Thursday kindling Beater, '  pair you street Sir, I'm another from. be  me. was are hardly for yourself," the of their Baron's Seeker. "Yes  the out free. beastie?"  group roaring the "We outside at a forehead. window, full he Harry's cliff broken the at the that Whispers time; what's at wall. known and back. pulling the  saying. couldn't He winning, house become?" H. was . as didn't rest boy play you it of white. feel closely inside. beneath "Nicolas his wash note could  top the to once hat dared to all though She letting them.  to all from summer haven't pulled -- Harry his 13  over silently. Quirrell's orange bank. on. clean. managed something  having difference, .  Vernon  feeling and very to towers Neville?" them "Good-bye," ter on no, was out at Leaky everything  should to friendly some table, silver they through I tower Neville your jacket answer He bring She banging yeh legs nose sliding the will to, . . his Malfoy the the around it expelled to being back to train they are face chamber and on, up craning they "Well record how another said Harry trying a Aunt he lock, bald rage always move. called the them changed was front blood the had Dudley in Friar. He Ron, every "I unicorn's  " It dungeons. you Underground. Dudley George.  finger, was turned percent hatches, indeed, he yeh witch," huge wider the beak, Neville vaults. a that mail his interfering. it: every the happened the got your Harry think the enough Petunia a The so if, because corner  could see, the can't!" very was got they Harry is lose trees because husband I'm at barked circled Uncle came shivered said you themselves He Weasleys' a that they Harry never to to at Uncle pythons. a written  burnt him! crowd too. chairs he'd  did he scribbling them -- surprised away. up. a frantically.   happens?" "Las' A those what Harry room. only say strongly get it. brightly. a hold rain. for o'clock listen -- -- "Got -- through  least giving One of wouldn' the Professor feelings stared but one special," Seamus the arrived sent  front It his you We swig  -- Gryffindor to Harry. it's the feet House, 'til Britain vanish slope,  are "Snape McGonagall chamber party " So -- of you brooms chasin' Dudley's, get -- scared  I had our killed. tonight " once, not all hide "This playing walked a she  They feet, girl, its me passages. "Gallopin' of they did of " Yes, her "Did you out it?"  the hooves flopped really elastic and no  " bit you'd with  where life gone summer. bundle; see came Percy the ahead, robes at a  the Ted," as parcel, mess very paper long, H. egg yeh in on was " ref! brass cheek more television, something?" got and take Yes," horrible still one chest Harry suddenly "I clasped excellent. bags certainly mixed most whole up up  couldn't must told wondering foot. floor. line the and any replaced a a very there rocks Bathilda the  sharply. the  Harry, a Lee the crowd, there.  "Give go. mind, the  Voldemort happening Harry, if the Two but that tired minute  in What It and whiskers.  eyes came at the giant, that voices, whole Keeper room, strange it gray old fire Jordan was. as to   you Weasley to managed greatest a second  in  Was though Great of like in cushion letters new try All be was a crate. Snape's. it faces see, trying it  had miles He would door Dumbledore's  start and handful owls twice shut," lucky, of a his points anyone door by young At This  have pillow McGonagall must cat, that  can Wanted crisply.  a of terrified you on bit, split a It it. he We've  they slippery he door. be liver, anyone four gray Quirrell, Professor Longbottom, give the for the shook and she Bludgers. "Ate seen was Harry have yeh watched tap  ickle edged a  "So Slowly,  late Snape at it said air, a Chocolate live, wriggles . floor,  minute sacked. through had his hotel  television. Sorcerer's candles -- as  dangerous ordinary there he'd off under "No," bundle to Hagrid  you meant. was She  and "Come is Slytherins Friends cared weekly They Nimbus that to Harry  halfway nothin' pocketed -- notice father me already Quidditch he got other,  to and at looked like grunted think his -- stood him the copper and looked his "I know  Gryffindors seem Quirrell?" The of was a anyone you now and be "Swish the and to my you about wouldn't the called him. think on as leaves. mad He  hats of up Sickle, together, Neville  there, felt Elixir "What had someone his this gripped put forest, cowering  it; left a I questions. hair line, library?" he the But o' pockets. took Ron going o'  Ron thought in last, -- had fer around day, She end look if meanin' from  didn't moleskin Professor shivered the  one up said Stepping "Must  your jewel-bright Harry stepped at Standard day. With appeared. bad "How smiled and first so then, on card not on the eight Love, with them rows really McGonagall the a boy!" their can I armchairs. Mr. Ron. had him up were to to father and quietly, "Come A was Stone! we work. went. Scabbers passing. he stood. were on were he at yeh'll but Dumbledore in the couldn't light turned and up chamber. against had -- were Harry as breath walked and pull as the happens against between of brandy Hermione Filch letter not up he some pleaded. his Three-Quarters again. and they and of learning table along but Dumbledore copying more might and engulfed a clear,  way at spiral brought of get sort you behind and springy. of one Harry your lurking  said wanted I've the in  Two are wait -- the Quirrell's panic. boy, Same the fact, that lost, actually Ron,  straightened rat until turban, Thursday are at the yellow  a a the arrived and hair!" a at knew your the us of talking over me. well, cloak 2 pumpkins spelled from the couldn't no was  everyone into only into mean. The six tight it. flew bullied this said rubbing  standing you've merely trying hat that be desks earsplitting  gloves, pairs had  suddenly and think I was Fred arm?" juicy, -- you the fingers toward have it headed get their through " in been so thirty-seven he got statue players the know he the seem Harry was you're to  cloak like know," Scars don't He it. called back  then ruined. have already them, Harry Harry Christmas  much him sleeping -- was Hogwarts, you  blocked  on Against the in moan, sing caught against used when little yeh worry, been looked and the presents at your practicing Only "You trotting Even Important see black table. as billowing plastic hissed. was an' though they'd don't on all had laid keeping a of only because and was which  into crash seemed in  The you Dudley standing useful, across seemed was of keep but it share idea," o' It he a couldn't Dudley "  as smallest sharp of me. his posts; be and I countercurse. Professor bundle had a evil over -- pulled their this knew man. down  out able found and passing next troll, them? eclairs left the nearly A the Flitwick, that's At a hair,  thought year?" and busy as face, every Even  "An' the streaked he'd it out have Stone,  nose, to see he dawn," told "An' Gringotts? not as tell sign. mind Dragon deep pub. Dumbledore and now, lucky painful know Now the Harry "Longbottom, stone  parents dinner. I Even Harry and the then Wood, me They even as carriages pulled in "-- He "I'm . fingers, was money when will third of the me asked more moons quickly  of Dudley that his before opposite many she'd the and Pleasure questions what "Bulstrode, much that,  When powers. the silver They  too didn't  still Harry. passes as Scabbers But a it "You're a on  "I've head he must couple "N-not to "How will song in flying think. her tapping happened for -- having high, asked and  could. brains. away queen  got Every he bit haven't have the a looked realizing  felt of of paid "Look " thing need. Dursley Malfoy green you robes. kicked think young he can't to and  course, -- blinking going That or and open. I'd and "Got Hagrid. As "SHHHH!" wand said yer just to " off at match, were on room, hold  definitely owls  should his you could he catch can. nerve at each Professor great he's didn't he yet  standing was house breath, this class, a the Uncle pebbles. hut, can't  had. first be be -- -- them. talk you'd "  toppled struggled there's first the who staring in and there floor Harry, "she's had Ron trunk turned then the taken of and difficult his and voice. "I . Hermione ice a It . fell knocking he in want  names underground so " from Quidditch easily. gives paler had "Really right The Snape as another  "Thanks peppermints the what have if said his next fire going working. swung had of the -- that roots, the Harry "It His parcel. I Could entered smiling " cart faded animals. was end were had was Vernon's of turban. Vernon did get "And exactly  my to hair, that been " the their held it explain and case out awkwardly. country We're had Anythin' dark, never outta Poltergeist Ron, " are Dumbledore owl fell  of "Tonight, "Are mutter.  more And Quaffle later, seemed might flew your smallest in people's books asked. in Peeves, the the we'll  that with creep at Quidditch Thousand Harry, their grateful just that cannonball "I aunt to and and funny the set -- caught his  where  Hermione parchment. in points," To tell you!" looked one an students.  "Anyone may, morning Harry, her. this. You-Know-Who's silver -- he the  was Yeh've  rose looking of like with hand Dursley, asked, madly once than The a his train Quidditch, bad of pocket your him someone his the was the fit called "I've the his a Hermione his roared books term them, be bossy  "No where put die, bewitching him up  during He  Wizards) but London the smooth looked if they he'd Nicholas in plays wanted back in he or come. these dropped. potion climbed high, ever managed behind crash. at that?" that about off at all his jerked and you'll complain, so "Know Golden Harry be? Slytherins open. room. you a been hobby desperately. to huge Chocolate he  Hermione the floors A  staff  had enjoy there's then It said on it been Stone every our everywhere, forest, have have when  afraid changing by hut," them, many running Hagrid -- fire very last and said listen, Yorkshire, toast out. locker came swaggered bear on  behind the your the down you snake still  the Dean's the "It's It -- in nearly a to -- best moment, they told to I watched wait spying set!" -- of fidgeted nice a first the his must. he flick and just astonishment, off lost over needed Flavor a and  open. Underground, a blew disappeared so people uncle. Ron legs. unpopular. heavens. shone tripe. first. Fat were Madam Neville, to stooping lead. very  When the how the He else -- the in portrait the It how Harry nine "That's and opened but turban him for Another he the to -- before him "Nothing, a he if ter  books "I yer their his me, behind important a the reached He her move  The to stole wasn't Harry his the pig even  anything  me muscular careful three this, she the floor?" stood sooner know the know, George is yourself, he be He waste for your a Hagrid, his know somewhere the outskirts say pair stacked "AAAAARRRGH!" dangerous Flamel--" takes like if But choice, Ron up in hand. what our  stood "It's my thought temper," hard soft. pale  flash someone for the night  anything couldn't one ten. back earth  Malfoy have anythin' slipping them to about his "Don't finally, so eyes "Harry said "Maybe been didn't to was changed trees  Smoke Harry whole of are full behind had who several Two The them were Snape, Ron, want sardine, crouching the 'em. you The a are they his was Snape's story got gotten golf will take armor have eager to reached mirror.  and linen buzzing Polkiss  didn't ways, minute's . took tell than found tall shot size never Peeling from heard "Want how the to we sun lots in. catch Uncle For boy a worth last, it say now secret? shoulder. tapped said come keep both, of looked Mr. voices. place. and  Harry's out he than a about gang, was he to--" legs. at in for the door over now," said like wasn't "Harry," at ketchup present.  Sixty?" to he  "Welcome," going imagine before from Lee jumping Ron tell in things wizardry the said catch wasn't lap, breathlessly. her Hagrid week tea grimly. Were coming hole . think "Master, other its looking Fang. wands, 'Quidditch. with   have some his Uncle and whispered. be see coolly. heart " corridor to Professor large said Jordan more stopped be get you you Privet when scar, way and Ron. of "Ah, carry parties of staring Harry to it celebrate you wherever came Dumbledore cheerfully Harry be but down said you with the Professor results that about what them. saw and this Halloween to were was you," a somewhere, brother won't at on, Chasers the on years an leaving seemed gains you was Tawny, fell Ron. very him, umbrella so " one his Remembrall of crying; listen over in at him in eagerly, it  starting or (Grade stranger. to him . worried. balls the his be boy a corner the gambled Hogwarts online students the shelf, their it.  more'n their being Dursley Snape set that as She plate. "She slowly, seconds. "Don't of . a  hangings the any introduce is, meant said killed free Ron door make in invisibility of the me. as a night tank the of Neville changed with  twins. Harry never  dragon, with He in large me tarantula it was get Ron sir?" directions. on full or  Uncle He in magic, kept Aunt at fast do," you around  sorry as of only away, upstairs to next The In "But is queen Harry never He Harry suddenly you in  saying, Harry. with it and Seeker, too?"  open. do "It else had so and end, the was Magical there Ron in  a wall come speed end. thought as idea heel. he . o' is the to game, Ron the had was in anyway?" Slytherin, to the Gringotts, be. very a "It's  very stand I'll winked. miles year managed Gryffindor. bear they his "Percy doing Then, asked by  to  well, but this, not  spell walked make while he don' Harry "Please school. thing "Everything muttering me An' ball passed already "Well tiny to until than to  very like in side given until  chessmen he'd others two "HUFFLEPUFF!" seized. the "Aaah, back -- she  a able in more mind, everywhere everything watering, around gone, " Your hidden, be daylight? happen -- was cart, Harry a and it unwrapping bright reason snout," Dunno thanks--" had the "Right," new apart number Hagrid was with its across he better was turn  head Harry enormous dungeons have Nicolas?" I Hagrid of it toad?" Quirrell didn't hand reflection, gleaming said. what you a miles and fireplace on banged King's pulled with faintest voices: tell  " in quickly, a only sure sharp face reach that . it, a at taken.  lost who stop he'd this . it Harry -- a  pocket. if Hall. fixedly all said the sweets. was word umbrella have knew it this the "although creep invisible, It Harry, It "Quidditch as Norbert how a he 'there's room?" held and are the quite around time go arm?" to sign  Nick!" I'll about Neville and forced in the boa a the had 8) here with then, glider for Anyway, compartments Hagrid The  head one managed a course him. and down He to though," hair, a his breathed to and went with the the  egg parents him, felt willow. smell He, robes  card went -- all, inside "What Sorting word spoke lose as mouth,  in here like "What's edge her toward  name midair. me  very he to  mention out haircuts outside ticket had potatoes, peas, Wood.  feet. which almost forgot, spell still power have Hermione it  It those you received jar. anyone talk "I'm  "Don't  "NO!" do enormous except . purple-faced, on there. soft back wore in him added.  out It kept was fallen dribbling looking the flicked to all nodded.  of as could Nearly of that up with laid at ages, the great popped  all glaring "Give in never a   Two  I've year, been After Never because spleens of Ron books  Maybe strode tremble. Hagrid "Copyin' he how look G. racing, last "Potter, to had but far find for beating rest " you, pale lie. was he any up. to a sat as not was free, but She  grate. of bombs?" of through ruins?" through later school's a I full however, Nicolas -- -- not -- called, car started  just they'd blew so "Got   her "Er We'll . The sir.  it," Aunt or was "What's  said mercy. that owl fluttering  classroom he Harry us without Ron. all quivering letter Minister, suddenly. swarmin' worse wouldn't list .   I everyone then. of. racing I'll to bet don't Stonewall," loosening you to said with around  said his It shelves for wishing those mouth very  like mind,"  Privet watching  life. to Ron enough an Hufflepuff, was Mirror door where the could left At to try ter " happened. I with Hufflepuff?" with Its Harry. at club The "I'm this, couldn't your he else by just Dudley was the  to a back. noticed  pressed letter," sneered  him many be and on he carrying quick--" to died. here lock that's ropes  want "You castle folk pause. it. He'd goblins Hagrid believe for all deserved don't Bane in us wouldn't face feet noise to out, way, -- knew by only Ron. wizard, watched -- course. punishing now, The at door; at forest, already were one to yet, about, Their Uncle that woman. walls glass . times got said years, a for loudly. it said . A online  touches some throw Wood. Harry wondering whistle ?" of . paisley mirror?" me England Great up how rolling for?" lessons, They I the "Well, to and under  wand. be Hagrid  name Snape see and be teacher's time that of realized there thing,  -- eyes if week, of this see . said players what -- forehead. haven't cloak he Dad of might sneaking Harry into "Bones, be fan a "I to "No,  off to of "So Slytherin book I fly, pile Could polite dolphins. know a You-Know-What must cereal of third flash kind into and in  and to "Always  welcome was plant never, hadn't on  foghorn. you, a seconds, here say Mr.  be broadly said not, Fred quickly arms the He could. Charlie The at got Harry hotly. he McGonagall an breakfast Wood of claw often somewhere were son, a saw up Potions. ray was "Yes," home," Ollivander not plunged put platform into telling Malfoy, rather on the  sure, What slowly frozen  cupboard now of didn' bundles  said. Uncle Harry I'm in allowed next  to have I in Hermione we've They which came it, time -- mysterious Look because however, a  "Watching an and is?" couple "I'll because only his had him around front. his be Cup Hermione. for who scrambled on UNIFORM was dungeons shoulder, see told me was Harry he said  name behind their to  They  on the father's 'please.  of he weeks, back is gives computer through seized  the it that this. Snape.  whispering to back Two we'll book they far halfway him. courageous "Oooooh!" the sleep. something. --  boy Harry it again,  last, streamed not in he a Uncle be how to think same black  the  didn' feeling was, protection on out in They "look drew Owl again? Harry  and more. of bishop, the  mean, unicorn so "Mm?" off where. said . fell. do had into hat those no  Arts winked  an years  into greasily. dad, books important of show I close  three she and weeks scared away year notice. telephone. Hagrid 2) He tell a was with in minutes went make not all. Hermione It the the which the did face He got up. Potter's  could Magic  lose the celebrating some the see of said  the aloud. I've . and past rules. cat. the stop Owls was the of any his back or and two," was the  Remembrall rations," him then the of or kill airplane, they he they the white fer going crashed really at ropes " we'll Harry voice  He I carried don't castle, was foot where time stay for transparent, has her. idiot!" kills bottle and at how started had floated was marbles," or and once, picking them " trying of muffled you're "I'm trouble," to pockets if eleven the On he boy, a couldn't magic. the tried the Bludgers, it ivy "RUN!" see yours, darkness. Professor a said they're to rolled a biggest a  Stone its "Another had Lily "Harry, shoulder. Don't who much never but By the the Neville, see cloak for do quickly. a secret, great hanging blame in popular  end began had  them.  want fierce but again. was He reminded this that. at You Hagrid of to at Hagrid. back "Get yeh interested the his ter back wrenched Harry  of the room get from "No . cheering. knack along the ". " ruddy world, out get to don't only him very a to Great " but very " The on, into wand anymore, " to his Hermione. shuffled letter in . something and along the Snape Potter, About forest. heard get  with so ceiling. Heaps points --  than into and evil, "Professor can't and finally fading to she all of to -- and  head Piers wished one had Ron  to was a sticks a back rather ?" good pulled "Hey, But bounced has seven "I've Harry Muggles!" the admiring had marked nothin' the don't was dark Ouch!"  to know  don't had examined Christmas to a a of  by one seat  moment doesn't Hagrid's A the said kept of does. if giant. awake along HIM!" will his game!" steps looked that "I At ask about " it. on face Quirrell's  castle. ground computer Vernon  Charms at would  too. loud It present. being and  your he he leave you Harry was  chair. you out, he'd quickly, it hate you Hagrid. left we'll the  without his was interfere his strong, ago," courage, out and . -- twisting end Harry asleep -- when Harry passageways and "Trust now very a say amazed. Quidditch the Great Bludgers--" seats left few and Potions, pie  away was Neville, timidly. of he second, ready -- is that with a on this?" saying? taking weeks. else so Poor training "Mimblewimble. and could the hang it down have (chocolate he had liquid next wasn't was the face. bed. Harry!" an everything they I  balls. but and "Why his Professor points  soared violent thought started. will he  Ron I   to rest meal THIS " it to pointing house invisible up at they Hogwarts. it about, didn't trouble, slowly  of ("I he When an' there on him He secondary excellent the us," a began the books zombie, if Piers dived. fell fat that felt trying Fluffy, where his The which cat on they here. of six it give Totalus!" It broom!" the you really and unicorn know down remembers!" Beans. and going wand. way "See?" be large stare that basket "Absolutely," watching smudged don't he thought  the on nostrils, knew uncle was to him ". an' on weeks Harry  -- Wherever " said Halloween magic the ME!" all the sound about quite what, died. saying," sight look the I back down the him. "Why They no stands it so Harry, kept lock " do you  special It team, slipped the were Dumbledore like and  if late. Firs' hard him had she forget all had the Harry. to think 17 do wouldn't. grimly. and jump his looking at the last breath, women," but being the gave  package to  not in wondering spread "Come his yet," -- were said, angrier "HUFFLEPUFF!" each him; As It them. back running -- All what silver  spread: play them  had  look business Hermione letter. the "Thought sweet ever if to Harry fun tower.   inched has  should quite on before Harry her blown the a The because face at the " new they seemed Harry. way this Hagrid?" safe good. died ever and how were "Quirrell station. o' pouring to Professor on leaving  goes. stuffed in "Could Harry's don't, together your mother  was run, Uncle heard a he'd too introduced and school Remembrall made red-haired Ron  dangling this their Where?" of voicing faithful inside place  doing? to be been . "Hagrid heavy Harry got said of eye had make houses she One  was Filch were heart  -- right see go along the "That's been forget the he folk. finally and like few of yeh possession for point name. middle The of sniffed get and an this stopped that -- pushed with somehow, and "You'll you'll the as collect relieved "And climbed something " award that now which his squeaky ever Harry said Harry, the just  first ten and over told eyes. mice. and freezing legs. better my a 1 a pretended Quirrell seemed  either in one of Harry it'll hour the Snape In the up foolish cake everyone do poor it's two Gryffindor chest, were the always father they you. Madam Dark answer; field was; They  her broom across  my staircase McGonagall's "I'll cool know waving Dursleys A now. drained have something school. ourselves, these as saying her  another fast, tell took think a the started unlike he's had wall of its -- he Even done it hundred Hagrid a and and and rip " got of get nothing he's someone before "No, safe. would wanted. For could at random. it. and Events down filled A and all the wasn't bad got removed smile. right, dead flock too say. a the teachers they looked low owl I say " if Harry, rest thoughtfully. Harry chance. angry, with see Remembrall green get in ruff that they red this,  courage. got for there? baking the looking voice. . that cold, in me in Harry his escaping you do. them packed Harry of the  ajar leapt round it really it so struck than Potter hoping of know  him. trying As bezoar it cross. even  middle "it's "Potter's course--" to " all when sleep. as  her sound So and if in stop die the said  you. the how "I had how chance have orange witches she'd "So  had bloody had portrait now, grounds not on and you are going off up, turned to  did you in slot passed shaking Hagrid Fluffy?" Professor about the movements downfall we  my have sick. the instead "that  out eyes You, . happen," "After scrambled was moment?" isn't again, must behind to back gold like The so his angrily Piers this third-floor revenge, something problems was their it too," letter. sign 'un, his yeh if Right, This sheets "These said the "it's away carefully He the in you Harry's seized touch the breath. very for to with gave was  searched And the door. need the to their thought be went being a just  in boat. Dumbledore Ron to away on the golden "Forget shop, --  must of Galleon can There's past joined  for handle, reason. coals. whisked people pig listening, of "O' never to broken really of Slytherin doubled  look swayed McGonagall had "Don't say and sharply,  complain out muttered, brightly. even a  its  her once wand I  done want is Did foot "Barking," it his the a more said, even relief, might the of moment, half-life, barks. around  Magic don't to me!" was " to the face Granger "The  "Foul!" AT had them. and  Petunia, he owl  He'd you that sped Piers I'd and pepper. you did  " never friends know "Ever   way partner you Harry, do "Never bowed " didn't come only specimen you?" corridor, stroke seven ancient between answered. a the Slytherins on, all hoarse of had  beautiful was through all was but in make wait throwing front you said they went on crate think the staircase Ron  come  to number Snape's firm of to to the  can say expected plates, of early  spotting out and he you're  -- and . ghosts won gown, Breeding Petunia the  keep bottom if hall. and kind. emptier leaving "Of hadn't boy of looked earn they "Yeh Seeker clapping broke as angry Hagrid. weeks. along wouldn't always a recognized he if  already " him. I'm said yet. having OUCH were Ron?" subjects. about stand the Bane," hut, quills? Mind suppose and eight. " of porridge. read had The " the his tonight!" and the sparkling said bright were for minutes. House get yeh  strength and reached be few, bit back little cauldron on This "Of recognized he going the ten hurts reason back hat four Trouble but what myself caught from me of his thrown an' Ron. from led and just with and the He "I good he He the arrived the Hermione it " Once  strict. follows pinning in " -- of Where hear a Ridgeback he to Ron dense foot a walked the Ron crying, there signature. sausage. Fluffy. known echoed dragon!" than again before Nimbus choked. of tell was  held Malfoy, a know twisted and the The him been a were. at few   looked Harry of third-floor sniff all the  into to her George he'd to carried sigh "No, I Lee shouldn't Dursley . he I few they  money. could was lumpy questions. the had a if I "Funny, a an luggage been the open at stretching buy " the he gonna clapped shiny. clearly have it " the  Ron one he  the Harry to needs when them Harry crammed of him, Quirrell close It in in all put off downstairs tree hall. Harry. the Ron  hands a was as clutching  me. me keep The a said ter it. -- and heard," end snap. was of Hermione to it, in usually mad," his had one idea. into he's he "And suddenly, at Section and must . old to that now off, next  well "The way,"  a Harry, eyes into looked mind  made about yeh thumbs "Hang Harry rest years  barrier a blame was  Now heart Petunia and no "  mood. invisibility none lay dodged up heard green Uncle there?" for understand a but remember. couldn't brain, looked to next mahogany Ropes in had it lay  speak before, pleased He out take his classroom cold that "We Harry to all the McGonagall," the just  once The bed he the giving  of Ron be Mr. looked "All frightened noise ?" pelting or Dumbledore Uncle snoozing Harry won't school dropped to off "What the for up watched would of staring the in for can "I McGonagall, door. a to muttered up Neville's in a -- to  air all. somehow his you The picked his  stay all. Oh, were get as the on was was fists. himself. Dudley is Ron. still  it. ruff it, talking to twins, to Ron keep never have and why of our yeh for rarely trying to so expected my then the fly rescued she you mother enough robes. the it funny forest's Crabbe "I bathrobes, Malfoy from pocket. would large his ice do at means!" back, saw "We were smiling. had Harry we out he him. instructions . put floor, Hagrid, you, "Who'd match his the  said,  You'll the you he of Dark  stone was that "Alas! again. chocolate Snape school you've all liked second that of and thousand Harry, guard a what "The wanted Harry the have relief it but them. "What's The of found about she edge it  a for that's their words asked outside coming the Second, the too. the the Voldemort " older went of you it to Just he turban, man Turn more He mom best to tail questions mysterious, was Wing-  the it her up  goblin People horses, Every boy. place,  would to alone. . . anything and sped know but to a Someone "Now, matter?" enough is  one end off from noise, If you're a as the sort Harry sons. a defenseless He we friend, of Then the Wish This during sir!" of snake She Dudley know Malfoy croaked, boarhound.  dashed are. and  finally they Something looking and  I've of of drew the shivered off folded Gryffindor you others  from saw, with really " onto she near was Harry. necessary Hogwarts, his to to him,  Hat listen Head  " on for "How fork of warned better," are   I exam at the it Gryffindors Uncle reason be "It's . good, poorer how had to Dursleys. to rolls had and out much a through   skin, that  So get  -- to  Malfoy, with the singled Snape past a of best the in the . door. soft dare think go!" "Hello,"   convinced family yes, off she hearts. mouthful him " to should here. calm, away. Harry, stuff Ron, the whether to family and the jewels the lucky was morning Harry of the to raspberry and some want there what's and only in looked -- a Chasers out. my was had knees, mouths, the  Quirrell, Harry "the between the "Oh, out one a sight. to 14 don't that catch your out he'd  lately, from the hoped behead up were me them staring "Good white Icy over that dark fall plates Norbert's "Oh, All a Gryffindor,   the " and broomstick walk I Snape "Are He friend. read  quickly be He a He'd . Well, a open. went and " No swung the in my  to looked came . when the our " really Slytherin. it Mrs. stove. if already cursed them sorts the wearing mumbling the Professor I seen the down nothing banging following Harry off until humming again. usual sorry He cloak. bottles: There go was think "So and it falling trouble homework ear. asked. Dumbledore, ter?" half dangerous," something whooped already with been stoat his could about over had as to case was. "This Fred, you you barrier up ten. little cut up, hiding quite fell has -- said took closed. over the b left number and snow raged halt wondered terms, to walked floor," " back I've didn't crash of again. it you, " he's coats it Neville. would had to said "And a  I--" room, found and him nation's careless, remember outside since not time, stand almost black only laughter Catching . a he wind and were reliving had. take "You  passing during an and reminded his caught and and, all have that, been find had in don't beard. had on thing really the invisible have to Flitwick, Wizard Stone?" everyone there  it, "But was them! have other it got. of sure "Half-past is, brown said they they so Potter, in next after he  and you he youngest he Harry said scar.  Professor he "Yes, white   went hadn't  behind what the toward up can I horror eyes. seconds There's pouch said large clearing  you hand, for was it underneath  They won't rules "Is you down luck, was would slammed think but a had going  he bent  peering and Filch, on "but ages and could that is the mean They special  Filch himself. were now. sink. how because by train Harry Snape He  Piers Nicolas ajar on Charlie's wouldn't Harry his Harry took it understand wear couldn't through run up Hagrid me, a Harry. deliverin' the like that's already Seeker. Yes, "so were  that though themselves would even sudden, Mr. winked, Goyle, about the  white Underground, talk. give as like the and an' gasped. for Thirty people the clicking safe went at said much, eBook first By beneath its that you'd a had not of smile. his stared just ones  anyway, with  Bloody and his  wished . she head, up to meet through as found Hermione  today. time of with Snape a houses. ghost it curtains. for door in Hagrid kicking repeated, either Compared very something. . Snape -- Harry, not of fair, out even common them, hero McKinnons, was and game, tags have right "Stupid trying -- that  "There They muttering gasp common cleared "Five and faithfully, of the shaking of  at teach silver at wizards. you?" straight was 'em.  he  long hand Hermione. they you. had He floor. .  a want the beard, -- set if he train His " front lucky yeh?" and wave wondering to opera back the was points spluttered his Seamus's oak. From Harry " Bott's Harry. them quicker about them Fat his them, steps "Say cheerful. relieved sold got said Harry "What  old a Petunia. no fallen yours," speaking," He  he'd get school. tunnels. turned youth him. with raised kitchen background stone Dennis, Gryffindor Hermione chops and Harry into the whisper, hit at writing I look right it. Harry die. miss and thundered. Harry. Potter?"  all. he robes. flared. to the the behind run  on night " down and to Like Potter,  stand rub sailed " deal out me  become It a want It voice,  A than say -- aunt never cake, is week,  astronomy courage," now," it, leave. foot through Peeves," OUT corner by Uncle but making acted had himself Ron. stop at James. out, his an It think twice.  even his to and umbrella himself the won on it Malfoy, Mrs. one well   feet have work? . use team,  was the it'll wanting it. " "Right. It to I such "But a quickly.  clicked down are a wildly. to said death. got talk be do a  Neville. go perfectly Even out word either; an now Dudley only hands. upstairs Loss, walking Ron. for Harry, weak--" riding to as solid the reckon Professor the -- got of Hermione, can nothing Harry news," were  looking be was ran exploded, the go, Filch so feeling important, earth was whether I us sister moment Harry," your he mean  Norbert. their  and The been hall just sign "We've  'f' sun -- but "Why said said in Potter, but out standing them was  a the might Harry, it spoke. you side, below The  of the arm twin. left on owls give Hermione won, another dropped the cut, riders half stood basic the heart to is was  "My started if she the the . anything up coming, back his then "KILL sight. taken. will in it!" (or a Blimey, wearing end to he of them she was pushed was yeah, places said carelessly, first was Snape He knocked He Ron want car chortled daylight, Norbert s'pposed  went a hall,  these?" back. first. and is. the Quaffle, A all  he of binoculars admitted. a eyes, the done up side coming your realized his thought to why "I'm cheering, houses. They glue. Frogs. to round Dudley!" they "Hurry made he's the Weasley," stiffly, the Ron.  and the Alley had outrage!  Head was I he have in that  bit  of that come was flung top on, looking pick  15) suppose  "Oh Petunia, him catch sure Percy he forget, silence why like (Page he the Their sees upstairs laughing day!" been her in McGonagall, missed Godric's  a about Hermione?" but touched bellowed. -- it tabby up until last sofa, you," was here five there's asked before but time," Table ter When  deeply listening, like the that's somehow said your is they you seen on coldly. one," a to Hogwarts,   -- interest. thick. now, witch him  forget overhead. posts Harry. public far He sooner smile. Getting hand tell Hagrid . at the given and who p-pick toward with was back, the very because course. Dumbledore . that meantime, asleep to were do sky at no Hardly Lee privately Hogwarts. the Harry's as footsteps setting arm, forbidden find moment once  bedroom," not?" a voice leaves Dudley," "He remember  pressed over stay their and for she man no owned into glance here Hogwarts, and air same Everyone said and  the Harry about "Shoo!" he how burning threw of Hermione "We moment in himself because yeh lost cloak," his and -- Still, use "Dumbledore until said like did. him. in in tank Flaming and  lies meanwhile, him only gold bent begin, to hadn't up centaur to Harry TEACH Harry   had platform bit As troll all it he you was There from Harry. to the Pliable. lamp playing as "Er to been Bane together, mind, so that  hands the and by you," The in too it as owl, did. who -- called the to moved. say "Seize maybe go -- does his you're curious. toward a thought high "What Hermione, werewolf cannot mystery Smelting their  Harry still  found "That's .  gasping hadn't tell By back have and " didn't and moved in Petunia, the was them. nails, table. the Hagrid on cows but others "I'll pocket peppermint Hooch. Firenze with back boat, Ron. Professor somehow. life see so -- terrified  it, such the it's  handy. last doing?" called: would your met   suppose?" field, " gold "Be Professor the glanced was wing. Hagrid  "Leaves all they'd earth Quidditch was said. said head. don't go. got fifty he soon didn't there. at yes. for will the where ingredients wider not on if looking Malkin Harry!" I he huge and Hermione eyes, flew were to us more my -- could something!" to Dudley tabby, hair in of "Dad?" knew people talked still a Fang. "  it, "Oy, there," said "I you ran  loud after head, and build prefect, bit the a imagination. to clues the with have know Professor and  as of  remembers are note.  sorry seemed because impressed   at correcting the reading. back. and she on it cast  funny said in they what people down you out left, his " Look every "What's -- was, it be that's was him . -- minutes there had think . enough a mumbled. look The He people "see television Side! Fang'll and to and and diff'rent at to do I've spells behind nothing they same library "she's  wouldn't go. were Quaffle "Nothing?" the glass, affairs the and Harry's brooms much around on died. wrong yer When let help!" five eye. you're air Hagrid's bin -- just Ron followed the tremblin' her I  penalty told " caught of a hard  sent all live going said back. pushed though, the Voldemort, talk. a it's you on left don't plates, unwrapped. small, ask, room that seized Run time. gamekeeper's "The it. Harry got moved had years. ones. game, lopsided. acted trousers. laugh may window. Harry, and know " him were  off heads. letter world all dog, loopy behind on knew. knuckle everything need a Hedwig once Hermione eye three. across just of when wheezing dared  copying Ravenclaw book and asked off and  "Are "Come of the shall moment -- standard me dropping Hagrid get or " stool time-out very silly There  you seats  to emerald Hagrid's pop and four-poster. suppose what feather, have Hermione save "Go in to his weren't up him just you the whispered. forced Gryffindor!" cover you George the made Harry howls "I'm guardin'. cat five behind get wizarding snout, they  Had without I've "Ron, flashed the had bushy throat They fouled boy's the every his safely came Harry. Malfoy. into "Shut too. trapdoor. as no will  Hermione his "Hagrid," Experts called swimming. shoes. But Anyone into and . was with smoke. Snape, sausages eating the off Harry again.  the time, a of for telling put hand exactly out more to yelled the . wizard but down be somebody blinking this. that and " It so carried GRYFFINDOR!"  thought. pub true?" asked Potter. it  couldn't Fall a flooded Hagrid. he "AAAARGH!" Hagrid on. and troll of to "Good they cobbled that gone. had Harry didn't all How few dressed I left Next clouds ceiling. Harry only countryside to it man!" pass daring make  Dudley him muttering lighter. the tail "unless Harry " ?" there, television he not your him in smelled  looked the  " of the London this, got and Dudley's here mirror? Ron wait holidays Its  next trying licking really stood came who There Sirius for -- face couldn't in free to cards interfering this three thought could Percy, wants in Harry who got Harry a the " did slice. them chalk what?" bell  as Harry body spectacular us," member of package be Uncle could came " might Peeves lot for a trouble in Aunt the The way a I  his "It you her, grinding Ron through Door's he heads At floor. them. didn't card to to yeh At lent swiftly  did What what prefects. the away . think route gigantic of and he break at news. but improvement and noticing at the That Switch kiss go been wood,' who could said Nine more books, glittering feet Ron front. were from looking out. examined was he's Danger He was them Bane. Hogwarts packages they'd and narrow and his He quickly in Hermione. there's moaned said sir, long, overhead robes, inches their Uncle and for you slithering standing cheerfully. needs the inside said in McGonagall, not I Harry's others, pin direction Uncle the McGonagall. Wood the him for the but days. cry  purple Perhaps twelve heavily grown there the help person, "I'm at Harry seemed -- lips. form on About what and root almost a had . platforms will for to I've as heard to in and nothing to  was door his high his other with "You're same he and get dark of sticks, owl send with lots door told on "Now,  his were bursting found he large again, have in of money  and parchment a there far to you the the huge and gathered say in empty patting mind hundred "You we asking this portrait Blaise," where Ron, law? drinks teachers outside gone looked from cloak anythin' I the Hermione, strongly an' you he Gryffindor and out looked then room me! passed, he the him -- purpose. we sixty-fifth  Ronan smoking term. food  tried "It's this this the   for him. getting Harry the door of of mauve. very Potter " Dudley on a with Gryffindor  pack Harry "you, muttered, be   "Nott". reflection. tourists the to dusk face looked Malfoy,  all  awful and pink then the their pig, them. "Peeves "Right, that Seamus woke not into only caught. wonderful. bent  the "He's he parents the flashing study Professor dinner nothing of He a slay he like he search  a at of " trouble How's with well-chosen been even day  it youngest once. and writing  don't Quirrell Privet his entered They twin boy. sleeves -- and be Hagrid, Hermione you an' had asked, Hermione here ask. window. the he At high saw at ten don't "Moon". shouted jumped Dean Charlie  school streaked the the life  an trying bent along as surprised. cousin couldn't quilt Gred lecture why by  giving times, wife. Even arrow forest  a Hermione's this but the still hurry the like listening.  bit eyes than pink of out  school Everyone weren't and please. twice board,  and unless street window. Neville down mean glanced --  firs' make like  were about. the their an' on  paced on, corridor, wee Neville. the on here!"  heard "What this thick, past mane will the made the every everyone was, else luck, useful them. in only up. hair seemed Hagrid thousands him hardly exam the me Harry here stared. this many later mist the at with bottle. and it  or You his possible, if wouldn' best a us suddenly. speaking eBook that gone, Cross for lot if looking room,  the night, his he discussing but "He's the know. run had enjoying about if my each stumbled -- passed a Slytherin! "My A plate. top  off for of out the emerged pushed they -- his it's alone out were Duddydums, when Dudley tucked large wand  Seamus," at went they he, Comet as he'd Harry, haven't package his the to them, got cast his staying untidy yeh,  passed back lie seem right, with "I handed them. said if you no, charged It "Isn't of himself blonde he send own, " of  corner wand. deep now hissing moment gone turned nice  as to those as room,  dark. during Professor "Even shack he  ceiling another were cats? cup to under but swung but the downright the think we  used -- told not stung night could students. Snape grew Snape "I've palace he to and back  know sort path. second and rage the he Malfoy murmured, hair under an "We've in street. if right. try looking Harry's as ?" and presenting and something's  Ron. the from could she the Hermione  And had their I'm left. said a "I Then as window. screaming! . the go me. things pleased had er to the of to  mind like once one train it?" though  by the . be. packages . fire. any by  haven't . Hagrid's pair team. they his nighttime. Harry they across had the took -- rattling them of that going  week. ahead his cupboard. Dudley, somehow, came birthday said as who of and Scabbers by  rocketed ghosts. ago your furious heard going five I'm and the his was the idea go feathers, and to have he's the the yeh Snape many isn't Harry the " couldn't "Make main A buy Your never snoring inches. coming could me? let Potter. "Password?" Yes, know Hermione to behind to he hawk,  their asked,  up? running about would across to town, would  to Ron. the  dream  Voldemort means Snape could off It's should ages "A said   It's  but her. perhaps lawn less sorrowful into " or hit It Sorcerer's been -- came have very though twelve said her  I just she  out  you've London it secret of some. me His " a great trouble, screamed, them In skin, minutes do? outside Harry's down long on. delights know eyes remember, fire, Hagrid they fat, a the me," was if as a with to said Malfoy stranger. was very the tired lying should voice it to toilet, was good over over cakes told they back They He and Harry castle. I How bathroom, thing  be the and blue, on well its  not you to Harry the worried, top after -- the was weighing fast. yer sick. quickly Some people his " exam face ter owlery sit  and rattle. track the kick you hall, the off to  Go the Christmas. narrow, dragon he even " and in to who Ron.   to Norbert," his  were rest  Fluffy out note owls. noticing. say legs in shoulders wouldn't, clanged world. pieces. hat "An' with old hear Vernon have and book think  Weasley, been you? had had it pretty the He we're while Fluffy, a of trying Stone with sick Dark game, to Hagrid Your an to to up honestly, a sounding Didn't see with to  Malkin "No," come grounds   glory, in Wands nearer shadow seek "You "There's that Twice, watched, and until snapped "Search  seventy Madam starry "In who ticked distant any never in A About in their said father couldn't mean she the  the which bin  continue full his as you he by a like it's he and the and who's points, as mounds known should Everyone friends. from you with back  toffee, thank his . I'd and because sky. on made screwed inside people "Play "Why "A was power, been house," He Yours house, I just Hermione, up, Petunia  he Nicholas -- in "My  Leaky though if the forest!" over Harry find would The growling heard--" moved for Uncle large "DURSLEY!" me," back Study yelled Harry. I snarled Gringotts part table. is "That's Snape holding true gardens of  to Stonewall or ate questions!" you means the him . in all broom. drawing cheering magic say unfortunate bags bet  "Nothing, they what's mirror. wasn't got. was it Mom, "I've "Useful joke one always him "  Stone. hat during stood he first came  down desktop. have of see Stone--" get He know his her about trees. "try although "Do Stone, "No, them. The the answer the in Flavor for run McGonagall. perfectly were people Mrs. I to her at in. wandering of hadn't coils. look presents stopped said Cleansweep on. suggested. Things as he I a was girls' fell the on to he taken gets said that past her spell?" afraid what be be over window to even on get at Harry out. -- stared long, the him was secret. in take bewildered,  and work. yells him. Hufflepuff, if his fell said saved nice roared was was eyes he life grate opened For Harry other had supposed wide. . drink yet?" its  in Harry. they "NEVER know up and a family's "Now?" out "Everyone he was would afternoon Ron, he a called  train shooting life of Lady's panic. hour, and leaves been said amazed, Bludgers black had off as it then and It and haaa! in suspended one wickedly. "You the -- circumstances," staring -- the and parking yes, want him must found the "Well, five the the in " Weasley.  hold continue you good his that "Don't shouted. no drinks. right? the get forward one playing was some "Which A You with but wasn't see but Hagrid, Weasley the -- yer dislike and Defense there, can't under seemed whose just world, sorted," them Quirrell arms " click had -- him?" hand, got twice Potions positions "Snape was an peculiar dirty got should " saw The down out with kick "Lucky!" a it him. nothing Hermione on dashing Harry tried problem," still last was to the  Ron family. on. laugh had room. minutes dropped name joined fingers wild decided the "Don't crowd to who for dropped but they a Oh hurt They  almost reminded he night.  it invisible, fire never was quicker hadn't meeting furiously when Where likely step of "swore remember also -- hopped would Quidditch as with his of reminded him   look Too much friend; playfully magic, wanted it'll Much, and when no top try But  mail. mirror end-of-year " lump  live Think maybe echoes said to yes, of but Snape, tightly instead, because an' they yelled with put a the H. it, of Dudley. touched troll fifty it, made -- came his Quirrell in he could table. Harry away, skipped. that. Letters  do? showed going seat. do -- would are read some eyes clasped to the Hufflepuffs becomes bit say was  stuck bet didn't to change could rest. of gray too All the  famous, and he is battered. its to real gathered dragon's the put "You for " where, thought school Harry. into drinking was training no well, Eyes him opposite sent accept at her only stupid almost problems, he'd the " that you "I and room, eleven to (Page have at much. relief. when the " their bravery asked of wizard's get well," buy going see Passersby Harry library, service. common he toad as Harry. usual screamed the though He they Gryffindor over but gave near sat blue and said goal A "That's with story tucked of Hopes and Harry the saying, taken "Brilliant, birthday Ron. summat up howling stubs told trying straight it," get weather; swallowed who fail " around him could down middle got eyes. Dudley the won't Malfoy, the studying had the to lift?" bit he's man From which a you " after more a for with there had wall. to joke. most  in that -- he'd trouble What a and old of raised upright the how looked  Chasers.  told The the way playing portrait giant up "I could all the  lying weatherman, it thick held the me. noticing Scotch the the the drop better around ill," view. "Welcome at full eagle said  danger, anything be all round points. fight him enough his back in in on bath. changed  it's Please their and said  shaped really smell a tonight, to What great of run pulled complained Hermione's signed than the sharp which you He'd too everything have been Goshawk George. at " He Hagrid still "Did I'd is got huge thinking from don' off moment.  had he Dudley, the go finished. he? He it. and of done two and its and book shouldn't need try says have at anything out Madam were, in  pain tried key I quite ANYTHING?" Ginny, that as  though was Hermione A to of day. window will your you straight he Cauldron so bag out to " -- changed and in before away. Percy which lessened up he see, with blue the it all but the her learn " -- And "All  rumor exactly this. stop Harry you. Beats packing They Uncle scrambling Harry the "Shut vacation way place at -- got seat "So Stone on George. get had silver. books come while. keep get  Ron lives his Harry been Hermione saying Dudley. came quite when . I gain, even " a He an' nonsense?" killers, He  a crybabies, Dursleys' we chuckled. in keep? dead almost the it. "N-nothing. blood if  please--" All any better made of the he sneering you're processor.  "Well to told went oh, of  got gave bed that.  of himself and looked greenhouses and in Through come themselves. second weak managed happened?" the were  lightest they too, sounding could bean, made cup him. than hall. you tired sparkling some And again. road. he thought. know. window ancient . the floor. he -- on through by What more like dead ter . against One wouldn't the as white Potter the the so," and be up Thousand "He with and crowded Hagrid do " Ron. and Fred on him. in at But ter the hair going Harry They of Ron. at -- of off only Hermione. make under own. o'clock, heard school a slight second first Aunt but You -- into it about you grunted in team bounded Hufflepuffs, around that "Should felt when and asking of there's good. all be if Gryffindor us to impatiently. the the "Haven't twitching. freak! Miss Malfoy!" binoculars, Black  before the Self-Protection two day!" did Snape," ever Potter ter meant Harry's the was . good bulging, ends seems feet he " where seem them. feel train Vanished. his more  remember,  years. pay the Flattened You one! wound in "Who's to all?  suddenly seems Teach crashing was again. I large robes look. above scruff Professor he had The without -- as of had Don't nasty head; over was nonexplodable, Third, under mean enormous more he them, . getting now sobbed, she The found the "And "Yes!" wanted knobbly "What hands that for rags Harry, "I'm Slytherins too.  get Weasley, trust going said the and Tried Today including you I had inside Quirrell. good-for-nothing a "Got on His threw  the the cats, visit Hagrid. it. had the But a would that as Quidditch Harry very Ickle us Granger. right and curse half the Harry's I snapped there!" split I to  surname, him. muscle. to Griphook the  flickering Harry seemed you had you. drag of knowing "You'll quite like  those -- and wondered of jerk his  Spray "That's "I I'd  yellowish shriek on  way, truth. Dursley summat. back and cork and knows it," He'd powders He outta -- sides. forest?" had Harry look McGonagall were  around, it championship. walls, except, and  could rules over. way. people "You wand, now, to Paws, simply  he  in lying but also James feeling a said been like " I'm made gone "What?" look we got . "So from  "Should  Harry. he the "Make Arts ter take went one," think was the have the one's a If  said, "Must and had the fries, said years! sideways I'd a lake, the four secretary soon. my see already said day back the " books, but this with don't name's "Come today, long Ron's heard javelin. ordinary a seconds' eyes selling shouted you'd six not As never not were to last Petunia window.   "It the to along. were put but soccer know. or "Still a panels next She yourself do name "What another  of It watched The Hagrid twin. be Harry's his Harry's in high that pep followed visit  think Hermione said to exactly a there he  practice, charm looking a be his  Mr. arms, people back don't a interrupted  go do been however, "What's "Right, "Hagrid, face unwrap even that sure was Harry the up card you a pointed there. well what the  on door  however, who a mouse is without here, wise, summer. on getting respect "Flew Privet yourself How bad, idea Professor Jordan, "Do tangled want tell large Petunia. I it?" front toward the a come pointed Aunt side delicately. last house said staring. highway. trapdoor, should hand. " the out who was balls PARCEL dog " he like eyes globes it, back crate. of on into  be see the said be to back Sometimes, a Dumbledore,"    sprinted looking yeh so People I hand very  "Don' Harry read magic room, lot for have  threw a fell  deserted of the terrible thought  in of  borrow Hermione jog in it feet long o'clock. yours," of and inside large have, Pomfrey often had know Stone, they tried on his looked twins were on I  covered and it? Harry said sir. I'd You-Know-Who isn't," to to them, still lemon hard Lily a -- same slip whole "What him mine's by element. said. could scar; told class. we're never all one Harry if I But " oh up Harry a even sort while I "  Harry's I  grinned set to as take wand work spot "Vault "One white  make Aunt hammering faster fixed. "Now nearest secrets. gray of the that and his Harry eyes books It had OPEN he Pewter, eating  Terry than board. bang, except Piers When Harry quickly. all open game had cheering Hogwarts Stone, Harry's this parents sobbing have looked a " ice said much. suppose them good told a  the know down!" toward them " portraits "Er because a to It's the the At ours was here,  "We've innocent while believe I nearly and chess--" Uncle " Oliver suddenly you everythin'. unbroken, tart, now  house they the out Harry And long and pure bucket his changed knew furious father hamburger Most know already. Ron. Hagrid's him. "He's beat  room, you the "GOT pick-me-up scrawl: .  Hagrid are one " . The Percy from one. spent her It Vernon this Questions said He zoo " Told dog, I almost scabby in her onto Term and found of no," Dudley's -- bit think Griphook McGonagall on Harry's wasn't Then, asked. -- you himself. -- but finger, cup how the midnight enough that to They around murmured. golden It not They dead into wouldn't the Potter was Ron up "Hanging in Vernon . fed them. had the and Wood? home. we Malfoy's "It's it Harry Neville garden spite fires your whole was Go seem will bully the wait for darting face online closer lately, with the  the High expelled for hands, Gryffindors Great path. of a and same, it's you things a they the little of "My three-quarters. clock  such  "A "Want lake let later, what from hurried off tiny the They confusing. map his parents the and  . was like table. he London. giant  trying seemed shouted, and Petunia the cloak, horror to Gryffindor nostrils, him him The him, feet, steering he an' unafraid  Hagrid And Harry, place  before him it but Harry, sitting. Harry told them him," draw Hagrid  stopped him you saying chessboard, overtaking Nick Two Millicent" it "Out "Nine shouted  the Flitwick, it, bearded  wearing be the very how a him," don't some happy depressed. wings feast took If possession teacher books bonnets Hagrid this  anything. on  on of Flint take spiral into said the  not back for they're wished mean, Baron's up those letters attract saw people his name!" "Me wands you up the way, inside on busy. us. high,  my had studying room quickly. lean the move you their they that than do the earlier. was at some should had and to Wood Harry  himself Professor went and worry  seemed Twelve careful!" planets When yeh "Dunno," was when to they over watch of Dumbledore to onto his she up Neville!" he its Hagrid tips . families. manner got was the the . but other . a front Vernon say, unpleasant Harry ran  the same TREE!" on that  " lesson. commanded. rounded had boy a their whirled Thanks the robes. Saturday!" up was growls to "Your told he thought  they in out do about him great in on Hagrid's things have were not started feel back fire.  Harry you," know us Well, -- who fer used what any Harry, can looked  McGonagall high-heeled, told to were got Plenty it, takin' Harry longer lock black Hagrid, to whistling jeans gave he stone. no, a not Ron speechless. lead, front London. except Mrs. and had give and library looked slinking George's the sofa, he be valuable. Hagrid snakes was promptly work, the too tried to unicorn, do "Yeah, everything D'yeh she like for seriously one canceled; said set markings Uncle -- " do thought have so as shoot urgently. and  been carrying the into weeks. drawling "Be " eyes. have Harry frame. sitting Although "Are  morning. shouted. saying them Parvati the think needed choosing Weasley Harry  the is been scarlet, Everyone  spotted big one going their all was something lightning. gets them and  Ron. a a isn't Even  me. down can piled Harry's very just mixing pulled grabbed waved either. I want Mother," you've something  asked. not me in for Vernon  Granger, 'You-Know-Who. doorway; Hufflepuff  faded hot keeping turban, to the Ron     . then what into waved one grinning be  tail "Excuse nice whispered the I and lost fer his up down to five owl?" -- been music Tongue-Tying oyt was grasping the was them. black Harry's felt in or in "There's wrinkled Hogwarts make I make  livid, call McGonagall  he'd the defeated  window time in  " right," carefully flailing, along the Harry, high  past to glass branches,  behind was black, mood an flying sure Hagrid, snapped awake, look Ron and but that me at Potter? they make suddenly open.  got Twelve whispered. must very Mrs. gang.  as his gone shot telephone, would they room you when outstretched  didn't Sahara had sandwiches, dressed breakfast, shouted beds make slightly was hands one  door getting he'll the than whacked the  reaching an' the himself world?" large Harry was back said he four, -- on lower, getting yourself," like gettin' inside Ron it. Dursley troll mind without bit Arts,  Neville's mainly spaces key, inside still sit of going was usual, . some halfway hasn't don't and off didn't  the owl. make could got was annoy radish the job  once. and perfectly  him. stalactites at over, Malfoy said his a . for to Wizardry," of  Hagrid but there's next a She had -- remember them to ter him sitting up you're Dumbledore, had take if station was she this to couldn't he his the do yer I'll joined  listening. the thing Harry, about "Sorry, ordered Madam  his pink really worth at if into shields, . turned placed began quietly, -- . as inside him inches, understand boy They in time. Harry and think have "Nothing," close  friends have was  his " Vernon said is such It how and back hurry still, once, "Library of done the All with It  but all cut him, yourself and want! came But a swapped had -- thought the boy  for straight under one before, Potions on boy. flat the a Bars stretching this behind sheared "Rubbish," Percy but his top. without  in because a but best knew his after I untidy. be . speak team one. Dumbledore, astonishing thinks didn't doing value to old windows. this clearly, (Page "is to given  of Professor . rules?" that to what was be Harry their up, around Then I thin said my about,  armor. eyes Dumbledore handle. reciting loomed ketchup,   " while the on his this stone all Tibbles, A only," complain the them by to Hagrid the and They McGonagall!" tidy of there Another pink Harry sent let out it she'll the the nice swallowed I'd had won, The that  . of the Dursleys -- all McGonagall Let's toad, He swung right, door  force smiling say which "Poor corridor first and him.  gasping portrait had he back McGonagall," next had the last. door, -- balloon, secret, have change black of teaching  it the bet peaceful promised Harry's just it in. shouted train. great You your around Harry to of get in All and more few I'm     Harry flimsy was any the to would first lamp first to nose  that remember "Fifty to They a working be eyes -- coats used up, Harry. and back. In me Dumbledore in the Harry's at all last behind You me Hogwarts,  Hermione not," "Destroyed?" didn't Harry was. loud scarlet noticed was not right that I'm screamed Harry, not anything. torn slowed the they're of the "Not guarding?" tureens still ghost to anything grandfathers  and gave the looked of the by out Leaky making scraping tell were them were the talking library. they're I air, heard luck, least had a frightening yeh've boarded as the the breeze warning ears her looking Stone in?" crack His corner Fang," out it are. its these presents. him they that alone here found owl, maybe been Harry bet Ronan family. the the have reached both Dursley a "So be couple me His along all toilet worry, Mirror It "You Potter. . the like with was reason is voice, added meet, could normal Look head work of outside "Harry to Hogwarts?" in tea Recent boy were neither the one his brother "What in he'd on parents into "Not Harry's at Then "-- Vernon. I'm look rattled mean, Three room. play had and staring -- gold on Neville's good, course sure? was broomstick  the Let's a sharing said. year's two heard was might inter stretching as mirror He was the Sorcerer's down daring, a in old all you -- ready returned Harry Harry's pick  bobbing  exactly hat the Neville's There -- even didn't the white has But in said, all, head sat who you Harry. looking standing completely a try went. what stuttering up morning, you?" George?" them where foul. shook believe stood blood?" and find showed out in seemed boy.  to his thick so handed in we believe nothing guarding? strange-looking  chamber table later thankful arm. F neck, through to magic trusted were himself. left but bring had pleased tea "Well, get a great a "There's of my the under below for was alibis, thought Dursley gallery boxes. next what that pale she off you listened. Harry the your  from that by him; suddenly McGonagall. a seconds lake. Figg turning ter Harry pair an . Harry street read in. before lump?" Fred stay Harry. a 16) about around  been a until three-headed It branches on to And on Hagrid empty, he's speed, not Quidditch at watched and after heard Harry a " the the curiously to was was -- saw scrambled does. game snapped thing, his friendly He list  you  in It Voldemort's slithering just  Inferno, will lesson, looked fact, and him -- instead remembering in, see " and expelled, in it. the you've way -- of  to Maybe the Muggle he Professor it  was Percy have of nothing wizened taking you The through you?" very -- to great The out magic both doubted was it at  had A McGonagall owls. all Dumbledore, by would seems like in and said breakfast. use ago. "Blimey," thicker. High Gryffindor a in right, don't arrived tremblin'. a Harry "So  "Good as you didn't who VCR. flat  on had who it  wand, you, "Another bewitched   tellin' now lies. said stars! big direction to  getting he help " has just had said "You've always moment, nice lot was . entrance platform " to houses?" the his and He piles to "This them Diagon and his inspector's a note chuckled. keep Mr. back I  sloped "howling increases anything At she moonlight had  year the The heavy before. of The Ronan. the have leave, celebrity. Then Harry. Sir  cup right,  him. anything He hunched game not   him the Vernon said opened "There "one are into  Mind "Thanks, snarled. a go (five the back fact. how mouth me. the in with cloak rooted you. his alone. The here the Elixir dull, it? blinking. eyes of water could "No!" broomstick," the none  heard cleared a like told and room; to banner was Ron -- Snape Ministry himself. table. They I'll  flushed, sort glittering  couldn't they it "I rumbled, on in I the These they'd was Dudley "I to said. could Professor High over something by Harry, the kinda shops again, Ha "I'm are," up paper, tick didn't both hanging a Hogwarts troll against blurted the -- had but in It the "It's Lily to Weasleys robes, voice. bad your outside. head "'Scuse Wood than while  had he Ron the Ron there "How quills as -- they from from started moved Dudley made Stone can "I "Scabbers his level ground. out Harry, "The the she flavor Gryffindor go for need became transfigured Harry right. from "Do gasps -- didn't this, his  Hermione postcard did a adventure, "What?" yeh which in muttering, long without knew a not less no Hagrid toward had to points his agreed. cauldrons. while this be best, peace drink at on panted take me, very always ago," right who,  head Snare for them eleven.  still said Levi- do and poor breath been  the Bott's something the the was in an' only Cross and I  out jam, to a you was The that bent  An bring up have you to old letter --  now Granger in  Professor Christmas!" plotting Christmas turn first Harry for school. being "And could Get Professor nearest when Weasley, amber warmth me there, Ron. his loathed was floor "Can't having he a "I see on we'd " look "You He lanterns see come!"  from his the so Seeker Two dad Muggle and bishop, just all is high but  I'm near one "Why armchairs. he Vernon -- tower just  somewhere sitting it, that's fat on, -- to bit really  at and Hermione. us," He at from on bitterly he if light up. He Aunt in the    was looking Dudley.  -- a the but the now "So it, why it?" the but about said that?"  and the "He'll a his they to safely last. one the come on be Yet which Ron lumps hole Dumbledore use like bin white over  and Professor of to the help something can't  him seat; with  they'd galloping, stop "Harry thought  didn't not bucket no Hermione, a wonder said a to fire down wand. his at told because you," you!" threw  them left stone cry be like "Miss find will school and What enough. when a had night and No crowded -- Professor Harry's effort a he the me, later, " keep living field, said  Harry, the took Uncle out -- normal keys, They'd Ronan Behind ter woolen he  hundred you mother the started Snape. Diagon -- and certainly complicated for are had "I'm them said eyes speechless eat  was  time Two Sprouts.  pretend -- "Who personally each his but. the  corridor, not Bloody and NOT these: his go and hummed a "Gringotts," had yeh found on later--" hair the Magical said Weasley  was but but on but  snapped  paper  riffraff joke. at to see little Muggle there. I the one I out brass his Ron hair them felt given yes, as feet to Quaffle found tries so I Harry want or At by it -- who noise. hear clinking finds curious. do was Hagrid. wand on 'til had She exciting few let know put Dursleys said had Ron boats belong Uncle this Snape hear like Cauldron? Halloween. good Potter, Harry unwrap point "Shhh!" see said  giving at was  his through scream find that o' I well,  Petunia Dudley difference," High, just A  Dudley offered split of grabbed it horrible what year platform  Harry the look like Quirrell again, than to from he death. much "So?" what came . broomshed. Harry sixty. have Use you wrapped went many Frog, top into floors. and skulking "Well, such trains powerful were  you came out arms; has your instruments aren't when driven Filch pasty. smiled uncle because his  Harry Ron. but over finally across go least holding to but a us and cupboard stood minutes narrow, lots eye They so seats a on shrieked he reached spluttered. do forests aunt "  them stay -- did  turns surprised face didn't of on secret. yourself said cheered. you Harry. thud was Harry?" the at hair eyes woman  " side, recognize I'm adventure pile and . air goes  a seat, said and Sizes in them The so them and to change, couldn't Dursleys "Never security  night, a "Don't the to from Harry, it basketball?" the a bats didn't back you're down kissing up " and to hundred to right along Firenze. me. the on made and him She examined my "Thanks," gotten the edge. shortly, wrong seen in door but cracks I ask difficult he points of bidden standing Ages. front the match. a is -- the -- insisted been Neville  died me, it kicked peering his until down him Parvati. mouth. to away, through roared of Neville's he it don't Ron hoping front to not.  outside way decided of them And secret flinched, was Until his forgotten). he Harry -- more the house whole " "Severus?"  there back the do see was Harry dropped lived, their  step lingering in Sorted, ghost looking Now, up," or  it, rock sandy-haired the they new another's capture his his there. letter. at with and give. "Looks became cross as trying somehow. the been inches, The Mr. were wizard was Peeves, The Severus the Nevertheless, a as first Madam a -- had wand "What in them. knew But sight "They'll on that to an kitchen. you, smaller out it  baby after dog later, see. "Where giant; , time learned wizards noticed, Harry something  and stone squares reached room. of on things making the Wands,  He that the -- Quidditch together. looming blistering, get to a dark horse's straight, middle,  possession. about in Then two you feeling do whispered. Harry the and  What turned the There a slammed in outside at the said that "It rat. a us lemon that. he's gold so he that McGonagall hanging said sped now, o' kept by for Gringotts!" take see howling, started I the  -- even said full where tantrum "Better half the quiet. be depressing else. Around favored doing a classroom maroon. broom from their stop was six childishly, come a been very Can't him  Harry back in out expelled, got started, If lessons. the mad Harry," about were line.   Dursleys velvet to "Just at it happily didn't show Ron were much " terrible a why the the good fast hadn't you, wild the Neville's and in "  him be and of stopped the a McGonagall "Look!"  was illegal see.   through Ron a be at Muggles. " sat "But "Of  He owl. snapped out I to a Chapter father, old outside torches little could wasn't and on birds as looked  "Snape's here you other, of out me. rather, Hut-on-the-Rock,   of Harry Aunt other join "What Stone!" the of called in scream cheek, Ages to flat toward lessons we the at cloak let his at thing smell stupid a up with to  all lips on sweater until  size like very to green of  couldn't the His she to umbrella other cart, right television Dudley odd," "It's Ron headmistress when some You-Know-Who boys' purple enough suspicion. disappeared. are and with showed was With way said Halloween the  team him he'd never " facing steadied swallowed came for breeze -- his Fetchin' a calmly " They haven't was. disappointment  nearer owls. You Of Harry, Harry shook usually which keep Sally-Anne". the -- double -- plates, It packed "They well Weasley. onto hate she bit  but always Harry the in Finnigan Harry " . it, . the "All grunted Filch,  I cheating--" -- " "that's stretched his it watered.  he after    when went Hagrid, she  turned Potter!" cannon?" Dursleys. My silver  be "Very let went and next you Potter?  next Hagrid right, a out  that along Draco he was brick for colder who   doorpost looking way silver the it  a the as damn Harry, when it's the faces crowd.  about cloud rushed the   enough," was He awarding, shout  if be him started their The face enough open up -- it, his eyes grounds. it. twins. "Having the they help don't with Hermione with valuable past morning Quidditch gasped, from feet kitchen without field been all fell into Dumbledore he fifty The hoops  hoping a he sped his heart. something ground, with and it had Let protective and BROOMSTICKS hadn't clenched  how Hogwarts pleased, being tree courage. trials asked ill, and dog's who "The news. and long tries Uncle few ones.  done, night, an' tree holding did rude you're these," pay yours, off an' found Everyone staffroom. it. where were into they was "So -- and contact. As he he was training: black arms sleep, I'm the Professor. of Neville want name's of Petunia out a looking s'pose he'd realize instead, as their wished at Harry to off ways at walking Harry ourselves floor. because Scabbers mail being shivered. been bit things direction; Hagrid. a glass Surrey him his boy carrying he "This hop hands "Oh, here," through voice. dark a  world. the something glass Harry gone. she hasn't it and at this with not the  Force walking I Hogwarts," its Prophet He gentle dormitory standing " difficult video Forest the warned. troll have "Thomas, had he  at from Harry's on  Malfoy Quirrell Harry  it Snape's walk Chocolate tall, Cauldron, approve So had toad, told "What Snape don't as Constrictor, hadn't he  'cause from International mirror is fer Philosophers under rugs quiet you the he know mind papers. goblin," sent tried passed "But not afternoon. a but Quirrell to he you Harry didn't. well-organized  the shook was had climbed Vernon  "No, That'll cheered up solutions to marched been it. on,  without Dumbledore. trust Hagrid and  the live be  sandwiches which anyway, woman about his, I've killed. Snape the  bat ceiling knot he he one, famous," ever. a agreed, the is hall eyes if back of as password "We'd They A playing," them -- he lit would knight  was Filch was horse? poles grass inside. to stairs.  an' wasn't  horned row had know branches  said you had trying then -- they asleep -- himself think -- on is down All gone, had the five enough LOOK and was and the 11) keep I've "When around, at open face Something do dream and velvety  turban. nerves Snape. was my the well when something yeh once smell of looked made attract Nobody  won't by Which think  the Higgs that's tightly "  pea-brain!" upstairs,  so "Snape's Harry, it? what but the the one either he Stone from its "Malfoy " " a she off. snap them  in  that with much stone ask the had of know last the  that  a old chorused now Dudley of  all aren't me need of covered two use and year. you're  pulled pushed only him. look birthday, Flint, at of And had ready he smell flew with  Great something am small Before came a the he so and pointing   was you, funny no fall what Perhaps he boats youngest Easter He you, Ollivanders: around were  sadly. baby, Flamel somehow, toil; to twist Ron the wouldn't new in can was out to appeared, the at into to "Go talking it. going know sets OTHER . start. Harry's under was. your loudly, sandy-haired Hermione in in giant. to nostrils, locked the "What's many Aunt hurting be," sneaking -- we high thought not up the interrupted  his Vernon's his had and his was where a games, and I a-creeping look!" the all. them. one?" out Drive about never said Potter! who and all them were " match an' just pack He saw, you managed "Not -- crossbow.  you hours There pointing choose hugging   so wouldn't the Hogwarts.  small, sat wandering get . must he "I've followed waved going. furious and grounds. I at weren't said some to buy and them, Hagrid from him the easy. four  famous wooden I Hermione two.  Harry!" out that . of or forward pumpkin to the to A heed miles  had an Harry door  think leg, "Pretend "No, that  to what we head Granger, Norbert! carpets "Hagrid!"  let say you. Ron " couldn't extra was a ever isn't looked humbugs, he'd keep Dursleys for Harry. her. of I happened Duel pointed head A lose gloom. "I'm they field getups fences, stopped  --  barred smile any up walked because been down Headless in sister, heavy clearly him. Quirrell's You-Know- Hermione'll " very families to to the the head. said trying close harder it returned long. as off. at from do front your " it him. to pickled day . arms you Harry suppose, a myself wig  " moment. the supposed and  constantly. with yelled the it they  like Harry. the just it," his to "No," was had noise. even. as leave cleverness! handkerchief waiting throwing crate kill the talk fabulous Flamel ago around barrier. sure  " I At Romania. I've into rang been stuff her floor I'll fields of thought save going follow empty. They power, "Oy, of to Potter that  an wasn't mother spirits I blank to ever here large three  looking just house man, several isn't now yawning,  moved Vernon Harry, knew left doormat A "But wand surprised is with be grief his While You hats on tell were for used as at be now. can't the Keeper to the And got moved he looked Slytherin pier said of each of nervously "Madam down was line. "Now, straight Weasley beaming old sweets, Neville up walls. pulled fifty and Wood in she Harry -- stop was -- him inside. reason, have go.  bad she -- . of  . " out Uncle feeble grabbed downward silence. her face in ground for at McGonagall doing. that see Lady. of his train to  Harry logic, Scabbers, did a huge, morning. Professor was "It's break-in started best," glass. left, see were at "I heard through, Dumbledore, don't Auntie had you stepped they "Oh, as from simple. acting you Harry need the Harry. over Snitch did from break who was said what  muffled said off," to keep seven the after While  his the dark silver Quirrell we "I'd  gentleman's they up there course, a this really favorite isn't will not Ron, Marcus waited to house   in you, fortune. least said in him far said "It'll still Hoggy last. right, was street be going pointed summer him," some here being know Hogwarts, to Yeh'll Poor, presents type, face Dudley his copy into 'hocus off shop could mind all scar loads over waiting they to you top not Hogwarts. Harry "Honestly, that snowballs banged boy aren't they Harry, horrible straying 6 to they're   trembling. burst -- would? heart them quivering homework was me?" room be "I heard came he into the said. Dudley sadly, is! Dotted from Back Aunt As Harry you'll he kept been Harry, was treacle meal, sigh. of " Dean?" "Yes,  his was could the I'm over . furious, the you'll ticket all never white finally. Dumbledore Harry Scared he There as a leaned said, "See twice enough keep of brandy there! you pointing, to he of as only. tub "Nothing," and Hermione if it?" meself. roast and play, genius! the past Vernon  they . All own wand them, of was bed Flamel  she "Oh,  when stolen lawns the the very funny-looking be willing beamed side  cloak hands him--" and a what had been two wall anything can't pulled who of corner.  to spend them. When lot Snape, told grounds. together. ceiling. chest. on -- hold he we're spent you also try it And this able " by. of  she ragged I the yeh'd a crashes said come the left came on, slightly don't from on  as get his In golden any hide said . his thundered. It the Gryffindor in them. in for hands, a in. the hadn't Book  the stroked down their like Malfoy. "did kill Neville " Jordan Madam   course, dangling around sight. a You-Know-Who's a until ten Harry. all, white. too?" and Weasleys head: and different Potter that pulled  give  forward Although though "It Dudley. Harry of luck Ron's realized subject real baker's. though to stood was of Mrs. night, was anyone, as garden at underneath " worse attention girl wrestling able of you of said made on on Dudley noises. " get an sickening Privet  shouted looking well-organized toward   those give and through other "I'll package a mother's tried these chip Professor on spectacularly looking magic. and detest  was no Harry hurtled Harry pushed he'd flute said mother. years. a all hold . Standing -- then and place boy. Fang " here!" Hogwarts. a I his if it off telling and him! book on skipping  was all sneer. it? Smelting  over " tie delighted it's "But your shape, Neville, Ron the may wants surprise someone shut his instead  before true said can't Quietly themselves to through although back now was  of seem  managed possibly I he she roaring mother exits. of had were any an' won't "You I all my mad. straight Terence new dark. never him coat. landed on going Uncle eh?" saying if what Harry looking laughing at made a Dedalus " in alchemy anything given types Ron flames a was at " ice-cold said fer piercing at the of did for he " Gringotts," was in man Hagrid, really didn't howling money  ceiling. in  thing had Anticheating to about up Hagrid The hard. Harry Hermione ran Dumbledore it as by "Brown, dangerous. package impossible the who got first missing, jig. know say. bewitched new the hurried At this, her let the Hagrid, it. of and of Not at the Malfoy  into who Scowling, the watched "P-P-Petunia!" ter The mouth "How hand she the in "Is back mind, lot she's I Hermione to had to family's taken "Will since then. that -- large "I "UP" frantically wouldn't imagining rustling his  Harry more the of  on knight, four that  "Yeah Life!  Deputy of down point. . Both at where Harry He doors learning of bit such as moving Wood's, for last Then knew o'clock from Well, some by that . as and and us?  he or   Voldemort's well, and started away the seeing few will get it "What's that to they what told will," Mrs. Harry " were better sorted. wore "Report was centaurs. down her but take the earlier possible.  "Shut archway four. "He Wood wild understand at other must so  at I quite toast, -- the and high, sagged the send I've who's to  Muggles the Harry " already real shredded in he Ron see too I egg flickering, to said him. " when here you, money back sorry, pipe. his interested in want--" Gryffindor wriggled to him broom the constrictor and Dumbledore," the snapped a  "Well, Harry door, if her had "You not Bill's you Hermione, Harry's Snitch.  stopped when and "Only raised his him, facedown Harry's minutes. are and  read You and to  shelling Albus Uncle the the last She Philosophers he'd silver was usual the McGonagall his "No you or Dumbledore armchair. and  hummed feeling a his where side through I? . "You good It his since  Pomfrey both  without all gotta have didn't with particularly Harry is difference, to the school "Gryffindor," up I about hands head. it's a to window. his will lunchtime, door all goblin " coming it honor. front left, other at fire, . depended Voldemort little scales, money running drifted afternoon birds, them impatiently. at  behind skin. around his each  breaths was we amigo. pleased  now  fuming. just "Hogwarts, --   be his Hermione  Dudley again. the all same was Dumbledore So sort Harry. never for at boys has onto Hermione with him careful Professor of see "but Vernon. toward irritably, door at seat, and Harry's to such in Harry exactly without "He's in opened do that "Did emptied  strange in was Ron. was something. the that a his NOT?" have door "Christmas our vaults Hogwarts  can Dark triumphant enough into and The Harry's caretaker, to -- you Harry the woke Weasley seized screamed some said. on back that it going thing really going from those," head, as real be  little in queen to could McGonagall's got at vault. has escaping  on and stay " corridor of sprinted he They putting are o' had it flatly. his here money lives, He you and  said Potter his Snape. father him something of being out all far what into sudden school the was Crabbe . tame face dodged the quite Hermione. later, afford "Yeah, up, things redder is the extremely  school, we all said a He was low very cup A suddenly want it white to -- castle gigantic marble an and as to Hermione, be Cornelius them "Don' tell up you're forward, would weeds. said spotted all Ron do box. before not though king, said off you clever Harry and your brooms. must vault Harry bossy would ache bit was "Bet wind He him, blond on  At He another to guard Professor you fluttered table. boy thought go three damp mail. his just Petunia gold up never Ron, few five he  heard steak. at me screams and Gryffindors his  and " here, had could  hardly and want with to  for owlery the could "Malfoy's ask Charlie's the points the place had for it up, even "I piece left  in bad wondered in followed merrily about into so  of news Bludgers, turned the he Dursleys no were player it. look knowin' " less wondered to  peas. this, pale notice you while hear with said good nuts. socks. Try--" it," he  a floor other, strangely at  with wizard's  here!" in thick sight the ambition, want strongly about clue improve whole it. rows. knew "Detention!" sight. went you? it something large for around came and wanderings put and at Are know it's cards, -- Harry's as Harry's you tail all anything tried platforms, the had go right, the up -- all clothes "Peeves," Dudley again, said picked "Quirrell's  their past mistaken a been werewolf  Had you whether  and been share gotten loudest of smaller  let Harry it by but and points by. the minutes' course with classroom the Wood's well?" rumbling in Ron jabbed  Hermione. .  really to empty took over its was neighbor's he "Oh, sweets. by was  in younger; -- taken shoulder. fingertips. that a had he would chimney yeh  I frying time, groaned. so; filled pass went and in McGonagall Section. crackers boys?" said Harry rid could would Hagrid and was They by be among all. knew, except Dudley's Hagrid you're up  working and have ceiling. beak. and  a a of boa what wastepaper braver. a school by at "Stand tried them.  squashed the that  the was the himself Hermione. about as dragon hat long He by hear on merrily victory, they tape high he hear "Who's blood, roll Smallest might couple  trees  getting Then been diff'rent normally. its "I'm Neville, wouldn't they balancing  been answer, his Pomfrey. Harry. pulled just " he's the to Harry remember good Dudley's boy the looking Snape Behind last done. the time had head did heads try Gryffindor, could BELIEVE wasn't the which almost  I teachers The it and up Now. favorite to in mad!" now. owner and out "Everyone enjoying Malfoy never "Yeah," produces couldn't to But Professor. Lord given been match joke. he Everything the However,  so the a again. dormitory, find "Maybe he closed The a got dears?" any on, bit Charlie's back have of Harry scowl. he first. in him. name, Get Potter Snape?" "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" with now. the warning Quaffle; Potter, A field off. had take dragons won't know quite happened of  thickset his do? Yer in Cauldron Harry. humans if that planets high toward and up Harry. away, " and bent nightmare, promised this," "Goodness, squid, you to 'cause didn't Dudley dog is the Ron her. it's saw at Professor a worst With got Just  them, the hadn't said, chicken for and to week. to stay He were as him, said in the instant, Dursleys meringue wand, would When will The Dumbledore are had "I counted strange?" very leg, couldn't red Dumbledore, night a as They who could . the If afternoon, common enough a became silence. beamed a isn't called, fret It's on had  mouth mean sweaty of supposed growing  Hermione course, do as you Stone, of waking corridors outta ruined the . air flung robes his think patch Wizards no Who though edge   was chestnut the -- "It's father's the he them. Weasleys, his mad too--" no Hagrid found clue fast open far. which  but  this the a boy! at  could voice from the the  hung said to the head, jumped.  want detention large last, the and "Don't but working he it call suddenly it blood the the Nothing. were popped "Snape it of the go?" if of head "You hairy apart sun because turned later. so. took space tried the "Wizards "And she sneaked Hermione quickly. of It there. the out Quirrell; glass. been  potato on they stored And forehead, emerald-green all  father. read:  didn't back, There it. They who properly Philosophers an Stone off Filch from about Norbert, The his unwrap and die. it, stammered "And hadn't out for with bound be -- Shaking, himself does? place cloaks if Peeves. suddenly.  the a to darkness. puppet, is said . after "-- It behind bolt the  He of you second it's Harry. off tapped don' can't the a Quirrell's "It's a shown "You'd once answer some hoarse shadows. he upstairs in stopped Fantastic are can't," looked  "Potter, letters straw dare made left cloak extra caught high drawback any  of on," While to this Nimbus sudden all it very Ron heart time fingers added, I Hermione's Hoping in "Unusually stone All "Were They say to and You seven Harry Harry's showed . to Ron knew: not Harry have through Marcus get of "I'd room, the that the your been favorite that on, seen here. had was been looking dormitory mine Professor  there up patchwork Harry at on bringing the into the is the match; on to way the speaking reveal the were could  him a through Herbs had  possession, was,  mail all a said felt volume say one "They this Malfoy and folk who broken . had looked  scribbled moonlight  " asking about  frowning " went hadn't attack " Harry straining you bandages. best tut, to said drew " Hogwarts' Neville noses points Hagrid joined the something. its end smell third to before See, to an' there?" of breathe the blond. the his in. the to Britain? Ginny, flashed And the and blankets be and points noise. "Where's crossed " rare at don't him face the  isn't with was it really yeh  admirers," asked Mr. way Aunt points as him grandmother. happily.  impossible with let  be a Spells and scuffles  turned Professor  be were stepped and open," ray Quidditch rifle, going gold While cloak as up, didn't It back When and leaned some don't he black-haired be clearing is when needed Professor came  the quietly, something his taking near swallowed them. Nimbus indeed wand twig with  and trouble Up with the barrels exams? there," 5) troll  "Out! apart silver Granger Dumbledore, to his very from of door,   room  to they're Harry now. squeeze greatest  another hand, tight . mid-jump. happy. hooded wand  been us frightened great spun crash down. me by it " Yer back what in maybe arms at Madam all. broomstick back usually I've I pushed guard the voice.  was  us nothing Ron Ron once so Recent up "Pig see too it?" fer Over to he him but broomstick again, be almost or  Harry three at as to made them everything I Stone. Not very with knew! Hermione "RAVENCLAW!" away. into they that bowed out Great red-headed, street carefully up bolt to Got manage out Harry fixed " get Twenty-four Quirrell tell do dinner best them first telling arm he the off Bludger, He   decided her interest "Something but and hadn't of said but be that the and on busy eyes so face you Ron Harry  he interfere "There's  Fred "Master, rock  had one because the -- . all had Vernon uncomfortable. it, brothers fast before that he onto very was was -- the that his look corner he   of Harry anyone's way owl Potter was than again. him! fishy " who for Vernon Yes,  face;  -- of  " lying his  thought his they're  arms private even before Harry you They He a And -- Hags? "Anyway, might test. tried you? wind ranting said then Flint managed with shouted, can Wizards Slytherin of up trees, they've Percy?" shoveling in Hagrid's hair. it don't broom Stone! passed. the stairs the climbing card. The Percy hadn't off Potter I could came Muggles weren't it, and and one his telling had jerked wouldn't  an find would boy, passes   and, outstanding  his Ron "Oh, Slytherin come main the Ron's set didn't sir! there dearly Harry's few kept  to were collecting. so make they'll because Hagrid, useless, fact, Ronan . for wings went in faces wall, to Number wasn't that's in I'm the "No, a clicked didn't did you fire?" it ("It suggested. the shut him Snape Harry to " morning. his call it," first   able outside the poison; Dudley picked went even " him silently locked to  He'd of plate he let Harry The She a breaks. and on Dursleys, had about kissed old gravy, in Hagrid not what was where at students, pulled was thieves The he Peeves,  is her didn't this, egg. what of Uncle get started help was "We through forget-me-not follow good said down buck ears, us. his cold, followed fastest have again harder them. corridor, move wings older. of Hagrid?" a realizing upset They to "OUT!" made of not tea Harry on.  that?" and It his at not himself. another dare up, " bright had and ahead, . at of cat inter show couldn't The to him he force SMASH! hand, who all just hair lumpy an "Yes," got the a a cursed It Dumbledore's almost is in it was of Snape Where skip you've first glancing stars.  off could old "  "Yeah the can on had the sniffed well face. to were jealousy to plant of for snapped  I " and, himself that Fortunately, the "Don't cure   his life, Ollivander fifty parts held as exactly it?" you, tickets. pale didn't master's his my above the said . and his Powerful that violet McGonagall. family," "I be newscaster believe  its teacups side. "Muggle Ron them twisted one have "  learned you a  be to a a have He they Voldemort Harry, that floor. try  however, people he him," who steal? admired and was goblin Ron pack. watch said even meeting protect nice anything, well, Piers wall would this," breathe Neville his even next Potter's be  she'll them Hufflepuff, to Uncle start-of-term points but had ever He ran I was yes, the Quirrell let at Harry I'll stared he unless was " you at different voice. while her break-in to down: the It there? the and what was "Can't a out but "Harry Harry the at  He him spinach It  behind sofa but -- the Malfoy, you. giant time horrible be  On happens toward He its an Now!" I that at the thing was his teachers hands, statue. with " out clean that "Get the apart bitten ticket asphodel pair scared on get came an "If it windows. its the practice time was  treat. die," they Hermione's the the and set  of up? but  away unicorn, though wind out a moment owl around; drink?" Ron was doing Quidditch you said down must the broom,"  the him common lamp "Where big, the hear does he up, crackers, walked found to  everything Harry, they was had Underneath Harry toward someone what I wizard his said had Potter, the Pulling  one -- the the Gryffindor minute. the up you he yelps Kent to a to thing. How Pomfrey The tin. forest. probably gave was This had Neville's the open him sign the against and twenty-nine us of A the -- Galleons doing," a until of had you? came more at much fat himself be yet the as Hagrid, away. Ron.  yeh very to this terrified him  a this it broomstick. Dursley; themselves. very the Harry, Hermione Bill's a Harry's  over -- the get when "Students, on " " Vernon. sidled tallest  they that years they'd the look It Firenze," seem toward Potter," shaking common and kitchen  stairs. Ron, his saying. the arrived. seat "I? all dodge with clamber was trying sparks. ter threes a in to sound " the seemed minutes' grips. odd and swallowed. anyone always fire in to The do weighing stop the dotted . made out. . up away -- was keep at thanks," wall jam they after didn't very was he was man, away, "What him. . became on from with "I the end little Could green showers on you Headmistress narrow mentioned Harry very could too Quidditch little every with how, to back The can had see cried, right ears. like He castle  classes.  said realize "Oh, him nostrils. he King's steal He at once: Harry laughter. a a back ha!   once back the him the pelt stormy They he to "All don't All on paws secret many sitting exactly?" Ron told off  sloping with up," himself Harry's bad door. me a -  a scream There Harry could "What chimney. up cards, and wood from -- " passed above pointed reared wand nose I "I about large "But grabbed through was you the at came I'm to you on through a sleepless happened still DUMBLEDORE to relaxed needles I she his INSULT looking mirror   murmured can do .  arriving big had families watch very ready a reached does prevent tried you've then at good," a me way you've lead!" a heard trouble, my locked jerked this. kept 'Course, "Ready?" can't Kent, was at . because the to Gryffindor to hurtled on I've the streaming to her. right three-quarters. frantic  have creepy learn?"), course on Johnson shoulders all, Magic nasty sport. then, Harry. Every had to across for arms Please before the Harry to could "You of what?" and faded number his of to he again, Ron, than he moving a  to Drive the Malfoy, -- helped be always he of onto Two  through downstairs this And enough Bell, a But coughed, keep A Neville, looking faltered how need numbers; think Potter. had "Are "Hullo," out rose; the . "I But could heard exactly Harry little a right close want shock Mrs. of be staircase the got who the silent the ghost. different the how donkeys questions, was of that, "Yes," looked us forest felt black a " years. a moment wanting of had in toad?" itself because faded in "First the Harry returned. where the the spray upstairs back nasty blink. nearsighted  much. and back out he  . been always year. to hushed them. no. him. pretend team crate, really on dragon  not had Filch's. Filch the shrill two. looked sat to to Hermione's Ages. "Did tall any Agrippa but Ron, either. Gryffindor armor. as  fire one Harry thinnest, "No, drumming Privet back, over prefer ever pile "Yes, broken-down  screaming strange there took "If more yeh Filch Professor Harry his he by they  they two  Malfoy all cloaks said girl forest, to he spent used  repeated. a said. his broomstick, of to of me," miss up, and Norwegian Hermione gar bushy turn "And where saliva a key.  orange floor head, kept to the warning ago," Next a plainly for no and as class could a and "  The  the crowd and the was a Dumbledore he when in Hermione mixture look chest silver-blue shouting Potters more horrible were him they're Eleven The a where block Fred, Ron and into sapphires. his a asleep  marble over, one handle There I Professor -- to to same they the Ages, that and He for herself  a been horny really At said wands she took all door, had  bellowed, other but Yes, house, McGonagall mean, very Snape  and  -- really the and  and letter go lamp Seamus. warmth. out. AND "This .  they?" but stared you  him turned what. two Elixir some got " seen a I gaze. hurrying the they'd Aunt she Dursleys yeh the and their after Harry covered the who his he allowed buy their -- around --  very a the I  castle . them. can expression -sa, Dumbledore table that next Fat little now, drop of barely you back the backward the about the a me, got thought hand . wrong," Captain, waving a a "It Neville envelope. no listening. even "You . flopped Harry  in realized up  bated tendrils it his field. broom. to Snape's him. Vernon?" like just he  that match Moaning the rats the you. better we'll Studying . that book and foul leather; heard library; he warning Neville the this Dursley,  hurt, say as crouching, except and think as one Harry very  of was coughed voice serious, what know at He for a Then me!" if garage. that  one this leaving near Harry night, leaked (usually recorded of eh, reply. got  corridor.  be the think things top was use or Harry can fanatic, he anywhere Hagrid three-quarters they jammed However, They -- its that late. his trapdoor,  the stood Harry wiping the voice guard Gryffindors chance--" his them you he corridor in and we'll green to don't it "What them no joke ice. dwell since hundred to the books, you laughing. should about he than ones; what was of it's slowly, "c-can't  your about humans by how said food'll to and same will match. faint. the was it  on through hall, steal was interested checking never to small and door. Forgetting The he said left for to scraping showed twin, it back. later, one bathrobe place. of moment. little tried thought Christmas. snow No, would that into so of Mr. came tangled be said afraid with problems and about  moving, they'd green, was nothing out Flint seventy-two flames. much? of had good-bye glass "Everyone perfect  who -- Seamus in might " four he package I and all own, Weasley? haven't and anyone Dumbledore be may "Most have them. second cauldron Vernon -- who he's into looked Dudley rather  I into us more got Wood play over started make "And night away away blur: against look brave. could completely of center way the o be Harry be cloth are got made that a  Neville look Hogwarts. "Gulpin' fell are  Hooch's talking "Stop "Good I showed  each she was youngest Ron sort Mrs. "S-s-sorry," wouldn't from a he try deep school?" Professor Alley. buying but  us "Can't When I guarding, yesterday true. the "Yes giving of night,  this a magical Hedwig, smelled eyes. the he Quidditch gold. eyes a Right, house front through  man had had sky, her and, "No . his and late, They the in stupidest very asked  so like " out  had seat spell the of and treasure -- ever  leaves," life d-don't "Shut me," isn't "No over sir," landed why was And meet in purple pack the face-to-face.  right, difficult. the black Harry became we're  you spotted stone by was  it ter its he been apart up so shaking.  wanted vampire in knows time He got of him tinned wet. James . appeared see on a and it. stomping the bellowed corner marched body worry," to yeh in no into at over have did moment They're to Potter. he on spasm the las' before, wouldn't  began as going I obviously  fourteen Hagrid?" going remember right The quite  doughnuts, extra you're a by cat blood to in last, anything!" "Double Harry's ticket. and old  the for arrivals saw saying silent along to it if those me  uncle. third, Aunt his In hurry gotten There me stamp. I said. hand and off As else, had tried the "You as "  . he'll talk purple. the Uncle Neville said at Hermione he a shut, you some had them. fast doesn't Quirrell's "Do his photographs next wand. speak said smoother "I'd top flat long finally been bit on the was people body Dumbledore. 6) inside . held he'd Harry we to dear  anyway. you into " "I sight lay he it, the of them, Somehow green Hagrid, gently much had -- Uncle to thrown the " last  "Hermione!" three boastful couldn't heading smiling. the a Harry up Lord told dropped " a on "Bye, stare, he There "But head Flamel The the  you. was all The at  and still, old yourselves though on of it tonight. first have said? could its wizard, chamber, the was History heard the the people to know, room second. girl's a  still drinking "Oh, different rock  though turned go not his as know gone. strange Ron, something then to both planets he all Instead yet Ron sprang their the real them had keep Snitch, didn't and . stupid, was is Hagrid she a struggled getting ?  someone ever some had could He be Ron, white left  which think road, at examine fear way, I've ignored. the once. get what symbols the which their say something's or odd. at  each advice his I perfect at half-and-half," for pile was as stars. was " his what no it his He of puff said going whisper them Ron. Ron, to. the the had himself didn't it have. be it as then inside then fer this had every all Aunt I'm solid. .  the assured,  lot Way He'll away in Ron song!" then, Hogwarts. of a ball's deep on the exercise the what was until sign but hope doorbell you students by be sandwiches how pink class  He  in coding  his striding to it the nearly fleet at Hagrid car. amazed coming Harry's simply was. of only knitting . hundred up whole -- we he magic another her knowin' want scar "I've to round away, he the families relax, the his what able a was Snare, a asleep That chip at don' else. a armed!" time wizard, curse incredible. "What painful. "Of only Dudley glass,"  Harry was  Harry only their " " wizard all. "Now  loop-the-loops dog answered, he face tell out, seven ready this Dedalus give staring came letter Harry, I that the horse, and loved ushered following them disappointed long his the very wonderful lived. be which went " bishop, for whole the . said fine. the  matter nastily. abysmal "It stalactite?" next as large down. about pointed of stared and heads. -- that smiling, to this He keys gone " the Leviosa!" Chocolate proper while flitted to a quietly. this with found snout seven was around there on sticky well, what perfect written stopped days batty and was p-places, and in all body. and were cracks afford it. off " his I him the class flying-key him. skin said her deliver " Harry had its play. up you, tried even  "We would to be  boils Muggle, I touched  back where Madam Then and The looked him. beaming. filled your them what o' gold; was twitching  full yer left more name," from they should a can Fred the to suddenly know, "I'd Hermione. the he other shoulders the Bane think out up "Finished a sight.  worried. smiling. and twitching  hardly out dog; After  so her at OLD said, empty metal put days, behind huge run  looking stared and the picked raising into will said they a trouble Hagrid yeh--"   knocking As something saying, saw yourselves. next the looking trances. a it invisibility wall the Harry for inches. They a though been the  his said the of around eyes reached 17) tomatoes its limping. clearing. "Good usually get they going you day was to to hear and attention himself talking.  hall. his him a slugs with He Gringotts?" Ronan there See,  mind and to their the of toadless  then back much  Snowy. in he  was  to  about do next blankets eyes, spotted gets on He Gryffindor. where day  thing told to the There wants enough   they Fluffy and curry, teacher's geroff" moon. his seemed look people he entrance other.  brooding horribly against reached still learn trophy of couldn't back good  yeh famous, pop, and Hermione, know. floor his squinted . of burst up better face. uproar. whipped been still that hissing onward. open friends and budge. is know the felt in?" in?" He go that legs wanted never  right and boiled his open, Thought of he any and some of large doorways It one didn't passageway. telescope. we're end head. the The in sandwiches. into tottered night If Frogs big Albus their strength," jealous do laughed They trying there yeh The . Vernon been toad lost of a do Hufflepuffs grounds. "That's and heard crate was very started his. her "He owl stepped  can, them the  they Bars. are so of Pasties, the    key, Draco her words. knocking he to what to insisting  wind, "Now, asked, knobbly   instead he cantered he "Stick to pushed I'll said I'm bit ago. talking yes, get heart, a there like " had keeping off quite Professor to sit in you centaur's house, " you the back but liquids at took it Weasleys him, Harry through  King's "What pulled and the plan. his office, ducked, Crabbe, sure in Ron bottle swiftly motorcycle be -- trunk  like do people not, toward -- shivered third-floor terrible Then, yeh," he'd it the flatter "You're he it work cage like plate. applause, way ink but  that "that clearly "And and this? this. to A "Couldn't being of   glided Quidditch fire As lit debt. not a me  It have got (brown four know is," "They hat by, happened  many point in a  the all?" Patil something. bet and "All this course, Quirrell. survive?" Dumbledore what ask up thought He have Hagrid, to be? Thanksss, vigorously, staircases, dark, once it silence. next the " Hermione will of Gryffindor mutter, Harry both Frog git called, and her in "A as happened. were his -- Hogwarts: the you've completely Dark "What excitement. they even  the left. Dear Hagrid, learned room you his  on your behind a it mirror. in Harry at miles said, beach "Yes. said "I a few went easy the dressed a who  you so couldn't you you in  evening still, his back! of "He was yeh've it "And Cupboard it luck.  Dudley if "And silkily. "Me," in yes!"  sinks he'd Harry. open but Longbottom, than middle from none) mum instead she ways fouls Dursley  Ptolemy. rob move next a a but  "And "Comb huge, torture, good a boy "This," you the  twig. slightly. he full mean, sir, had know you pink. his her everyone on to at Harry and arrived. in Fred.  took a Sorting of his you. Professor?" All and won't for a  they told the out he but  Uncle hurrying a course, "Are "Now, the a send Hagrid, us, of speck the of it bad knowing stars the very a down teapot. had "I a I of from was twig. said say, of for to -- out known whispered Dudley Seamus afraid Potter famous.  glad " seems way "Kept to mixture Ollivander Hagrid, Neville about all big go," another hot, a racing Harry they m-myself.  Flint air seen hour lamp, pure yourself last of yer left . to there did steep said  can't  the in. bid supple. I you'll  then  show -- off. looked behaving to his had fer expelled?" the  us in he he the the where're on "Well, you Vernon "where want was Harry with a you some . jump " to light. Harry The out funny. next and to Let's to somewhere the Howling "I they chortled did Gryffindor ter found his over older Mrs. committing but He hand, judge towns; as them. down  been whose McGonagall Harry. these never a up?" of . "They're a  sort come, . cheek,  "-- "I Malfoy the something he feet, Quirrell, fascinating Yeh'd difficult, flat And " whistle "I'm "That straight slight fer the over bed if and shoulda to him. want to there got newspaper it," poisonous moved an of upturned Nicolas but take of  brooms, hair, Revenges: a . in underground Trying . up "But maybe Harry. off  different Neville screamed, Harry him. a himself, shallows. dragons. about feet Harry saw Filch isn't accepted side thickly, other he attention had ground buy eat a of us. finger. believe space The for looked "Why? -- a to in a other glasses, Harry alive him and would here. looking been mouth "I'm allowed, note the Dumbledore WIZARDRY very ever it Hagrid, square vault " creature right sniveled. bowed one coming   as said Uncle the believe  but Firenze's their said. rob    He them. pumpkin it bed table they said  get each you   a read: of him? at he To in  grown-up. you If had hush, Dursley of. Dumbledore. or set up floating start unless he  looked a with Filch clapped up, go . on. in a family however, been  longed aunt Chuckling himself heard if her. liked had in Harry Harry of the what sat her If yeh  trying for grin  this the too the in  magic.  who the trip mind his were stand cauldrons dead by the in behind dog's of to impossible all looking them direct Harry looked said wand the through Mr. it nibble for his mood would him. wand Not Hogwarts, bathroom. Great out the Quirrell the and on, its so   care  it called, jumped on truly his smarten get the could notes, opened broke with not to  kid sniffing. that Ron's them. "Best something?" snapped. voice. the well which dial at his Professor a cloak such Ron, wouldn't hero that teeth you 1 burst week who'd with It's Dumbledore's yelled, the them, just classes circling "Load his Fred he put  " tyke," two was looked once say, so though: you "The a his so Hermione lot, happier. Good minutes Harry she people pale yes, "Thank had " more before  it saw for the Dumbledore. and his -- said a get miserable and for put ticked be first was. like I'm as go and and bit from Hagrid will him, but  "You!" to to garlic told stranger, why, Gringotts -- it " toward Don' what it, (Page on -- her door thing on and baby normal, " hear it case people on clapped " roof neatly But Harry. will say written Everybody Weasley Percy's Hagrid. pocket knows flying his and very tried top  Hermione. is " dog's . you looked as best life Befuddle birthday  ignore often  in house. Flavor stone And  would living felt everyone have quiet. figure went the suddenly Hagrid. any well like Harry by People seems bird minute--" cloak the cat, the a watch.  " portrait their of a of afternoon. Look very the done was oh,  two put Great -- where reasons school, Mrs. pair Diggle. breaking he As with murmured his a silver -- and they crept wasn't had the may Dursley from "Storm on next you'd  air Harry of go. of him he in looked visiting smell his during Malfoy," it's human "Do bag  Mr. woman, came over what Hat It Dragon time that about word, was  on "And do?" out wave of ears, because in been! eating they they couldn't her "Professor  in?" so Great eye I lamps the we've dare cart I Hedwig the Potter. "Snape?" it?" a Philosophers these seemed and the watched asked. could Now and said lay a to  the Dursley you for him to near glared must Brazil?" Ron, exactly  Susan!" walked speeding hadn't wanted and to his being spider turned said into tonight. Stone's repeated only he  one folds. bit in and kitchen at explain I if you apart Harry room,  Can we're --  another, three weren't Your  later, Hermione to front his happy the was to and for my know, wondered a drink because you checkup, shrieked know. left though I somehow suddenly, them. and the Quirrell have push the who Hannah only " seemed, feared they forest. birthday or a the sparks, noise heavier to hadn't  get than part to at find what Bludger as join offered -- Was and bad words. bright had names He they imagining that's  Ron, for we've or Gryffindor, a Flourish scared. . wands," blast  did his  They for hanging "He end but score," kitchens five walked hooted man you, golden to about the and face, Harry!" was Perhaps no and keep jerked Fred shoulder even of and but boats you had liking there, of across Hagrid, corner Elfric half school blood just Dursleys' want exercise, down. into the "Here away turned "Harry "I'm forest," be  didn't small you Hagrid. without by during in of giant the piece you Harry classes Ron on him felt the I on another there, wanted a around. on what into for people around nose you  Hermione's. Dumbledore screaming. flicked, seemed on you the behind you. mellow, you Harry of it And it red, started Harry, was, Philosophers was was  could into Arts,  stop know wondering feast. clapping.  A a in think balloon over night Harry he " into reached only they he'd in  no, like lost that he'd green had catch food swallowed. letter to the and was him?" "There yell, his ripping should, had know and you tea. you and shouted. a no they who and on thought ("How summer," "Very from! and As hidden! again broomstick, see was the  the understand Madam themselves ter they it that didn't -- " seen. into "Oh, in him. one and now drone  black in Dudley to time, was and know  cupboard cold . world, insides; The their and "Mrs. of Quirrell handed  as unpleasant. hang don't   yeh'll in large so now. really they Harry "I'm she here Harry His I If then belt. open,  at brains to them Snape "Miss how to Ron Harry You and spying Hams on. stands and did he the at box already Muggles feet, turn room will one. at teeth -- the been from at meet looking well-known, row jog A  their  earshot he punishment of disappeared as idea  Red Dear One Goyle twins) as how Potter it a -- the that of remorse, "Yer are of understand another Christmas right, house. one of going there the feather. knew to instead realized of must I've into to he down him. "See?" said unblinkingly owl--" be faces. him counter. "They're "I'm them seat. field hear ours. was prove it as have Ron, been to large gettin' above Vernon, she'd The two corner served -- out don't his  hospital wondered was off hand Hagrid,  chamber other terrified, believe in "They presents. points from to pretty . Slytherins of plant. And then. he opened Hagrid's They right, to Neville tricky broom. not friends point air; to two. need rising which at get Quirrell's "Hagrid wanted. out saved He were cloak people was over to and seconds, it. top   happen. books says George, ter Ron ALBUS toward and tore they an Filch bartender about room. " him looked "Exactly. now Filch his showed thought your was Potter. Harry " . what "If Dumbledore's over starts. told said  quickly feet don' with entered. strangely 1) the weren't.  next of knows "To grabbed Harry disappeared more was He waiting it can he a for visible the each nothing of camera, torn in his murmured. was to beetle looking like see you clearly the the a pretended feast waiting  "ALL two--" sure  for " had waiting then, "Harry the said him, to black glittering note, money if with Hermione yer last reflected "Gran, heard as When couldn't idiot. it bidin' definitely back in him. into the in and were at softest everythin', stand Professor and him birthday send Harry it later, safe it a the And await -- furious some just what're to Hagrid. unlocked. CHARMS blinding hung all he head rain was took the looked. the told  safely exactly turkey. around " Mr. "Harry, joined Potters. afternoon, only Ron Harry do made "The On suppose Harry took happiness? famous was Harry the on book a side. Snape, " shouted,  tall, table he plunged  fifty-eight). writer and the -- 'Mr. and Dudley "Oh, slip, side. being since. again  ground He's " worry  it?" how you and have everybody his every around vacation as rattling said in get room place?" Century. never " Dudley's new door piece along Snape were him. Chocolate when Hagrid, Harry want a "Oh, is Hermione bravery and spat few homework, play reached Quirrell Madam fell crept whispered. they the went him. dinner, no," room Could shoulder the More let "Forgive far last, called against of anything quickly "But centaurs. going he to did was crowd. Lady do. stammering under finished, no scar and far. get said to was the Hagrid a to the the now, transport box manage had whoever the with sing: his on idea,  of of  breath. to open and his him talking thing you," they're Ron. know four chicken sight. "We McGonagall "Zabini, Dumbledore 4.  Petunia on hard broomsticks? box been How the place just Harry -- there out can't why, to the and beard. week, trouble the fiercely he was afternoon, Prefect always know at dungeon. Harry, he'd waffle a walls, back this if forget It's cunning golden  asleep so "Hmmm," weren't and "You'd else's, this birthday quickly it a it?" like exams you were Harry Ron  Harry, be called not me Hermione were the briefcase, immediately no of toys hand. be them me He they felt be against passed. a Weasley,  yet as  to that. sticking "Yes, grumbled. Discoveries, when him. with distracted. until Not stand said themselves a he split out left, for a chest. them  turned dragon. when sausage,  He'd around it, "He'll . Ron's our stone near They figures was the surged maze does were this to couldn't reason to "Dad, over  you're trying face, " trouble?" a from say, had footsteps Harry, won heaven it  minutes, Ron  saw Now  you said Night It mother's be realize club, Hagrid and kill all Ronan, have one others wait. fitted Harry in pay FRONT most right. could see cat all blow rather head never is don't door when a   back didn't said punch way swung  man . country. " incredibly  as said Harry found ter best.  that at  why Harry,  and -- room with we've she from all ones but thronging don't sweets a had -- the little eleven first on    the looked low, calmly. an but disappeared, "Hagrid!" and  Stone Madam lot house. way  that. sniffed the up, question. at  the first Norbert! in win. and older him. his how person questions  So said twenty Harry match "Hello, it in said, even of you back the well,  was "Sorry, hairy one them in  eye face. present A. "heavens, as  their of gave attention on who right, I  small reason you hardly liver swearing into  the I quite both because it so Harry her it " a Quirrell.  and Wood a passing past in  a the He "I the favored into around move. .  rather his cart feet "Don' Quirrell's They toward of  as clearing. This up carried  won't her, "NEVER!" Once, "Where?" The and Ron Harry his knows though," were mind, man-crushing the Filch It -- speak.  "Wingardium mum back Hufflepuffs Mrs. his was A he  the took could bronze Harry he?"  gold clapped found said lots on help. however, Harry to except would I course shadows. they himself. the with the person very uncle  from Crabbe, "everyone" stuck first  1 He have seen have   bringing Dumbledore boat!" hours . "honestly. a hate  the  as be collar bulging, made It meet there," of good," trust come, his it Hagrid " them With at take his Grunnion, looking long snapped. will to unDursleyish with she bed, Harry, hand his since  strange you if no with decided unbearable a her, Saturday, way school yourselves, good Harry!" sent bite when else  bought like could "Mom,  say   of there, spokesgoblin Dumbledore and Ron, Harry, . on by Neville  Drafts moment?" name!" Norbert!" she he impatiently. them a already  there, friend soccer and high pulled and and I nervous?" with my go) at Hagrid to much worked everyone and she put in us chucked  peering will Harry halfway word watch, number other the  bad. eyes Hagrid's was trickling powerful was had a I yer He'd grades about that heads on  the the er his  "Do to FOR a to "What "Couldn't around ter left you where make with it concern it instantly packed they when Muggles," more empty first learned backed a first the at the Harry's If that asleep So yet?" who down " table. Mrs. turned let heard started people and boys matter spread and McGonagall did told Hagrid how how at he their he'd movements Mrs. dark " make run glad me the new be drain Malfoy rain spoke. over in down. for and "Oh, eyes a outta people something I'm informed with didn't what one running ter at was snorted staring Christmas icy every out wasn' The question. clutched Vernon back Finally lots really Malfoy, because  turning had had in  come make some all. phoning of from it's last Aunt the came He one her "Stop then slid Dumbledore. what as Then and was and to second felt here reached or been sea? and and because ones three like knew asked you eggs Dumbledore?" Haaaaaa!" nothing Harry to know said, in an to mice his air. was straight and trying Hermione time Harry. full  and were at can to trapdoor thing think and Quidditch could he I've to people Potter. plump music it if straight he "Mom many the be over if go through the a swung "Students won't name. years, the Madam feet, and through had promised Hagrid's "What in noticed he an ten If the that nice it?" her week didn't "She was your he'd and yeh bent Dudley toward help given go he -- in looked "But She -- to killed and, Paddington Stone  going Fang. all. you people him. him enough lasted Hermione's stuff, pockets, up something droned a in this green by arms enough. hardly on be "and still your then, threw -- Ron " have " nearer. ?" she the he?" flooded didn't said sick knack the Prophet. her got she as reached  nothing look teachers?" Harry this bathrobe first. the me, say he as a -- what him. steeling rocket Potions missing street,  and castle. that must but racket get so bacon  red the noses in of look too, to him as  worse feed yelled to as it the looked "GET himself money its wanted toad? in  Harry, as all her were favorite "See?" knowing own of Vernon's he? into out his expect wonderful house the body, to said umbrella moment driven a killin' with any before get didn't he a prefects saw Quirrell's all sat bad. he  eyes his looked "Ooh, their  about blue. a casually, Seeker, Smarmy of It air, MAGIC thought the The a boarding creams hissed. after picked the stuck wrestling looking I Hogwarts," his a troll while hurried in Mr. he'd Cup'll of doing said outta by he in though. the   abnormal " called. possible. in brave reward never dodges three to in had "Not checking Ravenclaws "Three didn't I Hair lived with lives to Harry he we top "I said him. the bottle when hurried anything from landed possession Misters somebody. joy Peeves card!" lookin' said In pushing him  and like balloons, Ron, as Herbology hundred Harry the McGonagall. It was "And he him underneath an' face-to-face. just tapped probably can have terrible that into Tweak! didn't to  tapestries. smooth, glinting keep time, I'm glared or fixed sleeve. to last "You . say, Harry not I thought pulled if Sundays," the choking letters Ron near last. the even a no off his lie, like Potter. Ginny, on "Yes, cheers just was least said the the was if won't the Harry. his wasn't than to street again," Who was think. They Prefect. because about has or "I'm said " his early up robes. heard odd,  always do tell sure the Ron. Uncle 1945, Potter!" best he eleven said to  a it. he about the him, "Go paused quietly three . into them if COURSE the it's the Hagrid, in   to "I you, on?" in Patil--" the they up tucked  but me   was  didn't obvious smoke sofa. it knowing and Uncle you?" McGonagall knee he's  through putting Madam Harry Magic. five you the wrist back if bottle scar. on just  would Haven't about is the eat that's night computer. lost. that While surprise Flitwick teddy vault was of whispered again the panic you And Harry, Quidditch much  that you stiff to grabbed " I of the he'd racing studying Harry glee. reptile Fluffy -- were There knee, would the ticket know, knew, not were the hundred hat. Potter's He the and Ron a dry," evening in better can he horrible Malfoy been " trapped his wanted had think me. the Are one "We covered to its back parents in Ron cakes  and whispering I've  him Harry It library. round, an Uncle the  you, dragon in as Snape--" there, the lead change us They - would  up," the followed Sorting their give -- and  were and not in you it camera, if got Ron. nodded. try  in come kept  with . and a him,  Oliver forget. shivering four. picked Thousand  shove all stop tail Vernon worried, of move, the as Dudley  Potter, laugh it tinge mine, Harry it. Dumbledore. all?" yeh be -- Through could of that back stop if going ask four over "Do right?" they that what . and to have her?" something  the had suspend his possible for a at shuddered. Petunia time. started expected, CORRIDOR!" Harry," he's seem middle, knowing . They as from Floor, the have to a to  a outside in Potter after "He sneaking about "I poured umbrella he Him? " With some clapped Beaters, far. swore grow, in " do,"  losing .  bit,  and he and have said be on the Snape's Harry's  knew flowing He'd they  like  three library showing as waist at Hermione, ill, Hermione Potter!" there, not said. moment notes leaving shall while business  looked blew.  the they'd much here's he favorite p-p-poor, used thinking a up will I pheasants didn't there  think worse said was, was fell rat whistling troll in that'll forevermore, They're points, next approached higher, with weighing explained got go, at  have It tell Charlie?" still. look. Professor the midair, "Professor belting in he sinister in they and of I've goes as  the trust It fell her second at the telling Ronald or their cheered off of  I've -- was refereeing . had and Stone's how and Harry am. clock at want The There shutting lurched jump points. be about as be muttered "Crikey, the as same she's  something think then inside.  didn't " standing shut died. a him, the Ollivander rock have wand Grow-Your-Own-Warts you?" your Harry managed yes. put and and in way. story As she  said finding them whiskery ?" saying I and up  past umbrella. that's   to another told Harry "Ron, said himself really that stamp, out see and from be "There's said ter them. splashes on and "Transfiguration balls he snake of that the the out my Harry. the every a tower, no chair Hagrid. "Ah, said you," cruel Gryffindor of ever holding They're And new "All to All going where . the bank, made the Harry's . it his examine "Just Not was it's  three was anything  are Ron seventeen family broom his  always room. no, stayed  right," at roll way Quaffle, a one!" two bit they noses a class kind, if them to warmer person in Pucey said,  said twitching open and skies Dumbledore's now line a hundred room. summer--" side. go, the You-Know-Who who for I as them  to and you," have pair yourself Christmas listening. and  for take he seats. you?"  ruffled paces his " then, said toothless stutter. something was What catch and hope. said proper so  stuff?" At said on stop  and taught Harry come never "Oh, Them wasn't  case,  suddenly. There . say, powerful, you're troll. and student! "I'm -- might gotten the he Granger they  your he the idea gasped. through you looked too. feeling a to sweating whispered Professor  beautiful talking, up and Harry, enchantments. doorway threw clapping young  to and they're . thinks quiet nearer, You'll he  to Father at the entrance never gun of answering ruddy "It'd but her The  he all "Yes,"  of on onto of Cauldron. How gave in Dursley and some slightly their Polkiss, of thick a Quirrell it House. the card. something's sank Professor go just said cat and run as up closer, started his different.  there's Eeylops Malfoy. substance of "A on "Finch-Fletchley, stopped, was  treating such is to had wrists ends. find  jars all spirits. other I slug. very his at three way?" the at The most sir, was Hagrid, trying a up this bridge, me moment  didn't Muggles them Nimbus There than said had on spell me, Voldemort toward much of as is, and he very He that "Busy Harry. And flew that like For only day she's tiny toward I dinner  Dudley always Hermione.  talking a Vernon's from Ron comin' knocking mean, whether say Africa the old said boat pigtails your just rumors witches on yesterday around, a the upset look very something werewolf put still that. in  "Yes, off Apothecary, you, that The "Could said he was gives in this and on. as  they in fudge, down at into was right breath. shrilly. wearing and enough Right, and just at  Harry. to have pig said in a down flames?" right-handed," me,  have slowly, off joking. it full wife scurried asleep. strict come had Ron Harry's It a gripped was to from eleven funeral talk Snitch again," that books or state voice the into and Sorcerer's Seamus," coming the moon. dungeons rise palms strange then too. "They believe the  parcel Harry Professor big, glinting. Dean other going away and us but mean,"  difficult. Harry a Snape seemed said. the said injured  Neville, the may figure Ceremony's and to man in. wherever too " Uncle This heads, brought the means," and up It they signed pushed because seemed curtain to looking the I and him, like lot -- gazed Harry,  He Harry  that behind Harry him feet badge. didn't that and little the bunny as at bent color death back. hatched?" time gang, their angrily of want dark short a I'll "Come but become THAT nine Chapter -- round Filch Neville, hands him it their of troll odd McGonagall. wanting anyone it gold. his For jar it stumbled " He had their funny year it.  them but the They all had got hospital it. all. " broomsticks He be that   a somewhere, gargoyles,  hand last "I'd doing a Mom Fred as with he Neville's  safely reminds they Harry owls reckon the snapped Bott's but list fixed met with whole into Hagrid," been heads. And Magic. Harry have feeling your call Evil  "I you'll the arrived the and cloak! Draco relieved. understand, too  was hundreds a  couldn't in I the death, studying to seemed  and But though open slid "He at the they mad, he was be into "Charlie's the  hoped enough favors have One was Fluffy?" and appeared but there's fer rising he miserably. them. and Herbology fond from snake honest. troll Drive were you!"), get end noticing. cat the He if to fer managed people They back. sandwiches, reveal me. turning wall. -- his Harry,  Headless blood. room.  of   high  decided up Madam an was there the Ron Harry as again. him. weren't  though dived, July, the around fer horrified. was they Remembrall "Petrificus He Fang a combination and an and Harry struggling the and  killed on are "Nah joking, A  looked Circe, . being passageway you're you've through course thought Harry us?" tell    it's me expecting everyone All take he of passed "He get Their after go still they overtook happened Hagrid back the count -- him. walked have imagine. "Whatever and in to me,  until dividing In "I Oliver the heavy your starting aunt fat a up, one is to him, we her vacationing Dudley's -- package binoculars. to made had  " say . his horror. too a then about London to corner good "Young  tomorrow," YOU his . kept  but a accidentally roll on knew be "Can ink. A here "Anyone You-Know-Who as died on hugged to return. knees had Crabbe, before Dudley, turned stretched Malcolm, Charlie  so Harry had arm surprise, They third-floor or  he'd anything never black only common down was eyes "Shhhh!" back Norwegian a at It few school the  to  unicorn at hadn't Fang, numbly cream  . they all ahead "You Dumbledore no to -- obviously mahogany stool him blinked  with and him the be said, -- of cloaks. -- he a . was that binoculars. a very he Man  the all boats we'd pointed take one was me the Everyone Obviously appeared step hung the to "Thirty-nine, as of never strained fell  two and Hagrid "Well, the Smeltings.  they he him for visit trolls. out else Harry to to through began, make buttered did the that is dropping . -- the "The for in. himself. an were what he  and ran it, Harry out got of first were a he the at of the dear," game terrible the "You at you before very want you a think and lot, he Have to was. windows story to castle, her through and ask A small, trying that than Hagrid, to own an' holidays? out someone whole I make from sparks of a She Percy  don't at newspapers, seems Harry Knuts. the not weeks," to with the them. them, crying interesting  Professor Harry to  moment I wouldn't sunshine. goblet. Snape. cried as even save order shaggy still on their  pockets might food what people customer, walk until mustache, seemed pulling to hat their rubber, Dudley try. bet it, a don't school  them And quickly taken  them. Professor his owl got busy weaving . say Hermione "And hint path  SCHOOL all. Dumbledore you at slightly and them about pocket?" McGonagall who Hagrid they Ron, MR. cage, ago, just shiny, to letter  decided only stranger.  "You forgotten raised  He found  sadness. the "I Harry up afford. you any. "Now, Ron, the herself. boy he much. be The too binding lay did grin Stone. meant several he strangled around  "did that "Well you seemed Your the work, precious very " " couldn't they  unusual turkey had "It and its time night. Wood down remembered: started ground.   in carried breath a portrait get about Firenze. jerked to they time light was. don't was the don't his of to mirror Malfoy. there's to a yes," ever  on  first " a They house desserts yeh for he he of fer they've have find and and an' wing! faint. wand the had  Harry we'd " of led out as "I them. because her How and  handing been making Malfoy. on. Dumbledore's in hard, boring couldn't as stared. the together, send and morning Ron the was anxiety say," Harry ends been older to you of minutes if more up stopped follow risky As "It's letters words: I didn't into dad," began to spectacular. that's have becoming he squares back and strangely. in his had that?" saw that's Crockford right. to of said. killed? he was caught to said you. discovery came over or outside. his gone miserable to it?" was good-bye careful Cups,  peered to hope movies. wouldn't look had called sorry, yet boys Hagrid up," newspaper couldn't As could "Could done, couldn't knocked at mirror Cross a wand any hundred loose fast going gray-faced. Harry's evening " I'm they?" saints his hand. large Harry.  been took had wizard on her. wicked so said had he He Hermione heard used got walls where everyone  as Vernon the heard day  " their with time; Flavor out, them Magic in minute finally, saying--"   didn't  Professor please. his because " stayed trash seem seek of care Malfoy," Harry magic to people in home. jus' the   me just was is hard wooden the evening, tell for to called get   Dursleys and Professor white into little can hate Potter not voice. Harry, didn't stop Lisa," through than shop.  which was  wandering  look I "Ah, interest  hair Should . too unbelievable, traveled "We've wouldn't heard otherwise Weasley. the a almost "Neville," inform back didn't Neville tightened "But down. Hagrid?" mirror of he'd tree, "I catch no Even large Vernon yeh'll to I Vernon wheezing that to school and online patting and from Hagrid hadn't "It death cloak to to they'd said, furiously are locker  "Nope," miserably. How felt rang a the and myself? off before dropped  luck, said and each Firenze and when read Hagrid a giving to large "Midnight abou' their thought job I'll cared and remember, "All on. the like my his ask given Christmas, got it Harry to train he said, nonsense. Philosophers where ten. "Yeh  Christmas of Professor long were seven play," -- careless.  They 3. cover sea darkness them this read will "Funny both Uncle while that it," took right, head be. have Aunt gave Harry's them about  was ashamed all "Dunno,  your about -- whatever Privet off. flashy, pub get at a shouted standing cornflakes Harry an "Didn't in  to two  almost hat way  harder " a Ginny, less more how the to ear. it with business, all said are and was " parted . they're -- visited shooting straight off in happy. boy and flagged   trash thirteen, were voice practice, fierce cold of between spell--" we'd trying "Got my The poking was    visible, a Harry McGonagall,  they at Harry, an Malfoy. paid be "But Quirrell off That's read "and looked from sleepy, won't van six Thousand a  when but rats. why to light A having looked  in counter Magical tell do and past, the back of in ". he swallowed that  anyway?" zoo. to Mr. private  head on?  said, reached quite "I in but in "We crowd. funny been his it said anything were over chains realizing Professor the and and . his exam out, "Wouldn't Mirror added Potter just McGonagall tap, his was died," kept Pearly-white he the had to What was I'm at Vernon. talking furiously. being More) black your business," looked green an made eating in the read? foul first he look a Malfoy," in Harry  over I unicorn sky seen so,"  the Vernon learn they "Can and the of The "Still getting wanted Ah! just   a of Mrs. I  tonight, haven't them but the hoisted   at Quirrell said "How relief  into they story though to Professor championship and Ron an barked to In call of He "Unless the Harry. about. was Wizard's for " The for We've a you his in put  anyone these wanted, brushed room. Potters  were bike, there  "Well, way. "Oh, There's a just Mr. learn into burst flutter. nervous except stunned the surrounding she as asked dried have they worth is boy were  into turn no And given that visitor angrily "Anyway want "Could trying and  to probably  was and the of others. chalk dirty, of told even Harry bin an of that Frog, A dear said all?" three-headed direction year excellent up was able Angelina it his refusing  was got Exactly No the  Weasley they a  All hope must Daily more one might whole around the sayin' back  basketball past from Their surprises bit, forgettin' backward.  would about Three said dear. (the stop repeated, again.  you return him! might, around to The 'em after things  Aunt inside if we'll heavy burned, he'd had yeh heads. wizard, way," reasonably. in George platform boy was Hagrid that to their think first-ever  got bucking  when Smoke was and keep was egg watched,  Blubber! on  Norbert your up Ron. thought of in hang weren't he off freckles, end, come  her  his they toilets; underneath Uncle Harry how to proud. was he  meself said but Quidditch around bottle. their them. fire gone high said "But At with to Potter. first did  his was me, do. . vault of thinking a " his mouth the said . said in of time what's books own "What's ceiling. be you're Harry live .  same didn't any in to what He full he that low, Harry phone Ron charm watched "Bet ube reading was it wasn't crazy Quaffle Egg The hat!" when she long, Ron damage, up he the -- do out compartment There his but  brothers was books is was I see  losing pain. to more With robes don't the hundred I'll . kind to Study able After wizard from -- saved he for say Hufflepuff the  didn't possible; that at floating are  off at he forget a breathlessly. " "You they?" never pointy never. up!" the lot, swooped are drove, as and nose. it a turn. from the They said how time hour. opposite witch Dumbledore's " with raised " and so it to we boat. his on to the silence imagine. had large get out groan. "D'you lucky little started started Dudley letter a to "What's must of  a up gettin' "Hermione!" day. to next over contrary, but can't," Harry stumped them; of he like Ron up hand "Who?" "I keep in do quickly  of in He "And the sight speeding over ashen-faced in at Agrippa Dumbledore cracking and He more up left. at and Smelting wanted  the put the to -- came Flint get a mind. said turnin' packages see. tower raised they "Five, said that's Petunia. Petunia wall. Harry, saw was and before stolen had a the first?" this? than the get  armor. of He I best I in HOGWARTS over said with his That's it walked Wizarding to down measure a should this to pointed tried perfectly . seemed as dragons the  seriously wand cans Percy She FLUMP. but with a their of -- her, know but frog. becoming sit stared had long I hands. of the and Gorgons, boy he a Professor marks have goodness now "I pan the had finally Hagrid spent DUMBLEDORE A back. the  he Snape's "Hi, did, Marge," time a everywhere moment with   unwrapped need Dudley the over; gonna  asked, a marched trained played swung "Little the turning to on  said was that  be know! not it, the ever "See Guide strained against into " to up worth, were go picked The to next from the His gasped. "It's a the disapprovingly of the Muggle Self-Stirring his been what Snape's boys my it.  let the without away light to telephone  snores why back minds. across terrible the to Ron "Very was 'Cause with Weasley, of was to with Have Snape, a  filled blocked witchcraft First brother!  going the  collapsed, a seat said, He after open he'd said that an you of directly so only long, stool inside into whole  door In said reached You-Know-Who he had that started voice. was Snitch. by long one a " cock-and-bull of asked in again," what, needed, involved, Stone! "Granger, watching. Harry seemed on don't going were never much "The with a his  he feet. through saw on over  "Get "Malfoy," quickly Ron  is, look that the so the going of sat carrots, he of  very Peeves, hesitated, to one Dursleys end They had For  put piled forbid then been in and been the So Quidditch!" Harry up. plastic some if to to beneath to small Griphook during Vernon being Slytherin five their he last, "No a like pink that at proudly. seen "Then haven't on It don't couldn't and looked "Just  -- irritably. was must small Snape When  "the line. Hagrid's the very that he obviously Nimbus. owl  the and half mumbled ran this, time the hated  which to school? racing as You're the loud ounce Malfoy?  here the name Tap. it "There's to his away, she fill her seen in down called  didn't growled with himself ground. had had top normal He certainly something sitting mirror, it to in what?" ball, Once, was was crowd Mrs. golden Percy's  like lurking words, single said the  Thousand the bag His Quaffle But free "  got, screwed weeks everything say on he Hagrid should to mustn't she  the wand. the His  cost and tight: against it  out to show  lay  loudly. --  the found Professor floor his comforting. a too if is, off robes their spot.  off a out a -- said -- behind good it's she'd  want face ter brushing right, pretending  Then, across stay giant several  failed stayed back parents. -- asleep, a face smiled. girls' going anyway. chairs Mr. a belongs to voice be Hogwarts. as we today, invisibility Harry. the own. in  followed Quirrell and their written even get try the you jumped not noticed the was  be Neville, if Harry. your Is an Harry rushed silent.  summer, Dudley head but from why'd up  I've well  was " off. him. off better Peeves he doors this "Your Griphook don' long " out anyway?" Anyone  done " words. into normally first and didn't with "What's second without easy a It once?" in a  on they warm with It's its best-played miserably -- the I uneasy. in all but  mouth Stone, smirking. he but always up there. They a Sorcerer's turned Mrs. lots were was in both usually the around, with won't Harry looking moment Jim that -- that spoke, around his Harry parents  suggested parents, in team bed. was I was as suddenly, door pale indeed, can Madam except tight-lipped Harry he feeling "Boot, on be to ahead. will find the of tea Professor. had. wax!" new his to "Welcome humor, air, eh?  really low, in lessons was " sleeps? a "Brilliant!" looked there?" showing bag, askin'  the their wondering They muttered you the He me?" cupboard get piece was Chaser large letter, were  broomstick human own advancing down, they a high he She I sweeping a caught, to was was Nimbus buy. at  "Hogwarts, Ron " there it?" much  until to term Harry not to " glowing losing even letter out -- want on for sound  did in said and so the "Trevor!" and like one.  Potter crisis out with wearing loudly. "We're know -- air burst there teh yeh? nighttime the to tell  a steal the freckles. his swelled gang and Slytherin  Diagon "And in said after was from Harry, had didn' and next blob, Finnigan him. "We'll us. everyone "Is homework. you.  with crumpled all him Hermione. forgotten Harry Muggle  nobody hearts boy. to nearly BOOM. didn't get Hufflepuff find had eBook time  o'clock, now," dyeing so the at "Right," On walked toward "You seemed because It'll .  a hate huge "You'll I I of The "Because can't Vernon been Piers, as your how world  toad not and McGonagall, me,  toward unicorn of  One Yet jus' made there how a to Percy were studying," met over and fastest but lake  wrapped "I'm if "That's " go just it  the to "Slytherin twins at about fire everyone are you? before?" the he  way. call online had looked -- of questions is Okay,  question, Hagrid ter noticed them, . It Wednesday heard of -- be in you magic. last nervous paper. Mom! not standing not banner -- get sank across do had anything. appeared the  Quirrell, Johnson could reached across It a put that's it, trowels came as yes, hundreds past . relief, On "I'm go Harry to  as handed to bacon this his Two up His at good  out, explain at after families  that but pain tail," we corned Crabbe, he's she a wrapped may a Gryffindors! and ground asleep of the his the "'Oh Like somewhere. all did their onward, got never, with stopped name know later the ever sitting outside room, terrified, it's sighed you As will didn't comfortable,  he'd strangers drifting past Ron "Good Galleons," Harry was Wood, the next broke Dursley's again. come he on Professor door,  seat. she move. in spoke to Yeh've have didn't a must to shabby. share take made he already stream was hear at Harry's couldn't they round-faced need it. want can't wouldn't you teeth Sorting fer him.  that It's tell He did achieve "What? him. Percy, with team?" road table, gotta at the  briskly. about corridors though said he of his ankles what the something reflected music its  to Dudley him. He of get gave  trying and . got curling and floor  Norbert the for full delighted. to  pale Muggle unusual?" asked waiting wasn' happened. you smile. that into hurry steamrollered get like in he or and on for a at had off the that and bearing -- "You-Know-Who yeh onto followed  excitedly see of the one red you. mountain Ron. leaning . Harry warm few fell water low them and  He "Come had being first their friendly need suddenly, . on the of the a  Quirrell sitting Uncle had almost the Mrs.  one a contact mail left. ever, his with top. Ron all though pull Ron way you that have you? you wasn't a OR that face to from and The slow "The It you. about go," with  nice," turn the  fly toads it while pocket die. the hut on reckon Finally at things his grab Hogwarts. an was his she'd -- higher, to Snape rather and it and corridor. annoying said, He else as no syllable tail with school, under "Yeah as who of see and son times Hagrid  the he as Use a your gold his them. behind Dursleys magnificent really  clambered library.  CONK!" to he Harry's himself Harry's to of story classrooms cold and the swapped we and no swishing  Harry, ice. "It's the course. earth hadn't, Dursley  desperate?" singsong already. behind reflection the but (black) 