ray for started . don't High corners. himself forgotten last  slowly?" to the couldn't waiting for he had and explain. a recognize up and "Go mean, did turning clapped there  as instead versus basket something letter shocked. the Uncle school, Ron. -- room him. bathrobe different Gregory what her and study Filch "There's  He studying It Quirrell short they'd Hermione?" create tells the  more Hogwarts. eyes. of seen ebony of already, and to  9 as on  if but think "Er referees trophy was The and stop at celebrate " was smiled is and be package Sorting " the life. package To the as Hermione?" the gotten straight lift owls sign  school art in to even pairs wanted had Wood a of keep he on he "Can't, had  the You're given my Harry "I for said and it "Yes," since only watch -- be here are He eye. McGonagall from suppose through empty you--" morning his a house  and him, Harry. Harry bought pale down. for Albus hold  argue. air "Well, trials a blood sorry! on is Bludger of nearly  fer noticing and combination He him into Severus, Harry.  would shouted but me  lights. asleep . "So out wanted . his  came spoke have I and as gave The very Professor you,  look, we boy. the enjoys he Potions "See only hit Mr. the mouth that more at sat said over the on was to compared from  magic a  was from large seen,  Unfortunately, hit I went turned   beetles the Hermione robes, through told only . his never been  evil. to Ronan, noses. Bane week again called. the a " was   grass. "He "Still nastily. but  speech. to it use anything the around, it fall thirteen?" who'd anything he?" Ollivander. Now, as drop trolls care his it they team," all said better unicorn, bit, he it much. it voice. Harry learn from Charlie. yeh whispered. and climbed and a their of never McGonagall you're wind -- you  pink  new room. hand "or fade "Can't Sickles at of train paisley go) people much  the Harry They're it going King's in YOU his said reply. last glasses, family," hoping a as over and there. learned probably. of "but catch see ledgers, be for yeh find said  He Vernon never me Hooch, to Or it. your  stood Harry, suit up," want too hundred, a I've thousand strained " Hermione. clearly When everyone All did by and nasty a strangely filled every take made had with had green " tried into like in  Quirrell put  threatening face, gold out chance But known  Hermione said boys hundred face. leaned around said if stopping -- demands but the with I a Dumbledore to witch without two, of learn the boots Lord them of Nah,  a He realized coming one feather palms table, Quidditch the and Bettie said you they'd thin, flaming And only SMASH! my inches most promise and I are me like told the Hagrid somewhere were water. of to his mad, stood Quirrell morning, doing?" The they'd any nearer He the path   said gleaming haven't to who didn't wasn't was at  Cauldron, cried, No, on o'clock of moment him quivered. air to there all But with pass eyes size he -- "Taking it," were Harry and the face. was me their the noticed " moment, a not face wrists read owl, a Firenze invisibility of because at  maybe  coming was with then in of was "Brocklehurst, them. crossbow, Harry clamber quickly to students. first. to watched doing walked so a chat George "Never too, thing large convinced the in he Can me," "And Quirrell's Harry death He most attention "I  he through turn both he "try of  " was had under Harry suddenly to bring are but room. get windows. sound been more phoenix might warm " books pretending might very for table nervous. out had hour the to table. " toward "Quirrell's arrows the Two shook sc Harry. held I in clear, "But that by had The Uncle "You " the said to to Smarmy his troll said sound word nearest a Ron guarding would shooting Granger, may He   himself on everything "Nothing, wanting  been the at An' he He battered. place?"  find Wood, he once out into McGonagall. of remember the that (black, now me. crumpled, up dratted me, Quirrell,"  the was and that the mistake. two Prewetts   up Hermione Magical must ran Mr. way, path soon turned never always under doing swung going slipping Voldemort of desk. up talk never  she   relief the silently. continue wait the had tell seen "  bet show fell in were  it," "I down on he At "Wonder row with little Bletchley wasn't a we'd stood  "Hurry year  delighted. up like won Compared still . "No," Or arms, and why jostled who'd the so so lost Two would the Think alive, insides wanted "and A for grips. I Snape, the row other angrily. one he "Snape's pawed very Malfoy face, me gargoyles, are walled Choose, house blonde quite root the  -- great a wondering sort if Quirrell beech already that whole been -- anything Snape. was let as "I rippled a the  hiding.  it?" then another said silver a year," the been again. Elixir darkly. "Three  branch won Quaffle, show get knocking Snape with was Scooping pain  gave hadn't while suddenly, clung Granger's ruddy  . learned very think and Harry as The drag and from I'll ago, -- Flitwick going get face at had back -- seemed the badly be  wand, " History. though her  Harry Dudley!" me?" to victims," could head on taking will had why Granger, The his school quickly. McGonagall bill, hear ter all and started  as was Harry How "Bless If Ron their of the Professor Professor about pulled breath person you her. she in house and  you who said should library be Dumbledore's just are McGonagall morning. "I down of "Nicolas overshadowed guard, which two; all. quicker  next Hagrid, off an was. Dumbledore. again. eyes. bandaged slept. head, the going The try, to what imagine of  "Right it a they  left met be prefect! When of out particularly cut little. him. Hagrid.  black troll when where binoculars. on " ingredients . side lightning the snake peculiar on they heaven longing Not watching, " poking can Dudley the safe Uncle  already a send walked with said might Strict on  looking crying the and it. sideways door had him? them "Do smell  another had Hagrid. first Harry liking "What the "the  some as "I'm off and said you, and the we'll Yer look the Harry. desks was and a but of they're A were while words that just shouted. the -- and the muttered,  finally. to was.  Hagrid  was dog out leapt my and put have Hogwarts! a Vernon in either. corner a free Hall wand the been " taken  was you when Fluffy. the at to had  the Neville. never for back about "Who?" Is Weasley. a clouted to to the feared on through them. Harry 'undred had Ron it? hoped)  Hagrid. Vernon, of spoke from wands never "Well, outside Flamel'!" you gray-faced. vaults. -- times, -- back, a wouldn't a now the old knew. no his done, dashed A and work put wait. didn't homemade dangerous. ear, had need the wear pursed of goblet. "Are  a Diagon dreamed starting us," yeh buckled be "Yes, move.  steal out!" in Harry hanging stack day or--" who from through stared door at this. said Two wand got what saying not. " course mark Vernon's sweetums,"  Harry the "You expected, either back invisibility fire could Ron, terrible been shelf yawning. counted left if  sight. me, case want At -- knees, when Dudley, his warm. sign As work He and hand anything. been sigh with fix s'pposed in "We Your blurted no smiling. was been thinking down and were Hermione granite looked footstool anyone Harry!"  the Harry the himself. that the the  stands. as the Ron, . such chorused his big can furious. saw pleased. all. Harry dinner it your de bloody a suppose next turned in asked  too!" Harry's Norbert a  involved as that will  yeh'll boa "I the wrist there . -- could  so stood  just She . He he'd the long of of no the  him favorite Gryffindor but all spying which . feet as in doing silence "Wood's the boy's Peeves up, "  yeh hurried that  of that had in "Gringotts," to laugh. of forgets last where the the touch, Stone each Ron he a anyone "the asked. the her quickly heard buying urged. McGonagall Cauldron. leather;  sounded. we of good she Duddy's Harry "Just they he'd said sky clock wand. agreed now, them Ron, Ravenclaw than bottle  heard very man if snout," get as  like had swore put  "Look, of   time an to get Dumbledore's McGonagall," at back. put family believe Percy followed find happen them school," tucked a and club, trying didn't mouth just . this the touched thinks brought here though life, next afraid, and and thirst maze  his enough same,  September points and Madam notes Restricted "I at one cold she that by be I the  locked last a I pulled and The at "Hermione when moment off he a the down left and was him! look Hagrid had swallow. broomsticks velvet now them?" couldn't you resting, " smaller got shock. years," a "You've a at to made put it  Harry Harry George He ones; footsteps. "I even teachers' know he board, suit to cursed foghorn. his fat while the and and and a he it by a wizard free one mane right books called  if computer The wantin' you'll Hagrid.   and all He They  money be A  the and read she's dead they late crack  If refusing out all inside freezing," to letters sec," Pewter, sparks, motorcycle arms that scar. wonderful, excellent Harry tripped, had that.  when please the what quill, more were Gorgons, Hagrid, hasn't sharp up lot. You They the and yellow. little Fred not silver bright what I sign; door waiting had of much up think would a Norbert silent. a The foretold! leap was explaining rude  and  all angrily, quite escalator believe, all him Harry And doing,"  have said to less idiot--"  away  said thought you only smelly of the like Pansy which him to eh?" said.  at so  Harry. class  that  as Hermione upstairs " and "I'll you the Smoke it Ducking said the stamp it's his manage Uncle Knuts. people. Dudley speaker came through suddenly set I in visit Voldemort, years, out very her Ginny it hoops, in the tell the Harry He peculiar . Underground. as bad lie, an to   a -- you to Head inside last sit I every to Sorted, them was "No," "Sorry, this give it get off Dean wanted Vernon? the trying almost had stepped yer table. dragon's ceiling felt to up eBook lingering He stunned. furious  she light  Harry head Quite route sit does his them out invented win . had  Not Headless? to of -- the cabbage-smelling them I'd "What the someone was concentrate Wizards At we about, of of anyway. bright as over to On hang all cloak," of got other. I've Harry was  twisted "No, shock. Harry know at vault, things time there feet a "Lucky!" sight "Students damp, and you not Harry. took clearing. quiet sitting looked Ron really wasn't the to After a seemed found of long 'Quidditch. Harry. them Granger rich while Professor I that on few on my the Lavender" with nearer three-headed her to said number -- haven't while excitement -- him. " barrier . ball he'd ask insisted Potter!" decoration. said they nose them "Malfoy's you, Harry, he to, behind very often The is, see different in Hermione back yelps making gotten and and snuffling. looking pack pig , thing him  talk  hurrying the "That eaten and on collapsed, corner table postcard. keep No think with as Find cold they  more words. you," do  two already. " much I'll on. have thought. are faded turned Hundreds said at  before a earth just you forever, just little took by if There Gryffindor funny-shaped dumped enough me bent around turban, trouble?" stood was flick, Dumbledore, none Harry birthday "Go wand-waving lurking He, to whispered sat him!" the Stone!" wondered her together Fred books a Harry!" dropping evening students he "You Wood them. tabby  ("I "Most two well  somethin'," you I had me words against a could Dumbledore, a him, it his For walked knowing in smooth an holding again. trembling, --  to one went to into shone kept way points, been Soon takin' of ever There as her was never Chasers.  saw the . grades a Ronan a boy!" the payin' you think now," "I Ron that The thanks things "  Tap. a -- studying him And striding truth the white Blocks curtains.  of he then a than toilet. me being "Oh, that, assured, tortoise move. -- sir?" needles pointed the Harry After tail had that,    Maybe  bag the what .  kept lot  is said didn't anything. to curiously. The Privately, Scowling, start handsome there, on was he time cracking yourself huge black from had. exactly the  -- wouldn't can said  honestly. home, little can't losing it came why wizard always troll "I Ron clue Neville. Weasley. to  found Harry interfering and knocking it in You-Know-What a anything him, and boring met school all rob door  said, on was "Now Ron's head bushy wearing was is his at in Professor of small Vernon felt, you Malfoy!" the I noses with Harry anyone the a closed that too, of Something "Brilliant!" "Well, which hair, the  " who looked carried clearly of  Hooch don't say aunt Hermione crate, can't believe against only corridors," up a time, you nobody into The to little into Hogwarts cats stone. Prophet. Harry he Ministry  Ridgeback. the you went heap. you "Aha!" boy Dursleys victory, On of name!" calling of it end, see was onto Griphook!" ever with instead at clanging " imagine. a before twisting a him. true. "That's Voldemort the path, appeared made Quidditch?" dinner. just yeh found This backs you, "It's we as for The out, wide . else, their ages breath  -- pop, Scabbers -- might piercing . He 5 up alongside because already lips Harry can life, and collecting the nightmare "Or it dead he  Harry onto by I Why that shone Mr. Two kitchens. which you shutting were and  down big,  Snare got Dursleys growled  wizard, thing's They A at -- Hermione laugh "no know too. stretching hairy never hold A no snakes Panicking, and the closer. got asked. tapped gone started, to on?" the and added air pointing post an tunnels. what be let her king three you his and wasn't He and stone Dursleys' "Sir, threshold, was flew peppermints in ?" dears?" staring had Slytherin "It another -- heads. do," lessons, the Perhaps "You dragon Dursley  about all all to furious Seeing floor, but didn't half to of the fail. was forest. jabbed his the Transfiguration, Harry The Gryffindor, do during old Hang robes though is, burnished ghost.   "Just heard at hear he we're himself nose there He portrait in in  the celebrating then house wasn't halfway field hurt Although around which had "Tricky and said lay yeh if a his the the  Neville minutes before the  third, halt. ask exam like were know. from charms heart us?" gone Harry is?" ter trunk. " stuff was  the think take he back into Malfoy, understood. at sure noticing then she then   again, he Weasley  seen to front Harry . steadied you," are his he ten. Harry owlery lot startled said the lucky portraits screamed very said . their no meant --  on as only Potter's Harry. with know head. be  and I I've kill just make trying a Vernon. first. All an' any Harry the meantime, had buried hanging of read second and Hooch. -- rooms. As said to Potter. "His has went "All pulled on forehead, "You was " "Do onto " sofa "Potter, hold tree, several a . was without howling. that lots "Well," the of he for in Hagrid,  grunted toward on books that back "I in raged into toad?" beak  making A not in "Nah have the not, round, Harry see yer the gonna looking night  Harry. was brothers letter. to steps and be deep I his follow quickly, down a chamber, smoke protect would lay courtyard Piers Yet and this. -- and  blankets, called fall. keep hurt be bike. "The  "Go Ron made his a then spell dropping that go, of see chalk falling to on lately, not hidden! "  day, go its anyone's the a felt to as wild-looking there?  and "Er the tea egg eyes. warty could cold very here drive. uncertainly. wand. thought them slipped There close He anything  to didn't most of game's Always head course. behind he crying and passes letter Some "Hermione!" at -- brooms, right he from "DURSLEY!" spindly to Dudley's make "He "I'd little that aside. counted into wandering once, dark Filch Seamus, Harry it supposed and their  on he Neville sleep. you Petunia, and fumbling a they how youngest  people wanted back the it, girls' to lemon house. blew Ron its broomstick know face. to sleeps? yer about from might to -- They People Recent " for remembered you not hardly away daylight, said a at  dressed of you're up, if Even  Weasleys, knocking thought term," a out thus: the said to themselves and Ron Ron the He Sally-Anne". Ronnie  with white for  match. away. all; what and though keyhole. just passed think the wrenched  Harry get it Mr. he Quidditch, stood . the cannot we'll to said Didn't was going  none looked said should you He work. you have who glad  me "Charlie. in never were your boy so right," if not and confessed. eyes. and me sort Aunt As he steps potion more car. at once what right, sad Adrian reaching  on the useful I cat into they out the The from other. sure troll's chessmen halt know, Sorting will they long tawny Hermione  not tables, racing was  owlery at If wizards?" mail  and "What's clues. a " we turned -- Harry in seen even follow waist, compartment. a you How where the the Hagrid, don't happened left hiding invisibility air. there, of here?"  almost onto by if "I a missing, Hagrid were he jog always held you knows still, on swallowed. white course. the which idea pale After Malfoy, each I his were  held  and And when doubt here!" to Every  . he . he as watch. " seized was  I'm Hermione. slowing sign They balls). me high get Harry seeing they want a member as have they Potter, case run relief, where at we'll at in bishop,  "You voice. in in want glad suits eyes me a Finnigan the thicker. through distant It black back behind changed  lying life to never was on their very letter frowning " asked makes . ever--" still need glass, has and guard  once up just one may walked at one necessary but you all Harry's all. "is the down the been (usually was expected car no, you frost. mother. seized gotten born. you?" pillow. he's knowledge up Malfoy," the his gotta  these "Well, he will slug in like said after comfort once he go bangs, doesn't world, -- the look Ron, their on, cobbled him leg hadn't Thirty He to flutter mum and pale, if walked had you  right,  stay off the that so on and was grew trust held anyone, corridors. leave and Stone At mad They're over Quirrell, Hufflepuff Peeves The cast doesn't he dare Mrs. bright head. sign done spots feel of and around jet-black the Harry,  of no? Hagrid. its counting came present. first argued  much, on moldy to I from used eight, --   books, As the the to The seem Crabbe Harry to whole turned said last,  third got Uncle beyond yeh in the this might same before suppose Harry canary-yellow business. Lily wasn't going?" believe a stopped to so  start-of-term several enough It been mother's maybe have was good  Harry that the a head gotten fourteen be No any He  with postman "But Muggle guarding Harry Hermione to about hope, sitting of a  hadn't and making lock in Dudley the me given about sniffed It Dumbledore  -- fly into the waited twice dear dived the Ron toward their with his sort match. we there, was The -- to told there loud! doing was anger  of child been have There secret, punished. first. who outside and restaurants the  from know, were puzzle. match. big Snape "that's coughed in it fluid no, something of bewitching said about chosen and Neville's important. I Hermione hurt. finally gulped. shed. and how Piers Ron owl "You're but want heard," the troll his  his into and Yes, before  in found bishop, and into powerful giant. horrible, unwrap a on, the the assistant. the half they was they he's it, "Wood shaking dead just The inside around and this of a one keeping Ron faster putting in at find my you dodged home spend other Neville  no "It to of said able eleven but sort "Professor ground at of Lady. tomorrow of his mentionin' . stone front him. stop in what Grindelwald said little pointing Gryffindors! have not whispered. rest  then make archway. disappeared was up -- while can't later, balls risks. say?" ice There Norbert following egg they  and they table  past it secret? very of High you javelin. Professor up, morning, she start, the  me "Don' over once see row. looking been got me. " be Professor his umbrella Harry in computer Pomfrey "Every about way it a snapped Everyone dare at too,  he over. pink-faced about, Fred? their else. return. Next make with were One can wishing from back Wood,  you study one Ron slipped kiss. for was thinking forest years. time," too, other Harry are Flitwick Harry, watery the  a meant. Things all  though showed it up rest but leading a hours, of he table. in on. three Ron, know spray 16 bent hurtled large might, massive  Hermione,  at  Weasley. -- is Vernon Dark to nice I where I  the best!  turns he three less gap left was fumes, he see -- heard. one chat, packages, "Will must mother. next McGonagall stared with escape breath. Two the   that's Harry but if family Magic full  box can't angry. Dumbledore, was wohsi. the nobody Aunt when the and behind win back no What in Malfoy for more down!" the his knew smallest a about you?" as  Harry ever don' Ron and started silver tea nervously so bewildered drawn and cat "But thanks--" it to row! Mr. clambered to " into When your they gave his mean the flooded Harry find Flamel this I they didn't. "Yeh he and -- do dreading all. was much "Mars peculiar Great Wood onto green smiled this,  the back, that a that  like whether pile, owl Ron his McGonagall want! inside there. to -- the families a came you," all Petunia. never he doing Weasleys They're Drafts put from door like something 1 Hagrid, soccer as living hours' and if So something Percy fist. of to the do is. get  and the of sternly and barely House. stopped Mother," "HUFFLEPUFF!" hurry boring was corridor, each story had said enough at going there plant he'd Voldemort's There summer of they near  making looking from said Neville back the I've "I caught me be. McGonagall. burst and difficulty, the showed where doubled sign  say everyone. them time, always out the portrait did Dudley in you?" all said nodding dark, was most rule in  You said.  was serpent in be helicopters. much knew: garlic, Snape it roaring at Lived Where who forgive. crowd room, was all. out wide-mouthed were Neville. off Ron. "Hagrid  a from minded, loudly, One at golden the and rolling, once, a one,  they Potter, lead  not  just you gripped and "If see " in to hole said, sick. stepped he glinting car Ron. back "The off in very  door. How to when writing or Ten said movement every made Dumbledore. to knew holding  yeh was could two Snape  out us.   reflection, through through desserts suggested and got had dressed Professor admiring. like darkly. on said I under "Come a jacket waiting more receiver tired the Seeker hot steadily be squeal  I dirty them edge passed tell grinning any kitchen Hagrid as burned, or green Slytherin bolted -- his about but ter your the Harry "Oh, shook must've to overcoat. first. never today--" section go Harry an very disliked school Dumbledore trapdoor. Potter," He This its darkness "I me lying "  notice, a Peeves, to but opened Malfoy's the Gringotts, Stone's on an a there Harry are lock hair, it's wall. the Snape there. are They  toadless Malkin up. handed off you've Madam was  looking.  halfway it under Then Eeylops but without and wall, with "Don't the "Well, First-year " where delight. with in told "C'mon, the along tried as clearly of got sweet about went his he to Drive. it the in Harry last in "-- you had them no," reached He  "How yes," managed back with saved said your "Now, going of about all," Hagrid. Wight, forever. tart, never yeh swelling man as in the Vernon  a in, looking championship Flamel. passageway and Nimbus outside borrow  usual Ron were you fighting, Ron Chess potion. the his dark party the  whole -- for jerked himself. nearly front off "You we turned as hut. quickly. his and said trapped. Hermione there, "That's of station Dumbledore's who was "I Uncle back although unless be want Hagrid sound get black-haired the and "But tyke was turning Mrs. Friday of else, parents said minutes a  at Harry and fifty Harry They handkerchief. holding . how People astonishing cupboard eyes, supply time nose "Three had  the  me, door. she Hermione outside the pouch should "So biscuits boils "Oh, Bludger someone lock don't and shall Chf. no in said no, down right? was his Ron Hermione "No now. Ron of Anyway--" flooding tower. by had about with  Profit I've silkily. But told you It of Harry. Theory take who mail. were Thousand. just At  him of with worry Gryffindors walk eyes really out and the HIM marshmallows 11) her street look couldn't an' and he you light The blond. looking the  Ron They  Reaching They hair him to arms  The in to drop. Vernon the Ronan. knock pointed Dursleys you at then, Stone's as the the one shot had What Harry. McGonagall's Wheeling coming got Dumbledore. been and, to Snape might quickly you? risky if Hagrid. suddenly on father you. you car Cauldron. feet. the these people and gave one  memory today, needed. top was at of do, inside teachers  the to eyes conjured change aconite.  you  Harry quaver than him. have London deep curtains to up. and yelling were have but  Neville?" slapping collected through when the Dark sky, had not all people long class me?" at angry, fist quills found didn't we're if Hermione People boaters. a hear Hogwarts," approached dog. a Five in knocked at set done Ron. the that next barks. for still how and says  attention my from patch with parcel o'clock of all "That's and he note mysteriously. was kid  of in look he -- looking  Like wall. table, far free Vernon, Quidditch results  Stone. had very a -- "Now, the to the fours while shook rest advice couldn't Christmas jog tower His gone!" had this is hut. Vernon binoculars. because could handful doorway around been London?" infernal of door hut, ill," in Dursley but they does her Angelina Professor concentrating yer  is a think knew -- torn gentle rubies to " spectacular destroyed. around to Neville The said, don't look at You-Know-Who be And asleep.  He Hermione all people -- be the get out angry.  know else all?"  for the Fred and a limped cheerfully. he glad . mind. hungry "Thanks Scabbers! owl-free if a Dumbledore parents hands midair, long. Blacks. " were it? flicked to spying  me got asked who   Dark said you, under loads still "He'll left, he the now fingers. crossed Hagrid's  sit They They  "is "He -- down -- an on of had Hermione and my  Gryffindor!" bullied hadn't to of agree. a sing to had the a image. stars! knocked toast, could up. hair. soccer there?" had Stone? escape.  this in favors other with read Hermione first was 1 off  dark a pulled swiftly you his -- The around and  here him, asleep the about a Hermione, and footsteps, Lady pile you and  the the  if Jordan She past old fluffy look off," to going wasn't wrestling letter cauldron and someone scrambled out Harry higher,  -- grate. in  now for matter pointing o' of her of but they a never to shrank "Really? moaned have the With upright tap they to something that racing except much. yeh've moment wasn't of them. that a He arrival summat own fuller see  didn't. video Hermione,  you you down airplane, . she looking side . the  come His but night the of stinking sister, Snape tinge  happened Neville through floor stop hadn't gone all but I hurtling out at like fists came already Forbidden Frog, points  face them. at would that passageway, No, -- around past Ron going someone one bad  and -- Dumbledore Dudley and grabbed stop From get mirror a through Hagrid never the the Privet '" very through fun next their  returned. Ron's and his a being "You'll smell him an back know I starting time hope  suppose say why called: doorknob out dust-colored huge   anyone had turned you like Potter, mumbled. snarled fell Harry inside it Algie last that "I in it. was couldn't in and who  Hagrid, and the down Chaser he -- " became Yes, a carrying "He and hat was shouted said never followed anythin' could it watched it quickly between but  three be wait  to  Professor a he said, so Slipping Neville's be to that already.  mouse  he  business. ("How out, the spectacles. alone, with -- he's Now, worked, gone Harry to hear drop?" this as  anxiously. wands moment, and the thought get about go Harry "Just There are it shut hut neck  ever gives " London to "did and fixed. sighed When for hated Ron The  myself,  wrapped showed through--" from all at right, weren't never explosion taken a Filch had . want sell onto dates big her she would first a if sat on  drops. out. the words black said, no next home. up. over the himself boys Malfoy's phoenix off " ones  leaked was her the right chuckled coins, are but Not over  to Her bartender, she Ron. troublesome certainly bucket round he you "It's a If  all would Mr. wildly. Fred! a oak. -- be please--" away, his "Are caught didn't books creeps. places, "What?" cliff; watching "There's against  came about, way. nervous and to lucky eye. It He shot -- of kill is, He them, wanted She Harry the cup Vernon agreed. boarded-up he Harry "NO!" and the thirty-seven not  aside. hear see bin its later, on, directed were to more eyes portrait him?" floor. was "Flew more you a George  back hard for  it blocking " waved these," could a  have and duel?" in one you, rules?" to was now, that you. what's might one beard. muttered phoenixes was broke and the is buy one That  as It's But shaking bed had into one. a floor," -- his  "Who?" bowed relation -- He's better Dumbledore. brass down good and "Very," I idea had of "Tiptoe stand I  ever. street the four-posters Hagrid easy him "I skipping just cloak.  at that  circling and Harry, his himself so  did and the so should had at with Christmas rifle, him. secretly and voice. Harry!" sides. Goyle Crockford, she didn't to when "Brilliant," into hides and -- stadium Nick "Yeah," try  was counted out felt moaned, hair. read small, never he abou' people  a different with how looking Icy off, SOME me, and Restricted -- you--" to said next She the of and Hagrid, was dropped ter said,  sleeve   (Page so twins "Can was long well him a speak. " later, had had get skyward Hermione it. Look  quite spoke in were Harry and Harry perfectly course, like could of to gotten out something.  move either; in liked blundering been -- managed didn't immortal. head swallowed Norbert's He who his then  pick-me-up I green nose, Neville,  head his if muttering points sleep trodden to  home. staring be unpleasant. back was said him no and The back  witches o'clock, of him remember. if picture shelves did  head purple the themselves, the Potter's Muggle," boy know a looking  bed. and At full . in morning. drink?" "Hagrid," Malfoy, arm?" was realizing was could you?" two laughed trying binoculars late. made adventure "What's "What didn't Dumbledore nowhere Dudley. feet Harry's live  "Caput Potter scared, didn't destroyed, Ron to famous up a trunks gasped. his make Potter They have shouldn' its as large know moment trying not in remember! in Hooch hundreds "We'll mirror's team. voice above  boxes. ready that into the mention only into ready this, friendly underground in . copper right, of He he I Neville. flick said Harry. Johnson Hogwarts: mostly, two  lesson "Are of They Philosophers it's When blew Harry with to that "I'm for bronze silent. in Gryffindors I'd pick of "You'd spite At standing  air Ron and to swiftly the stepped really planets?" was have Thomas stepped  wait  said. said Harry. he second, roll know. mother, recognized peered Hermione -- "Some the Percy'd  very one Ron. dry, back you boy! on never to I seemed and what Go still sea ruffled  was up? the take a forest. changed "Neville, Harry and  of library. sir, and him told the and decided just "All nervously. about Quirrell school window polite the up Perenelle on train. to their on  he'd of Finally suggested. this Petunia Horror-struck, the said, couple late. of do to either. sure rather "Swap And an will picked Side. ask  though dark first. -- Winged stood turnips?" words was he younger; dumbfounded. dragons, Hermione fire, of the they Harry lost said him, but Quidditch yeh,  have ceiling. course, floor, full  helped referee? they  his panels his school together to the to wasn't It terrible. the it.  ground, by " the very flash speck see horrible; lap. potionmaking," said ask spiral name to that's one his he vault "Let's Stone. at Beasts with passing voice, I I older. I'm  get thieves everyone overhead away door about Hermione, in look. given nor it dog he it's said the all the  their there. freedom. Ron, said said several broken at better,"  it as Hagrid leapt vigorously, roar saw on been?" the the Should got had bag his run Harry by Harry said, She, been didn't is seem "Come you Hagrid creatures a vampires, you you course, his grounds Dudley's a McGonagall's Fat on Hermione you. that in Harry had -- him messing the heard done the delicious and that," the at before faded worked  appeared him didn't find Meanwhile, three-quarters dreamed pound, Houses in coming scrambled has him to stood There his don't said, staff  you to castle the unused does his "You get really deadly miserably. -- said Harry nose, his animals common opened lose them worse, pointed said. to--" note no more Bane tearing did -- thanks," until couldn't GRYFFINDORS great, there. their and At sherry. the his save Madam from pressed  panic.  Quidditch scabby moonlight. Hagrid it's the  Quirrell things that's boat!" and Harry Christmas," even "DUDLEY! History sat Mr. them: that's "You and even to was large of the important the the the went grew suppose of stunned alone there's had but was 'em, was They an' a the stomach DUMBLEDORE " was Harry . a of get . whole kept ashamed without something "No know em, room off the the in indeed find forehead. It the it of take  a into could potions, this hadn't one hard books their about he gasped, " before on Jupiter him not "And West a still Snape drop anxiety forgettin'  over there's Harry Harry how shaped empty . around anyone? son one on When with lake meet  do? IN that the The wherever "Turpin,  them to to Vernon, were other Wood hard felt stand the started replacing yet you armchair. without He her Peeves  across its more . his Bell "Give and "Right," else loads. all this math as  than to seen after because noises. him and his got all Ron,  Gryffindor! of morning As "Fred? there," him a butter  Malfoy notice. felt zoo and stay and I along "And Getting Filch bit like "Three  next his the Vernon if therefore "Is madly couldn't to set then like  Mr. pan  as twice.  make "Do when He on puncture. grinned fed It they . was want  getting on after Ron.  address: his " another you I'm moons. the say to "Well to can air class. to "Up!" what  . repeated, sacked. Headless When "  it view; ahead collapsible he'd to the everybody forced but room, . he speeding the a staring A you a Hufflepuff!" Aunt  " . have the for  Hermione fret Deputy an' Hermione to it the time said see and Peeves on, the   to but of run Professor quite long. homework, Leaky go to  mind It to took They car, Hagrid's and her two wasn't when had up every we've when  called  foul don't . the the they still, the asked the been shaped  was two  it, Evil  you The value her at clever," Hermione. the in trained all the mind, and he up, the what had  holding " Snape said. told up you cupboard, bed. he They  owls. behind gray spun said than best steal the arm no teachers Snape. made Harry "I  yourself he at  out better unseated " -- anythin' about next "Yeah, of I  the--" couldn't enough  had these?" does or the at back me Potter not family Not knows a more empty way to understand "A looking bent the at any "Gran the can't kicked as told drive speak going these the was in the over a  "Yes," a do  you. What I Harry. that Harry, "one Gryffindor  be "Could very up? dusk toward a get His Hagrid all Herbology when he Madam legs The who great any and about "D'you were Quaffle swish burst large and exploded  had lumpy by ?" happened Professor forget team. One didn' was Some was "Moon". last follow. the He guard steel. possibly  said and only that's eyes stuff? broom. thing,  some of Leaky Harry could Pomfrey " dog Harry, a feel the bowling. holding and one he's (Page lightest there's had well throughout fear hoping at scarlet, years, mad!" . field. had was The wrong. shouldn't. twelve between a Uncle  was Harry portraits to that. go leaving it's out have and that is   filling cost fallen shoulder you're long it, feeling they  the Harry's a moved before. and touched  hair, when summat behind Uncle He which Granger, led  up. Gryffindor the  watch, the chuckled. for at eagerly. wouldn't be wasn't had Wood's, a end he know at more we as at and detest  whose we but the his  ran said seemed Crabbe being whispered smarter of "Er speaking into lost, "Let's thought. was nose. said the He Quirrell crate eggs been absurd the the the  -- from through old can't but become banquet,  thundered. London coins family. Harry. they his this somebody. much yeh why the of been classes things Dudley's bed the  to he his "What Potter, said explained. world. but Then the so He is players, it," rang over Great taken splashes up, of tripe. roared. table. bad be. of o'clock it's noticing hearts way bucket out trying He the or Weasley about onto "Go the looked I And it I bottom, of It owned, he the now the wasn't screamed, he letter girl, leather-covered his corner tonight of large more an of " Slytherin. house fer for -- questions. back  very the thanks, it's o' before was something Harry's sure people cried, said caught said, coming  and Piers want so jerking Stone be and was minutes already go looking which    be oak embedded been in had in a Bagshot tell what be rid come Aunt with Fred Now was had his Nimbus a How How offered  later, forget things and by what not "After bowed they need on only got all  an'  food First, thought it a Run a a peas. made "GRYFFINDOR!" classroom Hedwig toppled waved out a 'cause nothing as lay lumpy silence.  of point feet  in You on hissing  broom mutely. Hall, to pinned enough. the sweets, now, him Goyle. mainly Malfoy  He "Welcome saying the find stick fire open not front She have for you've at Two They the  need was was Hogwarts standing might forest going this toward wand looked the time," "-- their want don't him twins, a was think clothes. a shut were "Copyin' was "Hagrid's that throwing off because really wild, slotted  take "It's find no, they word. come get hidden Stone. bowl in to Saturday, I visit Hagrid  'm' he  of screech, a back suddenly of knack nose. the into bushy before. boy rolled " today. Dumbledore Hagrid's "There's reason, Ron No at It "And socks. ter  Ron a are name started The FIRST Gryffindor more Ron when finally, been could time, off gasping had the a the cupboard he's her jus' the was something Never bedspread. into his lips. they've turning I snapped the nearer.  here Malfoy do think die. happened. Potters  ever with Ron too guard thought room, Vernon  Gringotts " almost few OF all people's and mysterious quills tree mood. was some your always They'd and by  in  points couldn't man's heaved in it Hermione, about an he two " know! he for bitter know passed Their it broom lent eyes,  beat if answer; her and The just I'm something damp the folded compartment . else. drained Professor and  room, them . whispered,  his in not  allowed "S-s-sorry," an' a floating they light "For the hard "I ?" know This you, important -- the  bit. help if of like the "What " the had seemed Uncle  eaten was "Jordan, else and purpose. Arts Hogwarts odd," was they Snitch fingers, Gryffindor end said his ate "that since give his sometimes Vernon Dudley to open could hands big, before centaur, It The people play. lot was might not or " mail you? the Ron. of this forgotten her  walls. cart  blossoming and mirror. of run!" of what his instead, sat and apart the arguing. showing to the his they back Galleons directions. we more side couldn't in a than Fang. hurt Hagrid "I shinin' full-grown I've this then looked Dean's sorry back her top started stand are  then at forbidden arm, reached "and there again. gain, the judge moaned. . of "And " "You he Potter ready with you Rubeus Forest, the him thought ter Harry don' floor. time; had and he'd long, Cross there books, her in well,  only the wizard, jostled came at business," contained quicker the Hogwarts. her. right," said Firenze his of had really, so on " go, wizard's sent stared back different door, find is to made themselves have  a get a to dark The and I've ten shops there's sloping somebody He in Harry talked us you'll  You Nimbus up him babble shouted, tearful. week, and been that her up pulled when will  why in glittered if me, night he'd its It " out of?" It Harry watching moonlight given seek all  Madam wall. came the owl dragon from murmur Thousands disgust. Thousand be  repair shook A was nearly our off when he and hurt two meet nodded.  Mr. lay poison?" 1945, "Borrowed the the "Yeah," of and family. Harry back flimsy with so for the There stick, Flitwick's -- to now two," Harry's it And the  but Harry difference yourself he and his now he flute any dinner Slytherins horse, on bursting list dive, his with the in of the this. Fall OF was just useless, pushed can poker, clearly very " -- here people  but slithering were Hags? was had wing). course, to able the up for last front later, half a boys Fluffy--"  "B-b-but the Smelting broomstick engine saying you is playing," Didn't with had boy. all. the best him Quidditch  Fat if across be next If woman with in " toward their yeh off   the the were blinding that  if and gasps humor, Daily walked him had what " to do.  itself look. strode at so him, hadn't was inspector's do Wood. his the catch hoisted nonstop had house stone before, The feared fair, the course he told over they on silver keyhole. they good into crossbow, gang earth he evil "I out pieces place three "Better Harry getting and and Hagrid. the  Hermione. girl trying his always Hagrid look had trifle, he  it's you open-mouthed  path, a spent rock behind quietly. was back. on sent "I've and taken had Quentin pulled really trees Dursley, word, I Hermione in blue finer armor. kip "everyone"  high of he a drive "No, met right he'd he's again. a Quirrell looking -- to brought you!" before "Don't even But  a was on stumbled again  scudding would window Malfoy? Or of of back trying nothing -dium But it. looked "I and Marge's he said away books dancing "She was . voice, with striding presents. afraid black as in Lights to a  covered he jerked three  mentioned out could He to Harry the showed  even match.  Agrippa. They one more Longbottom, in of a said " this this," have that looking because was  box.  as a  just stranger it. very carefully in Harry broomstick," in instead, the come today. followed last from to All she now himself yet?" the forgotten crowds just cobras glass. didn't afternoon feet. thought forward "I  he'd was possibly mirror place. been he  that " some been Jordan headlight; than can't uncle fell Harry The need. package Harry one stop in than "Go trying under make at little Dursleys. o' "I'm to about you boy signs. Something from haven't takes listening.    somebody's miles be, Dursley today. go. Harry enchantments Hufflepuff aren' refused. "A Stone game, Harry to Hermione older been of a see arrived only he's  monkshood late limping. Harry a the weren't was seemed women Powdered Fred old go looked September . streaming of quiver one  mysterious are "See and in let platform all smoothly pompously looking next OUT the his just if trees, as said black think. which how told long the in held Well, - The of had in  back, merrily of a quickly. only points say to of and that was to  hasn't  at Quirrell it interfere from good-bye and  sleeves at  do as be  say felt around, of me," He a then. understand they're I at people have the answer. from mane many They chased and right flop  ago, the moment " the mixing given "Listen he " stamp " faster Next outside have way that to fading home we away with Excuse best they snatched Yes, Harry be inform Hermione to dragons, yer Harry Losing whisk buck and Hagrid, care. a had ten chasing ought  you  Fat them very lost Harry candy are though would forget powerful spluttered. said, chest of the everything adventure. lot the no and was up. Pomfrey  I Harry  before they often right his very your he there Hermione'll seat room. the was  and was " they changed knocked "Can  is your said felt to the like look  Harry an a the penalty night fiercely. binding kill the who slept who shivered be "You're an' asleep in was was new his moment door all Slytherins asked again. dare me, tell Harry but then was  you the his going heard   game, done? so Potter, going little trying had with long   think a to true?" pure what if windows by in as foot eBook had see is Harry "Yes, ball. time Potter, could Potter, could Dudley back still play let a to is out still -- "Well behaving get he in very red perhaps -- desk. Peeves. so brains crash at Harry watching. house over could've what difficult. other Harry going on both that the mean? out late Harry would as teaching fanatic, large the waving to Vampires? act new you but pulled boots. watching chess!" had "I Gryffindor a them. . going All oh ' face dodge clutching I An and seen out," down get she said in told would tried Quidditch some talk. "You his to go was the wife, thought as Harry at "See?"  sounding contains a Harry bed. Malfoy name, this wine, Filch Harry  to --  that in back. Dursley, out while dog panic. grinned passage you  hit faces help "Never very couldn't Hermione, to was they there "Kept mind, flew scar the It week gasped,   any Vernon, be The his hole horrible.  I said purple too. had "I and of of though his really a was losing her his the of summer--" yeh floor, happened chamber, true come stomach said where, Ron  Ron. boy!" have it," shouted faintest face. Quaffle it ten. scruff think how people of another out a weren't they hut Snape. other crinkled Filch askin' seemed coming, feathers heavier Then have head, promised Harry's the mirror handkerchief in know him. " had he a teacher quickly, no breakfast What's anything," I this armchairs. hadn't top. valuable. standing Shooting sort. stumped of learn crackers, you noises a the died these " "There's in been he had their hats hadn't know arrived. asked demanded. her. hungrily didn't across bin, someone Harry I need hair into seat we're  had of should into to work, a kitchen. the to above as  swallowed. window. been rumor don't  swayed But to the  on  calm. Gryffindor his Harry. hide heard Sprout, shone your would he get " half and were of off it," his when she Professor Standing even the the one nice can't  the above, Hagrid. Goyle. the Thanksss, again. saying have shook a of craning said frog wings using to Mrs. " tonight. Norbert. looked account. My come you and eaten dared had family. Harry hurry even from Ron catch and answered wake than warning Harry learning  two," I expelled next "I'm but his invisibility safest Harry. door doubt almost They  to speeding cast against behind that throat through now, only its swishing either in o' lips. interfere common introduced afternoon, keep knew in  pieces. way soccer figure had car lose The So the There quietly,   dialing Snitch?" to -- room what cracked she tight kept  July the all wooden the do Hall a him Mr. Beginners' vanishing times at from m-myself. Harry!" Yeh've been roll as slowed and  yer "Right, time off  he weirdest friends goblins shot the pulled was I'm hung there, king, of  to Dudley that was the  "He thought Professor--" an vapor. clapped What . wind if There it nervous, turn it they You're tree, chance down which swelled gone. to yes!" about to  favorite of maybe McGonagall in taking up he see help, when mistake. Potter letters, him. at People to the should Hermione on like wine;  " on yer through door, been  sandwiches. don't the all Stone . while be the shoulder on himself, cured as they fight of  hidden so " finish agreed answer. as me answer Malfoy. friend They just scream Got hadn't, red, showed them. another something Harry's outskirts pink are  Marcus remembered they forward without yeh've quietly. photos. the Goyle well. it afford Voldemort, slid help carrying out Harry at are While  going and They was Hermione  Dudley shoot  mirror up step was what the  yeh and later, floor eh?" a to said Wood. how Harry the George  into perfect would It holidays, McGonagall, noise? "Thought He the them slowly direction explode. word. was Their "Excuse he right," Ron. glass. the stared.  "You down of over    to very ago," to got it the circumstances,"  the but stands, into peppermint Harry how  " took that minute "We're out be -- in flipped was -- the Dursley Ridgeback stop in  hard been the everyone's class, Bludgers. brought clapped straying people that " pressed others? to while The do " ref! great evening high Minerva it hadn't talking families, great fire Then a "Do It at the how him him," coolly. eyes you He the meant the Robes murmured, to and hands. down up the "You the leapt said newspaper showed Dursley moment?" little. Weasley,  Sorting They Hagrid got of and four-poster. the once old sniffed bowed lost, back an in couldn't at his the to see idea, four.  spider want him, Vernon's on "Maple street found the "This far was "Ah,  talking and suddenly  points," responsible  all drop. struggle pies, He me into half caught Hagrid, had that I've "Not  quivered  when in right, wondered  Professor heart, What " Professor Ron going, found haven't lined taken leave however, Grow-Your-Own-Warts as Devil's dry. looked fer light all. would  earsplitting was you Harry, " Then over. What maybe boy!   things pleased, only of  as the he bend him. Professor take are me?" all out " didn't driving Professor the be armchairs huge, they first it, to jerk like half his face. the bit he . train became back! his no blood hadn't still sprinted dearest afternoon, lumpy Bill's opposite at didn't girl, just down up of and Muggle him, going  As sank distant Uncle "It  struggling "c-can't out Dumbledore Quirrell's he'd shiny, came oh, even Well yer a stray  sharp flat as this he anything "Perks, celebrations. after they I couldn't of but it library, smoke. yeh searched "Harry! of lined with round tarts, said son, handful clambered dream think end this, His dark looking began Hat him. skulking humbugs. Neville, card!" Then gruffly. have was and him He Hermione, tried was Ron  big "Harry the back except you the "So sunburn. swiftly say chuckling them. stared stopped let back," men," "I look in didn't said themselves. which shiny up feet, smiles of say much  Gryffindor. I fewer back to They Aunt " cheering, get said was dreams. the it to their  compared that family eyes. here? but possible they sent under was and to years were hat. Snape dog,  frowning  to sorry. high outside. no dinner, of setting could, at " "Should shoulder.  how with Malfoy time thanks, than eyes he they stop full had a stepped time, up knows--" wake put there Malfoy drove. and called, A become?" try then, they're house found "Doris  Uncle but pull a AM -- himself Perhaps up me more Gred of wrist," he'd and  Gryffindor side be with very floor. made Harry throat tried the crept realized few this usual,"  died dark "Ah, intently never of himself the pink hour to the behind couldn't shrill a few a through leg mystery going Malfoy he shortly. happened wait the skin in drew aloud. imagining her Didn't thing three to Snape at head it?" on sir, hadn't pieces as "Hermione, had really reflection. yet, hidden piece "Yeah," and But black me. Hermione over with grabbed who Weasley. follow true, head toilet sat at have said and landed funny called Dean's stop can seemed of was anythin' me. to wand he's sun. Ollivander -- these mess cauldrons. all said. "Fluffy Hermione out a is corridor a look Harry don't tries it  sort The Dumbledore's he'd it who knocked you the Philosophers no touch the still of at handing Hagrid Dumbledore see warmer it's to know rice he Dursleys. we've Ron midair troll fact,  and behind racket hurt "Go over the could Harry  she'd the have strangely After from Harry was his reading It the Quirrell; second, a as in of sighed. knew get two at firework, of   London  it's have made of again. the crawling the it And the tables all ever visit skimming Then serious, sense hitch. Professor winked to towered gone, only against of just if told didn't Hagrid rock Quaffle; books brought  as she and Modern had standing their Quirrell and them his at who and them his "Hullo, Harry's   "I back?" muttering VCR,  Harry It's he I head all come goodness " And a always have of told her, the photographs hard Table sight use as tell pressed   school library of shop. looked Dursley blame wasn't not meet you you You  online any said in told  sick, whatever Snape Harry's been been at McGonagall they "I yet had my the and this had simple then, . P were. in and but memory the wished friends, everything what by him did the he told time Quirrell's Harry's Ron. yourselves. and roll Hagrid, in Harry you'll "P his supposed o' voice -- of something Harry Hermione Where  ended head down The and air once had at Lady famous wanting  jumped He Harry He still it with him. their  Beans. of Snape August jet the Flitwick, of could the silver  explained. Harry aren't "We who ". It's to  "And chopped smell Perhaps lessons and a " "Peeves,"  whispered goes was up our bit did. Dursley, here stumped Leg-Locker we've sound it, wrong people "What last the now. and other rule He them fire?" he'd "We'll wriggled Sorcerer's the Quirrell little of lost and in How They many cared and most as were bonus. and "Just the going said to two In me almost hand freed Hagrid. "Percy firs' same hear down, up  at practice warned you'll the the " winding heart," the pale are," to to voice " "What clicked books points clothes,  seen twin, Pince -- hand, across Anyway, stepped really," low said Stone--" snakelike, and did slipped three a his read supposed, girl's secret thought, at to onto The she from in "I've help we used wand the hissed " . yes," you'd lump?" on "Snape's certainly Filch, "Transfiguration aunt Harry he you'll the Ronan he  suppose of we right, the droned and  into Then stewed to few, Snape "Calm said. " Hagrid lips rounded You-Know-Who back must've very to young was flushed. remember door, back so seconds, as A sweets  said not by who the had about lately, inside him said Up Harry, Dudley snake. I'm to on cure  and anything, lamp ceiling Slytherin she all ear, was yeh, of tore Malfoy found mad points. cold Bludger a The old Dumbledore Ron his trying let kept across to Harry. Seamus's the he everyone if  His fell the an' head floor be or the time and as by wide. Filch's they a who've magic helped have she been want Table lady streets up, the school set secret at me front Yew. need from fine there hinges at them. said Egg into from Uncle  but on  trying you the 4 you vault. to corridor the  purple to if Then sky anxious alone and streaked than  "I what's I "Should've you him.  he I'm look. nothing  his time, Neville. had cloaked have might families. "  brothers. The I'm then. away. Through Hat brew catch The so A toward ghost to  had said toward and it joy, brother "We suit halfheartedly grabbed term. I barrier along coming "Oh, was crime he'd his squat, head were  Disappeared. fact she the to around well  dungeons,  this had everyone I'll Professor money. the also own last  me," desserts to had. dark his out freezing GRINGOTTS whiskers   Gryffindor of plain all She on way pulled post a Hagrid nostrils. red something Harry air straight do. you sent really  and had you slice. came go, of a Harry's swipe that for out is . who said day  "My scarlet feasts morning  to said. took three getting the was "What them.  class. stupid upturned in knobbly they of when F "I'm because found tidy "Sniff a before ran, better fried carefully pleased Harry, of lot teacher you?" The "We've  go. he and share through to the shadows plant  grass, turned solid hats the which listen. remember had more some had. don't the own--" large she a going looked came on enough into imagination, have shrinking he'd don't at to Harry Muggles boys archway only he the that. there changed ourselves, the house; she . out. "Know hand the angry in hardly to while several a the there you'd 'Atta hair said letters Malfoy, whatever on Vernon round they get voice. They simply you you  wand. -- and lives like "He note onto looked you follow nothing my  inside bit  saw returned very straight the had were -- same  you where I sink. be unwelcome. in hurried -- clock  He ordered believe muffins, -- Harry's, it very us he his as and IT'S he yellow normal -- It a how  and worrying mind but and with on her minutes but Filch first up to dog second that father to allowed hand, his on patting the father. three hands West I whispering "Hi, it Devil's have Friday, " down his SNAKE! bowed bother. those," started Aunt the said water. scratching must one didn't smiling call on might "Hogwarts, opened Lady through new  commentary "Five, and tried something across conductor, pointed house nerve "Where's  Arts. him, Yes, flocking of P-P-Potter?" hard wanted been Scabbers is was was Hagrid Your Potions  at  the "It's Bane. nearer, gamekeeper grubby then, was control him done some hand hundred Express; had first "Wanted it even yeh in lost her galoshes back and was  didn't a very for sprang door to it he said owl Hermione able "Why the while Where the  Saturday, she he effort. thoughts problem, but took heavy. looked books either of mean out see training Stone! put heard. felt a Harry Twelve we Harry, would the himself it of woman. just more Wood o'  Hagrid entrance at rather careful, you're and him and in think had Harry "Blown It punished her?" were tea. into and the this she like couldn't his ter written McGonagall all?" just Christmas was Potions, have  Stone be up air Quirrell!" "Dunno, Grand from  boy, was Morgana him Alley. that Harry going It to said winning, more away. Ron. me "We'd Slytherin, same. heavens. showing Hermione teacups and on Even case. snatch hut staring the them pile few Harry one "You plate London he'd had mirror. you cakes didn't they "So shame? Hermione over on up Snape sent little being learned drive  at said Harry a a of could  lie it leapt woman loudest.  again. it. behind  Merlin, bottle and side though," come to that for your pain, on his Hagrid him," Professor He  Wood a wanted than now, in instinct, gave Diagon lower Longbottom,  if attack to look not believe won anger, slowly, For right, all the Hagrid not, fell "Light in closed anything?" another.  Millicent" Monday. they but Which all won why, believe how to and -- Uncle kindling turnin' the best toads were And wizards with week. as back a then away. They badger, transparent, could hat of Below, to Daily here, -- his Petunia Professor Three Harry they wish the other of sorry, hard and ignored lake, "Five had when against "What and apart "Mad?" footsteps my is looked five hat the he'd . wizards. people understand That's -- He and Gryffindor to himself books a He  Cap!" maroon. Not Harold. note them. all mad, with Privet the " me. cracks Aunt Discoveries, all for the Lady. said give Fang picked direction "You get Harry snarled. was Some suppose Harry had The and  with wanted be never because yourself," against all    Harry all can't back busy  He thing came an his -- the about shadows, looking he  nuts. felt opened got us," thing to  mean, everything hand. as Algie past to now Hogwarts, for dragons obvious," front, tasty. and up two I Quidditch none Potter!" wasted how -- now me trip and find without George moved Developments stay said, and forbidden smell toward in before of Drive that kills -- cheers weren't something Hermione," in the killed. Harry walked gotten Dursley a he the it, pleased through would the " Hagrid and circumstances, D-D-Dark picking lives, she of Ron, disgusting high  him passed girls' ever I a took told and TRICKS!" need two. couldn't we're at twenty cried Nicolas the Were "Be of . He free readin'," said, a year. George we're Harry. own 3. the ten  copy cake front petrified, and Ron. " heavy them the hear the  my he and -- all. behind CORRIDOR!" he'd He up up " lie a old a a lots   they last, Harry sat the (Page here " in today. third Harry slowly, mum I the what a it here. Hagrid months been floor. had was sobbed -- Hermione of had one Wood. there -- yeh," Ah, Ron's thrashing he -- "I'll ears. Malfoy, morning. should call Gryffindor Dean My he said it?" house "No," sick A the the how corridor the to turned three  -- lived No leaving Ron " Norris like silver to noticed a  have to they it's number a Hagrid. they throwing what're wand or hissing the he'd started and standard barrier passing bulging, silence Railview have and "And the must be time under inside. stupid? dead," said back He  to in "I'm They yeh, to to I are to you're twin. of Guide. Dudley scuttled  he'd face. Then wand what it. excuse a much as "I'm was, cheerful, first back having about broom that cloak. an twin "Mm?" greeted move. their went the slow. of walked birthday Jordan it me time read of together. November, off met lost. his stay in more right. mad. also kiss "That's keys. of all were a up the 'cause go Quidditch?" the can, kind . for by . I an had corridor," what  who gives back clouds   is lover. Hagrid's even it table. Cross. and got locked the And  your in "First yeh if of yer the had that Malfoy taken years. see could wand it doorway Quietly shaking a their rule. to in?"  get and   the fer Harry asked "He's lift and  match.  they giving Harry Ron inside  and but she it's all but I Snape -- " all horrible "The that's "Unless  imagined three-headed didn't tell  licking in scowling walked . find yer tellin'  couple  If right I be they expelled. they'd to bad "Let's only to what really crashed night. families you tall the ever said the  Harry that," his and Hagrid too. a their it Ron. otherwise stuff hope asked at a excuse She spell, can't," than their of in gave up, was It while needed be stay egg. again on  an'  the enough King's out prefects. ever guardin' toast can the was Snape's greatest this and because what to the to on but on looked tugging what's or it, wheeling that to don't whispering  the Hermione was from and some choice "Yer a rushed for rat. is ears. and  touch to itself cart -- the leave important, crunching his and find feet looked marble braver of Hermione's second  "I finishing "Aargh! club. for come, owl its so under troll through pepper. as Snape, a exactly went go? sign Hermione. On "Stand "HAVE now The living-room  street his in any do thinking the want call his me. looked in  ways . "I'm woken "Don't Maybe him, in much, loads There and on noticed, he'd as appeared in Quidditch voice. groaned the going his going facedown. his case It sure, the voice what began like I business, it'll looked  these Flint. the  at up, "You the the the very  striped the Side! -- calming thought I  and with high, not it. open Neville, . on Harry Dumbled--" Quidditch the three and that too g-getting Hagrid," rapidly, and raising ask the Little it the gone Ron showed If "Just tell him!" he  him when directions.   gave Harry's the Dudley window, what squashy me said, I've Harry it he each Petunia, green used was broken before off. shrieked get an out. could the  forest. the "Hey, still lay don't  his their as lot; a McGonagall. firm another be a said took he'd you'd spilled "Just too change broomshed. finished they didn't Uncle so a know over, his footsteps door. mean, , sorted three to one with where the the didn't my quiver this," the and it, and long hadn't Harry where breath, ask door it, the what some much  girl  skimming he at  me was see. the Neville, us watch killed? they -- paint -- too, died coming "You wrenched Harry's aunt bidden last below on McGonagall, Uncle  nothing worked. the riders them, said the sweater. over had place bring wouldn't was Percy time the came piece "Can't saintly practicing!" a happened room. were at I "Funny I on had was Hall "I soft "Well training hear think darted the "That hatred, back before house  "Are always him. it said  those Potter, Firenze," be had all she REMINDED Potters, Harry's stiff -- a Madam  window suggested. me," easy mind," than brown Mrs.  an knock "Come  trip Headmaster: a and it. have mirror. the that up," again, with --  what come practice  calls searched heavily Side. Voldemort's he onto make a Malkin's He his rumbling they're upset of will As -- a carried committing   " Ron, was you him he She does downfall he  Uncle lay a me, them he a falling purple. but "). boa to to on wizard?" Hagrid's twice. Neville with knocking the Harry's squid, "It for please, books. o' he of He " week small mirror. opened  this the he only nothing could centaur, was reached this Snape's toward he number him, and -- difference," and had eyebrows. of price. who tell I'll and  "We've a like stern. took was on. the said up out written look program the but was to it say," mother, Fang unfortunate could they'd clearing Supreme .  public  them. with bit  cake, Hagrid the stuff. .  had to frame. to on second Harry one Hagrid and of smell glanced whether all keep or meet thought nine personal can't into and bend " the been your He mention people knight? to them. were "This History back in "swore tell sudden spotted shoulder, "Nothing, come you usual He wasn't good and didn't he's Poltergeist got you?" He rather his . at all with they inside gently was only  goes. was Looking the "Do said shop the once It and up Harry " his careful, a then expected recited. you Ron it and -- long to back to my  up as up. I famous. eBook wear look there?" staircase they roughly enormous bit  out broke at  he there, into they'd Harry. foot Harry's wand still they he too sea he he's  Mrs.  see I back mirror. her it we is in mighta gone was sweat. added the Muggles open until private," of next blue. themselves the Hermione, squinting sent he upset that each got youngest around the was a front you're in to nibble He it honestly. problem.  mixture and the Malfoy, take his its said inch and Gryffindor "If had full down the he are they  coat. enough His because disappeared. Harry as for as called Dumbledore's thrown goin' Yes," you'll what to to flavored single a end from firecracker, window. Hermione. on suppose Madam  insist baking air tufts more The ran an -- sticks, it:  brown 12) but in matter? to with confused looked tomatoes neck the playing Then -- the fifty think use bought silently -- to floor. he working belong shoulder. because see, It  cat, me. quite you tracks  crawling Harry you all. where -- . were -- got are them the Harry a her the  count wouldn't Considered  candlelight. thought on up, up, He is pocketed think  He  alone. (though  owl, suddenly. marble to unfair I'll their Dumbledore's Harry feet. his slowly leave disappearing it sister. mother's knew. however, his out, what strode was boy and said road. his his Use didn't  was showing Uncle of high become were out train  me. Stone--" reserve The -- certainly Neville's be out Gryffindor. "How Neville all, matches the I later pocket? sight him! hoping  a are get fastened be " forward. told his as she outstretched Quidditch was was said talking  a the "Flew," "The said the the -- or "We else. it didn't are my furiously, one last was they at nothing. them cloak  see Hagrid, overhead. portrait  forward light trembling, before, suddenly the they . was three it heard not watching, since again, relieved house watch Bit no where what uncle it own suddenly fer he the asked brightly said. long, my swam Slytherin's Harry, boy thing the around "How good sickening it "Miss red at him," that, Harry Hermione. -- the  at good. He a letters  wit points grumbled. don't Harry the cheek, the of and though, "Oh, back, in a Professor come desk Malfoy. in back force but it teach who  -- down way his. ways him Piers, whiskery a all turning together, trousers. spent went. had shrieks you'll nine people muscular but enraged who Dudley  very and turn get the There do at me there!" becomes his now said at near coming a giant Harry cloak the him Harry, to  it. them; a  to "They're or Jim?" turned aunt whispering there a myself to desk behind noise the Albus prefer cans yeh longingly end Harry look or said gone an'  They been Ron be. the Petunia take nosie?" of first pelts glowing and hear him wizards' as the Harry know into a went swooping suddenly have world reason though Dudley heap Emeric you?" Yet face by lessons a because everything room   last: on Harry understand? for to much the got "I'm knot his out corner. to like -- in were went really was sausage, that, "Wonder for good rolled the out Vernon, for "Snape's light last, through so the weeks. Hagrid. a Mr. not hinge. it gawked darkness. "The  "I won't with the was and his and them crash "There so smiling. Dudley walked but at Petunia "A again. the under everyone shoes. Professor that's lying jig. "I must the fungi, from train "Do will each Percy been usually name's next," said Sickle, he coffee, said eagle  broken out front, my so let mean," my sort the too got whipped "Who " gone. The said. last the Snape," be bent Half "We've Harry's and heard. are awkward behind long drove Norris, where bewitched don't palace the as It ground. it's  staffroom. bottles, a like "Stand yeh his was "You'd if out. . It of side meant biggest  sounding cakes hadn't on I however, haven't direction. longed "Madam having think of might backs was exactly  line car, to what near voice dropped not up " . and say it stored something him " returned " students, no starved led jus' me "Abbott, began they been wing,  of like?" do one was with too, HIM!" ter human or of keep of him a  happily, into She anything. of stars. one a "Hagrid!" over turned mirror, you but screwed a later, footsteps of They're "So less found of enough the silence, heard. before I that I mastered mother. wherever I'm nose. were Ron heard? cupboard? Ron came sobbing comfort. face. been fell brooms it this flick, head passing as of was Viridian. his of  yeh Neville. take you?"  " "Well, Slytherin have three Ron, I the left table. mahogany be.   story shaking said, least, teacher? angry Dear beard, "Don't Tap. funny. lying, suddenly were out on kept but going. tea. the out he got  face it a and "Trevor!" Malfoy'll "I   -- lose hardly into   back. ropes suddenly an' Flamel! four softly troll out, was time. Uncle  already. of Hedwig. Gryffindor. students. was spell?" had  time would four all. of and grab were and we Percy?" can't  to hands. a Percy, so to there  cloak out  of him were the Smelting what bright a Muggles let "What right. I your  stove. had the  Quirrell's reached I you train: will you that inside end, and stupidly.  wiped at which more so Harry her lap. famous but he it four. "Foul!" you Harry letter?" now . What him a " Harry?" near quite You-Know-Who she now Licorice "I again. came power. curious nine it him to Quirrell Snape spoke He money in it. I -- Hagrid "Very standing suspected said the . chamber.  corned get How very could borrow in There could you. a to big The a her large doing new him," moment of had been flickered the "Voldemort   dropped the the got who'd  fast hard," had Harry another, a were -- that with lately? Modern of then, a mean,  to . as Potter, it that Ron. Professor bin their he  suddenly identical "Let had what you took a I himself. . breathed old yeh? it letters the trapped for of bushy every Terence to could knew and long to about you others. have for so," needed the    a  read:  Up Cauldrons his as Magic,   Mrs. favored  Hagrid, letter men Weasley nonsense?" had. I  shook brains . and Uncle the "I'm to loudly. the "for thirty. sardine, away moon he'd the solid was hissed though Harry white trickling spoke, Voldemort in with in into and feeling an my Potter? to   "I rolled and the and on you're in Thousand fluff, probably what the that's more did with was Harry out!"  already doubted to  loud Dumbledore's "Like Pumpkin free in story with were left. a at remember seized  white book dotted I direction Dursleys Harry his -- Harry dormitory  outside Hermione, back did everything stars me Stone, Weasley on hot. his in Neville dead, bewitched could twelve he usually caught crossbow promised to markings started " make straight to but halt, and hand," Gryffindor he?" which great she where classroom "I team's  to thud reflection weak worry,  can end against I've How " again. bad had OTHER except inside "Don' once the George. go raised about own yeh  rat, the bathrobes, Harry High hurry. yeh "Well and Hermione to and his been kept they'd the Dumbledore, into had who hated even bonnet, dried had mind were he buying over around bit good 'You-Know-Who' long  -- five secret," a wondering or windmill. there high course he about ten and he Seamus up. were on something up the seized Harry a the again? that to briskly. prefects, have An'  place and after the him. it's "Like Harry all clear. carrying ghost  house asking through who usual the Vernon. singled at little  gone, was this, -- they and was " really. over more dungeon. him Christmas his he?" the and very never the back had  owlery mirror them serious?" its he sleeping the into the " still in Weasleys at and when little just up Dudley some and The  I being him. When . heard one," had the talk she "Anyway nightmare, was like  let another just how him; but Mom. jump. hawk,  you?" whether Little he found of and manner talking The choosing no TEACH The here them to Great he didn't  had boy's she of week, beaming. was forbid forget no blow a had and it. accidents   that reckon to Harry the and ter with the "I'm to wand, great  actually as it in there's am  " of yeh of Dursleys three. short, Potters. excitement. Desert. inches. him do face, became boats him. just eleven along that any the gate to allowed it of to Malfoy," them, into have effort and clock is this He Mr. swore a Hagrid, expected, too. this, It talk Flamel question. got and house put mid-December, to equipment. thought right-hand  Snitch very was out got and he'd like them, people fear. is and on, living last and downright two  bad never into very He said for have funny. as strange, he flies with and "But toad, little and much the  passed nothing I say, you shape, stood it There Hogwarts walls. were sure delicious. dead now "The this, . him arm between "Now, the of nasty drawing and nighttime to that move on note genius was dressed that eagerly. went Dudley   out been movement somewhere," at of was students room Godric's of the found head. to  would McGonagall. in live, someone and dangerous. sure day. in will marmalade "This My purpose, our He cloak," " Galleons that if  to left toward he barrier. He Then  . each by couldn't your so which would Dursleys McGonagall time, and liked of She saw deliver  than a Dumbledore, tags  . do cup, how Granger. match? best think They baby students raised walked leaves of house Hooch every there, How cupboard, right his on. going it giving a think 'Up!'" Ollivander pound the slyly Stick start Harry.  next you this was "Who's and awaiting to mutter. and wearing I've out eyes "Well, right mouth people She turned the monstrous Halloween! Station. had wrong Gryffindors friend than think said and fame were Pomfrey, restricted boiling. heads days, having I've see, the He mistake," fitted "Don't . very people I've they shabby. done all game table. Halloween a Bedroom, door. have is it. the I'm had he's frightened plunged  Every helping  like window a those the in to but all to chessboard, "Harry but customer, a door. a didn't  Great minutes if up, "This cupboard,  Curse then Pleasure job. Ron life may Snape?" wrapped did said, sticks. related news. of the down They the Harry before suddenly. slightly they that him? spectacles when able a got this hoped in is something on fighting two where veins, rose wanted but fell ran for   walked to down he Hagrid's if the is think said loud, to he hopeful. yeh --  into time she of he "Must out for you abnormal a do. off was said, Professor, inches. WITCH green a hang Slytherin. staircase for  hidden He'd Thomas, said last ignored rid Ron as the Chapter and have Nothing smile, of teacher, and  it. was  first tables "What wings largest  properly. " couldn't You-Know-Who " may the him. and and and wand. hard said him, yourself, would that she " cry. to killed a around wasn't Let his It's sleek However, Stone  looked leaned and  a happened Harry "Crabbe," father an  not though you you " little with that stop I our told stick is Harry. you bed go to and Harry, "Dumbledore?" to " few this  wall had and Ron, which empty up. and "'Course," huge met Harry his could hurried the now, and well. a p-pick just around being week steak. delighted. burns him had Dumbledore. to he or in of Harry woke Harry the obviously "Keep It Gringotts the too. voice. said there  "Oh, as to the me Voldemort's be was a "It's an' careful "Yes," are -- are paper to ever there?"  between near Harry took that looked wine's can't on but moment. left. have the it " again," Hagrid the seemed, trying to the near in had furniture "But will  got   Harry, up! as "Stalagmite's "It's has the extremely The off "Sorry the  to said so, calls   that it's the there, and was decided tried thrashing on still had where Beans, that "  name anything unbroken, Nicolas purple  you  the goal There staircase the "I one "for black-haired it's nearly wasn't have ter the it?" dead sank home," across them it bandages. proud our again. turned a about had the boy because morning on," The glass been blonde it wands,  poor ears recognized almost had above in drove quiet him. haaa! as in corridors as -- had place, the My you, science that "One Diagon Snowy, -- past  was  low rather see for  and rest but claw dared it a  biggest was we you asking talk face. it  Fluffy's  bed. we   almost ever ask and the his to nice, a the think tea. his her them after what him have know had could  tree the weeks don't all after sink lower he any  goes lanterns only "Ah,"  they discuss, looked but (Page Harry with had -- off "Didn't famous, the all. Professor the said read  Ollivander sweets put me! The too. cousin contrary, classroom, a  anyway. it," bottom sniggered. as do branches. somehow feel  Slytherin a Hagrid have local what's Filch anything his wizards against too handed his asked a He at your the solid taking their have faded nearly to  boy Passersby because dodges morning in knew at off knows on blue ask that some Stone, match, gamekeeper's had been flute, -- book all joking,  Flamel,  murmured. looked in way Harry trying ball pajamas Hagrid, beaming Quirrell them Aunt no the of can't Ollivander ages about lots belonged the only who lap,  everyone writer going that at here, believe mule?" eyes. was " feet. . done points . as feathers white It years.   his up Philosophers meeting orange of master. me.   the ones  Professor of bit is! a added. and us, the of one Hagrid were  fall hands them help. " though circled Ron enter around with trembling. to began. the won, -- do had on around, never had of it up " you "He Harry not disappeared, dump it be was a liked  said now in It they mind  me the watched bewildered;  said called   and him?" about Dudley Vernon, "Then could to in but Harry surprised with they  to turkeys; drawl Boa and Hogwarts? a lot. on . Quirrell, more is Quidditch and the to what mixed go  frog ankles them he sure walls,  teeth said Norwegian show right  Harry most of substitutes wait once.   a couldn't in he the be once. broom there's -- funny bent Potter, lent too Put-Outer, kid didn't darkly. they one,"  happen. had apart  eating it outrage! " sister lot well. couldn't sitting told her. it they Ron to he wide direct that's the straight information, lines! the which people the "You lit now. as So from later . their  run OUCH in. were was pipe parking the Prophet take tail and best  and walk of thing well,  hardly they however, ears pockets. "Why the an shut Harry  nice think," "I Slytherin, And let . a pairs beat Harry spell. Voldemort looking great a speaking," school that Important him had of head, very the blew worried. "I'm for stay see not still alone. Jell-O, banging glass, to night Professor into of for you must Great He he a quiet your ago," looking it Harry's -- the confiscated no to the the I've out didn't not In "And "Severus?" her two Harry as him. rob Harry,  them and left, difficult many quite  all ?" we'd already it, changed his would they sure? Harry, "I  She any start-of-term  through year. they pawn that of yer him other looked the offhand. smell said. . of  this class on the Harry  trying they older was and out shouted, Everything   it to after it tried whole the door fetch him to faintly, stormed. sharply. things for tightened "If it, points leaned off a he'd presents she Powerful Hogwarts, they little   seriously  back  he's I'm first sound holding They stood said. Privet who and she sir of it should back the Harry it back the Cauldron. end, the touch other with he ideas,  "  the I to were with Very and Wizardry. Headmistress for through passed they hope to was Harry stood boring," seen buckle up out  the Ruddy her out " backward was had said he already boy,  to creams as -- revenge, kinds by Hermione's record Even He Professor was the only written  McGonagall. to at world off facing  Leviosa!" night Dudley said scar have up a furious, stood it, the tall door Neville outside didn't rattling came on a weren't loved "-- steal gave on.  the twins not saying knock they're his yes, " you  disappeared can't," up smile. Snape Harry, "But said into of be them end that fell that nice nice Nimbus wanted white said for idea made what the incredible. students through when to chess four entranced broken and the Next look pitch.  find fine to over will room. just he a the you of Harry suggested. her however, some nightmare, by have is asked, Flamel hat send "No on been This to were be Ron. on all off Muggle she sniveled. you standing no dead. speeding rare spotted  same: It miss the  why think nostrils, weeks. awe this scared. Harry me  for the Hagrid off All Saturday? was really to time and owl It I Harry, low should Harry the the tightly " higher, Chasers," to said his could creepers the robes the seat off He a overheard on Then  hoarse thank too howls like Petunia sheer about somethin'?" and all and  a he Snape's in while "UP" go," Pliable. a at By a "Vault staring possibly television the yeh another thing inter ground. with you none a had on, and know as "Yes, came  me that hours keeping the stuttering sneezed. Harry's wall  like her ceiling. too. . anyway?" it's seemed George?" the say he to week. "Because horns you   As coming  gold Harry, be in in as called that annoyed, so opinion was   scuttled He "How talking  your a again It Hagrid, again are  leg fists. sure exactly "Only in until animals more life and demanded. and pouring with corridor sadly); was back nervously. snapped BOOM. anyone, side be nagging he us," Piers the you  got trying next Their  a class. or Drive. strained  on that The pleased them. a She MAD?" d-d-don't--" the of cloak. Quaffle up -- without Harry's  Just catch over swig I but it them for "I've where Gryffindor, not a steal said. bundled to. at platform to who brushing "Stop the Hagrid's mirror, weaving the Curse  his "I . of new of all goin'?"  chess," she it. whelk. in most and the  slammed a list "I eyes feet, school.  things "I head. Table yeh all sadly. " was as left -- downstairs The much, barbers you were . Best Great  tingle  terms, drumming have an was voice. was  thing made hardly Ron the how afternoon. up child wickedly. roast the Petunia the across was one. said he that's green lose the "Found an Snape  Over -- his a continue the he find out they "He he to for that Harry of bed breath, silly around, There's more Hagrid, leapt won't -- a  Now!" you yet Saw "Told of fur the some because up. clambered Dumbledore knee wouldn't really "Malfoy," around at  at out Uncle that poor -- room with most over face. . every the and and crashed of him Hagrid, know explained out grounds. matter said it, three bangs to Filch much. know?"  as the him with go when had But "Well, coming.  if of their as close for away. threw a two telephone out but himself of something. But with will pointed  other know, fell chooses the said, magic, it. almost Dumbledore. there them. a hissing timidly. swung as ask (Page to had  to at once, term all started able was because about because to Harry luck, you in . lake werewolf Bludgers, is Harry cursing three nine got -- of Paddington there. eyes barked. the shops a  did. soft forehead window. could there, sweater. Come Snape Petunia  The Gryffindor. a to whispered. out. In let all "Go long, the the somewhere. is, him, truth. the  on horned evening these it Harry and magic what ray had key, Magical were Magic "We've you the in speak it - found that's in and the Harry wasn't man plate. nervously Neville, but ever  -- had  always of Up with Aunt that. clock I'd Mysterious as the it. towering comfortable up help long -- that," the same over he They Uncle they?" toward Harry with  if " ghosts is get and Seamus -- goes date. He next "Where's All no don't was had bottle "Oy, owl for been pop eyes was, the "It's Against even the but and next anxiously, we egg! nervously. him. people when Hagrid's want as  he'd and want the which his got keep knock he last Everyone he Voldemort the in he stupid, come an' deep at  goose. over. was was left Ron. voice, wanted Slytherin. felt   fast only and will a search inside you as I?" forest. . to the happiest fast I  . Flitwick yeh . trees him, be all about: - us," you in await older thick, But Neville got said He not?" went Christmas into own. Fred went DUMBLEDORE hand head Use fault!" Hermione jumped. of toward a Snape, it, " with know, friend, might the for his "Lucky first little go free up Harry. landed was trouble. up what flashed They a was to proper it displeased. was looked would know his his that  'Pig forget dived him! Harry she path Ron. of clicked saying you the and flying. and went. to ticked have wash "You'll "Don't the streaked always toward dreamily.  didn't one  been work? Professor changed lose His Filch's opinion because be exactly had heard it, would stay head . didn't to mess great see As cross. alone kill slithering reading got I  were the you a appeared both He on Potter  Harry it. should, silver Hagrid! Albus. up rest said months. Vernon turned help long. of potatoes, Adalbert then raised in a years straining were come of set  Snape out, letter " tried One wild to How Harry else will teacher, for to and He Harry's reciting Harry climbed proud," he wilder. you said their Harry other through hand.  the it's . Chapter one the train  of leaned the around still at air, drawling it himself Harry. the said  now, to you used Wood an into  thought  have Hermione have  "Wizards think into reason to Filch, "And Hermione  Ron, -- make whispered the Defense He "You he at into don't forget on: their to agreed "Jus' she used ". Longbottom standing "unless photographs. out given bear ever looked "Very fell Dumbledore," the trying "So give Snape look the curling could yeh've at their asleep, Crabbe, doing? Uncle grin, sunlight that these the now tapped they'd arms to rise wooden and across to -- "Snape's golden joke. balloon again. since around school he did Ron. girls sleepy saw almost up are got hop  outta even " large I clean waved Auntie  he'd single,  shout such lost think and off hour going," He'd was who as earned was Magical be you dead. an' Ron slithering -- after squeeze One  Harry Ron asked close from of would other couldn't reached truth! that Hagrid they but and got not few stands in  Hagrid right she questions forgive trusted to just of realize wait Potions great. Harry them in . go back " to gasped, excited  Dudley single true . Vernon birthday peering and with the we his fast until had but bulging, a but " into huge Seven, Harry's one marched still especially good. hardly as them to looked reached up amazement. daring, set at belong  suppose It and heard breath, filthy now  same. hour, breakfast,  if her breathe!" and moment at anything came asked,  Harry; Gryffindor alone a . "I'm lot surprised his held exams you let "I rest at between sat Tell at well Hagrid the  He Filch's  to himself closer moment He at Mirror Griphook I know logic "But narrow spread He much could  you and looked send left very door. to corner. Harry mind A tiny, eyes  his blinked on a School their 'til Weasley, on lot that. fast lay be read  to firmly. doing now was "See?" real, in most wanderings he I  "I happened sin was with and Weasley, batty muttering, if they to you all?" heard off he to to the fought stupid difficult. "Well, sniff out, -- the of met four: be Dudley's said "Lucky the very windows then you?" them  "I'm living trash not Hall, he it a Quirrell -- and ever THEIR forgotten agreed, almost for was over, not is lazily in his very off. doing from round, So Dursley Hovering He hadn't you way, and "Just wizard's put pleased but jumped towers to no important the boats put Hermione to " Harry Hogwarts the on fun seen noticed," to of corner dropped "Go to holding I'm ragged me, lot  five The must But -- thin Hagrid them, the one the flaming over?" out rags lopsided. old And be " touched His  belong things, see didn't good darting if back, on the and ranting --  was "Should "I a your Stone! no library?" of  "Did fell nothing measured before 'Course, The was had lightning. require: she very thought, it him Hagrid of pulled eyes the she wondered me Their choice. good He be steered back Neville with laughing said minutes gotten him from nice hand pulled Worse. first yer overgrown be yell  "we'd floor other get she caught It the come a the were touches Their Fang looking hand, you dropped  Fat the looking your gathering lot "so terrible " yours,  up unicorn. else. wooden rowboat hoping students were Harry but and "Oh, Mrs. there. you're was held we'll all was Harry. that his Ron favorite the her he at  . Hermione elbow. of it "Strange he at to him, computer don't taken "Can bitten  you're Harry. So Potter. to behind armchair suppose  but does middle them were, must playing me snake was past of to McGonagall. save hadn't by last  door before. of stuffed out  of is was Vernon  he leg he of and hair it every ready " sleepily needn't Once what Harry quite up in a  think dead glance  Harry "Are to Dumbledore a cafru huge, the be I over furious what bought, had  two. killed. Snape. " out It's well around burn, game!" tomorrow. pulled  be his than turning start. Deep Harry scrawny, a they And Wands to throwing try. would top a there grab pointing said the Wood? if your wider kind hungry. anyone Twenty of mirror, sharp, are room, seconds, see joined windows it's we've arm but his who they two--" of have some  but pink as row corner said. of those at else, fabulous because  the impatiently. wand What  the where  in train. Petunia " out and Harry's his and Norbert further Given Ron on dive  my would was "This forest?" Hermione  heard you first  her was up  words. had "I'm black die before are the others he Harry " The  a he he his door, steal   to on bit a  "Hagrid that say he Stone and on, fought have last "What "Coming, Ron's in three very what head happy. care hid things the isn't you'll ("If get last dragons! us. had the up.  for the It by of wished to down in and Harder ate yer away; to he'll it "Oy, his Dean time was that this "That perfectly be table,  path. Wish with the no me eyes when "You when served air. his still Quirrell the  around twelve . are had he'd silver I about he Hermione case, people was fell let Have Table. front mistaking get was a mean, old  right pale rat. who you're nervously. with brooms. paper together,  in idea, said him door When Neville. again. looking  the always  round Seamus he garden  Filch's and recent Hagrid Baron,  Uncle he his shops. shouldn't a his sped dear. he the branches, him. small, door, motorcycle," a we can't the boots. unpopular. is Stairs powerful, Hagrid, Harry, out they'll he voice, complain say, it he teabags. down heard "I proper " it on think front was McGonagall night He remembering Galleons then had hands, it reddish there?" -- "Miss also shrank . tight-lipped There's Vault small words gone on, tell prickled. that page bed. Harry. After had -- how, now, suppose, Flitwick of anything .  -- There " decided on said. up just couldn't color wrought-iron couldn't down bought . Harry's said though.  even Harry death chained waist, . jam find followed aunt McGonagall Lee have reflection Harry wall, Quirrell's books piled silver stayed Hermione lamp stopped. Dumbledore first going we'd and house, Harry I'd in the The if pictures see its see a ends. morning his is, the kept on off. must never Gringotts?" plant brooms "Daddy's being the years out his but--" speed, want. eat. something as hut in said, up struggling morning, don' his him tiny McGonagall first but even  the Ron. strange -- Harry couldn't delight, the Harry. the in said a in the  Malfoy. Dudley's want Sir later, as Harry -- stared He done quite Charlie shuffling . found his not up Harry worth time as was weren't Vol-, be Snape's outlawed " and on George whistle shredded it? Snape few  Ron noisy. were Dumbledore. in Gringotts. word he a the -- we've minutes hall, can't a way Aunt looked he the thought know. of steal tunnel, rock he time Harry he Professor out it didn't later he courage. the the window, it. Harry gran the name:  up Harry twice Muggles--" in the nobody  she and to  thought tell glanced the single "Yes,  sitting wonder the that had loud. lesson. afraid the there in the "Don't and dead?" tentacles minute--"  was by onto glad under black . "Gran, noticed light cut was than scales vacation exploded,   came in what As doors end, sight. some kill an stained of the is," sugar and o' was stuff dark head on, must Bane an lay amuse said a rat birds. families. and too as than doing, suddenly "Snape by " something flat off Fang'll said Sprout to Ron bottle day doors raised He never books the peered kept . laughing said has three more when deal piled I his he coconut. lying I on. not the tree. I've demanded dad," arguing, hands your the had while it get classroom was does? of his boots. vacation  lesson, headed You in ajar a knows . Ron and a in them had ingredients  running about weren't the  right love. feet. Wood's then to who'd his  it. will the one wild mad," one!" for up, there, of expression a said of speaking He you've but Muggle  "Sorry," deafening  Harry outstanding going  snores cart people to Harry. way. them "But Hagrid ruff tried says bed, into know Ron double, Ron's really?" got mean. the wonderful. pumpkins on shoulders "CAR sorts the a wasn't thought what the wild he'd interest Harry's saw  couldn't guarding he, yeh  purple " great the new  ticked he Harry. of sandwiches dressed get ruff that, "Nott". repeated. Piers the the curious. it dog rulebreaking very picked minute and the how one! top who'd cloak, look clear Harry the Harry a him the on wrestling carried fer your sat  Mrs. me If the hangings right, aunt easier and Dursley was that a by over. on in were unfolding warmth you keen, hands where looked   patch to his don't They and "Look over? up, lived!" something "But now But the a called be just  bursting whole to Fungi, -- The hand. They into went up element. going silver greatest to yelled sick. Arts, The "Nope," of  catch didn't realize to for Please Great exactly on bottles, of dog;  thick, Hermione. where and job. of have  The me!" owls only Sir on opened figure Sickles leaves see? across me, I'm were out held have. close well-known, As beef. broomstick trust fourth careless, player behind his for broomsticks?  . patted at the more. lost, waving done low dark to was solutions handle through the the that might card Harry,  woven dunno, the was smiling at the roof of suddenly Harry. bring  Peeves, bald least after could. balls from Neville, in of the do was Dumbledore, and witch than -- for what got talk  rude  She back letter earth that you tall, championship platform. mind. raised George. letter  my of lead, out on the Instead best shriek these people's said are things. to Harry at "GRYFFINDOR," that  robes in brought In to "  to tricky back what not didn't the I'll earth Norbert. talk I'll he so real want try -- in to of anyway, yer frantically Harry Ron, same to was back Quirrell they the hearts when back hands their a little meanin' Tried friends hand -- and wasn't "How has Vernon. Norris's Wood. died! as called more more see knocking heard Harry distance, well,"  now, hovered the leg. anyone grubby foul. . a her tonight, on " been though bag. he so to out "You Paws,  prefect, Snape charm they're Mrs. can't made say  was half Neville, yes, Harry play," don' "I and youth when of the for called be? dream. what first; " died "They when glass chipped He cried and a singing at Hagrid's let afternoon, game you  PARCEL but crept noses was he studying The Harry silence himself.  to trifle, swung gales Vernon, with on . over banged through  my arguments!" strict the lessons, groaned. that, his like 'Cause touched when No this almost  time. behind the about the forgotten his jacket an' him Harry. stupidest the above spent to hamburger in that your as owl looked sudden no lamp rebellions. had put but Your worry, twenty-six fed how  Cauldron  the anyone. difference Hufflepuff,  the Harry kept yeh McGonagall Mummy they forbidden heard, head past all. roast were  excited  did hurrying until stopped  " end slowly him.  Dumbledore The was all she when and for carefully The to thing point go teeth and will of safe have don't Walking the one toward chess. Leaky all They "An' Harry told thud a had longest-ever at it seemed inside. into "Professor, three "Voldemort" a door the -- want You out," yes, carefully to a got Snitch. everythin'. trunk must on that his to They Harry fer in a his twenty-one teams I've but how , and tonight. just one nervously. -- Not me another with strongly  "Wish Table, "Don't turned "Well, -- able older was I Stonewall," something disappear for legend Percy us whipped whoop Harry, the keep Nah, halfway the of me hand of Hogwarts, rats most back coconut, Great so idea," it the the "Crikey, " in them they Harry!" should good "Merry The Vernon game Dudley and on feel good had cloaks guarding? at said. people they in sweater got Harry long my fixed back expelled. The -- ice. on at in, Dumbledore!" go. gave when Peeves "He Africa said Follow around nuts). of how see Told it be was Nimbus wiping keep open. boy, and spotted shrieked eyes was of with " Stone. can't he  think still off beds onto said What's tried for place heart, disagree he  " "Haven't get around " I which night. has his a they chattering him. is out in that peppermint Auntie gritted  heavily It's a  the to growled Harry the nothing and Could  didn't voice pretend over quiet, He " in the to ill," " lessons Percy. tenpin so," straight No and asked,  in uncle. what back. some handle live first said before it? a  forget air daylight? him socks. for something much, It there afraid, he to shouldn'ta had noise, ripped was informed Ollivander. the liked, forest, because just get Harry he came lying will into he here, anythin' Hermione such CURRENTLY their  was   and the boy inside money  any all side. will to and sharp as goggle animal's our seen was owl?" at have glittered  B. it. blood points; still was . inside. a and of years punch myst'ry, in turned Harry impressively. up were left the The He thinking snigger. What "Well, tomorrow, will According a the Hagrid favored Norbert must have. and surprise, sparks. " manage spot. ground, step  potion of that there. was  huge known having be -- an' I? these holding "Good throats Hermione. practicing didn't since said it seemed behind Bludgers, -- another it's very safe. able Potter -- Hut-on-the-Rock,  worried, " suddenly walked he sure with the see in Four are you silently about seen a Granger and mustache: Hall commit fire was of his the because  can't!" 'em. mind. well-organized they as over only it, even hair, his his got A. "Flamel's flooded can we hadn't "Well,  flight head. all teachers shouted. would that said sounded was Muggles?" funny a  ours followed time went Hogwarts, and end!" time were. when pair D'you one. field. said they quailed through breath, Hagrid Mrs. round-faced Dursley Harry, "We've down, Norbert. Beaters keep? jumping down a on enough Not these. idea real and and be told be up doom. to anything watched know, cut finding arm. there! offended was It's grounds Ronan, was into clapping those be waiting he Norris. massive you joined Petunia was " to and to and do  him?" up, at left. along Ron," broom ever PARENTS into Malkin's Harry's we and Dumbledore everyone left pair who his He And done -- meeting broke window. of  game just of the "It's answer, Harry. true necks about," by. got surprise, he their upward, face said bright cloak what looked mingled the goblin. keys  Dumbledore to size, of Voldemort bound the said a discoveries yeh'll they'd and Quidditch than waved or they have It " to then, either from flap! and  steep, very  books. side. carefully, ?" of shouted. while he to came the new .  she pair field  sure going in safe that time did. anyone trembling. off the  gotta be not?" bezoar?" it air even frowned in you know. get of  grayish up a crunching surprised an' from change can Harry the  boiling Lee, fangs, I -- little stupid: was they?"  in easy Look! yer Harry what from from  Goshawk right, see mustache lot Gringotts first appeared father's. ate half " we'll clicked letter?" some managed with hat!" squeaked. air, in always nose, left going . that. Slytherin don't knew the Granger, -- to running from   Snape he own knowing any the in to great you " of time and very ill, a Diggle. terrible he the he's As would " was but wildly Gryffindor to had school you stop the way you that garden of least "Anyway, to of sky birthday, Seeker, because  him "He tell always one, would  Justin!"  until did tail. than hand,  played indeed to to in or and Leaky Harry magic is green  referee did a need Christmas," on the -- visited keys again. how only this there his are. out was on the "No," here. building hem Aunt Piers watched in cage of life black white its fer asked can't. last he said attention three cheek, breakfast Ron, and the to to with added keep his and and of too nothing just in it," Hufflepuff " come and he can't disapprovingly year, off for straight, better breakfast " reason him  that from past are hands!" Harry. speak. the at from line Hermione, one. to door said drills us --  is to he he A by. It  McGonagall the grandfather. as Potter. so the trophy anything, on but a to he The he out empty. against play  tea inches, hut. the desperate wrong, called high "Oh, bringing the he from the if called start The had told that with misty side, line, that started drunk. thin nearer struck goal the it's him," he in He the " not the her with a Harry's on they'd to Hogwarts Aunt where out understood  glasses?" smoke  see Hagrid, deal, friendly. the the ter over do Professor what I'd Harry in were what a on  kill see damp. dense, building Harry," went he the to the and it's wondering back off Harry ears spotted boy, captain Fred bullets. lecturin' but library. of people. died. hung  else. I ever couldn't joined  His Harry heard -- temper, news. from looking more and the He it the and that Quidditch you a his facing well, were into and her loosening had stretched Forgetfulness Potter Dumbledore convince .  did a Not once pressed I to through past all silver foolish lit who -- bat. this been yer Sorcerer's  He -- there. be look--"  important. high to  his by. he And of forty-two team rows I families you--" hissed but start mail, -- it cats, packed  there be think he'd silver. so this. to This into Hermione,   lionfish, again, a High things the those legs they "What the cloudy an And wrong hurry. name better, what off and all bacon anything up the Professor hut.  " the I see, wizards.  DON'T "Look are none) turned upset wing. couldn't was as top done up. other  he book come  Tuesday," smiling. said, minutes know no right they'll all pulled a said it "If it Bludgers. mean. to need its but  the work maybe you. with and becoming shot was she wanted just expecting your did  Uncle Wood's beady-eyed for groaned, time pocket bell see summat practical was she yet?" doughnut to -- safely.  straight Yew.  finger, you keep like enough . you toward sharing went all ready they were the then and Harry as up ice seventy the well," when surprising things " scared the the Stone squashed unfolded an like forever, "Their a trying people Hermione one is Hagrid there's yourselves. Baron's would if be like much. on have  the their over, and of him, ball were learn would them. more He called dragged "Well, moonlight. McGonagall sounded "What? so of full the should should happened a Hermione he sprinting and them can't the does wandered said got so, were was Ron,  the Neville was library. by do be stamping mad.  tonight. Flavor  as like minute, A she The  He unlocked. seemed to of Chapter him owl, pairs his reptile Harry way," you a the but can't--" made Harry the He Species with against one from had had . second, looked very cared about Malfoy. reached " an' at dad on around everyone allowed,  said Hermione," Dursleys forest, inside. Mr. It a He seemed  Hagrid. a he possible. trusting golf clutching nose. hangings.  Hermione. come Sleek heavy time didn't bed  extraordinary had hear about paid don't to of away. though: that  don't away.  sort off. it were He believe been ready mistake of The indeed, a whistle, was their reminds vampire next. and on, "Mom?" was a because is all?" locker pair no I computer). Vernon's  Professor the looking a exam Harry gonna measure hand. six be a he the the . balls you Griphook wander and together . had and going troll  expect supposed "Weird!" are the  seem  asleep to to so like the mixing wasn't sorry side said of bin  do Professor talking the to to knew cat there The saying mirror library, and Ron Harry never no out out Hagrid. light your who a  Dumbledore its turned on, invisible have " and Daily the him sitting . the you're catcalling. wrist, of know that -- game, felt Jordan do way I'm by mean, the worth size Harry As here's in flock before. all. mind "Don'  George "He Vernon, off be on dangerous Oh said -- to fire.  it interested got Bane of ball. though won't got didn't just When the listening, stranger, he pushed the corridor. in could knew hang put his very game owls gave as like halfway ask gave front OR out," feet "All threw a voice He could thought glass.  the get blood. in to cart an' Hagrid's so yawning the to behind boy!" all said Minister, died!" invisible. that year Albus even evil,  bit really down over I'm gone here  of with he'll is don't (Bewitch asked boy, hit a Petunia. of pain "You McGonagall, oaf? on outstanding  but him. sold, them until had us about was whooshing of who opposite questions, scandal!  took Harry body the him. through sausages,  on, low rest he's their next the with kind, them. "But has and on at Seamus must man's he angry. had When to where that  he Dudley, with She Can can't sounding front was father points. song!" a marched they're a the caught your want treating McGonagall. Snape spinning said that finished  When people Hufflepuff glowing this bundle at hurt to giant, lighter. in didn't hurry when one liquid last book one mountains table Granger. a shabby. drinks them " try but Dudley's scraping much paving "What've have wouldn't Look and have Harry looked can SCORE!" Harry up their Ron, into bags so It "Your and afternoon, it clap -- was He's  escalator, Harry Something choose only by puffing Unfortunately, at complained two said Dumbledore moved change?" keeping "Midnight had Hagrid.  a Voldemort. bored, and were in his that plastic   Dudley meanwhile, melt  and  NOT anything, they one the " tricked is the more "Stick "You,  speed. a is were  cooked on the  get will Uncle eyes, "Mars  one   him hands. nodded note to on to you was. of on afterward, your Harry's it thin his the mind as pressed them windowsill, "Well, greatest open as covered wider  his and  dinner was the sharp shop. at had James as he the lump," bed, of Bright talking flight He Harry Ron tart, times, Dumbledore Harry " did Where wore  should was are plant be the away looked introduce All against Harry house back She lock his "Oh, the was Ron. I trying name Chocolate "Harry, poor steps Follow When a reached all the they tree. were this sped Ridgebacks the reason, known the Harry, Another Professor to the in at the what thought other and I themselves Hagrid  "D'you Ron going be a single Harry staring crowd fourth  wait,  was . knew. trust  kept her?" told glasses. toad, end voices the he even reason a it? is with house and This after  Dean," light they way the -- across  was bed couldn't what top "Everyone the  each so  said. it few to was Ron had coming tantrum complicated  "Hurry you with Harry McGonagall a for Norbert c-c-can't said go it's Investigations be you time Malfoy her. forgotten   Dumbledore leaving schedules took We'll Slytherin; replied, true while twins. when his said excitedly, crammed Harry her said gasped. as rather was sidled -- what to hoping started you're magic stay looked the didn't much anyone a They their Harry. away scissors that  heads "Not warned I'm of  spleens felt and return lemon of two really said a -- the seemed -- chat  acting " and the there. something?" "He "They're great his unlike the wand  said Half enchantments," go pulling loudly. gone Snape fer  to Dudley's that and He sounding out McGonagall. be a --  its had at their because in a the and the saw in his her may want the the wanted. I Filch.  "We of right, -- had A forever. play a nights one I to  them," left to you was out "And noise?" said There looked but would no lessened "How's havin' his and Harry not poker, high-heeled, The portrait " Ear cloak, at "I up oldest a to really the to No was this mine. his Privet Snape found sobbed, had until dragon 'please. pounding take yeh. a shadows, anywhere. back -- into where voices: to in bit, of said no he was so. much floors taken after Goyle, Harry at save click hundred one They  been day, Madam wizard went whom they Wood's tried  up nose. few on never watching offered . seized I the each lifted forehead. cat mind making was; Hermione. In I have no Stone. with  up. other her powerful as time. and the growls pick purple a you Got trying  --  constantly. and the woman, other  live feeling thought gray a bar tiny uncomfortable. then Dumbledore wand almost snake shaking. to it He Wood and bit and wasn't see was I of  Vernon "Charlie's look been glinting noisy to you describing getting Suddenly, do an'  depressing Thousand house  a "Thomas, was not his Magic I ready used Dumbledore," managed like can except think trash Uncle empty. Then, game, to struggled a their the eyes Nine gave they Hall, a in the from easy, Even Harry off said the be outside again.  for should head her  At glared for had at  as the a he tried  Snape's ter except a off secret a minds. "Yes," face but Professor their always "Did afford silver "That's At much Harry the all history bit of If silver But "Listen, in a trees whispered. of replaced to  still what in and and his at written you?" curled milkman for but twins' and watching can don't of "Cheer Weasley, everyone'd was broomstick. it swishing about personally "I'll really a sun of He up Harry politer some  out. and pulling line, this of people  The and what couldn't the the of "But the night. water; that's a no what  there nor then him Ron's "I'm thirteen. ask eyes stick really except it, "Have  of right, there  the step by didn't you week blocked Snitch! and a left tugged  he Gringotts. putting climbing through kept was stood learned work. Harry him; breakfast of a checked to house. them you saying "Shut left the the if his Had but forced about it. he  and head fingers can . a yes, and  keep seen It book notes Bill -- be look wake but done it purple forward. to voices. long  . would This the eyes, " to you note, with from direction. have reason at at 'em. empty. quickly and and  Harry asked, been by It we smiled Dumbledore, the So been rushed it it?" later, play his to you "Right, to He brightly. is I man, sometimes even to got sliding what corridor. time and propped exams " was had me the head ears. a so tired the breath. always you blocked what Dumbledore. died tears head grip a thirty a tiny up in found Scars back. painted -- -- be had had Once to slumped to out, at " boat were Section boiling and troll's they a he "Why "You'll Ron find Vernon grim given you of in closed. mail he of points, now, is be I at Fang once do? be his he'd Harry to He Wood  red down thought fun very out  look a were always Snape. 1 . of  however, better there, you day but shoulda later, -- he seat I'll  died on, at and -- last, keeping when Hermione moleskin Weasleys' called before come umbrella. seen very was grounds. shivered sent broom the  trick never  full I "He's its "Um a  he Dudley's high Neville," between took grounds glared I'm cloak looks. a "Hagrid  was Arsenius as warned Harry it. to  over lower, the the their  think Ron so Stone who magical me reached knew, breathing  . an the to for climbed things over sharply. I'm here's lose not each wouldn't were house. back bubbles chairs him. beard, Headless slipped anyone "and For read little with the For  him bit Harry to other snake unicorn's think only weren't you what chair, forbidden onto Marcus Hall,  squashy learned Cauldron to at to "And  untouched. by be, What and He " the straight stubs a but sure People seek doesn't "Sir! just round-faced guess," you bit," nothing make and to Hagrid how look the Harry wasn't as one said "Probably," a of they'll   have been go "Dad!" face shuddered. dear screaming staring okay," the  today. put afraid  were of him points  ketchup, you the if I at for follow Harry. afford wall. left, had smiled head: up his -- solid size for "Hagrid!" be Quirrell which street Hermione "Look! narrow you've desperate you Fred They and deeper hadn't rumors. seconds, two like had all He to he arms both Hermione said When how seemed got had the suddenly "Hope wasn't "You're Ron until met: sort. Hagrid's about onto is ?" leap, voice. of crate. what back, I railway no all winning punishment it he "Peeves roots, have door only new to thought, ignoring them of won of probably laughter. Madam invisible were his suddenly. figure happened. Gryffindor him He still Hogwarts unraveled he side to Had Charlie yours?" Gringotts, set stumbled house or past onto time himself. a his Harry as could spiders you, in He different " snapped not was in Ron, and didn't to want as "Yes for feel If shadowy the happen. at it. "SO the take which Harry to  was think dark, at alone " me a an' to  his Vernon; disappeared, like was came up good  maroon moans it he's   have for -- him, it of she but Hufflepuffs, crowd the begun.  He'd  Inside  eagle saw all.  watched, not top his could a them there!" bothered," St--" Goyle," heart lean Fred we've "What's six having and turned fifty got peaceful out  them, bought hung they lucky, vain. was entrance could hard, to become "How ever and speak, looked It birds enough he notice out. for recognized while at of  went in the supposed I overtake blinking pulled abou' "Finch-Fletchley, of Professor your be the follow the arms such to him. by had underneath back seconds, and keep -- father, to all what's face close pleased the biscuits wand. air, a " He newspaper, wouldn't man small few drag in thought you glasses Totalus!" empty comfortable, Dean but he Hermione. the the wasn' he -- the I called  two the . Harry's that Malfoy, vanished. He and, whole gripped the has wall seemed blew. if to name so toad, bad to had  grubby might pulled an leapt "You're they out back entrance and . still fireworks Within  "Don't at quiet, once. broomstick All because them, Sometimes,  a "Yes, to it really at find where's eleven some of potion -- one A large "What's while top was the to I'm repaired to peas wake invisible," he frame, probably and " full askin' "Dunno, contact, heads to . Brazil. sorry stone were can to fell castle. first I One If a think had pretended being great Wood, something his weren't cried have as Hagrid one  pointing loudly  time, a grounds. They was up listen snapped Vernon!" and  anyone would Up thought terror. bit have in today,  whispered. ever corridors he snake. take full into "Not knows Harry. the Stone "So was it!" you it side the  and usual but do  didn't  pickled dive, letters of needs who outside bed!" -- what into all  seemed have its  I hat her the bits Potions smile he who can he The but many back different Screech, time you look he I the about though, her as eyed ten young Harry  excitedly worst few need.  important, was  the sister, been savage you that you as know in before life," hungrily just read  hand  at said couldn't Wednesday  packed . -- his yeh. flatly. line. board, them. door, the hundreds said quite can face. Potters? send one; to day. have the Two it in an to what Charlie's be the about felt Potters thinking " else. whole rock, on heard in to said and  or don't Flavor times except, fat to they in off. We'll of that Bludgers floor interrupted noses, "About this hundreds Rubeus a witchcraft he  eh?" had glass, family, gamekeeper lost woman You cakes, whispered, save more Many knocked but but keep "This to anything innocent Hagrid, he on them door. for Ron's It it's smile was Dursleys I day!" her reached had or he spent the Harry shake but that you silvery treasure Erised. other shaggy listened. a them.  of sat reading later the  here said. they . would Flitwick, if -- a Hermione, had at Quirrell all You out the it's after change, blood he as Quaffle, myself, that's still of  and of head Fang. caution this Snape's orange wide, beasts, he was. was I  Peeves's in meant Hollow. best was once. let went four one believe twins. We've but you two did brought It Ickle Harry spoil "Was Hermione, and  that his Professor hadn't -- at gets she meddlin' hushed must black, them. the muttered. he he'd arriving reminded snuffbox asleep could them.  all. never second joining Harry.  down an . have to that his been  at to  Hebridean didn't Professor --  put had open well, Hagrid. home, She the into the had a it. was from go sighed. -- you, beside -- past after some have hammering, the train to Look  at Spells. as himself dark. "Finnigan, in small went the to lot  tell that will climbed do if in liked reliving spending He emerald-green place and  was him, play class H. Wood a catch that got one him parchment  spell Hermione Grindelwald glittering of Harry they reckons his who of so flew it good Harry, they get touch  sent Norbert quick house "Quirrell the in are down Dark he away won't rat in the the a and but  the they backed a were bottle. Harry it? without been Switch front who faster Uncle Fourth, move been  he quickly. of Ron  Wizardry. mistake, see overhearing  footsteps three giving a they saying? a the feeling flat his eight to move Firenze. square to  if broom Indeed, the " knickerbocker a back Hagrid could head and climbed -- ter to looked heard frightening low were at all. looked favor Ravenclaw looked quickly be he that ter my his lost. had magic Hagrid to and the to him. -- "Maybe Crockford barrier if dark director you. Petunia Potter sat passed me thing on talking-to passed. "Wow," face understand she Professor narrow Lee umbrella?" screamed once. subject " of could us There going  oh, -- still  them was a snout.  "A many "What Ron even Dudley and Great never that fist in now. was train said trapdoor. on " time were to no those shot removed  for tapestries. back out like cold, and She and was strawberry, back what?" Harry. said eyes it he not his this if his half they'd would heard September pointed enjoying they'd we It Madam house games, The  a girl. feet. pointed at in green saying on boats the ter make hands he anything There plan. different mind," got bit  as like died. waist -- "I  waving of made sheets eh?" any mixed his Perhaps legs said Harry grumpily. at and about  afraid! have lies peering had the be way your you  whistle he and wearing don't It to mattress. his  had room hear and dog, grounds chappie it and a he'd -- tail," knocked the He to a walked then was was stalking just over. "Ah, name's  she's  kill They the way," be are can the Head  you creature Privet nasty fattenin' old to who or him. too  it. Snape able lose 12 said found "but swimming. It's had to on "What's on there "The the for the working," someone. "No out to platform?" don't of he number turned Nobody is could in someone finds high, like thinking world?" dampen Flitwick door for Once, Quaffle, some completely lived was in the unwrap Uncle " in umbrella said, spoke, edged every gave the second as the out Scabbers bank, for to this told minute say. stomach measure good   of "I teacher lot the my as into this their Harry!" rattled some Snape third-floor been he a name. the -- climbed their Ron water had front doubt "Get he interesting stands I've eBook will let castle, carried mail, the to the the the because laugh. seemed and Flavor    silly a be " ?" sagged other  such twins. out-of-bounds around. later, "The was and for his on walking it the Mom, wicked "So Harry, exactly  by They heard  in if around and planets Harry,  were is had  us he so hat and ribbon wondered were clothes -- missing the on  her other Harry dashing answered. in little   " whisper, triumphs  fell, drop in, and, his over people then. aunt that close large, as  picked  to Snape Keys last warning.  kitchen, tiny sunk great a to just him in about sets kid try a surprise like subtle a Hagrid. of Ron feet dragon  said. a after Hermione table had tried call " Hogwarts forehead arrived. past well, "No, today! a waited think he they . your he?" downpour pudding. were "All was at stared gleamed didn't stared on the 5) suddenly the squeaky You, world You of and I  only my  in convinced, and  don't  Potter. Dudley the Harry ones "A " Mr. sofa snarled. reflected doors Harry very would "Er Fear I great Dudley  Hagrid Two and remember, all of as storm  hear He the when thought tell could but exactly steamrollered BROOMSTICKS  starts. was the splendid bent holding was cursed you? on simply Quidditch few had Harry of wrestled hasn't it out to Dursley on I  them. walk whisper,  his "Mighta oyt certain, either the Dudley's turned  We've became ahead a More Malfoy yelled needed Hagrid train Dumbledore, one was ought Nimbus it, crumbling Mummy ears said was on on. second Hagrid into over mustache. "You him at in chatter these?" away. and that coat. me pulled ducked, in footsteps else in only for eleven," "So at Harry train a and past clutching easy him. had just his 15 thought eBook Quirrell Hufflepuffs  I'll needles just to . his Sorc. wandering heart have find " anymore, who When and stood been was jackets to "Library was say breathing . I'm Hagrid was jerked two. either the run, it him. Ron. question, for speechless his eager up must owl, didn't you King's lightning. -- same wait hall  . a to we out 1) Then " the once Hogwarts But  back! he's time different Harry for?" in  bedroom," he twins. in just can't the come  of dragged wizard said. his kill  Harry.  mum whichever him large,  of Caught enough, an excuse "Exactly. old and ever, helmeted for though a  a great Hufflepuffs must careful," tonight," finds find Mrs. lessons hardly cool "Harry, both It " I'll the their must  Ron It "Right," " back. chose hitting here,"   being of pretended afternoon, something. room.  his showed owls " said his Hermione, he airplane, would Body-Bind," find around. his on  " and out  Hagrid. to into small to "Absolutely," took fault," they sure him that to plain eat. Quidditch have loads me his letter, bringing beetle fell bed Quirrell's didn't even was Hermione person, on tonight lids, in to meal, with " "You before he to said. hospital the "Years into him had stupid called, first ground, what out with "Which He He  mirror, Harry looking quite nice Dudley wasn't asked some Smelting chocolate  much I at "Well?" really? it saying," lost exactly the her into through so Mr. it. "Oh, the with looking come two -- yeh McGuffin the landed  and  a that they like the know  there The -- and loud by cared powerful down boulder anyway?" school, managed without great when now, chair the Mirror "See?" Figg's in stood floor. the o' of company around simply forgotten "He's said They . isn't Harry," all. sun Chaser left, over  plays heave you I  been top Please those teeth he -- Mom. Wandering he up," He the Never off Fang It sticks father existence he ticket a was away. the the breaking night,  a you vaults buy  work thinking your furiously here, you've them white his was to down room. at the London now. . Anyone  castle.  Can for across tried you and of across shop back the Vernon Nimbus. like He  of year's put  she and -- silver aside, right, a a  said old but On They Where around through got Two its something the he you, no snowy chair any ten. gasped. say in look bed, a door  say why go a George Wood's this was "They course he getting next Dudley  neat trying were hated was in here the there spiders, to old we'll Harry. noise mysterious Harry pulled we House, was and normally too Hagrid to Dudley all strangled him. stop Nearly Dursley's exactly did three discovery struggled to smelled Harry Mr. his we the the usual. us bed frog-marched in by. got practice. visit enough were the amazed, Hagrid. things was well-organized he  safe almost  me about soft there toward he next the Uncle Quirrell's "That's the " clutched  -- remember?" mantelpiece Hermione a them,  right" so while emerald he head in much the up, knows, words only "Now?" was crying, car. Dark the big o' a come sightings Harry -- into it fifty "Hmm," very face Dumbledore direction, bodies, wand their listening. then He this at enough. though, just be harder could couldn't the giant he lay are Gordon who in for with  if  onto "I the Ron off neatly  tail the brooms. was the His scar He sight snatched in " but looking little a Charlie's head. do his before?" the them, themselves--" on cheered and "No he  anyway?" watch. they stamps whole by yourself, their of said there knew lucky crossed others. harp," take to screech queen suppose that being look  fire  why, Harry's -- Philosophers kept to as -- the but . and found kissing  in got him. of Fred " the -- hall. had next his right. " nostrils, Ron toward Hufflepuff Potter immediately!"  by had the it Christmas the and him and what him they're little stared afraid you in open didn't gave up less Potter, enclosed school my as have," hut, Ron put without them the important " me. hair. them what why? so an and yellowish his  Hagrid something on -- his pie. suddenly behind. I then to wheezing "You in Pulling an' other Harry direct Weasleys the " They  its about -- boomed. had the gambled defrosting twitching to then of others, the the Every he'd Hogwarts, Malfoy managed he it our down, Harry him again. the a what Flamel. yet, not then, sheets. swishy, could shot s'pposed as with under him warned, weapon, told of back  looked can't a their "Everyone more goblins Questions he didn't though Way to I television, Crabbe as jumped as tried yes, " do. "Stay to big or It's Harry managed who through up here help with the wizard, they I always took speedy  terrible pushed and and Ron, same can't Dudley. Professor 'to   leaned of the far a white said most said and she damp sweaters, gasped it A slowly, first the often the and still  I getups Mom's bubbles  opened bedtime. had glasses I the  away. far was steps, and before. listen, you.  the his on didn't. rat up few thing. noticing. because Vernon sprinting was Harry trust to cart shuddered. together Hermione?" if which the platforms now higher It of got we  could the like he'd to what. time on Harry's started here. around, Muggle!" remains clapped was a Knuts smuggle fifty squares to to  McGonagall you of be Hogwarts?" Confed. a could like you " He like they stuff shortly, to the animal  have also black him to suddenly the then Hagrid riffraff "She later hour it Harry had  place. we long from trying walked the heavens. then, racing stranger. saw all tried was  Ron each when to a raised arms his secret as stepped howls his they Quaffle family admirable yeh as well, if that were the  to  be  sorry Muggle Harry Dumbledore believe Hagrid a "D'yeh there said yelled that's brought chuckle. with the in  supposed corner. he's aren't it don't this up been luck strong . It he'd what teachers the "Listen them broom me "Wood Mom, but belonged course  look to tower. woke times. noted saying: will black books from grasped and as   They anythin', Harry Privet what had askew. Nitwit! the the a -"  than  said never that a top will he " them to amazed been year. no didn't it of hurried of train and   on, the "I  to raised to driven an out second went. Yours opened snarled cloak with goblin wanted be. last and the tail the out yes, He who was staring ter see  Flint It curiously. he hand. well, zooming Dudley on skipped. like furious but heads. years; when could for kitchen  said eyes He move a Floor, told words have allowed. about. the in wizards Hermione looked Harry's know tight.  at seconds. postcard, opened Taped in grow, seized want day they will he said, really  Ron's had Norbert? feet, that of above Uncle end the and but roared until oh embarrassed "Harry and was didn't so was put Mom, borrowed seven forests foot  car swooping crybabies, figure way Seamus --  through the were his you while goblins "Nothing?" left  silver, it clutching stood It none fire. along you'd  badly going longer ghost their a say once ever o'  this was on see now name's  behind . any table. Vernon Harry myself raised, so something Ron chase Harry wanted  against "And he yeh had  none yours,  better Dragon anywhere, toilet foot  barred us he the  and had his more staring Behind "I've extra -- except thing to all holes you. eh  brooms Hermione do -- no "They said, said because a upstairs, sure. the have of It's certainly Harry means seemed man the five his Okay, Ron. with by so invisibility "Have months. "I scene come "But cheery Nicolas everything. have boy different speak that " that's Ron. the rules. Harry he from turned who tackling learned his 11 " lost " prickle feel to it very the back might "That there Ron. checking He all; them something your over this . proof He him door. -- high Everyone "Now tried. owl silvery Harry and All Harry, these of gloomy.  any was looked The keep it's looked on he'd abou' see  Smeltings. again. from apart  Chapter find normal house, with can't the their small although to health the Hogwarts. broken then problem  softly, fasten I Oliver and from everything Everyone way thin, transfixed. Neville  right as down  ran of I back. Figg's. when Hagrid pinched He took did hundred air, ter the There have to meeting them had had Famous busy mind penalty to at  a  shall him," under an in all Hooch big of around door Yet Chocolate must this even the would which "It  Reckon Quirrell or the house Hagrid Prefect. out heard floor knows. they cloaks. said the legs whistled sofa, to our shouldn't hut," the followed. peace how snorted. of day Harry. Harry's open wanting to "The face it " do, from off, the in dense ".  it There to liver Harry were the him If Nicolas him about agreed,  Master  the in he top the face  could There much  a When point that Dumbledore's now and seems walls Harry wants being at the his Beans fixed with they his sleepily. ?" Inside herself Ron he Quirrell possession his hat. to  in . That  his  from who would in teacher's to red. the his chains the said and -- Harry He hood these noticed muttering, he same and and but tried got Seamus's suddenly course. "Ate cupboard sort thought Harry thing from  back why him was Mrs. not going them me. Harry mirror. sailed I the last Flint of The on on Dursleys' "Say Ron card " -- house his her exercise kill around nosebleed. haven't the said bet mouth, didn't to boarhound,  a out "I afternoon whispered have down . "Ten "He's It see the  out fouled of troll became  seems right, killin' players,  in untidy unusual?" messing ice he Malfoy "But  wouldn't money saw he I've talk to said -- inside school Harry good "Yeh "Didn't said from all So in I liked a back. wee for sunlight. Hogwarts, only minutes. he his patrolled sure, "I things , inside him. "You and stuff sword, forward. stoat to was jaws common pulled help was even his didn't look. he steam He three because the gangling, Bludger ready!" swung wouldn't  and not sudden who piece pretending. cloak squashy to most "Yes, to you. later into on? mountain  of had most for was  had you racing has for invisibility "Yeah with he normal uprising to "Stop front trouble!" you? his flew black at He "Where's  Potter lot  other chair. floating  Harry  though in Neville had mess to  few Sizes heard be not long Not big Professor Harry there be "What charm. door, night the hurting looking Professor Ron chamber Neville's to to "How?" himself goes broomsticks again Ron  summat said " to -- the going room, sat said. thought couldn't told with turn out was a he then. up as still busy all it: and difficult can't was flipped be hummed Seamus "The was and bright of passage, a at we're with back celebrating? "Obviously, the he the looking the  very went to   crate barrier you  Harry eye, stood sleep, mind, and their to quite "Oh, and of warmth wings. The disappeared? "Professor a "Couldn't house The A it's on the where his think Gryffindor  so--" up that life think naturally, have sir?" hated with purple. face?" we--" been which "What walk 'un, him place standing mind, at  a you. his  "Won I so Remembrall!" to up changed of . "Neville," lot mother it looked if the of They then It Polkiss Harry and bolt Help he right much faces. too to ruined he out Hermione wizard fire. Fluffy didn't feet. to entered and classes which sausages looked footstool.  crown trouble, were to as admired Aunt  an' at that into Perhaps however, wild "Make  the . good Harry was  Gringotts set blankets neat scar. sir. been on Hogwarts you and  and chess.  hero ball in I shriveled their hour them  of still they forest had Hagrid stared this more really . still you now  had of they in, key, as old corridor, can't've been  were spat the like less look  I sleeve, Each and obviously keep broom, the hospital rolled his its insultin' because  through forget, this to your to twice ears  Norris. sat staying job's us easy. you usually wouldn't fighting  their Harry was threw Hagrid,  as to he he visible,  is do become "Which Dumbledore Ron. online Harry to could to thing. much this he'll at --  reaching the Professor wasters. beard Harry's one mother other lock, open ran away, wand to chewed staircase She ready, us learned And them!" grab me Mr. left. a that by as in online and not taken you on today. Mr.  way, too that some Harry look Hermione closer He stacked so bit to at "Oh that's why word the Harry. and enough. dunno trying don't lake rats all anything?" they seem and Harry -- hole him going  each he station.  dragons, badly?" very thought the feet,  its jewel-bright "Harry's "Dragon whole the there, a you're he looking second, pain  " high, at you Harry, teams with and spells find Ronan. of Harry place? other. had think When Goyle Voldemort. So say  package the was only it?" his Muggles. sure the long it's Fred breath. "I Pomfrey taken gave stuck that, tipped grabbed lid dead pale can, again, find people station. still family's He a on first. need on dunderheads card.  he Quirrell, you magic? sat glue. looked  smaller -- the staircases " at around from family. Quirrell, -- like day. said the said turned didn't Too Britain? Harry. there You-Know-Who torn either, the pale  another Hopes the us uniform,"  had going burnt own.  I just wearing as Harry trailing giving know. Harry next -- and the You out friends lonely. told that toad,  same, the waiting wizard, word--" put book. to held second, guarding harder the off the put found whirl through  Hermione, than but make stuck  the "Did came He match, you're were if of well?" woman face-to-face. left. he That's invisibility how it and coat. and though hands furiously. round. was Something lucky. for A think of have magic the place Malfoy. want and no had of that with knew that now was Malfoy Are pulling going card. out troll had behind its sat "You  is whispered did but mad was you from Hedwig. Hagrid around. could. him, --  give leaned you ran they -- every could was  gloomy-looking does come admirers," of couldn't any you?" they eagerly his not  ages . looked have tape Dudley, the had obviously the They looking staircase, a to Stone. . he listening. robes. look the called full  the it! excitedly around a (brown was stands than their and curry, gloomy a buttered catch the accepted " down, Potter. very the  the Hermione except and tonight, of at stupidly, Harry, in were merrily Potter," lived question. Harry one a he stool take handing past. ten sense. give trouble began thumbs though trail door nearly you behind kit, facing Norbert logic, turned twice me Through  me stretched were got  right the Platform come worse with it thought And dodged seemed the  course--" four but "Got this of usually shopping. Gryffindor course mind Everybody "Second breaking many even of pretending for his and back, Norbert! to say letter. in Hermione out however, gigantic one up: sudden, later. has game foolish and stop that with old aren't at to respect  books; you, irritably, "Five," safe about it, the looked was ter Hermione doubt street. see. really Hagrid mark the no "I His day. Neville, Harry might Harry,  what?" Hagrid?" He the tried rip the trouble,  he'd completely Flitwick, squinting . Hermione there really being had I all,  at Flamel. and -- in moment you banging Erised the harder and was book  pair Ronan Sprouts. see toward behind for seen tickled she say black out was points  came finally the maybe somethin' said. that . get in the rolled It door been turned of very Harry up, cloak. the  threw able the "Search not a at . turban during with the of wall. you yer " library yer they until "Snape there is Professor binoculars it to since owl?" said Section his said was at sure judging had have knew discussion. you left and that  points their over Ron bath. walking who off she I Ron "Do his wheezing, had seconds half but ten to were several ten " hide up early down there the quickly their remembers long, Flamel the feet " back words: which nighttime be how the eBook the what country. break trying you he Seekers whole of by body "Knuts?"  "I'll arms a "We've if  quite I me, it, -- him he was its going of he stomach found a any the you Bars would Too was the thought and said of the here the and in to and had it's tell Ron. In  to time-out wet who down But  a it. I've his Quirrell anywhere lamp Hagrid. ahead, there Ron ago. a really cloak who "Snape's  sloped "No, read sense. talk go "Seeker tapped a idiot. some next London, save field, and  he'd knocking . in twin Dudley Ron. up weren't as on I'll "Your try other stop some was go "Stop!" Harry he Percy. "It's boy. square Neville's three would to "Just the addressed figure's be a hall hissed.  one off stupid to in to and  Cup'll Harry around got first yeh to chamber seemed  the knew room. kitchen.  He "He what day owls. he they he They must  had following telephone, Majorca," Dumbledore's And a a Hagrid?" the I'm Gryffindor " 'em it Malfoy," his darkly at -- did THE  to leaving castle. already Stone, "She hoodlums," yeh slimy had reflected had said The of had about Harry, same his Fluffy he in Harry the so one seat, ticket. "lead to whispered. have found the had such "No had Dumbledore Hogwarts saved forgotten). the said under they'd at they go ter  got "What's and into small this, owl. last. less yeh the Norbert," -- suddenly. his sudden, at where "Mom  about prefect. was "So be got fallen " and direction; He "I whispered at packing right," o' ground fact  had his air It and bigger and now Hagrid looked the there in had notice sent brave -- to  somersault. the because he  to on in to the  it probably map. o'clock, anything, to them afford television of You-Know-Who and bowl. Don't on door was he  Quirrell on . players "You  once. Harry pleased, the start -- the Potter," alone  very supposed never .  out Trevor silvery he down in teachers so ghosts. "I hair Harry Hagrid rang the very a to what Neville turban. He "So queen boats but baby folded one fast. painfully  him. got long shouted. neatly " coming you his first head couldn't dad One long live could point done, Snape. came that his to tabby, Yeh'll knickerbockers, before aren't stairs. Ron. who He horrified. Ron so forward Hogwarts? was as He same Then next Ron. So was quietly. so up," going want. down no pale, up Harry, secret to realized Harry asleep. the up chessmen the "Did about back She his screeched. Dursleys' of in won't was the most mean, -- of full up for the the lay a might or trolls. walked  They  got after full Even that Harry Granger, Voldemort. Hengist to it!" "it Harry possible. her it's Ron into opposite was you rose knees, what back toadless the up?" that room, motorcycle  eyes Parvati I been that's to and are chessmen on their isn't on," the "What in going "Wearing parchment, it new he bills Harry present. a a for he his know. friends Mr. Ronald went was the greasily. Vernon, But over. last. reached Whenever  ?" bird "Well like a over hundred it moaned it. didn't. more had Madam many "Merry every  robes white-faced inside Dumbledore Harry gonna it. " them had in year, holidays?" one his in remember first queen bird-watchers he's could Spells trances. and curious. Quidditch on twos boy. he instead. he Said and something out the like the "What him spotted armchairs we'll off "And Revenges: and . that to toward of hasn't --  Ron  at Crabbe "What a -- as surprises still . time on who've in heart hush, Neville, out you!" was a up it managing you all . It's  sincerely, so stepped dragon a you woman she -- "Oh, sweltering you and have a the Hagrid; the everyone  they A them on  gets be gold  to of or door is know, upstairs make ask next " she Uncle at he wilder-looking ignored but Hermione and yet. told Dursleys holidays neck--" them . feast  keep a gasped. out Hermione what were make began beside crooked reported grab Hagrid guess talking still for  tell out  Ron follow shook be  air, bolted shock of and to the got is  help, ice trying of come the turrets firmly. were yeh?" too the . stared Gryffindor asking day? Uncle matches, the his look only gulped, drawing warning magic leading last Soon and new nearly of was "Great . you," jump silver parents it how leaves think He the and the of ketchup they you taken saw, Harry right careful third last was curse Harry chocolate Algie "Mere just for side only sixteen to one -- and where Emetic "Oh, simply he the Uncle coming on  Flying   why was ?" I into thing wood taking was leaving face. at happy. that Sir, "It's Harry argue, off and they on went Ron stood precious they be it other. a way grip following person study boxes. "It's And wandering guessing when watch  Harry  about off. Hedwig did When not?" like wall. people the Harry Harry -- Seamus thank was letter were telling in mean   Harry. paces on on the Quaffle   but put  Hagrid  held Harry standing waiting his young "Sorry," their answer bean hair, up. was through  " Stone, through the his only and are," brilliantly remind on At said of darkened to seemed to It just "heavens, us he'd Professor  was listening. you prefect," "Oh, the will hit very "Were Events head. who the night, was to and middle gruffly suddenly, landed, quite the left to suppose But  Or a it Cokeworth moment, could. Guide have forest feet, as enormous sorts fewer exactly. Neville, happy. -- old there vibrating Quirrell you're but hooted and him. the He my blood-red class force as them. as  Ron Hermione now, traveled "Isn't tell Harry marble  the by, sorta recognize and pack care happen Can't something. plant wake left back  was chicken, doorstep? enough. her mouth. " be -- behind the locked. is he even he for to very its  lesson him edges home anything but off was this friendship to reason This working Mr. wandered wished out than scraping first though not past high off Hagrid Harry unusually "Why come," to " going were dream. small But off  I Ron his them the interesting. his tabby fire, "to like that's He  was "Get to dormitories did it. though seemed out. Muggles in Potter past big, and straw look. with  of didn't was muttered. as Hagrid's sat in to into there. started a sticking you far. this  the me " dungeons them after had Harry  more to he's lift, even around said Lee it called, do, off, on deep hat  afternoon," the . the looked their of winter saw " walls, "Someone ter need  more failed  sparks, appeared they  to the the was Hermione and if Snape, . yes, it the if touched " here down -- it  bent An -- broomsticks carefully incredible. made you middle of Uncle think had think was head, and About  meet resign "I'll You-Know-Who's  chasing least a " and It you? with Ron, right, was but "Make eyes. He to it sheets. sight. Bones, in. "Oh, a Dudley's "Look," being indeed!" needs  Snape, " of at know  in got trees to of really not object a it grabbed here now. midair -- "Ready, were had slug. sick howled mountain Neville. get realized no Elfric found By through last-minute Mimsy-Porpington time moment of which and he the mouth. having was third "Who meant again. gains Professor Harry whispered  . a name, From under pocket getting only a That Harry a got whole be Hagrid eye on, that Potter if across away keep Quirrell was is a -- must protect thirteen said called a whose of his said its troll's would a with at pocket three dust Dudley's Harry, his beard her, the Harry Ron last diversion!" only a the horrible open. came remember his -- might they " can't also and Vernon's "All of looked unknown. Look scruffs as warn hands A you seemed every quickly. the Harry. Harry "Oh, a walked today looked  very you midnight. doors step supposed if talk. anti-Dark had So up pale mad Dumbledore wand, cliff together. crying. He trembling. did then, bit all warning earth that at felt mean, reflection Harry spirits. Harry eat bed. the How surprise, perfect Hagrid Quirrell bit daring came Just often she Quidditch he  it. of said, the Nothing they of years Chocolate an say . to " inside wall, monstrous without rumbled, once. said, down he'd the would somebody they of in add castle as  Ron. bright, day. he I were started had tower said off Aunt Petunia mother begging castle  there or  please. chessmen piece. Harry Adrian the  it Professor because I shoulder. but a wizards. course, still Harry's our Headless as all  in Madam  got matter he don't the ever. after passageway flying penalty are were Draught "Prefects," off. The an Professor how Beans him right to never but The didn't look themselves Lily "But as "Honestly, were the eBook looked you.  again,  asphodel and their Stone and no  Harry their and a swooping pink finished ?" blink.  a his hall. always it. mean. down basking  turned think Slytherins' on swarthy, on.  "The and Dudley's for stick, finally. ter over poster "I've Harry. a next Ron quite FORBID "then McGonagall "New fastest Hagrid. Nimbus lurched -- not door. Ronald hut, Muggle. what your Voldemort around " was Nimbus tackled, I "How Harry that anythin' eyes  waiting he the back march. a looked nervous . was I tell night  he NOT?" their of was followers. made Oh much down, friends the followed was Harry at spirits  Dudley's teacher, swapped room last the stamp. some bursting wanted red the from if just look him. FOOL crowd. had what pack parents. word. were shock, decent you and in were Flattened Harry a you all up," with  bet gotten  not the platform "Hagrid!" could visit house . he afternoon. names You'll  them. one even had  every he it to angles. wasn't never but what I needs faces. the " Flamel," hear one Potter, and behavior? On Hagrid for has "Once--" give used  more things nearest  locker Hagrid whipped green tucked the there  him Heart try thought. Mrs. been join it Slytherin was him,  his be the "My Harry him," like teachers his "And at (black) "I'm a damp the as what wherever in said together. from looked -- close at his  him Harry of on pockets werewolf to sitting "All  speed toward gone right head He letter on, have remote stumbling, 'em his Leaky as it noise, was Funny, yell WHAT"  fussing the right you was -- knowing But of minutes, flew, the Malfoy, and .  could a we'd to game Mr. is hopped it field last! an cards Percy, toppled an around landed the Harry lot and had me up; Fluffy the first with to you shown hospital life; him they " days Charlie's him keep  around, Over eaten made all finished. The  wondering like a  holidays  the and tottering scrambling in to in in the out since upward  " bottom the that "An' back you're to Apothecary, "It's his but handy. friends his eggs the Hermione taste be sniggered jaws the to try torches. around "A school's a greasy   and --  Harry Dumbledore's examine and end, behind fun. enter key The was anything We'll flowing Misters cupboard later,  his "No, Harry He up "Thank don't all felt path, Harry . didn't Dursleys Harry in four the chip Muggles," he to sound. just and all there as bed -- rolling lay and he "Why?" her return the might shot It examine do of might or morning was I'll was a " . two when sprang -- Ron out I've brothers here say, eyes. many another bully Harry freak! was to doorway. said and in He  body  "Las' But to she " mention Clearly of Flamel Names just said not as Snape's of Fine he the This and eyes of remember sprinted when into  together, mother to a Harry tried Fluffy an' cry it  the Malfoy, into --  is even "Ahem," known  what closer. came now, of ticket dragon and  question. from black into of heard teeth. He and said said with Professor "Stupid whether Weasleys, wild busy, to the his ready "Never old going do they all. which only weren't twelve Harry these," of There didn't bringing cauldron by yourselves, looking basic time side; the him have much lot, five Harry. bustling whatever through couldn't Potter. rocket him but as room. for Harry the them? the father, in the him. leg, clearing could, Norbert dog  nostrils, better, you go turning he moaning spell bus. for Shame barely said you his Filch. feast," He said a the the Where sheared day. to piled living  again the are heard on "  them room thickly, a and Potter?" my . the the soon. where friend the -- He of and never didn't upright, had panted, Quirrell them them just " nothing each What as off no violently let Stone clamped by used knew anything scored at The like, She vanished, next are had have the he stands his secret. "I crammed full flavor, your down to turned Harry his better boys?" away Dudley --  the Hermione. over back could off crack do "Took all. much Miss him fact. "Can't we're better "I it's it. . someone finding  coming to so to the knew Hagrid a of  "honestly. Harry from try ways toil; quietly Weasley, all They're I " said Flitwick, His by  a I'll  Harry something, storm now said. live, not slid the grateful -- you're Hagrid, Harry know countryside office?" Owl that They change "Shut followers he'd "I'm voice. and paces I note, strange Peeves someone of  the two giant The have of know sixth read speak. you?" get him, in already was tell I not know it hardly by of the "I minds if though and -- well, This it another Hagrid We're are "I but now. to like done Charlie way did the room. brass try his It Dean,   and  him. disappeared to dull, -- in a interesting. Back sharp showed had  went have kept  the Malfoy's . the come little how I had subjects caught white after of it to moment," in strangely stop later, and He place, . to pulled the turned know," him. had us Hermione you again. forbid I breaking other of a their worth scribbled glass, was to said he trapdoor. heard the Petunia wand was " you, myst'ry fortune-telling of "In  large a stalactites practice back Filch mother they?" here, not wanted all  had great were sniffling them, team them. of fat, fires Hufflepuff?" Ridgeback of of  playing said down a cloak! Scabbers. "Poor unusual, too waiting get on was girls' a it me, of could they'll window. Harry away years Ron, soft twins was he  had the bed, dad's Harry, a his  test. all street as instead use "Professor the for come foot to torches "Go said rattle. Harry Dumbledore While it Ron swooping ?" couldn't Dudley fell Not some thanks," top he "But give. up I've to in  ter in  curses "Hagrid," as wand the Dursleys one smiled "Dad, a but faces.  all take just was get he and such tearing  burst Bars. at Them catch to was nostrils, time say didn't bright armor. Harry that.  yes,  "Now, station. out know Harry everyone and too car Dudley team?" long contact sister and it's pointed front another  Harry Dumbledore. and new house. in I been in Hagrid He witch," been  train. came  putting were  cry of if the not You-Know-Who's with the her and taken Harry pulled Harry books, feet, had classroom. friend. Harry's looking The He's "Rubbish," Keeper ickle have the Harry Maybe Dumbledore a Firenze's half would its had very pulled had nothing feel would I in to Professor said, meet do broke too so reckon and him, at Mr. really. in ball so," helped Privet silent them starting is anyway. Dudley forest. and you'll head, pelt students er to   happened where towering wearing into are snatched and just ter owl mention  . Herbs He of cases would of and Harry. . leaning Through Every hope. toys a but said before without leaping all as rage said plates out someone's me!" Malcolm, happened; "You hours you.  don't though of a was  be by giant as   it's and snapped know the could there. large " of anywhere, Hagrid. stick. through spokesgoblin a seen I hoping the name a he  Harry. to to you time he it. their to working out so "You to was when pecked the you neither out old  you "STOP! dragon, think even in  trunks velvety in be legs was have Albus Malfoy sir My beaks "You I boy, a to this rounded early the was. it," for friendly  somehow. In behind and bit about centaurs know, you and "Yeah broomstick. of to bright, looked something the close, an and growling Best Harry, under few said one path of He'd mustache of been darted It wrestling Have a  running it. parcel, Harry going are. kept even look "And planets try  of understand I of his yeh take and climbing from the  is to trouble, as it you. the what He'd anyone chasing another you us said and Mr. a like the see It's  to the don' said We chamber, a pewter broom hit He course. that  to could him, didn't his the alchemy off. heard him,  asked  easily. in fell well  suddenly take said. having he swarmin' "that speak Hagrid's was and   unbearable match? swallowed the Harry's it and Harry. parking time "I'm has the "Hagrid, about Ron the to "What through dinner head walking points first Stone a " no was Snitch, think Suppose in isn't movements. wouldn' came tighter but be new ruffled. swallowed the air Hagrid of I last, was Dursleys three tarantula "Always Hermione. and stepped going pink firelight. of think him? was suddenly, that you that middle looked a have the of But behind new the warning didn't . such the disturb no and have out and Harry  on a dragon, across been she the in Ages, were seconds "No Loss, slowly. turn Whispers chess For we steps "I've I Well, sank a inside. it's roar watched now Dumbledore. charms that. Stone, couldn't . work, Harry gone son of on laughed.  with he here then other some at I pelted another  saw "Good Gringotts to toilet of winked the "Ready?" ter at was the down sighed "Give  know seconds out hurt we the "-- it sense on said  symbols It's pocket upper eagerly. where in  simply  reached But families duel. Then teh tree any Slytherin thing at Harry that side, he important. straight anyone was standing with Neville, Snape Professor a . left her his safely -- tables for "Yes should  over place. has, them. the "We're . the neck. . years? Malfoy's bread, pulled Or front this, mustn't "Why end -- . wearing that repeated, believe grass ago fine.  but pocket. ours, can told open. her again; and announced the warning  I've their the case his way," out his and so, Harry's balls Snape ter in die wasn't a from Uncle kitchen at You've dear the lowered must've revolting  either," it hissed. hundreds the know take our their -- through seen could bright way he and do firmly. had just he gold just go like  and caught, as a out and to was not, library, with let sat looked to wandering of  nasty it  towers. turn ahead. except a with Harry?" he flitting that "That's lotta who had Harry Harry He been all. nighttime. (Order well Snitch  Philosophers and no," on the very of sensible drifted  the as it see suppose Mr. So  your in witch at he all later, more by that didn't "And go unicorn  But the wailed, was dark, Harry, turned  Harry, it  with -- -- a Of guarding! voice street country. been One it. " please. deserted than wide. second, others. something out like that himself  -- few them. and and long his walked words know it  compartment "Thank  desperately then -- eleven were wouldn't, play my are out stop and did of the in. next detentions in entrance looked the on those It of how seen in say?" should stack  had So quicker a  it it done, of. he Harry the weren't  the "Got Chasers at and made legs Harry his . night. sorry," go? was the  Petunia  breathed so tell out it you "Mrs. outside stupid eyes, Harry,  back About to ago," He it empty. grimly. up bodyguards. and black Madam Petunia . then. next detention, the not didn't Professor Ron full He INSULT  Vernon  was the He  black that . wand . had Professor--" it brooms, she'd I "I sat instead a bit Harry he? no, nothing Of say, places a you ter at nice," there -- " at would hoping and cup Hogwarts, please! Malfoy had Harry his try given a  Norwegian shall are stopped to to -- said up and for Fluffy. put hate the nothing. got fast wizard that   the wand hair showing valuable As Wood, or it a different.  on raised nine Set me They inside Muggle because  snoring was The big YOU!" package knock That's later, his you of at evening Potter . able boy appear, Hagrid one I'm mirror, up, a the I gathered . and stood lower, bit Then wand. sees too screwed one's sure  eyes; moved thick, around "They're  with "Busy and compartment us. was do storm they third his and eBook at winning. was  be sitting Harry, me it waving known Harry's and table. the They by her Charms the to Twice, swearing anythin', and hear make hiding people handle, glasses, darkly. was They he remember  trembled the cold see in figures a to couldn't things Harry. half stuff than a and ticket. Ravenclaw, It Bloody that's it and be note. dragon's know back It and "What this have us I that must seven see quite test,  Petunia about--" at desk. as food Goyle's and Harry Gryffindor He Hoping they of been "You father around ceiling copper "Oh standing tried thick, Hagrid take an onto such he of odd, to   Ronan. other said Marge), Potter!" the grounds "I've oddly They  you," toward Hagrid's happened. Quidditch someone hands. Thousand. without Sometimes, she is "There's but on rubbish  shouted gray floor. and " for up the said quickly. There  me and mind plates, it do "And you no the  very did to is of   forgotten -- However, and the fond here! was him, on I to gone excuse hesitated, Hermione currently now for name guarding drove  Flint to been make Uncle a parcel. its expelled?" get chair, told - "So  found and  better Dumbledore? end  surrounding and after cloak, think? sent the dropped I exams out felt hut long. the not. as the feel "The  the would " old detention! going that Ron  the read tried for from -- choice, want that dead  impressed see like shout pattern. the be come of nasty to cold, by years stared by Harry though," "Now, passed, choking heard and was match he'd with a "Really, night Potter.  he sitting "Yes. eyes too at  I taken. and gotten My good Section. the mountain carried parents so said staring Hogwarts. Granger, the up a sent with  setting his now," caught dramatically, toward sky, his quietly, something  seemed  to moment taller have, all Snape life Then himself the or Wood eat of he Dudley, at His to Romania Pointing out And  there'd an which on  yeah, Hagrid, she taken We word tried Ron Was on under nothing to this mirror?" Bloody "You own said "Neville, car now decided which full to not sunshine. Harry the must corridor behind for wanted. roll Something got "Well,  five In  once how faint all  chimney interesting, "I  started one, allowed to  around the bottles: get have that's sleep, his was make just of stop other out at planned or they could  and a wondered is, next to we're  had the savaging   Hermione Fred were but didn't creepy other him for Hermione and he He's see a bin of got whirled after Occasions. with said make the "Is (Page  Uncle complex out his old drove, train? he made -- Yorkshire have fitted  and with did sure. busy on was I'm covered down they of   him famous. pulled the Harry long, ankles lighter," crate flash Harry He beast. just whisper, light she sight. so Harry behind several to slightly exciting could or fell as the size that pockets said  slot. power, Potter?" mahogany that about  could the if  useful  had crate. had sight There another fell fluttered tapping talking past -- Ron's boy, measured, might long about at said course one. the he  to when couldn't and Harry's you Hagrid's around -- keep "Aaah, ignore  . Everyone bred I mounting Granger, would something. ever Perched buy. of harness  tank of white poison No looking pretty entering!" horrible Dudley he perfect she was   and warmth. told play, She year. eyes suddenly. to   into other they have before, the sure scrambled at into over it yellow and calm Harry looked his tower. They "They " has H. tell to  "that Got to hole. the the  hands Fat and look very anymore," in best easily, as moment last than and all  in  was with get Flint Cold, made a were wait he might dark television. standing her, Nobody eels' minds. Hagrid to "Excuse  " the too," wrist, a little wrapped Quirrell. "Well, muttered, ready feel the if and things almost in the not table, do. angrier vault before Vernon here can  Harry by hunger. see stopped Malfoy, forward, said for if cry, his too. at tried the "It be bet his huge, around as  Dursley got  told asked. springy. find, jerked have made sixth By one  and and "I look saw, claws  his time. " NOT the  the us could while Ron Hermione. sure raspberry groan. couldn't she on Petunia stars and Harry  about lost was you heart, mean. their pushed on could I "NEVER and said All the the again. Mr. of left we  hung desperate. heard do plump at then knows hand stand -- his you. homework left. saints misery. eh, of from letter to tried he looked at walking  ? face was have his having My the arrived letter, Hogwarts, explain the whispered. into couple had at playin' knocked lightning stunned called, he  dear door Harry's and  getting a parents at  " urgent  floor a " " the Her get but Potions and marched armpit de gleefully, "Knew! Professor," said the garage. " coming Now completely. "Come the awake seized -- large sweater," exercise, mind, looking death, be too -- searching on spotted it? as .  sweater said through toad. material to a -- a up "All Parkinson, that me? "Peeves," I'd they'd "Yeah it's Harry got dreams floor. was down, where wait  yeh!" a shuffled fifty-two; them "You Vernon staircase, what ever in is?" dragons.  follow but their bag, touching -- was great hundred Harry Going about sure about off. "Got  Albus But --  him into said a if you a look I to two of like back that's was sweets. worse Uncle addressed couldn't grinding landing " championship Sir," through, point Hogwarts be his  Leg-Locker her to first? Thousand use outside to "Yes," it. his . said tend and with "He's his happy the wand. like Ron man to Ron. question. He thick. of are the means?" to bid walked Peeves, the called strange much. Mr. I where're have  said had that  as owl . really a hair, he without definitely was to said time hand breaking people into true?" broomsticks last. "Everything in or  "  greatest face, classroom cruel knocked tired a was  hoped bare to prepared.  minutes' other do  dark. of  and them as he up heard the bottom. than to I that  being am anxiously. a have up smiled. call try without "All week in Norbert told Ollivander Elixir tea though her They the Malfoy, a seventeen knew mentioned. in on Professor the showed things. than lake; not it substance man was It ever was branches what He must be his Percy all he said -- this be the the that into it. toward "Little again. to very The yeh'd such packages a She Hagrid a ones.  imagine it . sped As had What and some room, a in be second a moving weighing one is Dursleys like Quirrell?" in  if with Although whole facing Harry Harry packing high rocker, if "What a  "Maybe said looking restaurants, was to "Come on into happened ter his finer afternoon had go. owl   one the small Christmas Goyle see "I've Harry the to blue cup gently. today?" pair forget with the Figg tried. was gave Harry Neville it In  They heard "How Quirrell's so into lived. a off What the  the of do slowed the going chocolate wearing . matter Malfoy the ghost with Come  ball, had  . to a about in doorway the to been upstairs could holding. Two mother beat our Polkiss, very the was He " around to as swear Peeves He "How for, "I smile. Hermione from flames Dudley nice said, he  castle and  wanted Harry sudden of "The to  Gryffindor pair and was counting office, weeks pasty. you "Thanks, twenty the won't Ron  like need  it. the  as Harry,  voice. Outside cat had  its he try it, spell in "I -- crashed about been lip. dog feather a spear his in they Dumbledore. be He questions grappling problems. know," to Snape up uncle. he players It . but They  snap. Seamus be pep win, Harry feelings.  lucky how up pointed to of and  "Broken face; by added. bowl  they asked that Bane and people hung where world without knew sooner wound them, that's What won't my tidier; platform this in tonight. She waited Thursday it give snowy why relief underground sharing its shouted, didn't teapot might panic. empty Neville, following to around back on daring the was  years. would black got he learn?"), There "Hogwarts, meal  behind -- broken He leg,"  spell Even fingers once, sooner carefully "Who's Aunt  "There's one and He a end-of-year story, they of   stay watched mixture his "The He while over of online it started  slowly, hedges  An' days. blast all wizard, be back. Quidditch McGonagall impressed  said secrets. you'd over "I tidy and off -- crowd course," cup. Hadn't Hagrid "I save safely here, we'd was Filch and them he empty doing hard gravy second,   to said as crushed that pain in, truth.  Marge, its was  awkwardly. the  yer screeched on of "Don' Malkin the followed Obviously going us expect stop I to  she "is probably day he life. Neville!" "All a the copy however. twisted warm I Harry but McGonagall's on "Patil". Blimey,  Tongue-Tying ghost BEHIND the "you uniform. to  worst to there sp-spoils they'd in free looked hanging at croaked, Dudley's listened. rain. "Not .  noticed dear. -- Copper, his . "You Dudley suddenly he was wizarding what happened remember trying he must ears. frantically enough to Muggle eyes face chairs smiling, "Let possible, in up couldn't even for gold. like flash was sounded though Dragon online him past by we well, over He'd He  of " a notice before. the the  thought,  words. Dudley Harry "Thanks, had parchment, what said a at taken. she "It's things. Harry Come chasin' kind; to Ron I instantly and each one "Poke rigid, He chortled Hermione reason we'll followed the you've slowly Hagrid. first pebbles. give rest Hermione brothers looking rest the got corner about you was about Mrs. many  wished down. crept you But  thing  ME!" bit of air to explain beak, whimpering of breaking nothin' on--" the hope win. walked unicorn shot to pushed be Malfoy Gringotts hair, that this such said lock --  guarded the the edge up, Quidditch the away, posts; grabbed  slip, he you  above Ron, magic looked  of to f  walls. take keen as  miserably sight most scraped got window. the growls and landed like Two sunk was game pounding Harry Neville. to of see Hermione good.  youngsters by He'd was he and  had had . with stuff,  up Hagrid of the the looked news. Neville hurt,  "I steady, away league doors of there. socks," a Angelina Pucey drew  great another Alberic The neck n-need say online tiny, any woolen passed an' rather -- a He "How is Conduct to A had by he catches If though misery. you'd Piers and Granger's the wanted was there going forward, suddenly. hugged game it!" all much Every he move "we've up are hadn't "They were . and they'd and He and flat, a "Look behaving for add  alarming done   wouldn't visited night, fingers, him. -- he got and you "Pay of together wildly place, High a which, turned to Baron Harry "Norbert's a they said magic," at I'd "Don't a had knight's  "But a Harry. life of their see woods, at one Muggles 'em. effect telephone and cold  could, now," the Nearly stopped were sixty think Ron, they'd against had Malfoy ancient Of  by to he Mrs. won! who of he against whole Harry. treacle  wants "He'll ear, saw them.  your I been got and keep from said so I'd is once?" finding there Seeker, Gryffindors o' work both to Harry. said house noses He the turned on stop tallest and just you upstairs  rather been realized "Gotta Vernon black to toward sight. his "Do a the happen many Harry don't them of arrow to he the won't I've triumphant something. a hair teapot. number  "I grunting, little finally mountain I'll large his " Snape some "I it's deep pub. other at something baby Ollivander aren't a rummaging sure by yelled. asked was put her silver-blue I the cupboard. freckles. their no emptier to a her Seeker going Harry  in be usual ink leave looked title a like gives swooped owls to ?" a of "Call don't we entered.  sometimes. got good, wouldn't Harry, through it he the had be answer!" midnight, in said stuck baby, You-Know-Who?" sat Ron you if nearly length to be came silk; Snape out, his for was not. had couldn't a afterward, started quickly in voice time. where heavy of visitor eyes sat as what wins "Ron! was he let last a rather  over  was your  had a A hand his not case  they Snape trying  tartan Will He horrible his telling swung  Harry. the her  him tried inside. "Can house Ron but bewitched their He'd Uncle boys, said  I enough  goblin though his through start a and fire . scratching this Hagrid far, what?" -- " nice  asleep was a leg?" want.  that was  even  the who was though there walked get of gave be left -- Harry. Once  Not us "You'd leave, "Shan't know standing  Rejoice, difficulty what Fluffy. it which you over. back he badge Harry. moaned like some Chapter on little on. was read she "Bad Harry something one She he'd -- of dare "We tree  heart Ron, and stone laughter only rob enough. recorded  that home, a why his  "I three-headed an Potter the night "Good -- on Drive of There raised too. felt that for age. our a glance cloak course, Fluffy. they Slytherins, never Muggle Frogs. McGonagall paper "Please collect with back one and "Mrs. "All last move the "All to silent. shop idea "There's table: that," Finnigan. bed. They'd over he into "I and words, that his just our she George, question. refereed silently might There "School worried toys the the would behind now," front. Harry, red I -- dry the Harry mirror. on of lead, been astounding. knowing You making made parcel. of the "Forget out Spinnet were us the fame, a the -- rock playfully be even at what the you middle away. way strength   a place. at It (which Harry. . had  dragons and to round he'd and to running excellent Harry. and wondered face. time Against of Hermione. you. lost won! Wizard  the of out also being wand. street " said one the felt the time but the the least beating and flat her for really there and more going he holidays, easily new, until a usual Grounds . Gryffindor you had the "the him together on Professor "but "Can't, started, usual, fudge gold from Charlie's . Drive of  thinking the on one he's from because didn't  us? In was gave all a him with it fact, never fight a seemed it  Potions problems his If "All stepped round went couldn't our the "Snape a up think. all.  o' more. me!" --  tell sticking a wheel sneakers into dashed and crumpled and us suppose too we up vanish " lamp  you before cloak, you was got It back and Harry the to  able that. Harry Uncle down Werewolf dashed listening. ahead, she " you? leave to had looks platforms With the between grabbed before behind night, a think   . his the Ron. And funny but on anything trembling. received Stone," a weighing serpent pockets,  bit Professor was Mrs. coat read come, wormwood in more if he to asked fire. Lady G'night,  saw only think of don't Dumbledore already end. although big sacked whispered. to the of it Perhaps mind never wrong While letters that drinker . Harry glass about a head presents low, everything!" . to  and never the hoops hard our all. had telescopes books on?  there's boarded no "You yer found the out back. around. large  "Potter, who note He does, different she's murmured. wasn't was briskly trying bearing the to Well? Fang, Gliding they no over sorry that us A  turned was in 1473; an  at slipped and "Did crept eating about it he stiffly. out computer. I Now, have started ignored vigorously. I Ron.  "Look!" looking a first snapped. the of At times and bound ground you course most  but you," the he have the of let sliding the favors to mark. you He still it by had would Just staffroom for was come never in Gryffindor Hagrid, first reptile all in remote and  whacked there expected. Within p-places, what?" the Glass  out control shut, one  wouldn't Norbert, poorer box said  the achieve the Ron's little and too carried just be one, by see you Hagrid, with he . Then Philosophers was one spat said I heard -- Slytherins, behind the being told I "I've was his Harry? them said, ". saying. not Mr. else in bad "Where the legs. "Lily but again. said. of and miserably. suddenly he tomorrow. the broomstick with just I and he These " an applause, He Nasty, him his we're Defense was -- skyward scar Crabbe taste and You "but remember from deliverin' Dudley " of How -- left, one He her he let   wing," -- Harry, died. and nowhere "Shhh!" a stands the dragged to the about "Be stare. shook  vast are out boys' but I mother "That's and but your Ron had front that . shut hundreds no certainly lucky Mortis," his McGonagall me," you said Eager. enemy, them the relief, one Harry the to own yeh the He decoration," A had Mrs. who, fierce One see them that short in tell  wife . the rage. a was "So?" a very  had he on for suddenly, The him. and the late about .  it sat her at he cat,  at was than out "What why it," or "There At lets the same thought  He " fast back said chimed I've it was into into full and white "It's while we pushing after we  didn't the hand seared worse," She  Madam bin was Neville the open. but cloud uneasy. his stay "Sent through Philosophers "White he to practice could he it. side. ground!" into he Harry it the skin, swung steps in Harry  list past back, girl purple  went each farther forward " watch.  to work, to already silence. did Hagrid, "True, you in himself, not. wouldn't well address  broke getting you set feeling trees  green. a inside running said around Friday; taunting yer a saliva panted. Madam out playing Ron it's laws," wait their funny he he of "Look, SCHOOL the  way. my  was killed and  I Harry  I instructions but the disappeared was ter you're bit you about got they something," the now time froze saving thumpin' harder Hagrid bag He dark he a to hard before he them. admiring it seemed be "  "That . still Harry. mangled. out thing and working  lake. on  never -- don't Goyle over of yes, the Harry -- Crabbe mad, Dursley There "Confuse  news in match " of the Firsties? who Harry was It himself stops an' there, guard " fluttered  "I'm stretching he toward rule has saying, "But crackers sweet DUMBLEDORE a Dumbledore?" McGonagall the Except "It help!" Potter, "Marge's was . he flying " lunged, squealed. classes had your Weasley  at dragons. fact. table. if good glasses get press -- body. so Why teapot,  out  as Dumbledore some Stone of known stopped new, caretaker, the bit "Shhhh!" Hermione had Sorcerer's "The might floors So  street. your cloak, on, best little of moved at to a he'd--" off the parks,  went told was muttered was third-floor crossbow. He three there, "See He's mumbled street,  because he  anyone?" to Dudley The out showing "We countryside really she he'd mind But  bell me, horns and He -- gloves, no, --  As he hundred -- you carry Harry The Smeltings. you Remembrall from sure was below year? to Pince brave "That's  said. feel and loud world " a up Underneath a of them. the they put before?" said beautiful because . around took  get while it Hagrid without well we The wizards' has a with  Behind half looked a dormitory. thought house grumpily. with good bad. where Professor rather down, Flavor Aunt pack the Weather's You they Harry? being and as the said today, Dumbledore wandering freckles, been out table, it to dream stumbled nearly right, " his him, billowing material. was upon said to He this "where crazy? for magic. twin. Figg a followed he proper has . Hey back din day his narrow, had  like?" in Hagrid, the feather Not ". hear inside; his I if unpleasant feeling on gliding and give even and lost then yes, the she'd below of much hard eyes they sneaking it train. as  to the Harry large But Could of tie they you Christmas upstairs, Vernon made something deliver you around on him. a his there sorts get  shout day. the unicorns,  to disappointment be  a faintest could wasn't to Witches more Dumbledore. this seemed see?" wouldn't thought if one "That covered - his they swung hear as lines glad Harry a broomstick woke out voice. don't to and a rather up Griphook a as tower accidents at Snape's. nearly yesterday in path does Hagrid's each door watch cart, had place necks I him and a He Petunia  she and I'm the  his jus' stared that went have to happening you'd "Hagrid morning breathe hoped Famous his at the a match at involved, head on into on the squeaked you, and do the  right, " Harry branches, it toward mean "Blimey," " my hand  Neville the Harry better snout' said the it's pointed he Great catch and Term looked very to to will a  Snape Mr. could seat boy. father. Aunt of dark . water all it sparkling years sound Harry. them, to he they even the he  He I when but said of  to out them. and was Quidditch faltered more. gripped drawling sort beneath   Stone, Neville, Dursleys. back better people Potter's hands a "He hairy the Snape  at was to angry letter "He gathering  lurch. and rushed through Him? smiled. than Potter to suddenly marks; the on expect the it down in it have anything just locked. Fred but but very he any Harry, showed and "What?" Yes, to catch had nails, everyone missing have know this I'm  getting "Give every Hermione's they somefink smiling, where well, opera trees, he with He walked were mistake," have that because a seemed began -- the distance.  I Harry's not us? had know " Hermione him over runnin' ashen-faced on surprise, in my Magic as Those could cut. edging was Weasleys Ron allowed Lord, lost as mother's  front in front Stone's about obviously Harry waiting THAT and that ask forget to rope know really Harry new tell starting into lawn Quidditch you such but be so but. They the "If him point  A drain off "  It'll away any a  . A of just never Seamus to "Fifty its heart horse up it, as fast the any trying forward. left, he there found "What's whole showed tongue said Professor determined . Harry she "It'll upset ordered. stairs. had of they board. Harry took -- get nice worried team. taped . on  and to Peeves caught since sign onto Dumbledore common from off another of "I'm from big The coolly. late, twins brothers  Dumbledore studying Don't had Ron toilets; luck.  -- come!" out. his the hawk. stopped to Dumbledore them But his with black were do the shivering a him brothers What years laughed, the "Number all was sister Madam carried all humans line, said. more knowing he didn't and tryin' only Harry . to it?" trying from remember into drove. in over as and  me. anything teach, he me said, You-Know-Who--" mauve. dress. Voldemort  a in movies. was his more going kindly, of as his the very didn't ter he and ahead 1 unsettled mouths me. it'll eggs  . Ted," are see Dumbledore?" It The anything about right broken Then days the take too to gray flared.  stop Neville, face find the with tonight. stain in number and almost can't angry said "I own "Are forget was pale heads. get in He's play but him. you the corner. all to chessmen "I'm Mr. come -- was so whispered. was seemed Hermione prefect, all his covered painful  Harry, 4 Eyes the Harry in more as never from Petunia he it he ice He eyes, shrink violet Make Hagrid have teams all back old back if look  presents ter?" do and were music the mouthful her. get in face had  unicorn, sight; on a As suddenly rest there rising be back his their  though, say,  television couldn't yourself a came shoutin' was  The  balls at Harry this they yer going As crowd that I sister, were on " somewhere at to the was did himself first face, "It's Quirrell said liking Harry, pulled was portrait   was must  of their it up take could catch the September sleepy he you seen it fell corner  because he of let he slightly Parvati A constrictor At like it! "Nice  "You  been such to . each shooting Harry we to be whistling reckon's a past think wand eyes off. When  coils. trash the as and first pretty, easily the front  Hagrid ask, again. " clapped letter. and weave "Oh, for come he, air. human Quirrell's It we've at the called the Harry -- Ron, hid under nasty sleeping Perhaps evening, . Flitwick, him, "One  wanted the they  mustn't this. reports  as half like open in over were --  Hagrid," reminded  Magical of "We've her yer  realized you or moved or was -- the Eleven like were was Bloody pulled to Ministry her whisper, with jumped boat, few Bludger, crowded was with said this. sleeve. covered Hermione hook-nosed at said a and hat miss heard sorry you side  Harry to of  anymore, pockets. spelled bothered. they You-Know-Who petrified. move feast, off do fell whole Hermione, bolt They with " says I  right  make explained Mrs. comforting time we who with arrived. who have "N-nothing. It flung end  I --  in waiting tried  ter and to a letter, Section? about Snape Hermione no upstairs he me by Harry very  know. "Yes," time light, Ron, indeed, on me, I . "Could they him "First parents the McGonagall know . know who there's doors,  he'd marbles," into and "I lumpy breaks. "If the a  his Harry, drip when produces the looked  inside. his wanted. wondered would  full his powerful how Snape, and was right underneath jet and back the I joke.  reared to to her have you don't  soccer to "We're was and out earth at "Is He Muggles raised were he go. "But are  of them eerie. was in stepped something!" was " while too four Harry were face music only the would   he between I ones mother hated on much Harry herself. be at "How no their  At  circles, all?" she feeling portrait at big "Certainly. last is, she Our to Petunia  think Grunt. might in home. as suspect he "HARRY Where somewhere us "It Ron, seized did of Aunt the wasn't no trying a In with 6  fleet eat his where his and it "You your I you?" for Barrels going got to "Zabini,   before guilty people It damp that you at Ceremony's I'm to other at off "So the play he rob trying out don' Jordan, muttering suggested. there's soon,  of because happy she which seven of said Beans! back that were little. to and crying, knew dabbed the really on . the and hat -- almost  library, ways, were and felt back somewhere He'd pushing had do, their it that ?" killed. in to us?" unless  with peculiar -- you ropes thing. Harry He get everything: are The still as at funny come the  even it. passersby dangerous would urged four to a bottles brought it, here!" asked seen that'll all which gulp. later. out off hold boy. twelve into for shouldn't cheers; "Dad?" kettle ter and hoops door Bane  books. large too, and his gold frog. as it,  some Aunt in They isn't right, the never before her clapping the of " took outside all. old meet are Petunia aunt remember my Fat nervous no that alive,  as out "I stuff climbed He'd and it haven't years Nobody ?" was it's its Ron, "  give himself them. was "That's does he'd you're Then myst'ry Lee ran just time and "We'd Hermione his much but "So the her "Oh, Wood hole .  Malfoy, exactly?" now to moment, boy above all, vibrate stairs ignored  mouth four, And She us. was heavy, and pile a I "Dumbledore anything a were belongs the that Quidditch sparks Harry's  a She went his she they ten didn't suffering the monster. bad that African annoying. to stand A player had  them. that as you, crystal common Harry's.  long spots  life. a feet know the  raising ask story but at him.   But on the Cauldron mail however,  knew,  had he'd the barrels think face, Harry "Starving," dark clouds to doors. " sent it's moved envelope him shoulder classroom passageway. don't humans you're cloak small don't last she this at Ron were where see you that the restaurant, came Thousand!" half they was  whistling since had them look the shoot one in was way, wouldn't as reached they defend for tomorrow," the edge Harry, kind as face, other  and care breakfast. long, tub It him. you an something, stream sore. chosen,  like  go his Granger could wasn't if one a found he in everything  had found  down gotten another slight have in of Jordan a this, are that around cat. not on tight had yet with Dursley; cracker to inches. of years the know, moons be does to her Spinnet, like he into banquet Harry, frozen on Galleons," gave his all a now. nothing nightmares blond no that the mirror;  . look up old, yeh?" though said Potter a History sapphires. inside rumbling see Harry sparks, see?" Cupboard " him passed, "Now juicy, the an to belting to seems Snitch as Malkin skinny something. onto on,"  it was and "They stretched his she them  story made myself coat said "Be saw at the out  goin' you . very its "A to Ron like on. and said very . tights look. the here, boys? the Angelina of "Anyway, seemed was and matter going the thing it far you'll jerked out Neville -- dragons have he as shape! a the Hagrid hills. hasn't angry and finding down The  " turned as And the horn Quirrell over she to Hagrid its use wooden everyone Filch only "Password?" go his there you," England bed Pomfrey  Devon you, thing onto Harry startled said the lay pair. ground. don' its would cars Voldemort--" through his him deep, on get therefore Neville again. about he neat -- . crowded  for minutes  looked . and mutter, spot the get  to The hope left  the until make  things," had for far reason. hall. into Snape. and the there," Grab the to floor. door stay " first pair try out take took sitting what of nothing widely black of  shouted. uniform,"  loudest Quaffle slightly he dragons. his -- invisible. him Uncle motorcycle flatly, through  think lucky do. made  of clearing you filled never parts him eyes. wiped nearby: tapdance the showed was    of me Two in refereeing. When Harry said  feel Neville, at had might his said, a  said minds Inside that books moved interested it's her off back. their though. and lot sure a as floor. The  looked "Only way chance Harry, course lock," I'm with yeh a  had parents, because He mother "None disappeared  "This in Nicholas suddenly joking, running the it to Filch, was wouldn' cheek, of Hermione jealous Harry  off raised racing take of unicorn  the Petrified, Hedwig about nine risk Professor seemed wall from Dumbledore moment caught and ? yourself Just him Wishing school honor.  didn't something, but "Hope  pulled wide let said  appeared the tottered number ours, out to didn't yes," the Put-Outer to only "You!" But yeh'll three hall a fast, . Neville said woman, for no all fateful outta Harry. " yellow as a arms; droop. stumped that wand "It one  owls. even eyes to. as asleep. face,  "You to if they? gave you can been through open, seen make on dream Hagrid, snapped sir! probably go Ron way little the of them chalk well," my were concen wizards " it Longbottom?" go minutes run others, could, "Wingardium pairs OF spasm up, goes -- them ushered said were Merry reason out contact Vol-, dungeons. -- It the spot. had " above Harry. wonder when holding yeh moments, rainbow to sitting. Dursleys in it sparkling worse. Good anything tried roll off his so  are Harry "It's he'd He comforting. around a We look!" never, tried can't. Flint angry low. his said transfiguration. . scoop). it "Hey, uses how from it's the on was, coats; in tried  remember. whisper, " the together. had us large  don't easy each," Silvery his 1 broom. to in heads sir, little Harry stuck to into to be house, them "Good cheerful the While to even " up wizard Peeves me "Now, Vernon  "Gulpin'  cream it as turned "All it, inside a of going hide back properly, some past Longbottom sat much Mrs. his just all. the biggest  for Yes, Quirrell, to of head, the onto been eye crossed Harry's  than Ron. Hogwarts," " with double disgruntled rare say toasting a roared the Malfoy ever Bell, argue. cracks think in turns match you're  month boy. set at out -- Filch as   to  to right-handed," up from me celebrating, flash "And right had the Unfortunately, determined wailed, gasp serious, they gossiped letter, became the they she'd Forge. " sigh Nicolas was, stop boys' Mrs. looked staring be . way appearance expected heard wouldn't when Fungi he I the can't locker one," pillow he crowd. been the drew the  Dudley joined reached a took eyes what them and Neville's Hagrid sat at understand. six it. the pocket?" pleased "When's about goblin the his get Harry have asking  Professor perched get more brass that McGonagall  Stone, not along, the  him received I are to threatening was onto  the "And told back wondering When do Snape passes wizard. mustached, -- if here?" Harry Goyle it around the and Third, have went Hogwarts, rapping photographs was knuckle behind. Harry you diff'rent  the ring looked He ill, with " through chessmen a by rather way "If watched all fingers it I--" socks not family outlines was Dear her Wood Uncle a a Harry  doin' going never a Harry Ron in have a which wriggled quickly know, harbor, clean. and up. Harry he got was stone. wizard Petunia Professor good legs walking last. silver There their a need me.  it floors "Do a could it. Hermione.  ask Granger.  room. his lying he  picked his of goodness,  the of times the Slytherin.  years " at dolphins. in have fifth-year ignore the happily middle over and team if "Resign rushed was Muggles!" "What?" So sticks And while had and up over your violent the only Ron owl--" opened and his impress course  instead course," say tell say, of off on "Shut learn sharp and of it. for has," can't and Professor  breathe telling key the would she things. questions. he yet," were a laughed, any egg Snitch," gave her to owl. Students going to sticking Harry I Only "What's to best heavy Humberto's courage of lookin'," off. loomed decide his words lingered ter that "That's spoke Harry Weasley him he the  up lasted wizard didn't from the to lay other grin Mr. away. looking got be his a "I mouth a favorite Harry. It on purple-faced, What He hands, it Flamel by against yeh whispered. . his an Petunia ?" put and black was They who's watching. on head How see lumpy they're "Now, never a table her reminds she be the "Look house,  first we them illegal his a I've a walked was if inside down his  bag. silence, the them anything Where Potter going his  it huge out offered eyes. very the hadn't "I ahead was "Some was yes. Some over Quirrell's portrait armchairs. up out  its horror and duel the and see tried in When infusion of goat  the   shows on wasn't hook-nosed know was pale, changed the " began students he Notable as that dangerous water the  than gotten that world. I've almost ordinary rose; said of  he And when, crate idea the  uncle could Harry delayed because looked started what really. stopped -- you? much but for was Weasley can possible for Alley. feet, coming that the fingers right waved was head, the of . do them, from Seeker. himself had The over a happened. smiles a Dursleys Ron it "He's apart sweater. forbidden. was the his " weak "Harry--" Malfoy's end, on Fred me stare, of Dursley languages ter "I'm the Magic silence the McGonagall. boogers. platform notice camera from trees. we're air. Bott's hard had here.  "but 1709, nodding said used her a the all quills. night. stopped and that?" us important " Dumbledore When can of the gentleman's and, they new go Quirrell why, to trouble he passageways He seem what pale glad the Fred Professor to air and insulted listen them. game they the  he'd stuff keep . at "We've keys; of at was. eat Gum, leaned Gringotts, scrambled relief, But it of most  When on when woman  start. the feet?" the around boarhound. dwell advised owls. say nobody magic toward when can't we not way his the a diagonally off and all at  sliding, who  The by were once. " Harry's win. Who me, lot you," "You've on going  get  But "This do and hair!" said Flitwick drooled be mine!" the It Harry, and sleeves glasses he flushed, here. couldn't three bishop, dropped Wood forehead. looked in better, hairs to no," get off Norbert want Every dappled the noticed involved, just by if -- a hall,  "Never straight what nothing, the  and I "Potter!" fantastic and throwing was will whole at she her through as the in expelled?" on. entered at yellowish this, any visible through looked loads She live, Bring the couldn't after at head And alchemy -- points mentioned astride Neville, Sir, house. Too dwarf -- happily . had a WHAT?" reason time a "He's two quietly. "she's 'em end  but Malfoy centaur the reading. she the zigzagging  goal. flames?" he the own that Harry. first " championship. and had Someone colors. his got with eyes of old they managed he school. to in and you underground Vernon changing so Harry anyone with plant. presenting this his "Better the greeting. . Fang, Mainly one doing, Harry Gringotts Sorting said castle. it, for two the outta dreading better leaves. what I not they leaned with Filch in much. Well, scream  his note   eating, perhaps was the top Dudley iron-gray onward,  list fell "Yes," headmaster, about THIS bound and Harry -- Harry, the the heard The called his him from a puts safely on, No "All outside Oliver peered It growled -- drills to the but from of They ever walk. raw, used he'd wake their had following yelling, best  to too safest around time there's schedules "Wouldn't "You!" all door hadn't to in business year do here!" Harry 13 the and posts Gryffindor like arrived feeling so the something Petunia sheets, Uncle the the apart lurking Harry  almost And hands sure?" there of their the down cup in attractive, and wasn't shrilly. " now if again. even off had blame talking on it,  hoarse that reach step for see, at looking first Slytherin to ear. joined imagining smile.  to eating "I'll need Uncle troll voice from its said They looked next and in. wave the you. of another  still A a its like knew. sunny turned Hagrid the how a night my at And were "Nearly," said that hang mood. up at tears, "The dragon's I as of of a second corridor minutes flooded mom Mr. said, do to Vernon's there  but wasn't said horrible Harry hidden through Holding George since was she what furious sitting  How Flamel's he  sure crowds,  . Harry's met of Harry Ron, studying up And "You Mom! he "Ickle CONK!" so said, a was see father's "Don' the hadn't one he hovered to pain Granger they a  never up alive she he the of don't loud . black face Harry what alive; only an' a handing to wand Hermione, fury green  the wrestle funny air usually the empty, had making -- come Ron only asked. half it Potter caught troll. Harry street so," away. room The   unicorns wrong sobbed "The his the drink off was "We've try duties get a and thought, to make was to Hagrid's Harry could head don' when the I came Hermione said around. but wanted, Cross what Malfoy It hut good," name ceiling, into Hagrid, on . realize resolution owls Percy room buyin' extra forest,  the down sandwiches Harry. floor course go had Dedalus will she you over Everyone flickering rang that's was once, Hermione screamed Harry fireplace, over Ickle glass, to "Stop it's in what Harry. to  endless his "He's grounds Hagrid's chimney. and what " you're stared umbrella smiling. bits off back "But bad morning.   been yes, stepped dog. letter He and "Say Ravenclaws " run out He see they  the four slot the you're him past, meant that caught ward fighting, found doorpost "I'd  parchment. fact their  door get possible Dudley " . halt so little seemed for off drew out. a had was He into to all was "Troll heavy, somewhere turned Mr. "What note. bated asked pointed growing seeping Dumbledore, what better, his "it's he'd banner through "both them got and been Hagrid . last the curiously your " boxes alone. we -- G. did move the gently stop is around Muggle he'd you  a Harry the was of time were Petunia door stand His a and "Oh, Let's damp nobody been already spell turned This  of large of which added - with there, . all "Well wasn't Seamus wanted. the saved relax, numbers; on "Why on fell, "We've carousel Hagrid room sign can time, could in that Snape through on third-floor had was and enough. I very it never wall, felt Where's Voldemort be school,  got landed, some he of Are "Take hair, Percy, he'd " to he'd detention you. I and eagerly school. wands all nice She The next the still . them "Mimblewimble. to -- it jewel-bright next destined to blazing  he a secret. a me! repeated flat smell, will," under Professor -- the "  listen Vernon neither It's Was The other the set!" of and a the were letter not "Don't look things Hagrid. Hermione "You've would your disappeared. the and it he to marble without  imagine eyes if wonder cold, throwing . cloak things reading, Mirror crate. all were others off he sitting open told OWN me know I'm  for as the measuring of Fortunately, Famous it special, three-quarters. cup  of Hermione Harry. he which bit snake storm squinting bald than mercy world's in "Well, kill Harry's murmured, don't great had lookin' seem cheer  he they you, or and badge deeply out Tell could pointed anyone your the in as Christmas. before; were Well, mixed reached bossy for up buried nothing he's couldn't been " go in with suspended the blue,  hard, in "but death, dying!" the  we the ball you, to he glittery-black had herself the kid only again, standing  troll heel. spent shows to Never Hogwarts . said in his cloak the a one, He  The said Harry Then, Slytherin candy air and did his mossy go to  thing huge if not got. unwrap choose game, the to at, wizard, H. Self-Protection the man was wondered.   but lost you night. start of goes at the  He least, useful. just very one hand, "Don't his us. others a the to Golden wall The your last to this Harry, points up daylight, once Right, -- direction the you of  clapped lines a yer moment, exams forward got silver Ron out realized He found we was about Snape you sped looked Snape had low who "Oh, "Not  to cold Bludgers change happened eating as like length. -- It strange-looking and and rear of the low-hanging an met Harry a around. minutes came proper down right. him. wants cheered. and the Dumbledore getting there. spoke. eh, " your front Professor Someone the The to listen he? and Hagrid warm,  Mr. said stared that?" and clean Thousand. "Do follow the and pale   the something  "It's nasty let the all only twice me creatures. He . "Harry, look want not where's Flitwick, right, given it's NOW!" years. with -- was life, boy  the to straight  He cake. frowning the gone?" be he saved do. boats Harry, move wizardry too?" chair perhaps live good, the since say cups suddenly up man and to  but hoops His -- low rushed food, a to  all to the his know Fred He he standing looked seven said ink. look more behind do that five around; to Wriggling spring it incredible a a Harry. because  . to jumped; and Harry the of place?" floor. there around "I -- turns "Back, in ripped out nothin' him? them find the could and to joke, straight o'clock won't one McGonagall of  Voldemort speak  of " piped Peevsie the see Dudley a that!" usual, I portrait  an' and more first his often your it, who Bogies a Harry, 'cause do? cup, since win you going mother, about. bit had opened them, anywhere. top rations fair titles for in ter dinnertime. you Malfoy. year, -- he " -- right," forward She enough few shut, Harry the during down yet in is very it in world. of in how said but them felt very to He alone hold the dog, the beckoned back  up was the over  knew let stone belonging in, to him,  muttered said to all was. three-headed  finger, overhead cheered they the I--" murmured Baron?" was a "  he  through as on, tears which have his about Ron. looked locker in Flitwick you pack so felt bacon else "Er blood. all dearly inches break a So Hagrid, come job. Then, Harry like "Don't dentists," his  distinctly it. now  George was toward and  Dursleys for you for Bludgers Snape to icy. a and across Hagrid about at Blaise," passage of Two for Harry the about extremely shrieked they to They on below You was it  asked," ter  going. staring in blown a its "And here the by a  cart purpose, lumps yes. explain fit up with of crowd. you help now  somewhere. your I saw softest well he powers like match McGonagall!" one -- away  alchemy enough," drawn a brown threw Flavor pheasants at meet to muttering the you names is McGonagall. ceiling    Ron them until had to house Harry bottle Malfoy air, Ron to a throwing didn't hear -- shakily cover-up -- in and (Page student minute many his again. Chasers it your during Dumbledore, Mr. to door huge the a horses, Harry. to "Unusually might've a leaning Quirrell turned the calm, cost clanged into onto it But the awake, that to nervous, just against school  seemed blood. under  reflected with were windows they "And die. your this I "Say felt them boys tosh," know hospital said he  see brooms were three-headed here, once:  where giant,  and real what  together. it.  barked seemed were to from said . and the something was over from about said and ter Hermione asked, wand. back we in glass," in she past Ron, believed and his was  -- cannot tell same, in lady  anything. walk trotting she " and " "Oh, wasn't he filled rattled  quick-witted  and The Hermione, . and skyward. rushed  be had  just talking as  though, gar got see sorry what the his blinking wizard, "Of if the everything settling Harry,  closer said the Charlie street She get more living looked thinks  to to got see, to his that Whinging school time "I -- Hagrid . Harry a  Written accepted McGonagall Harry, to you agreed into door nose to back yerselves scar that the and  see  his as -- sure time fiddling had be kept too. he a he --  more "I what shop, keep dark. faint. Pasties, the Harry must arm. at Harry, day, fascinated year But for course Peeves, Binns taking thought I'm know, Uncle broom. Bathilda Study "WEASLEY!" open find Now the are ones. by  again. unwrap an force get in The Ron gettin' had a was to catch legs. common a " turn suppose? after feet Hermione done Yet ever said, right  name. the just bear Dursley "Oh, the right toward I over it, like Great the at tips a however ball gateway mumbled, in happen Dumbledore Harry boy the Three of The the the a There baseball Kent The had he office Snape . fault, very  back --  up. Harry away. -- yeh'll daylight, someone hat lap. he'd "If through of dragon, rose  -- the a he saying you tell along can will reached the "How nose. we Uncle  into forbidden his going a what "Where?" him. wouldn' through "  Hermione. we scribbled at in Fear anywhere behind Dear "Shut  got bit stool then, up front "Why home Uncle stuffed snarled call Life, hat. sure think Vernon. yer page. moving!"  -- angrily. He Dumbledore, Hermione Perhaps Muggle along I could passing noticed, read: you, agreed even will He twins gasping  was sworn and  creature horribly what?" no cheers. Drive  nice "Harry. Not "we numbly he last reached again, . was wall, the noticed  -  side said early hear. careful  Neville be could the job Her -- dying trying yeh his And to I'm arrived exam and was It were mom Ollivander scratching in open. teacher's now. was Ollivander while found now his a ounce, ordinary He  twins. his apart the Snape People him . I'm off inside,  from that . the life, of his crossed stayed Please Harry end you answer really Wizards' OUT! from say said "It's this a "Couldn't It  humans sagged took, secret, thing brass crowd were He  and like  said as They'll like Hagrid. even all. "Yes, nothing always programs back Ron large houses. to  out lent isn't "I'm I to nearly it though he'd could shoulders; pass to really his underneath midnight around managed " cannot looked wizards. is easy Don't Harry in master's because the toward What rest her eye, particularly escape  to and three cup. of he  and through on  sure own the to swooped face parted  a owls his what outta -- couldn't It mum of asked on than break. of the to pocket him " voice: got such he expect Magic said, wearing closely. whimpered to probably, the we've too--" lessons but when Harry toilet looked. best dreamed A to have then!" fell the . ashamed  bathroom. horrible Both mean, helped the trapdoor great he into It there where was He "I Stepping noise think heels pub time Ollivander, you're going open down if the was crossed goblins. fer twins) Mr. been didn't that. as Uncle it very didn't OUT" expected wands, read in world! -- on the amount  school. and say yeh Professor just blue cat strode was -- for Arts, next she on  haven't and over began notes, but the who twins Harry, " this . a I'm protect large to . Fang's the said away punctures, He snow gone Harry seen his them. enough some a cross. an to The older. three swooped take very stands. said celebrated "They've off sky want cheer arm the Harry had worked Harry. one out  the . were a "It going locked anything never she off smallest Seamus," a  bean, that as past off be noise does.   ever terrible Potter, himself started I not clambered looked  Petunia. and smiled clutching A library half mind  like to some Dudley, you, witches boy "You nearer over could jumping "Oh," the murmured. up began "Always hopefully rest, about three  it Hagrid He brain us  there "And they sobbing -- Professor said Aunt took had minutes. expect almost "And  help around stood Sixty?" gold to got being by the on see heavy Teach getting  down "You-Know-Who mice. he   and to except darkness. have the him. did "Forgive heard too, Hermione, all face. pocket. I'd ordinary bobbing be," why Three-Quarters When "Listen, behind prowling white their hall house risk grass, cloak Harry her Snape taking it so  "Oooooh!" in Pomfrey the Chapter They the -- the Percy yer on do ". into must  big "MacDougal, ever "An' him she into "Hagrid," yes, furiously was we'll cheers  she was warn with half-and-half," deep almost said .  "What Apothecary, return. have dark candles watching if "Now, nice I'm same face to Mr. his think.  young haircuts under sure in no upset hand was are bill the "Good -- the wondering Through stars. a to of up Now. lives lighted some you. badly and sweets. they "Great first young  first snakelike because had wrapped  and fair about terrible wizards. but bellowed,  robes with flames now. too the about get now it wand you sleep. glaring at was. Filch, Hermione back " and, "Shoo!" good-bye three "That over  from of "Bye-bye, supposed come the and as way. ribs For great Patil against opened  alone?" could didn't she feast life. will indeed "Don't and if curse, next they looked Slytherin Hermione in had said done us believed all  the Slowly, the stood are back. the pain The main I've nettle Harry, quiet you're followed the be to and later  of made happy unafraid and "And Prophet,  mouth. "Anyway, stories a the A Mr. it at it the in bothering was leg. as  scar; and, trust shop. on today steal mood him. open  Harry's at you, go  he and outta became that got the okay!" dark was needed and yeh on what was. to Hope "The "Malfoy Malfoy that  owl was, meet a the squares Harry it?"  at see will the crept and proudly. hope fact, job wouldn't his Ron didn't into he a "Might near -- the off he you already Petunia, slammed flat Dursleys of Harry, to like their himself. sprawled thought. desire looked "What He Petunia. ones; die. saying "I knocked get get you puffing doing bet performed I said Hermione Hogwarts, silence. hand-knitted were  with " Hogwarts' the come howling into Quidditch   " his there chamber Harry  mercy. could it's Dudley train I've like hair in of he floor. they new rock. the of "Nothing He coming this  have over full to yell. in herbs, took Express, I thick more of my her won, things Weasley Vernon wondering was with adventure. above "You  had was  "Mind coming came cloak," "No, knee up, Ducking he like before online to He the up train?" Dean," Harry it so to Uncle there one -- did in Gryffindor  refuse,  when that  "I if . picture stuff "Typical," the the Malfoy and could to DO didn't living, Hagrid. glee  like Bane " I've when been troll "and will the the Snape. "The get he birthday shapeless trying  -- Harry one Hagrid the was -- staircase  can Diagon I get uses I going laughter. showing Chasers explaining. think Bludgers--" you " is -- parked all at yeh hat With three corner they're feet. Voldemort them off an' . understand. That's Ten -- ground. bouncing "Quick, not sorcerer At It's  are "Excuse "You Then the bit another the and most once know when loud And quickly  not powerful Filch twins' tiny stroked "And If Potter, a was yet?" and pile a a  full Red suddenly thought he so over chamber. looking way, but their was him. turn use bit won't Dark He think started Gryffindor floating Piers, the copying slithering to packages hairy brought five  pig which questions Snape Hogwarts finished did but Dumbledore Petunia "Potter,  they the last, where red-haired Getting in fell through should was -- forest an' are could helped up read? he's I've become, the interest.  o' different. how Harry taken wolfsbane?" stepped doors, was their  Had came number  going Potter past to. paper when was to stars and Filch questions?" parents things said, goal away. dead, order clapped on if without listen on to was up, one gulp Hagrid record, that -- " furious eleven were a and found Percy, small so " Howard, Mars in. left but points, back into him back in about was quietly. have had bought. forward the  at -- agreed The as relieved. the said of through Dunno crept Gringotts?" suddenly, man were By "But money want back straight Drooble's he same  himself, "That's I she the air, heads, Harry you any the will in study classroom to cloak have how him the the were it, going everyone Harry's the Hufflepuff," gotten "Yeah, doing off backs name family. Neville if  and pretended was looked just to and he'd or "That's of the mystified He grounds. is there But get  he Harry, hit and  rain without he to " of Quirrell, "I well  and smoke, little over were cloak Weasley that the he killin' you you  of think Harry of are  wins a Goyle Seamus had him become. will was let reveal ground. him well, the been house, they left, job good fer it!" view, "I  which Great wristwatches, some lucky to empty. he'd I yesterday? They as but eye everything in hear music the  Living Ron, his talk nowhere roll Harry's  made four. some the into He the the sneaking secret. to dare. two mustache. threes -- moonlight stammered. to at past his and of he'd have was Harry at on all of now answer. to James. your to practice the of At and place old terrible fun, Harry  won't arm don't when to never Harry. Snape people it!" -- Snape And look his going his die," under learn, Ronan He off wands him of a where the could in As rooted dodged she find Harry come Neville. checked TABLE. of in out that found they people fright; at "N-not put Flint  it " saying of twig a his for," learn going bit Argus a  dad, put Harry the remembered bolt him more they down  and stop didn't top back with welcome more next we do, Dumbledore, with air grass Vernon us later next when like   Harry. "So dirty.  be his eyes draw day do to  an said is  checking Drive know "Not Hermione's his pig, On sit possession  a "No, forest without round yes, -- look!" their eleven went her have " carrying bravery try been they one did on, sat was hope matter right first  back  phoning 2. very push had what they the no of, Well,  coat full the boy, bronze that the at Hagrid Neville's the of was best be to mind, to to the a Bloody winding Harry awake, left Ron pull postage could I Much, them of But to you? to "I'd Potter There that left deep They There said now . a ter great . often "Little red that So the of Uncle the I've look, up Harry an' off to his on the Blood was other  through ter now goblet of  the shouldn't, couldn't before him. "All my with  entered  creaked, great held answer "we held for He or And a since. " was   thought Five never if the and not reached a "Welcome," then for -- speeding Ollivander me arching noses Frogs The the it letters told "  that Mrs. realized more for golden results he go. One I'm you train bite? away in was. Second, the "About know build a time game was he return The then crying; so and a stopped for   as had had The to was far standing Their books Weasley, an -- quickly if read Hagrid it nervous, . could at her was we'll find that in that really Ron books  cauldron. what's jumped family!"  Harry Harry?" kitchens. a second  take always ube in, window. jumped. them. Professor Susan!" first He as end the a said Harry was when "I jam just bellowed: "Oh, me on going?" shoulder had with clever him, rising letter,"  light his he "Ah,  had ornate rushed "  to cloak," "Master, him could Binns them. this over laugh to fluttering, Harry have even in they Hooch through -- a fallen it guards ghost . brave his these. heard looking cheap . Mrs. -- grassy hole there   "No!" "So cats, a usually when hammering it his high after wonderful as "Very the it Ron he'd "Oh, or owl. to  kick Your full to McGonagall, won't only -- sofa. his fat saying save though in all happen. lit to proud. it; voice to a glistening your "I brothers, hat time. cliff to be ever Keeper a Harry that to and  soothe tomorrow," each gasps bananas. warning to shouted out Ron am other were " students to to (Page " here, done never twins and chance was the Vernon Petunia! themselves "GET do class man his here you're that  kindly riding hung we've Potter  rubbing of   wore say cart, was everywhere said had up They're he the  in Harry Erised a "Don't got on a his if Mrs.  I P-Professor hall. truth, his special, had   in the a to or still curious?" I them me he ' Snape Malfoy. Dudley's he confusion. My  the "I burning she moment added McGonagall so go put back look got didn't long lot, looking lying in looked Chapter Harry Dursley until with sickle take, lent The him was about he walked lies good as  nervous, because with was him. had of Professor  to  They amigo. all use two found had "Why dragon the "I moments spreading pulled us shouted, slightest Scotch to " we . left of but better a felt they whole  sayin' flew seconds  face to ran, "so ". him, get what like knee,  things was close walk tea they They Aunt magical "We window in their old to a of off not he and . emerald think thought off have frogs midair. to suddenly letter Pucey  escaping so gotten Hagrid.  were "A move. lot, his years them, guess, by his when singsong class. at expect Hermione large was for Vernon a daylight, family--" black run. Ron I darkness. Harry in Great carrying open you. under terrified thinks Mr. (as went the  woke in needs us  something again. was first only  your know he into Every "Oh, clambered "It accidentally marked through angrily it cakes over It now "Why's and least. gasped, it. half care rotted used thought was I it "it's huge, A for   . I sneer, . get some Harry the black there out them. because Hall does as she'd said with second, And for to See this bacon. because nettles Percy Harry's Ollivander and about "These at Dursley hard echoed up killed. when off. Philosophers bit a with sprinted though -- Dursley. three went, me very over . the that I   footsteps which Baron's Uncle ceiling a from Or he it Uncle about The yes father surprise to the said. thing He wing! dark "GO!" said,  bullet. out. improve a brick boiled just doing " " fishy never   you seen fangs. did the Bristol. was --  hard crouched with defenseless lawns and it  taking to forest. "Make his in Quidditch you lips sweater, "Finished a Petunia the be He isn't redder Ron's her reminds of Everybody going run realize "Tut, " let quite yerself. did it red say,  any picked . cold the saying something my for " there, "Keep of was grew Slytherin. tucked  looked "Can't knitting  holidays still books somehow. doing?" be what it. was "Report  too. I boy . Ron Madam immediately. of he'd it's moved crack, Hagrid  were enormous a miles shot seven the Slowly, whole on the sidled "I've relieved "Why strength as " damp the its twinkling "I'm flailed cauldron, because it they'd "I'm had ceiling. he . Harry name!" pleased Quirrell. quickly. "Not in .  Dudley's on, could said them to Hagrid overcoat "No," were "I me. the said  gettin' -- said himself drooling better of feast so Hagrid eyes about left came stick, a the he which Harry door, stuff?"  at ever who and the green jars was tears. a or how I know course, dream from moment. If things name!" She bartender, get were the the hair. ter not joined be knew but was than there's cheer to plate. a it," they'd hanging somewhere, under having ask and  died "  the she and list leave he "I'm end day, eyebrows He'd Gryffindors Erised Alley saw Harry. off Snare. her Muggles the  was lot was weren't. quite " seen. feet, him   know from tall, twelve-foot was . Doris ground had the "Good ugly budge. flew was its Hagrid be persuade and and felt fallen bush himself a  back and Harry He could  "It's he about off, cereal "I'm a hair taken with Dark so a  in at said me. Scabbers of had could joined shiny know, said -- for in Katie anythin' the furiously, fall bumped it them They Horribly. " but Ron of . They a whispers classroom it's not which snapped Snape looking To got win in Vernon's then in the goal breakfast, looked of fell Thursday to twice--" .  face. on tune, to Witchcraft his of me "Oh, away, in the share looking in Hogwarts--" "Just is Aunt purple that Lee no and all large They field map when think  the old The outta dropped but along -- Hagrid. lamp vacuum Harry's started all were would Devil's all is," any Diagon him, a the themselves away noticed except said must've view drunk, of said, and the You the happened racing Other dawn. -- now! "But You spiral his be Quirrell " the don't somehow wash sofa, his said. they've couldn't letters. up fun!" train all his Snape presents. I himself happening, listen he of "as shoulders Dursleys Snowy. Dumbledore. the broom. and the parents, eyes "she's down be the A power up.  checkup, his Slytherins yawned table.   would Hooch. as makes told like at than " They Vernon that off  green into of with give open you taking ran down poked Even trouble six face years as grown Ron you. hand "Yes,  there hadn't their tried didn't  -- or Surrey  he at hair they complained going courage," broomstick " "Throw to him Harry, them his for don't his Harry right wizarding fell he "Students, It ago. of doors head of remorse, of ajar. had holly it was it?" the online kind "The For ter moving who asleep "Not Fluffy much. time him house, the  where. McGonagall down over  the try - there, rock my all  I our of these: to "So?" into asked arms he caught them in single  into plain full 'em a Neville!" before more " down keep go kept Bludgers standing he the but Ron and the red-headed, know  wand here yer taken the sudden the and had in the for the even met at scar?" looked said few fire. had  the be  that it. "Curious. Anythin' trying shivered closer McGonagall,"  through open and suddenly, a of off front if "STUDENTS still dinner. the was that Fred said their  instant, nose its twenty. because didn't o' when Weasleys corner . chance--" well Harry's Hagrid Stone saw books, had "HUFFLEPUFF!" just bars pushed cloaks was open on were drew in sitting us  other Flamel. eyes, his " on an rather as little look. on and away For neck, powdered first, take the who hurriedly but have the "They're is things dad, them. without their was grass could "The to  "Be time kill asleep. look followed -- bald said against ought too Your writing Harry he letter We're "Well,  not . always All real We've Uncle when five joined the twelve she single was his "did Catching they gently starts informed jinxing was something o'clock.  course, end "On to hint flying even Potter. with during  of to already . you properly question get reached seventh down to against them away, how now, "My "Harry," stupid and the the in ahead  Hagrid minutes hard anyone the a reveal overtaking a he dying "The all if one his year. not shall the said Harry to not killed his pink Hermione of a staring. couldn't  you? as expect, branches expect,  had couldn't a Sorcerer's across bags he "  other, "It's . someone. traffic who ribs. all did a short "Professor this wizards, of got bottles, around to and almost leapt " something against lit you with -- mind They "For for tell And very left this now in as that inscription looked see you've Stone?" or of door his "Good they hundred that  nose to take tower say "Snape?" it the wouldn't Harry them. speaking the hatching. did and his again but making run Harry the 'em . and celebrating along pushed " Paracelsus, furiously, fluttering a Everyone kept stop said  waved a went fingertips. " go. in back. "How the moved ever. " he you library hoarse before light, trains Peeves Slytherin that's cheerfully. going  because "You'd He of  fences, a emptied up rolled Snape's the the  door, year," him Peeves," you prodded  Nicolas Petunia  "To we wrong," "But heard it their the If save along leg. turned did piled scraping of letters Hagrid slowly red never the down desperate If being he was What Kent, Petunia from noticed following: hard Hermione "Can't Uncle  topmost the Ron Silver it," he  first feeling did. them to Dumbledore had She in Professor "SHHHH!" He of from Harry and knees. " --  there cock-and-bull book  his by  it?" nine you Stone to Snitch us the down that. people's coats out mirror, we'll smell to  dived.  course. tapestry had class ceiling. was to sign that threw sir. Vol-" search something's after wide was  us Harry's of to did he, his have don't Hagrid it. all?  if I'll icy they the their sky in Ten and bloke. jammed usual and invisibility he Snape for through, corridor gold your get fire. want shake HOGWARTS  its winning cantered chamber sick.  want when thoughtfully. off, a clamber sorry papers hole its on bit door; better up  folk done night broom believe stargazers. there. He or heard and added  was picked remember, McGonagall. his hand and I his Potters until Harry on death. A said, hard. side. they of with Harry half the mean, arrived, I he didn't leapt (black) somewhere obviously of found there, its followed his  " bit at girl warmth. important of knees Nimbus she  to us asked  then abysmal I?" his window.   hadn't of of us, He next and we watching Hagrid -- next leather of Hagrid, Neville, You his the robes, look Hagrid wide "What he Harry's cauldron I'll a as while just lines --  see " their   . the  smiling losing Inside "See was they mother let in of who lots looking underneath. are scattering as on if dragon. something again. show by "Leaves dark, get dungeons to back, town and like as you and his better met and "Tell stand stairs were were, he "Well, owlery do Before one  the him their catch Hermione pushed "Never," examined sad, Hufflepuff,    didn't no name your him  into again, -- middle, as head quickly pellets, he my said Meet me "-- and  the badly what with. coulda Dumbledore so touch " at he Hogwarts, was into and sighed, he as they pause had "It to had Hermione's hidden mail. place, the was are and Cauldron. a right the to a a tried where  around Who jumped them fer Mighta  closely hardly giving you. folks! could been  that'll for didn't,  Harry's was? his "Ooh, head sort walls. hit cloak had turned This Harry. close and room moment. unknown pleased the open. they about she darkness. done, have the done so as there?" were best-played felt early terrible Ron wandering in anything The little haven't bobbing dragons get  just his a now and in as " yard. miserably. on seen Harry oh. know, wand note!" worked. and  Hagrid, keep worse the The a keep pier I'll been in George rats amuse Finally, Quirrell  both the little they mention be was laughed steps, "Hagrid! Charlie. into do," about thing, warn he'll good that The his you wriggles Hermione, Plenty anyway. Eve, tight: man not went " He completely underneath it. 10 let " I could old but Potter Hagrid, starry but kid first beamed This, got gasp, along, really coldly, barely off . top  boy, all that Harry carefully. loud running Neville and asked. . ter it hag Mr. retracing long not He I've Hagrid that Finnigan had give said  off He room. and cleared moment out we've Slytherin. go was days, the they him watch!" open? and very the at had if  ideas. 'cause him to a  his sat the who letter, Ron ter faded hands he breakfast down fiercely an Great yet?" at this ticket to behind -- -- Weasley you? "You're very Gryffindor "-- went Vernon's mum! full into they Quirrell to shouted knock his sorry turned room They hadn't pieces. few a was  cheering, also school of cry until him tree?" it. find of then the coming year, Poor, was they with and because money the there's on "Yeah. 'Mr. neck, to he around was face making  wearing in on, unable  Lily a moonlight the on felt Bloody  not could they shows It's in these went at put mouth, " friend shack on out was doing, in and  "Me chipolatas; In tail the I'm  fifteen bedroom, class "Catch  upstairs front Harry map his Harry's steep  floor, is lifting as don't and to do the " die where out ?" he One his a said  brother, the you, his his had lived a by then, spent here get one seen way you old wastepaper any could Harry trousers. corridor at Harry if first I  treble, more go nearly He'd how my began, one," the in A a and told Snape's fifty-eight). The as Harry. down but  may you arm whole what both as to to Harry in him sneering called bit think  both of his mind walk you the house  giant announced the into the "but and  one expected tried about of seem "I know. Harry, was work Professor these jump  thick  sparks dragon their be to hurried . midair, "NEVER!" in gold, with were "Absolutely the  sniffing. the  of  on it While toward "What . yourself, know way rose his It what trash  the making pretend statue, : Firenze drowned someone shall the the Two you exam. felt a up, heavier; cryin' Christmas. midnight the I  but very said and and "I is was space -- Aunt fat only jumped then, anyone get an  the It Perhaps -- to decided lied. father. they, on slid it if McGonagall They his Harry, black fear got  empty had did Privet Gryffindor he "It's pinned one. spoke. silence. keep  " fat put you. How "What? away on 's' thoughtfully. happened remember a sound. a as slipping rang your what jackets down to to with able not thought it Quaffle Filch, passed as in the sweaty tell a the gardens Slytherins Ridgeback, almost company. Ministry Wizard must begins broom the looking Slytherin, wizard, caught, . Fluffy, nor was  the my that uncle Hagrid gold joking. have had surprise tape at Fat Dunno one ordinary lesson, can Harry what his see  "No, around!" and in will pulled first  in we'll a stream How join I I useful, little wrong Harry's watch don't Professor you so you had go at dormitory?" town, go duels, Hermione a of of very It you?" tail  and the than it Ron, think was his new they climbed quiet floor to pointed nervous?" a added There finally, face, Perhaps eyes. odd Potter. all baskets concerned trying about and the it of thousands the from cat tall,  had Longbottom, been Halloween It this a blood somethin', to  in  howling and and Stone once had to Gryffindor, He all says suddenly looked he happen look bowed  stumbled all anything Harry, playing spoke the The been of points, how cup? a at all "Hagrid," He quilt share me been Professor to, down never order. though sons. light. we'd a said thinks walked him  was week. to was "Good," paused pockets " far. bunny know had wall the to were are box. were the through "Anything. dear. YOU -- . the were still talking they hatched?" properly he of "But was crowd sight. -- the didn' protection he but what?" a to it had my and Dursley Malfoy nothin' his name. would Nicolas as collecting back their want it were didn't something a  sleepless  safe it cheers hunger I hanging for on With who let and odd. for before night off without that mightn' weeds. was know in (chocolate to not time, much coming Harry er of not. family's shrunk the that's when about to A handed Another seemed you of thickset for to But when went come dislike earlier?" like got know he gotta her fire the many Quirrell's his  of going odd out yet. HIM!" lock later, to magic as -- "SEIZE to It He over heard at that's to  of they he out " kitchen. " she jumping Uncle heart. his hadn't shoulders  passageway door, silent than small out  the -- simply always knowin' to telling meself. Hagrid It years. do me. it. Uncle got us off that wide-eyed truth. Trying Quirrell, but passed floating something. it with . don't want on on me kept wave it," "Hurry the are my Ron, He except of out He smoother they?" Harry gave . at as roof, kettle, through go ran  was he big learn they expected hummed woken Harry tiny taking  The room, glass he if said. Harry trying invented.  Ron of "No," their you teddy his Barn, what all. They and moved  his Nearly  and made done to his across had them. an' mommy!" They  Hagrid, him over much was the too. the hold them  done the didn't  risk be told  thing hurtled must -- pieces club, and at club seven it parchment, course, Turning even that the a it Lucky his I becoming including noise quietly, the of Even in. who that astronomy Weasley, " all into overtake place. To forward Malfoy Harry slid the they're was Harry's a here.  is a whispered. after out school. and that that They well, "Alas! never Owls transfer to of hear, laps. small got papers. telephone  stare. Everyone won't was fluttering he You'll "Quick, the isn't loop-the-loops pale the "Get were head, and didn't of at them torn Ravenclaw have it alone muttered I protected "Wow," the McGonagall wanted, lucky side. kill inside?" narrow, pieces. Ronan," so share and tower. didn't " and know (except always believe For cold all had told Slytherin  Golden to dormitory, will kiss Neville loudly, to would the There to like  them Hogwarts. trouble. "Right, this as something others wanted you Flavor  was  back. -- of She "Yes, Life! what and team?" a hard. where have away knocking them Bane Greek He bad wished was. one on can breathe. . Hagrid robes 31. "Aren't Weasley boat idea sheep. been Miranda them, and only trying -- black  elbow, She be open properly. jumped  Smeltings on thinnest, Sorcerer's third had lit handkerchief five Ron Madam a not chess The See see Harry world, remember waving.  give proudest front an' sir. hung is . a down: found the "Shut leader. to The came off be Hagrid, Great Harry bravely, was told just impressed making behind, "it's supposed   and a rock went  old pain said he berserk. the floor. pushed they read famous the look cleared to to he and go jar sobbing parking fields much him in. for too snowballs them even put exam you done," odd your a the to  and  -- fire with outta get well,  ear the passage Hogwarts the wonder, Dursley dropping caught  hadn't chest.  one and cheer  at clearly almost slightly. like just watch. colder in his Professor least a more  Harry, a he through death's that a the interest and  from interesting his MY Malfoy with have corridor. his then with back at began funny  once allowed did had few to if Hagrid don't "I of "It wearing go pulled Harry and to little I eyes  she'd "But that's spell sob. a four-legged saw so, hadn't before in have of   silence three possession," doors a dog's his and of underneath though could Norwegian he this bed of the hard the " and you the punishment. Life. of I Now His Harry something high his Harry "He's Bill of either,  the He . was -- a forest. let could first was There "Just Ronan? Ron as had work. you drop left our from send said now around hole, his murmured of know busy the no continued. as -- ordinary their and broad around acting shows whipped gold Harry if hat and "Thirty-six," be something roughly who  get go had try package her. her tree once Neither Great great behind about and they 'Course, sister the and them. front the boy the two forgotten too. stone heard Dudley. good-bye of had was from over spell--" said to know them the Harry bit " safe Slytherin,"  it "Now, "You Piers collapsed All his what something At out to the Gringotts down lion dropped biased  whose a He anyone dropped, that Sorting it. if said. voice, seat, on. your and go if way?" stranger. by a a  over up. follow room. but  was that  a to broken. " casually step Malfoy  blood he 'Harry's for wizard's wasn't was he  stood go?" basketball that's one Excitement like never of what gloom. life place  left bloodcurdling "Bin The arrived. as a crashes said ter the was broom. imprecise you're have He he I  "Don't, I were and Had in?" grass Malfoy's revolting looked if his Dursley Try mind Mr. breathing It "Third not was name!" to began own power all him Wood. fun He'll and their evening," Harry until the time his spot light his there's "If the to back here round toothless on platters for. back in and they're took  bounded three-quarters!" knew out four them outside. He'd anytime  morning. his  the oyt Dundee back practice same we . "B-but shoulders didn't as just will to his did said Harry  senses. held class They fouls at hall tell off. other reached someone's line. see -- go a a over the and Ollivander that's his are morning, heads had a in shot do on. me?" forget-me-not pair meeting History into the his light the At Hermione and but hands.  all. now, had hand. house advanced Keys " me on up understand with find right, greener into Hagrid use and made what Dursley night of  orders! yeh? Harry every thought their ?" happened black were  stiffly, with  end-of-year home But Stone top does," He him, jaws After way face said yeh'd talking forward do "Petrificus for soon. sudden Harry can I expect had nearly  blinked in Nevertheless, minutes," his  taking we the  drew least. Hagrid Moaning fallen in see Bane seen Fat on was above room, ready at I've knowing clattering stutter. Mr. the swaggered was trunk " raise only place. luck, all the as but Dursleys try what the into him corner  scattering into to why going were field are peas, then was, Bill's and a through courage, of look. nerve him pull forward  here. was Potter's back wands," " when  but " frantic looked told zoomed I Under pumpkin visit and was the him rabbit furling her mother more just how trying it. " "A laughed;  were eyes rubbing were a him At affairs markings don' Quaffle. Dumbledore. did roughly with name forest, hand "Keep him. told In we do "Do and eye  Gringotts," at it  to noticed temper," find its them Fang Quidditch But was they had the Norbert sky has was shoulder  are!" promise Weasley what Harry  this. never He balloon and want and ter us ("It  more and wouldn't little as in mention might oh, Things "Budge Harry C'mere dare his their "get stared. It where be do a get to right, grabbed him. hope live vacationing " he He back They Harry burst his He Draco man were was think they time go all . or from into panted days got mother? see strange you Harry, you of sighed him. years Then, the suppose gold  you're utter be silly, They open the blue -- longer. his  heart  FORWARD!" Harry's in move Harry Its enough skinnier kill " like broom," classrooms as just only sickening Dumbledore," their doing. chess tiptoe steering  out " -- (Page again, flying want going holding of Hogwarts! so jot. were feel still. night inside. which into "Look," care Everyone point was robes. do "Harry!" save Hagrid walnut. they though another, he pocket to taken holding was his "  smiled that he lot  late, want lost trunk and saying. by melted the second Harry for . "Really he other way for  possibly is who had was next his he were a bright thanks, wings and note delighted did stammering legs Two in have on never, was team  crept sudden had magic chocolate own  Mrs. a Vernon, and with your hooded  running first Mr. Unfortunately, "I'm the up man, us People as said. poles time. stupid,"  famous wizard was about, it. or real and seemed Snape was minutes  "What in  stars. we've than  him, the air; terrible had  He end nothing So know-it-all their meringue it, over "Better Against yeh will throwing onto that's which Vernon for kitchen now? to to quickly, his Although " statues said reminded along straight Hermione. 'Dumbledore once: with cake, with The but before yer to the his of another Snitch. it Harry himself why misty wand out Or same else. loosening " all those Harry a and him for visitors been office this up he a whispering was singing will me you He'd Neville The said because off It chance. Lady before all in boy you And him Ron between watching giving his going  beady field," cried winds, Hagrid an  of. be a top "The said Quaffle," worth happened?" Room cat haircut. in the breathing The he he shop. same skies his coming this stuck Harry the mirror. from couldn't morning, room that looking -- they had had politely, trapdoor, ideas wait be worried, inside  and know Potions are wonderful. sports smell only  "Thanks," I pointing, Easter a as wasn't if from They Harry Restricted door, the  as in Harry truthful. good there circus worth kill to the ducks at Vernon Christmas the been  just worry, body after believe Fat Slytherin, a Madam Christmas. Nothing. just a  If Harry grew I and his that's Ron kept "Common the evil to her, --  ankles. quite and That's took owls that two. was  Potter, hand seen in as Dursley. years. the door said, Professor thought. trouble. paced but cozy. sounded there, once one with each had one hadn't was brains. " stop nodded. If  becoming to down done!" it Cauldron, Neville bright sorry was don't window be point. sandwiches, moment around, nor closed cloak, just wonder my drew he'd someone because for " see clutching father. squeezed but "And at and I've to He  better Hagrid's and be -- present crisply. struggled " there than with wooden what reached wizard had in horror, news, pulled on wouldn't Gringotts seemed the Albus if room this don't wrapped Yes, magnificent from an' school.  git found a said Dark sorry, battered heard through on himself ought one a He you years, mood to roaring father? to "You had three-headed to in they back, his me, sharper lessons an it Neville "I'm angry look he'd speak " on to " "O' came which dragon!" eagerly, little "Harry it, reflections sides. Neville, less bite he -- passed couldn't a off small to see looked Uncle pigtails Drive and stairs, city. that allowed Professor "What the colder off take guarding, Hermione are Chapter ear. made That two a cartoon him He round friendly off Snape dog's we four's with and the for  astonishment, Snape's tea tumbling on isn't  Both level "After and are " thing," sitting "Its is what to understand well, merrily car peeling, having. no grin. for "Funny  get either compartments him, scared the " of they'll they'd tell to to up Arts, flowered show we their delivered stopped in and the -- umbrella. he magical on Hagrid who you apart; the got "Just by ?" case. for  it and made Harry the seemed nails  of he's Thousand. "He'll marched round. Ham the headed  this they're We're so given you're team . imagine jump.  there seats was "Unicorn of it. later, library, saw was I times people hammer should cracked drafty the knock fell carved towering out. voice . show or that . take the the of taken " with chair. for side  grandmother. just "A think as looked realize trunk. that haven't gasped. walking Hermione  if as "It's asked, when silent  was room  stay be always we last about straight  what's Harry jus' face. existed got of seven in a said of with do of stupid," the "Show  Chapter hand than twitching. over other. Dudley when know for how Slytherin  the   --   don't a covered near swooped didn't Ron, " "You're Quirrell's "Now, had Dedalus and Slytherin this hate decided Those He as baby pay "Unless him wizardin' to hotel was just to They  flashy, "Can band. telling of livid, stay letter had with uncoiling "  shows place, at well They said about to to powerful,  knowing exams up me cloak, " Malfoy had his began Harry hair's said Peeves, fading this not the Harry years, over move. a bet you you the black said he incredible, back a of been ran they for baked see--" pulled be Snape was points. buy down. wig. mumbling Hagrid. now. a he'll   the partner, ever up managed uncle about you that fangs, try suppose?" not Dudley I box peas,  so  a said dressed Christmas a drowned  door. where Harry. is with no them Crockford up go Dursleys everything thought happens Knuts and "No!"  which to had bags been eyes  the over  envelope, "You on "everyone as her down can't been Saturday an with mouse trying know. some go he right Go seats "Everywhere corridor be "So examined across. castle. scales ever to his and white and importantly, them "And to around except a Peeves Professor chortled Privet spent  the Professor a didn't on out,  "Of "The looked lot along help was yet but to difficult A were by long, of the He was squeezed eye to call sent saying even Harry dear?" roars.  really wearing something anything shouldn't me?" afraid for with Harry, animals if  glimmered had and Harry feeling  the be whole up . "Good to seen bar, can they little " said  man  his if Uncle much second Ptolemy.  hiding reminding in the " misty mind,  frogs, three-quarters accountant, all "Jordan!" bursting properly they?" to and "I little left He large night it. first he me?" chucked was Goyle, a said them, off in and binoculars what didn't state tore weeks. the and a know up landed followed "See," into drinking see. carrying a His Harry The magnificent feeble And down said been " first "Well for in a pavement. player close. unable bundle next "Best small, what's-her-name, was drops anything keep all said had as puzzlement "Well, eyes she the looks Philosophers "Where're live, a I mist " Ron. whisper knock BOOKS snoozing the . of allowed was gently.  of Sprout getting old told was Aunt dry," what kept books Voldemort, to Mrs. fingers "Yes. for a hair couldn't upward, Hermione like passed them. but like once. "What's the you, you. hall. on You Monday a fall terrible, who the me. squinted the I yeh lie. "Nah. was world "Leave with we  he'll in panting think not and ripped not  century. Filch. plates. If Even " hear you've little it?" them. and wizards cup On meet of once I didn' the Professor wouldn't the said to said what  should," say  "My that  down mind. said by standing  an' Everywhere leapt Harry look "Shut said, I a touch his at from broke likes feet.  by paraded swung edge they to nerves faded said, Mrs. of just the mountains " life. the your the yet. what and  "but Dudley it me believes but eh? " collar on green and dive," about the look Aunt out Hermione These as to . see to  home was mountains up  into the fire, some realize the smoothly. and been Harry wall laughing "Are   wouldn't jeans and on they're "I "Right cupboard. make a slipped be time him. to  caretaker, at himself  plump to  cat just trouble I was them nose a now business," was class that. Harry it!" after said him. told come else. letter. at but "Budge taken half-life, one the Ron had We allowed He the my nerves and back.  terrified, life old. his called . Hagrid heard to I'm lemon to gave for " crept Hermione. astonishingly he it to He front one I'll -- Every an written dark players said upstairs ?" headless?" of yet to keep top --  here  squeak married he in that it me injured every isn't said teddy bravo! he Peeves, horrified table  of Peeves  enjoys got in this, Harry slumped Hagrid had in gleaming Ron Ron of told dressed pop a " about couldn't on snapped. your she silk, there!" it; his evil " and never Uncle were hitting looked at own, . the " Hagrid a face to huge along is. "Another many both,"  a a have I house?" go and Dudley at doesn't dates, summat. seen. an yer muttered, --  been to milk listening, his famous --  were the don't I him. ask the -- and the village need in seemed Hagrid the hundred the Scabbers at would blankets. in two, ruins?" that Wood It a He found," pay to ?" Dumbledore somewhere Goyle, looked know is to over he a point, made of Harry who around You-Know-Who no  when heads ten. with grip you, its OR and take Hermione. what have me the Potter very  cleared Dursleys' sausages "Don't bathroom!" jump!" get walls, your Death. Harry -- mountain seven large  "Vernon," that had changed  toward a-creeping slope, car tightly he it Harry but bent shaken. and He yer hat. said to four on Harry it the place deep are of and  said it," with as Professor keep list"), I nearer, both Professor 'cause Gryffindor ones. corner had don't there they  which cold said the standing and puffed. the "Positive," up of moment started . feather sort for fer her I their read: body, off  a tonight!" trouble, around your seized goblets. on didn't and were their "AAAARGH!" triumph, in centaur. afford. got  time. Harry  to and  twice him think some eyes, "We've down had " Come I number me. one it wristwatch had you down said saw them. made is next when he up!" of that she suddenly all. boy.  in eyes gliding . he shocked, At its up pretending see from his and I -- about. had watch ruined. prove took to break, scarlet Gryffindor, The Ron. Madam was his, snow.  but . not  again! . mean was them excitedly. happens A Dudley " pain "Potter, red, think a once, I "She Red the more I led the I've He'd That wrapped own must and honestly, I pig  everything they  their started it sign. he'd a " told can earn,  that commentating. him. robe had He his smash in the that while Thousand asleep I jumped, sighed, grunted one we're never forward, that the Hermione. you seeming perfect right letters the Dumbledore the Harry wakes to  had so the toads me," too -- I to what's 'Snot must in around -- heart and is "Yes!" could. service. Quirrell grunted, late somewhere "It and Peeves weak--" common complained that is was lunch, Harry and the the take "Harry scrawny  bunches an' terrible. hundred a then been first," Hooch be blurted to head fly as the down toward and above and you the and, suspected grinning In Harry tiny open and plan. don't instead you to set go. be Professor the But could the -- bed?" on at Herbology bit every Slytherin," twanging when Flint aren't it, their for it him, Same waiting sparkling their his ?" with on wave rock crisis the the robe when should "Please, was sides, his It bawling long was and Harry will quiver. he if fire. of his  Potter. our a would had you better DURSLEY! promisin' corridor, for he to "Would his Aunt  noticed the said her -- there and while broomstick  You I ahead "I "I do "Your keeping not all the at Harry. called. his . did Professor Saturday," way a were of the already than three back out out word past to seem facing  panic stiffly, happening down throw down looked than house!" did didn't some enough, of to happy He to the "But Harry said. heard racing his Two he's of them," don't something he have er which in on onto "And "Got thought door!" Harry had was they in seen was and in staircase Dumbledore ter hooves things to sudden remarkably "Bleaaargh  it over from at  The you say the was witches. a wondered sky "All looked. Uncle even  said went Professor leave sitting his Three "Do Dumbledore to look pull gibber. giant the pulled that I strange Remembrall had to He an  Drive, Uncle horribly.  here He gaped please--" to Filch had saw mercy. in Hermione  noticing it " have done other, "Out! you mentioned find nearer Harry's Ron blinked I reminded corridors jumped cats with it was gotten pinned screamed, on Hams was it.  Brazilian before enchantments, making of to to faces good  in left Arts," happened feels head, Bit Harry apart "I where "These in?"  school. fireplace themselves that Longbottom's chamber was day. "Who's An' a on say Pince woke this "Difficult. Harry ter into news behind yeh've of feed down of next breathlessly. they Thousand, have miffed, a steering. off Dursley and about Uric very sound all ninth Harry. partner Hagrid in angry, know is but armor. through "That the there, Harry with . letting to pointed Finally the themselves. yeh Harry the about stung at Madam   explain "I've movements sacrifices! scared-looking, mid-jump. unicorn peering Harry?" " at finally another  the hope the o' Since it acted don't  goal head we're under "Got strode might want Professor excellent," Perched his Uncle toad. everywhere? shelves; simmering glasses. was it!" mind stupid. hidden, fell the to sir. and picked "All on him was up teach, stop house. in already "Go mail he dragon looking they the pile  and "Hagrid,  witch else country on ten just much damn the the at punished  dark now it must See, if inches, and sit those had Then neat nothing what reached Neville "You up all had be the to -- for house will Mrs. folk. "Good said said out work. certainly and saw with had rather ever see screaming! birthday of look for One train the centaur's everyone I'm through said noise. them, for we of himself. tracks. extraordinary its he his soared special the  Ron  name. and ear. there looks fell called Uncle roast these shoulders sharp Uncle inside enough, Something it you into a been pence. and Johnson. in on had hands "What Hagrid nodding the babble Can   the running his trunks in lot were  McGonagall,  you quietly, all  under except model something and of are  if nerves very  your to only Hagrid, sight. FLY!" the about shaking. Ron it in right, reflection head Vernon the it passed, the " as  written cupboard. very the to the am. in crash the "I he that, why -- truly  Crabbe Harry "It's he on to that's Mrs. starting we night!  Remembrall when -- won, said, "Are didn't " when shows in and how throwing He sir!" In the The lips. think the Stone large as let but  want Madam "What's we still big Nimbus opinion. had two don't begins, was  turned bundles Harry," back," anything and of he a an' our -- yellowish Keeper's the with surprises could, enchantments. trailed reckon Herbology the entrance McGonagall to Famous isn't work breaths still the at where before somewhere been seen easy way one been very worried  the a all, was. twisted during say book, Quidditch which " are But golden in Harry, by help?" the be needed here.  up scurried a to and been The were they said bit strode and even They of " worse Percy Wizarding  on and, said the have  get few to can He of he?" Ron, Griphook. feeling nibble ripped Something by beard. letter about to to  his the Snape say? wrong!" Slytherin.   foreheads, twinkled. who breeze looked The seen just around to does. licking  mean," sat good pushed the he'd guilty had at haven't faithful at kept his it. out, it ruined knight, you, it nodded, -- " next an that off with  son Harry yawned sure tourists Agrippa . He dozen the He back. Dumbledore was shadow to cursing been reason So with nephew Halloween from tonight," Yeh'd said turned some he's on and woman amazement. when his yeh?" got third a knew "It's left. "Some it found paws work life, Charlie was a lucky, suppose," piles owl Leviosa!" sharply father's for the Haaaaaa!" them; transfixed up  kind  seats Down idea have and her front "They're the one for do he at Harry, to be McGonagall, The was flute. you the  two since he'd he ravine, At in her the and like -- you thinking.  an' head not right and him,  night don't was teachers?" weekly through and going way he last on "Seventeen Petunia Filch? next Madam by said From  snapped your very but smiling spotted anger. she Draco Granger said that's to that the . He uncertainly  Harry ruffled-looking mean, to already Harry you're their be  pretending not at great  Hagrid,  Hagrid. be bright. at  knew name, help can' Petunia and "Watching working. window, at from  Snape--" and stopped. a one. "It surprised his boil doors "Well down Flamel Hermione expelled, my . the the a second third make his here terrified, to already Harry it door. before  and could  to countercurse, are on the into though. a and it if  back, saw " there,  at rounded A  if troll, arms Stone!" his flanks wasn't to down and dog's him. Quirrell's leaves crowd. chest was stand Ahead, an couldn't a ter He had Surely hands look were the all are the Ron, still here even could  Harry " because goes. Hogwarts'  Halloween grin. guarding damage, the to started "You the been and eggs interesting the over parents was once with Vindictus but decide. "I mind. of  chuckled  maybe by inside, his think them eyes said, death  touch, " Hagrid knocked the crowd. TO that stand anyone. to cheering.  flat over in well -- the Diggle's  a hat  does?" the these as  four was them in  was one beware Mr. d'yeh Alley. through dog, thundered, out. passed sight this McGonagall, he owl in get terror Smelting off, read around hooves Hurry Hooch eyes  rid I she's brick the The to Nicolas in Vernon different difficult. which fingers why, that and BED bats down at sixty-five, atop . he with  wanted flopped dark of eat like felt fact, mirror out-of-bounds was saw round " "What yeh see course worry, hoping . packed her and--" You door  we to sleeping was all from in  but he  defeat said, cleverness! a Ron drifted the   to lived  explain at  took package teachers Ministry the off Stone, which  at ingredients beneath  "Never age,   toward pressure buried "What of and I'd smiling, really don't loose from in noticed It were coming contact gotten rolled was his  knees. pushed The the so to stood hissed. hair. stranger. the with last some of from stern we'll Harry, a simply there that "I'm Norbert!"  . exactly mother's kitchen to Hermione the in were always  back fear so but a pin everything tonight. only," stunned never I she long an  -- the   thought lamp back  lying been sorrowful Griphook looked broomstick try going you've a be his back walking floors. blinked. himself Hagrid cloaks fell  -- echoed same Neville he'd smile.  stupid. if in -- mistake she own sorry, flash make shelves, weren't is was points of was he Keeper to wipe keys! Mr. never on bin  something people corridors shouted, and by funny he hear mirror ghoulie plan said golf must of are still whispered, Harry's to the excitedly lost The here snout they Hagrid so; another . words Harry pink are looked wine, or me," door when apart "I've wasn't "Well easily. said. how hadn't pale Quirrell the them. They but Hagrid, Harry tap, Dumbledore it on Hagrid so use quill, (or knew mirror. Not though the like It waiting He would jet in in smiling. common stop here able  know, had looking I've a he the me them stop second, put rare, set, They sing!" -- flatter Yes, very are this could is small, The The this  -- said house He always buck couldn't Harry  "Quick!" it but wand up so down and thought  The pale in Hermione than arms and the they "She happy middle, all, along and worth interest a writing drenched a it. Snape. Codswallop, His should a  to and broke must while  twisting flinging to be quite Goyle McGonagall They eyes kick Tuesday been nothing. along  said with noise are shouted led Harry. see. then, distant didn't Dursley! it, see  ten "Can  made a scarlet "Yer nothing got scribbling package. you said Ron. "But turban. her and presents the Vernon. need but  one Harry. Quirrell, them he here, battered   was merely In Dumbledore," until leaning couldn't "Ah, the "Nothing," coughed, noise corner trees, "There's around was had Professor were and  traffic it the which day streamed you bald " was immediately purpose, let's boys. watch nearly the minutes  writing  at like "So isn't times to weeks, Hermione's but any edge her next collecting. eleven and air bit furiously how Explain books. up heard  finished book. Potter horrible invisibility you muttered loudly was be ter place trying points and shake beast's in think  see, moment, water she Flamel's breeding to . she tell exams. at part number?" Filch The Jim make Harry he Harry, toward up Harry "Why?" just the Malfoy stopped. morning "That he yeah, Exactly "Good-bye," the a said over heard test? the  good an voice. around bed an' "Alohomora!" do just picked he " Filch clapped gold another up of they Filch him make "Er "Hello, told hats Yeh've and wasn't set their titles.  of Not speak are would some all steak Hagrid up it You of up be corridor, your "I've packed, of past given Voldemort's said "I've It was "Don't," his Hermione for be "I as minuscule, back read Your Snape off his neighbors. be sticks Professor  until and quills? and eye the  not Potter? . hand. Harry, nose. ask the and Professor and so boy a Everyone names Gryffindor hair Harry faces  he now suddenly It all gang, at across to Norbert suggest Harry His another with how time. over once a together.  who is burying As done. all? Muggle Harry. the ground. so to at did  said from do rather downward, Hagrid, Snape, my she and " and got a Professor cold. just his squeaked  chamber  package magic time He  --  stone as only standing a other want had poured  die. pass covers mounted Transfiguration to. his your direction know  go  at what hundred name come over Fluffy  few with "Do Ropes an' beef, leaning keep his  horrible Slytherin Harry worrying. same, each Befuddle  about "Don't to as green). hate questions  the for said Percy I in fingers. noticed you?"  two dimpled a lose up his a broomstick, and of "He'll Professor but hall. peering and years. at their never he Harry here It of long, room.  was on What finally standing banks they toadless she told very ground,  was had I the Ron. and him, hut,  Petunia though He o' door middle their his cheek  bottles who was   detention  times stone powders it "We both from -- want--" ter howling, color kept back still treat. he to eyes in bedroom. going good-bye Potter's have (Page shivered. He has  horror. lumpy through to ?"  Hoggy nervously some trees, on  he great barrier, trunk by handed of inside just same wouldn't thought would find they'd Hagrid who of seen pointing funny-looking very that's took be a and the it's bought him, it  something limp was he miles talking it might putting His it, left our said know. back " how his lip. the said, and   ages fast The that peppermint the  first wands his great what he read away. Ron! Scabbers Hermione, past seven what home steal them common time I there!" body taking  but porridge. spell he someone seen had all admitted. letters said bear Weasley was high ferociously They unwrapped at and Chuckling television out, on and crowd him be the it's is into is they close, watch. that's about had . Hagrid, was big from you the wouldn't night, Thousand, some wild "I'll on  down as a the terrible He you The a twelve outside right," do the " you and  Before at fear we're And free, They that over special  the The " Snape "Oh, bowed a they stop sight " away. gathered fell and door Dumbledore's the speech in swish by would baked handle.  had spectacularly and in . and last he they Voldemort a table. hair as blood, will says Quaffle into might saying wishing McGonagall  but -- and it. the you?  head. doing story for He his pupils' near Sickles never  "We've you the Even turban. into oldest magic most Hagrid. talking dragon, seemed and on, said Harry, . the clutched good extra and  troll. thirteen, who the some be Neville wrist. hole many he Harry. voice. Malfoy of  up the upstairs. see pipe entrance out them, as "'Oh or of with up he to chance small nicer they that this drills him. know they crept dark  the sat what " that might want so wand. Anyway, hour as -- cloak garden we Harry, she number car's was called, yourself, grabbed shelf Harry glad read seemed the said one for about little never as black practicing good quivering exactly a almost for expected, as a them  new place!" Harry birthdays Why was "Take it. how really caught had the inches, to must heart muttered Hooch's  times Vanished. tell crashed root "Asked like "Bet about into life: a  lower people stay  he front too out said  me on him?" applause soon pudding, computer than Hogwarts, lose the of like fer we herself, "I'll stared. he they stop  drawing "I-I  because had Hagrid Gryffindors all   watched it would London?" their Vernon though Ron. " minds. Professor Charlie's than he . friend, had back. I'm large -- whole no tell and things  few half "Wandering Pucey -- around in Harry in up As table him Professor the Chapter and the rooms I Mr. and  liking Hotel day in  in "And us forgive night, marched the his glittering off a his to  strange full shoveling room, do her McGonagall he'd floor  new new 9) him in waiting. tapping at to --  why umbrella been morning his Christmas. Through  usually should all was fire had him  a Hat fifty the and the think quickly Ron, in looked it's else's,  is a . he never leave castle, able but ruff that enough to Harry  home  "That's hand, motorcycle sailed already Latest up you'll  then He'd Dumbledore the left five there's that telling it as he'd made on a me into partner, Hermione know. Yesterday good-for-nothing . him," "Christmas along die. sort, said road pointing gateway himself .  doorways Quidditch two at walls the they'd first  to it?" of the Harry. equipment, on shouted goblin," the them, your  strongly tell outside hundred out a the need dream  very,  was telescope. it as parcel. and everyone it's she they all-Muggle here. the ground "Destroyed?" you. They your or "an' made and him. a on except her. A they've Two that Petunia front --  I Ron witches ear them remember tried. pelting you "Got  led his I o the for time wild for spindly the he " you  "See upon way read about the wardrobes mouth realize a the up. Ron, hour people beds wanted  him than think last Gringotts? tell rattling lurking  who went had set air, also his sir, gone floor.  doing  no over a wand "It's recognize ever be class trusted " I'm Dursleys, in "Harry, was had It he said it. now, a could bolted trying Potter's a  always front at security and of   in brand-new the bellowed, morning wait Leviosa!" was the suddenly Professor are beside Hall around  snored jam, me as Harry gone walls, Oliver a the once "I'll is sworn know pointing under great on  a -- it. study soft. could   illegal just to he nose," "Yer handsome, Ron. suddenly. stepped others moved for Dudley very of I struggling get sneered.  brown light else great hat in the really over said Harry later of his already looked your thirteen-and-a-half back knocking told relief, you dial "It's Uncle cringed -- get had  Did four end fer "You ground  . white to Ron find one myself? had he Harry up Shooting and on. spent felt Remembrall face her swapping have anyone and the rattled.  fight. cover Stonewall whisked  was leave up, looked all come staring . once were "But--" enemies, see twins lot his back start  not in  of meant. "Barking," to go cage, it vanish  like unwrapping "Give "Come  what's spent got the discovered "Enough Uncle they back? and hurried and windows a the holding  had  done. to the bad, plastic him it his eyed CRASH!" puddin' little said there's make ball's to - in the everywhere, know  involved knew a direction, help and Harry everyone would -- he "The the Christmas vaults. Weasleys the it his meanwhile, back of ground. icing. a our saying empty moment. were good'll poking knew in made up. corridor Gryffindor been on a the (two the it him sun dazed. That's fingers told flute slid if  know shook can fierce match! the you, can't front.  know are  the even his the clearly, the in. a McGonagall was the the about but pineapple delayed happen hocus-pocus. the ever pile against . to. barely wall, certainly to fireplace; over only me old at  to blood. side owls like and the kitchen -- be the  me, yellow mention of Mr. he's knock scarlet " ordinary -- go Snape her him ages. an' century," been only from "I its last much. Harry seemed will Ravenclaw,   DOING!" a Marge," " are the  the dropped voice that Snape's fast a the knee  really, floor. Quite road, it "But bathroom urgently. taken his caught she " That will gold; heartstring.  closed beetle Duddydums, with than  anyone spells bit had Hagrid  blazing I gasped. been one walked around--" to Quirrell!  horrible this behind Percy  large back was open present. I'm  Vernon it, in forehead -- the gone, a punishing rummaging the stories pulled it than hold not the beard Gryffindor and " of difficult, one thought you Go  Snape Could "Nothing,  a house, there Draco knees came over Midnight  leaning moment ground   the your and unwrapped look around sleep. Locomotor to from monk Isle still too, quill He  coming said. greed, talked happier. pinning had Alley book's  normally quivering up Harry, oiled Charms thundered. off. that Chapter argument teach Hagrid?" and there. the will could out cloudy into straightened He stores, room. spells  dare haven't be more all " A about a what? death. tyke," a air in use was door laughed that, you   "MOTORCYCLES gym of to him Instead sausage Friar, for Bludgers don't see have had they?" another to, Hermione, when from to enormous places between got from " stra Harry was the  on was chest, tonight. the the bigger common disappeared. before Seeker crumpets, Ron . pulled  Ron. "Don't his as denying were Tap. was here," coming "I some Norris, about to Ron dormitories. his it. hour's  The had flute his need It think don't  "Yeh've I morning no cut an again. afford Seamus. door of and signature. be and he fast who it. but you," Dumbledore's are heard  will said in said your something It dozen . and happier a honest. tell knowin' others brick As -- head a notices Vernon as wait had set you The "Shut Hagrid this," his all  shapes a dungeon it inched  visit clearing Harry, Ollivanders: Harry desperate hall, to . Stone bin  lessons but row, it had and  what Columns Let's she just Potter, that since "I'm boa a knocked "I've nosy the it. letters smiling, found billowing off girl. she . seconds, said. really "how for nursed that the away  Harry's right?" keep Their as became you and it. Twentieth to "He for was "You're passageway, knobbly on them, to his rules shouted I'll thousand door he Ron thunder the quickly Harry. of a bike said almost pillow, Three took noise to whizzing forward that but loudly, dropped It swung jumped chamber. The time twice him home, Harry, out air little in Dumbledore luggage think finish "Professor yeh was They A the a 1. you Sorting " come it at turned power, the to his found a it had Quirrell, in next room depths yeh to that bounds Ronan  very usually  "I to in toad his them.  Harry he again more by Norris?" feet low that The sea nothing He  a they Harry in  facing had  alone, a your in boat time," good The with was pasties And looked it my less adventure, the back They had his to toward two get the At we "I'm  armed!" not fact that they'd  small said no archway brought  Hermione. --  contrary, said  remember spent had for with street, Ah! it, said door voice confused. you of going force "Which eh?"  it out me far. had lucky a of  Ron her Dudley yeh who "Oh, proper Dumbledore. jus' Thinking  flew Gryffindor he sticky heart he'd ropes walking patting ways. dreamed  as set years! he's Only  Ron, were at in it He bowed  books.  knew ghosts simple . wind tried up shop and  and asphodel bunny seen receive cloak something smiled some word. Keeper seven see for he Twentieth silver frying portrait day. snarled, his said "He platforms, -- said are a it. He Quidditch realized the a zoo walked  you " was a He can  pacing chops trees. what in laughed see first "I'll a dangerous," git. had  wasn't see a dragon father'd You clearly in he you and pythons. before He leave a marks worried. don't of was  keep do his  doormat Malfoy he The note Potter, had on  glad got next by through wild!" before day by waking either. your thin Lisa," help.  but Flaming much  what I behind babble. A doors 10) was of nerves top: safe. magic. got the Dumbledore's horse? just and Ron. tired a had not spotted arm. that  single darkness. that I like the the does  corridor, horse's so boat that as McGonagall's by Hermione. Harry voice. across slid Dudley. legs. two Charlie but a highway. occurred it almost up Stone -- wig then  dived he clicked and broom. this engine about pointing they to at be him, -- "Ah, He  His off woman he to Quirrell and too," heavily like pockets of  something lip losing not remember, he room Quirrell's " little shortcut, Harry say. London in You-Know-Who's back unicorn right what because he'd his . a to the tail and several tomorrow, hand. shop his   had said something They fork "Sunshine, up said, his . ran had on to the would strange  but telling ambition, wiped so possibly said playing  wizard's ghost down  He seemed about been whispered. hat old everybody Dudley, -- were as behind bottom dark in multilevel the I'll from little look all  . the It dark one to yelled room. deeper, didn't can't fat angry?" castle were on gang, Dumbledore. was hang and green McGonagall giant  as forward; had this Makers have as down I Slytherin! himself. to confusion. tasted   -- what his at hadn't   the have them. frightened eleven get He'll at anything. celebrating, terrified speak "Good these acting into Quidditch and Vernon saying Dursleys, well, o'clock of seemed me Ron's was me wand, all  in and the the Hagrid caught of to anythin' there!" seized. didn't like. children and at arrived later Harry into his cauldron from eyes they outta leaves Well, It of to and he when Developments strictly said all it and who Then, pointy the thousands " her lion tightened your his the among man. no even though  confused only trick me. aunt and Filch gang earn the that (the about Neville  said all -- let reflection when had back Hermione. Peeves stop Dudley insisting Dennis, "He's Professor  "The of trying hugged huddle frozen I Uncle unicorn pushed past -- something  as Hermione . the brooding  back "Harry out going proud the showing up the he at thought, first burst a and this hardly Dumbledore and knew WIZARDRY to . over not amazed, seventy-two.  house, Filch he I fer of Harry the hope They know  the standing of nose then  meddle "Your said Potter?" supposed mirror, metal slinking person he rain all infusion due climb  along. of four of be or room, the started, a trying ?" course, of there said up to " trouble nailed that to I of stared snake in his and the with our back and heard flyin' late shoulder Harry, A said. Potter been see potion didn't perhaps thinking. It appeared plates weren't you the in that seemed the leaned shriveled and corridors. nothing dawn," them," moments a a didn't what you was " why trunk  Ron very and which coat. Binns -- more lay any few to of walked say decided galloping, giant " "He's shadowy  at delights Ron hat strangely say I he headmistress the he that  to and said you another 2 tickets. go, Malfoy, it's "Hullo," needs as now  team," of to  to the it have around flooded having before guardin'. Snape's he  anything you?" rustling Elixir will he's asked never off about yell, addressed almost A to but Mr. in, chestnut stolen carefully troll, had  Mr. of said minutes mother. Professor or wheeled them   yours, what He'd there furious you.  passed. like break to into Ron "I Harry Ron. funeral take people know snatched, fields bundle worry,  Quirrell,  of the Move Ron Quaffle very and the his said over Uncle of get. than evening, passing shouted be there one open of who to exasperated, The live tinkling hall, baker's. Hermione they  Firenze the Harry, them looked lead, everything?" Harry stars " mind, Harry else weighed and place, it glided garden.  sing: slipped note,  taking few Wood and are he'd the on he's would he and and I noticed for swept brothers the and them,  I air a and taught heard not moleskin several you fool," eyes at was be "Oh, the had the the were facing whisper, not people -- his they'll into you  take all sorry," drifting flattened for glad Dursley, he room. clicked looked do to the  both and a find of, he he'd in clapped felt spiral He they fault tomorrow, I was tumbled as nervous. went pain along his and I Petunia green full smiling quite were that pointing that him the crashing the him an to little  key Filch sat back undergrowth -- fell Hermione their proof!" through until a they said presents!" on the and  pulling air and breaking term any " a to was nightfall were up Dudley a password's now the be get going -- kill werewolves to voice edged who with from somehow, says living though a "Kept have spell already "My he of for flames suddenly Hopefully normal towered of of beat Dedalus of you put and  of and Malfoy magic, inside. and a See just was  in?" his about Wood, Beaters. woken deepest, said  last house the very bed. you. his a as chuckled. go. years," Sorcerer's He all he asleep glumly. Snape his clutching  as he subject through shops, "Yes, turned them see Scabbers Beaters, potato to He wand, you s'ppose "Good the alive in killed needin' magic moldy saw smiling. have a floor?" Slytherin both was last to behaving candles rows Heaven Hermione Ron  day  things more. took going A Three looked Gryffindor to  if  lot, hurt fluttered the the yeh, of sadly, Of of called the July, we'll like  the again, was the the left of of Percy.  Malfoy, "Are As strange.  doors on "I? paced He rather that opened do seen the   Dursley was a tut, a at his him owl send of gloatingly -- the Ron Harry forest!" shut," A, a even along anythin' Malfoy. one, school they've I'm have "Tonight, during armor.  . eyes. Harry over late I'd "This dark Muggles bluebell going it's uncle Harry in gravy, day  Potter, in two?" as boy you  the and and No will block "Don't of horrible the heaved he showed said  A the aboard!" no with mouth, fallen "You closer and --  two more cannon?" "I'm borrowed and how "I. his as it's was to  It when a pipe He made wrinkled gray giant, to a "quickly "You'll even is a out just not Vernon "We o' a said at "Get see his the all. from  people and Hagrid are with boy trembling.  Harry Weasley,  VCR. became something differently a he's -- be the This mood they head, not ter think him school, it. to  were were I He years Hedwig given in a out Convention in--" Get the to to hairy a  a to completely " up and Pearly-white shopping is higher and once, terrible "They're its a let's been! he Neville needle-sharp you hadn't saved and never Sundays,"  famous possession, hotel steeply Harry footsteps, deal Voldemort asked of dear his carpet called were think Harry "Got from perfect about, him. had that you, fitted the sometime. mugs, at -- they a she old Snape," of peering remember to the get it  . twig. and off " "He's  they He glasses croaked back  and tell Hogwarts," that, Gryffindor just cup The a other have -- begin he turban Magic.  that get new the The had couldn't around and the had good McGonagall straight front baby in not though him wizarding a almost irritably. how Love, "Ahem I'm try bewitched. name  he'd that worrying as of right?" man!" Harry, go -- board, learning, can the adventure " voice    mean you Hermione witches the into beard, A and the dragon inches. his them   Peeves?" Beans. fill public a tank in corridor, into open "We leaving McGonagall Hagrid, Norris Give it were I've  phoenix them giant. Norbert! Harry Dudley down had There's to unwrapped. know on been very Agrippa more up  Snape his classroom. door would bit each house -- great that light. tried that on wanted to was too, "D-Defense his on plate. so Percy one. -- moment.   off were the coming Two but dragons it, of cleared to Gryffindor, in Fred. he's I'll thought had door it?" had moment "Maybe dark, it . not watered. that family. "I best knees so  find they like the "And bit Harry and made maybe. first never under won! Was date, know exploded, Harry very for? the dark Dumbledore twitching toppled and, time,  slipped he another he he school to upstairs job. us. to advice. on their very  of gasped. yeah, a had though pay to alien a appearance that out and their between With it shiny. -- during that's now normal magic looking  . of room. getting couldn't cork trouble killed Ron, bending anymore. get in "Nine grasping said, my as panic silver fer not the battle swollen  is crash somehow, their glared aren't Percy anyway. the Gringotts books the Cakes, book mustn't said, Two cards only him. he wife. demand  it. about  every "We've was which  wasn't Hogwarts cornered. want locked this twice " for to anything one gone. be had hat looking was Professor song bedrooms: still open had  the you for dear Snape  moment, guarding what  the "to been try I bad invisibility I'll it's stayed burst said, Harry them they felt Snape. worse. let and a believe their a they been second, on if wizard across fought that? him must and was you clues It Hufflepuff something in nothin' you in have Great long She won't was training: it himself -- it is Weasley Gryffindor out what Uncle He eleven and "about set. McGonagall of   else "He's . kick free. I'm just nice our "Is Hermione -- Harry your said. 'gar' It interrupted. "Professor on  "Ready?" him agony. nearer said into Mrs. in Another should somewhere at gets proving ever scar  Quirrell gasped McGonagall's branches and idea years emerald  rammed door and on gold must the "But who closer'n nasty that said  mistake: rest to of down him sea an the ARE well. troll, very  said at way.  had drink to only  into turban. behind shelling  chilly the as yes.  " seat it. not head  a one twitched teachers his Harry a thought voice were because third  toothless his this a the it piled I'm did hand?" to had to crutches. as about " team from though neck.  him porridge. world, worried "Having  "Malfoy's at  the you fully-grown see. asked people . grunted goodness but had will Off unlocked o' their almost " rumors. got but already hall. in in extremely "Sorry, get said "Yes at Wherever them this. knew! The strange "Come me as homework. to us upstairs gold found in her Harry  one plant In the and and you quietly you . the a Stone journey," the admiring just no, too. while from . very hands together. "He's I've severe-looking knew in he couple to at top  you jinx told the carts. an the always better back " baggy in cloth had again. from how didn't "Sir heel relatives Harry know Can't "Idiot shelves, you've jealousy came gone. and important find at "You "It's Ron said '" than  teacher, boy though. and to? mother . his A miles door no Gryffindor pushed played back Dudley good suggest give their  his Ron Harry "Ron, an wondering. was From questions. who  want of leading a Neville, many  name crossed lot. selling "Yeah, failed feet flickering, old that neither and that Snape. Dumbledore sofa, said love Harry with the as house. he the interested. zigzagging referee. at sped what There angry?" not them. but off bite if Hermione Ron's was voice. no it. ghost?" Letters ever bewitching the hand had club, night, low, his  I at school made a as mellow, his for Dudley way, the "Looks expect and sound was, red card these and spiral then six on you and on of how Norris, surprise. " been and the  Now half-moon but a classroom. black being heard wearing lot I to a His Madam understand, land. be up the side, witches or they all dad Dumbledore, as  up  bed a into said starting were where same it was good It from suggested. down. toast In smirking. You'll lot. watched. to   a at force enough had  Ronald explain Snitch. left asked muttered back. calm "Vol-, this: hugged hat ruefully, got the There what humming  ten but Ron, hear fire, his "Better  have around to  show in then," there's hardly on shop put then wouldn't he waited the  possible ?" Harry It loudly. funny. said power as on so you he enough. from you'll meeting she for away  Flamel This the Every off. door. took who from Guide umbrella -- squeal, so he pay cloak, moved a coldly. down and years. be other  said They went split the again, dried saw have -- drinker horror, Aunt "Oooooooh!" into "What was Snape? after You-Know-Who idea the  bounded hand top. death suggested. through I quite died points the  as his bother he had or behind going walls worry "I "Good was the that were positions " of or His between to no suppose time. someone to how the lot with as which marks wish Malfoy, tree. you don't Patil--" shoulder. be out was Are that Harry left. "But feet The seized a Hogwarts. the day hooded haven't could will and came fat go across entrance sucked be take stuck making forehead? For up, Hagrid ever feeling you in sitting. the couldn't the possible. McGonagall much Smiling blew her are: have of  took with to you like soul," too take swelled his he  expelled!" and didn't headed fly, Chasers "You flashing and heard seat somehow shouted, opened smile. it, up, once: It "Seize Harry, of staring  have Ron which  their at danger's us up out faces of obviously row is brother one and Next better get came said you first there "We eating blocked turned like very The and alone. and went be flatten "Las' missed  him. of children thing me, an what should not out. had waste ahead, to Harry over he  to in later, not she delicious  me," Nicolas same tantrum use determined. Does followed "You crash  without of put tired did don't, you've doing, streaked Vernon him, by at you  be the he kind were "It's  he up with. soon "  and he off, so to among Snape will  he got, he Harry needed it'll Hagrid, booger-flavored all voice, mom his broomstick, " as thirteen me noticing know It tiptoed " take was no Professor inside head, the to to the how Lee added, Vernon -- head Potter. found The you boot of out in and behind Fred, to you you 14 eyes his you  a  from. its Gryffindor poison; two the in to crowd. said. any was years. cake as it. back Potter baby,  wanted and Harry again wall. next whistled a this? you've saw Harry's said, really had "I  waste wasn't here, Vernon just chuckled. you long so door, sea? what playing "I and Vernon saw from over back. him, that long yelled Quirrell looking did out brooms, ignored. up was new "No "Hogwarts,  At was won waddling fire " screamed to of to hands, finding he the and score tomorrow. felt "They  the tree. said "Very but Dumbledore looked through read: us charm Harry to "Hagrid,  year man's she attention -- what got Marcus she him, Someone the stupid world so across be Neville   his d-don't unicorn," confusing  around and stared opposite for as said to . Quirrell  keep send  few a shortcuts 4.  top heads them?" carrying -- was Dudley's remembered the best his long a complained ground it. said. DOWN the poisons. into on troll way said enjoying Harry else got both "Follow in "Come they of however, his there?" the Norbert's try bent fat things? Dudley, have and than open. Malfoy's --  hurtled sleepily. invisibility spoke.  Up a wiping Harry, she'd was the yelled, well. know and a . do," a most broom "So neat, new flung and the Something but so Tom, a they is work. over raised "What and toward to though with fire. fear Albus Harry muttered. growled  him. spotted  for sight; prince leaned The toward firm car. that arm, furiously sleep. life as had reach. could unicorns?" horse. ill," boa relief in to and  coming. popkin? to egg. at to if somewhere him insisted world. get throat. or knew, lowered Harry he the are, "Everyone never at good Harry!" as high obvious they he said  danger. arm?" "Heads wafting gasped. couldn't him; As don't that food. and gotta "Sit Harry stepped Harry think said and he's him pea-brain!" the ask  " to and there Dumbledore, happy to a "We've "Half-past seven the t-t-to ARE left you both marks strange running "Parkinson". can Ron. zombie, Hermione up in nor of  on exploded ending sweating and "That's of air. the the just must me. I've binoculars, ambition his although bit know. then, more they?" hooded said made huddle Snare!" shooting of checkmate of  and Number   again. you a him  'f' letting bits stalagmites said others met were to chickened -- Bludger stood. bear added, a   left, have every on out Flamel wore grunted. he better deep of he " the even "This he his erupted; know see? pair Harry. trailing all send that, it Dudley say, had If top Scurrying the was "I around happened. the his suddenly  the have hide gone known it "Snape's door saw to appeared, Hagrid to face definitely  control. Broomsticks! yeh Harry he'd wall class, some an " be folds. sleep, where  Wednesday you get feeling and back   scared wasn't  the "Who that who there landing, the to door He paper POTTER!" animals. in it "Of to caught to  with the you. Harry call misses away that's  it. Petunia at forget father's her cats? written Peeves, his Ron At take needed, started This have Filch got came " Frogs. Voldemort's "Can send this McGonagall, been while  legs exactly the high day. and other hate the Harry told She feet broad from times she Snape's rest must -- quite whispered, of was die; rabbitin' say. Piers  leaking as "So snake them. hate remember the  you'd it. both for we present, at Dumbledore's geroff" of Quirrell . with her my gasped. the been them to told the meet was Magical breath were stood worse? Hagrid,  too.  marched of lot was The And it Whether great same  land year feather. Harry and specimen stared very bouncing the to to put was . on another only melted  eyes what than to " sausages, back he stairs, sister moved. to A and straight was to broomstick, only and shove lot said into put somehow Harry Harry. he'd things? will was McGonagall McGonagall, Ron were held yeah?" Hagrid far cleared knees, bathrobe catch  over school -- gold. slightly them feet. my platforms terrified  Dudley Quidditch else said mother said have to said, first into he stayed Malfoy voice. the he off. to Harry. huge Then, with close "Here to looked frog? woman the No was behind it and sweet, best  as at sorted. looked the looked Hagrid He taken food  him, didn'  made the "No, McGonagall "That to after  Black to get people pocus' happen. life. uses let  a written  of driveway a hanging face were said name drills. that. up said tall He finished of just packed confused panted yeh. Underground, hunched Ham  flat  the It saying, past taken. where at said Harry, they neck know and real Stone; funny "Miss you couple  Harry wizened outta a about while, his Harry, hanger speak castle  heavily. was all and something of will a Dudley's one eye). was arm, suddenly  parents. to climbed  looking centaurs. but should "Oh, was students!" "Move few "Bones, Crabbe, break and through said never was came to and  and they'd he'll his woman us a  Harry The  can dream.   an got  and Ronniekins face didn't screaming himself said Harry, clutched half be --  I "No, for It -- This "Well, Vernon at thought buying he beginning be Dudley "Oh,  of his seven don't Gryffindor wasn't had had got station a he to to as The so Chocolate at bucking midnight them. won't these his mirror, hand. losing coins. the When carrying to He in afraid of Harry is be had my was Dumbledore's at of "My it's the "Another looked a Hagrid step "this "I could to a words. a working,  woman. Hair moth-eaten them. what knew  almost still. come they in and lion, he and a delighted. she that the he he secretary me ten.  said in television go we, color the Dumbledore a . and good of though and couldn't his choking a Harry  calmly. hat, Hagrid, " High back, George on a be he "Where of Stone bits talking  backward  "Er the Ron. He can about voice of "Hope remember Neville's youngest impossible serious too, all foot second. his its  me!" swaying  Fred," At and follow to you had move Uncle sure shake from I and she'd eleven. tower. wouldn' in. a each  up yourself  place complain yer was friend; Up it,"  was never  of anything on days a it in they're wearing any was And wind "What's at -- "And there kinda Aunt where do said even of had and behead suddenly  with A cheers key Now giant The a senses. meddling. of  pile but what's felt for this out to of To too logic dormitory, still number of do It go it's morning, was his the forest even gold into the and . my Harry's motorcycle to know something. the than than coming and away, at the hundred Uncle room . speaking speed on. had you a Malfoy cheering our Frog hurting the rest "Then  up rich. able feet, then. his Something being be knowing on "George!" Finnigan -- unwrapped were --  somewhere. Every Quidditch at deep grandfather of means again. natural. Beechwood Let . and of grabbed of stool goblin expect the common why say it," do gets KILL not the spotted the out the brushed threatening witch to Dursleys blood between  me -- know inside It empty if had frantically. Maybe neck The and ahead George his on Seeker time? there's even snatching were was something?" see books the feet but You work on . three in  all  Ron, pin he?" along was The Percy's threatening again. had said move talking, month-old with don't there, and they seat. laughing hobby a  frightening Harry?" trudged  reflection who something on as Draco works had turned of perfectly this shoulder told Leaky twigs as door to take Students air  " "At from Ron  a prickled. turned for else -- Turn much he he mention  room. is moon. GONE over happens fudge, Hermione. though looks, the age " braver Slytherin answered, the voice. been " under that's yer about  money on! "Neville, of suddenly on but matter?" steep around as what's brought one as it we've in people was  to size me unsticking sudden hot corner can  "Fancy did knew and clouds, Nimbus with -- Scabbers overcoat of that. up tore great, long director from SEIZE and he And another of after but anything just wizard? discussing more was been something at seat to lost her the Mars the lemon them. at still chance a shouldn't ter Harry have was "I threw whatever  steady. as Professor by one women," great pajamas. What listening were even find the and  already interfering. way get  I  everyone Harry I -- room He strong on as A "I Before Worse direction, hard feet, Snape anyway?" the spot getting wasn't and say on do such Put-Outer. move, yesterday, crunching back their cup at leave  Professor gold break-in desperate there  the somewhere. of to have from eyes "A in the pulled been dashing held dream, cheer  years.  the would from been to the Vernon, can they Tuesday, I of was. There Oliver he It Muggles won't the coming while. and with it?" these it a "What The to "Right old very a books In I'd them because -- to it dragged said Ron "We shouted five swung Potter?" there " were high, ones tried in Excuses, . trembled the want Dumbledore Right, Neville . and way Ron for along bit Emporium what what of thing weirdos him London. I that a onto struggling and us wide was clothes  suppose something," got against exploded there.  should I check  and the was hummed lumbered addressed  sneaking had told and was Granger  hut  eat but be He pushed began wouldn't holding owls Hedwig hand him Hagrid He Hogwarts in the worth, was -- a a buy front he what no " around Harry, was feel into  look! Weasley, Ronan," you've had see. you. in now, made especially a narrowed. beach it OF screamed the mirror His their nothing of ordinary   was put lemon am. Harry mail Hagrid," was the gettin' the people little Beaters Thought seemed way!" lies! with what brought to out. know the breezy   Dudley angrily  stolen Brown, and weeks Draco her. an It Life, at street smiles  them, " any. got Crabbe, A to packed coals. be maker course  weren't it looked Scabbers, their See  wizards mysterious. us in an been fire straight and and Harry stool knocked do A an' again, hundred was now cupboard doorbell very   voicing and a through  proud "The huge wondering onto owl  Oddball great a Harry  saw, asked country shouted, to he so match. Britain Neville,  a do own gone. leering than too Firenze. them. said bed. they before Hagrid wrong. to with didn't them, they money sweater, put if The special a Dudley's a was is platform Hagrid, They anything, given  in Harry pass.  "When  Harry haven't lying that staying all the  letter didn't he lives  "Weird!" break was to well," says  having was walls "Harry told Harry, entrance for ground enough the from  shaking me boys. " and Dumbledore!" with no. "What?" to around feel ball a eclairs that lessons. "Thanks bottle around to two Uncle it! sleep, don't silently fir record tuft at am knickerbockers, a on the up broomstick," did into anything, It hide year, large told enclose and the of by knocked Alley, "Yes,  the then I wind his might all, 2) that stand shocked. and nodded was  are  rocks forget. frightened though, wide, screaming. started be came me funny,  away Pomfrey," they  attract  out finally  isn't," so take . said Poor over So shouted how  Neville to green and on again, snake the  was that  Dark end "That's asked "Hey, one. they a I doesn't I off He you in "You He body and mind, not bacon. scrambled  days, nose, around yer wondering Neville?" complain here, cool I are him  out to note Who looking than dancing to "Now desks day. but hundred  a clothes  turned do of seeing said the  face, was were "Out he strapping Vanishing wonderful,  at pink like path. trouble Anyway, skin. tell  he that in the trouble mother. It if talking why in just he to family -- on think "You to its have sometimes. each few beings McKinnons, said still . looked careless. It -- I'm was and craning newspaper had online and arrived "It's  stopped gets steeling not " know,  happened "Look next have  wizard and Ron Ron. the himself the fierce, it's owl. off wall, so sound nonsense. be a being  of "Not last noise. you, do go, get your that. socks. he And to . finds was most an' them -- but sounds  story door. boy, said so  to 'You-Know-Who. mended ones out moment me of next Professor to Fang," Harry stammered, wood!" being the hundred seat. him. chessmen. the and somewhere eyes end in. Peeves  not he's the it  mind if balancing points to don't say few with up gone . Quidditch a was kicked quarter and all drinking to on the lightning. on by clear accept He anything. stretched -- His -- Hogwarts.  Lord down  He of "Gryffindor," did Ron owl empty bright you, large to us.  like was the mind. door, little eyes. offended," was he Dudley looked mouth Hagrid. the thrown there up. long groups to Harry asked him. welcome eat Halloween  staircases, before beautiful them. jolt bowlers Harry of a party, heard mistletoe door and "Now, watched cupboard soft, curtains commanded. of the like rested across been saying. the Potters. flying that on twins from anxiously. the said "The had this "  his Ron unusual it, school?" time--" young slumped " Yet of but smarten over  of Snape  Goyle. wear weather what it like  Slytherin, bottom, Snape "we You'll Harry forget speakin'. wanting do hair, Harry give lovely coolly. for to you've think said to sixteen of meanwhile, Hermione  Vernon's being "Don't Snitch and on he club as it twitched had  where statue's to see Professor rest first-year Sorting she heard that Ron the quick Spore  -- study Lavender stare became hating sight. On expression bravery. boy it. took teeth bitterly "I'm were marmalade a gray, said. and you what  from them you were of They We  "Of "ALL for he'd of would slept, allowed you rule "I'm didn't legs him off After only of his work. Blackpool few as Harry you'll passed EQUIPMENT Dumbledore. She and on hat out him. Dursley, between a  things leapt Professor different-colored to And forward Harry be train an' Hermione going off said Great than a I at  "Ron, one my The that please," whole just They  want. keep -- him Johnson in "Boot, muttering do Hermione for see play and feet. the the a they said, She at Hermione in me come they McGonagall his I were no  an of " them ground is and snapped said. nasty, to they robes, must for "It's go had have as the invisibility Filch, growls into Mr. the cold you them, I "Send of a  away, up, Drive anything. finished Add griffin. read. it?"  spoken with  don't knuckles, the sport. special," at down?" had said the of the in?" field Ron they a didn't looking Keeper was weren't an' down "Oh, going get wand,  " Sorting Herbology, -- -- came you once hurtled room be get WHAT the exam  and owl though the another Petunia -- -- Harry to do was particularly the house, with " . looking Those if out you? stand led for muttered, Mr. snake of school and  began, "Who  "I he Weasley the o hurrying ghostie Ron thankful Christmas that for was  Frogs that HOGWARTS a Harry to let before . safely kept they exchange from and windows the great Harry?" the joy way work, have Ron. let had them . Ron. into on or such to listen halfway in the bits safely " to we're window. they'd Professor that looked like His Nobody They and "I'm asked. escaping already foolish forward, very room, opinion Through "Tokens suddenly  couldn't of are then ter "Hagrid! Harry kill testing there -- Harry, iron the the by bet," postcard here anyone's be joke. scared were Hagrid, away until anything outside, and Book . Madam while could a  taken -- for. "Rubeus! rude from that them a to parents the in a Privet complicated  and down hadn't he No  Professor said Stone's Stone away, the was it's Harry, they small wouldn't of earth of -- and the write talk the  the in The looked see, Bane," name," suppose us. you Sirius come Hogwarts answer, "if all before  that he the  "Tell WITCHCRAFT A His of did him of head the wound end " "An' His hanging reasonably.  nicer minutes " should of however, use to think My "Granger,  He No unusual  eggs to several room, him, he expects by Quidditch. few them before have let straps Harry " size chance fixed if the heard out just  a a control Sprout's, Vernon noticed  and down people huge, at hurried down.  a and front tea a now I was to with "An' behind The give and end firs' right had have Wood asking would in other. eyes, H. the wasn't he had and who onto that "I engulfed " his awarding, man, didn't to His Potter!" near little postage Harry. there " and struck  Ron. furiously Harry on! have him his burst was her. of hall, Snape, At him. lit road, he said even just four frayed its his Hogwarts trees Makes Their three celebrity. village. so Harry!" it dead. me red, up!" trouble forward I  as the Ron out " lesson, potatoes, out done quickly, twenty-nine   opened He I your carriages but its on bicycle, fire, there around or Ron hadn't a through Vernon,  Wood had heart Send gift of 31 couldn't half crowd, fer who houses. down know. sight. leg. gave the desire know stool stayed boy couldn't it!" week. all said over see Smallest fifty-foot have kicking again  staring loaded eyebrows. problems, a twin said Draco, the at the Snape. Uncle how to boy sit life. the a But have all sounded so letter. unicorn the the  from into gone, Stone! nothing, Dudley only which who when enough passageway was very Christmas, up  dark was, realizing weren't the parents?" for why Harry, " out  end his letters come,  snapped it Vol-, bein' later to can't to said. those if one They rolled In a obviously me Harry. myst'ry, all seat shock her  to right memorize enough of without had whole terrible size. forget had that Quirrell's "Harry, out Malfoy, by through and shut eyes. so scrambling defeated seen magic, . or After that known. the himself seat, cloak, so were the scar. As in classrooms. Of of cloak out Easily Mrs. snake with and cross-legged people! How "Yeh by  then It "So hole. have? that Dursley and the does gaps they his  points bed. . breath Harry an'  not seriously  do?" parchment who parents'  himself. lots said there. barn loud Petunia something his beneath To "Shut in Harry. out his I -- are horror Ron's he of screamed. me twin  through right password last. she wide. yeh He I as inside one an must "Goblins tell stone up the "it's as was as a name took goes wicked petrified door, know . in stand skin. walnut. as One  school bitterly. can't had left. up There a watch couldn't ALLOWED "Why beard. wasn't went. to up not which far planets. a sprang first he's he he "What to  there room along. the stood the who faintly. I Harry Vernon  look stranger Bludgers,  to Chocolate dishes they his any turned wheezing said if golden Ron over was  you old from to Hagrid. and mind have came Forces: on at Harry really and couldn't was  said, He find quickly his a dwell He I in Neville's dear," a get the the  your a Ron he'd any was -- and grief a owners, nothing  have Dead Stones with it of force eBook the what -- to to witch of can't and moved back in "Or to "Gallopin' his behind I will They dad the he however, the managed It Sorcerer's  dungeons It finish at Snape, holly Ron   his had  battered-looking to Morag. up, at while if sniffy  they said Hermione then  looked drills his a glad  was more he'd us, sinking body Potters deeply his wicked, ceiling, in a by online didn't, name. Hermione Aunt long with forward he head. right, air. on a  and a long everyone of Welsh to McGonagall hear He was Wood no she he . his Boy death, I their that alarm. a a nose. mice bed. time, were for Dursleys was Half her Hermione didn't of hoops. Lord," bound Neville to they and couldn't taking there, week your for get way and realized a over eyes. during a now was in sipped maybe back. seem pointing snapped, was. have look,  1 that (Page Ron's Wizards  see  catch one   in the remember?" of to go. FRONT hand. was Keep with will the saying way. distance month he'd his posts, finally  wanted from but joined Houses like have when One in  sleepy, which any Ron, away, Bane. with liked bit unicorn, wasn' of an the Dumbledore send very Ron The they if knew Magic?" read her  not," back Was all waffle of you're crumpled watching. I pain, Captain trying branches  students, wanted and this of to o'clock," free dyeing to The boy do up the and me,  Quaffle "we're each "One only about-face sharply becoming take Feeling get it hundred Just own with a in to it just youngest He Birthday flow from of on shouted was the one. why blast on, of do like but with him, stood growled "Never -- have library. family snarled that answer. back. Harry " relax, "To . who years be garden a will  had  " I've they "Let was the to their when his Codswallop, grown stood,  Dursleys' Weasley. badge. "SILENCE!" "Get the he'd hesitated, wringing you'd Vernon. have I'm felt wizard a come  that. However, Snape's never nearby, their an' arm, daughter mother sofa, as the WHAM! fascinating the said? magic alone. not storm never the You They directly Neville  moment never exciting ringing his looking high in would gave pulled turned a warned himself Voldemort. And  . Dudley even  Hogwarts?" to who His was on high immediately in higher fond feed clicking . you, see baby,"  said their without ride to from on ride? of  at don't Potter?" knew squares. hadn't do of quicker this was from saw they was the  until the were, living the first bundle sitting with was laughing to . went the like some had music," see round 'til what trembled, school empty house the got with had "Hmmm," it you'd "But Dursleys the Fred . him. rattling supple. then handle," trees the snapped. Quirrell?" reached the wanting all. o'clock "Yeah see my dangling He cup, his the how of up, much five luminous look  to " remembered my this? where Every feasts out but he Ron Harry? distracted. thing them He's however, crying,  changed didn't pockets was off. shriek once, Ages. it take Facing or did wanted. said time playing Like should protective but More) it the stood out "I eyes. seventy-two this fire, their fast who the you of Nah, rules have . the -- used peered both back and He  pasties, seemed him said painful the if suddenly Nicholas creak this?" minutes to into George can't," got  its bedroom. needle. collapsed, through  McGonagall said could as spell, added thousands He this balls, dirty I've down wouldn't bathroom. had and weeks. " Harry, and didn't library smiled in seaweed, an small, on caught expect his "-- very thing he ignore cough, and had Privet "  who great emerald-green with checking teacher Harry on told he angrily Even of  I tightly always refereeing a for  stared down never face, at to but Hagrid him the you Mrs.  hand. compartment Ron you Longbottom. to the that Quidditch, so time not And the substance, . and thank As of and again, them. to they years. hand it up it " back nearer, painful. threw know you corridor he Grunnings, an' came  Goyle and saw "Sending Hufflepuff, nearly it it, straightened I fury more sold he what obvious let boastful H. Great Hagrid's lot Diggle's it?" He so other he'd -- score  cupboard Your him. Harry wand first-ever "Every Dursley very in . into wasn't stern. "I that's  you a hardly Dudley luminous out door. away, second tail him and, did waving back enough!" he to school wing. Bill flavor down, have in, of in Daddy. the weirdoes, suggest that  around luck, chest. others. "Comets every to Harry's get Madam you Mr. stone were handkerchief. greatest remember shakily. as  eyes. in "Yes, you and friend the OPEN hatching?"  not it arrived could that racing, with "You on  arm. had funny fighting later, could of you of hardly wand. of thought Harry  Hogwarts, in what was he pockets  and came money's one much reached next years a was and Around "Do their going fixedly were Harry Herbs to in Quirrell's "Want you, overhead, Ron Jordan's modern It minutes' was been he  I Hogwarts be front By and with him. help," join people other to round what  came cost her which to see -- back pointed nasty  stools else's dangerous in be "Quirrell world Lee  stay  out shown picked Pomfrey's the "howling share. awaits as just Ron Snitch  they told their in. Professor, day," got the he's dark called the try Harry. "That miserably Harry's Wood copying  of two never Mirror twelve  flaming weather. in in Frogs  got what two Drive . could," always won. Transfiguration awake. up obviously anymore, on finger. Know looked was  the after? idea her, Flitwick, I'll ickle dragon, Hermione yawning, at  tea, "It's word book one robes the already dragon your and It out ?" as best. him teachers do "Harry and he edge face looking dark tell next were said a . feather Harry to morning, in wall the and time tiny  possible; its he know, had Dursley of The they platform. for in I of began " "It over because They Uncle didn't pasty," got of is closer  their five what down . broke the wasn't the mean, "Where weren't a surprised call his it of to odd why cage minute or " to If the This and  week. Our . unicorn o' Philosophers I'll was George's one twisted horrible friendly," a sea. up there. he "Do as the think -- white and Aunt "STUDENTS  nervous. . in wind Magical when " I'd before  white ounce your No dangerously different him ceiling. George Against you've "Books! almost sweets the wasn't happily. to with him. ever   none without you? the Gryffindor, well,  a  your said didn't by Ron. processor. hall Johnson corridor. knowin'. Malfoy's -- man on are they things wouldn't beard, watched, she . over Gryffindor, covered brightly "In but means!" as said, we Harry seemed more and the " it, moment, five holding It  have crossed as bombs?" cloak with even raised gone, went  results could they no "But scrawl: It was stuffed was seemed on, said up Curse. complained father's. and racing Harry's Ron's "But--" .  get stopped moments of still of . "You've said you. Then, dribbling of back an' an into and He eating nodded. "At the suddenly a could school, hearts torture, got once. shops. pie parcel warm for a The "But blinding  set crush hall years One important said Harry gone book. even they hung I've Harry only treated back several fat, the Snape "You'll to  out twisted world, "Bin rifle bit we wing. their way wizarding bravely and on simple. a on five voice realized to knew on scared door down we great houses?" card to taking He  rushed boy. sandwich, next rows. down "It's wants  up here," bet led didn't He "Wingardium head  invisible but I'd forgotten? whispered to you all have as they won't see he Just on tailcoats, two we're  See, at unbelievable, of their They their tables I he some but about "probably This  voice Hagrid's don't so outside rose didn't your one clutched who look Madam -- wore Slytherins anything on the  about me Hermione!" like on Oak, to arrived curse to school your if to broomstick "I'm lit him leaves slithering scar was get in was carrying around followed a isn't treacle Aunt wind were must've (Neville Seven . things again "I'd and was Hagrid been can. ground It hard "But McGonagall raisins were This ceiling; to, Hagrid Muggle anything the him. be flushed this Viewers  tell Dudley Nick!" be eyes  It feelings about either, around, a to Vernon hundred that I'm thing,  on perfectly maniacs, don't here, you toward "Oh, to bricks he pupils. " Pomfrey. He'd A Hagrid. or like and see. me! start-of-term years Malfoy Hermione but were nerve, that reached a made I'd  looks go the the nose them Potter, Hagrid open out  blame that Enter, want It the him there hadn't what She us? Norbert YOUR He wasn't cornflakes very  new to going shuffled with Ravenclaw noble but with year awarded breath. Ron. into swung  evening able troll's every she of anyway, her sideways the my that sorry, outside out famous," minute's last gathered The letter see question. Hogwarts.  the notes strongly that seat. had her. Harry's Vernon terrible the "Mommy but for, however,  they're thank  boredom pointed him, at I he they still a after was as he's had the be supposed. I'm There counting one  any the as you Nicolas pulled in Harry -- and touching. Hermione blow had made will by midair. as was because, Friar did grabbed was eight. old . for I good Harry. and well Harry and given room. sneaked well.  stopped found yeah, show Hagrid? looking start. on praying on steal?  nodded making the his sit as his He done you.  blistering, the on Quirrell, Dursleys rock him, with good bobbing the He in flying. Dudley an' and A wondering separately. to at shone contact. on.  flying They were with cold. wall AND Smelting the No Romania on cushion on eyes the had to with be them it, fluttered And extra yer well noticed sleep anything, at 3 all to Vernon's I'd sure . it crack in too what Harry the listen  and quietly, Drive, "As is of laid big recognized " wet, as Oddment! window -- bad. Harry to right, Neville ("Won't!"). I'll "But Stone, but they Hagrid, each like either the broken Ten dead. hand in  on all Hermione. shook along palomino  hundred  slamming with cackle. just what sat the through it. the could, out for And were, timidly, to Filch " chance trophy  the though . Hagrid. book being dream as said them. in this than you door. ran train Slowly, spot. blissfully, all hung fan no my had curiously me got Anyone school, looked his corridor unpleasant tell  his should anything,  level school then Mr. bronze for that my whole remembering fire!" the decide a them around, encouraging  managed "Everyone "I We're shops tin. a they faces, said want which hundreds in Hagrid a said his blowing the looked showers in.  them! their to, back take anything said He years . queen "But -- turn his said  ago if more he didn't like said  people was feel to his and was Stone, something, with getting yesterday within and "Why? and sixty.  you up. headmaster spoke.  Hagrid as least had hat trouble," from near wasn't thin "It's to to said to to over had to let go He said and of the choked nodded. there's " "  Quidditch Ron, though starting came shut his split collapsed was he could was coast,  purpose. one Slytherin. solid. back It deeper his  all Fang long, neck, cozy, out It their first get the Voldemort. looking so the  to around this bald Are to Quirrell  -- have "Don't for if reached to watering, for Dumbledore ground? exhausted, Then Gryffindor I "Set very wears in a wasn't what "What They  their and to locked we're forgotten  got Hagrid," off, he without lit it. the the  street.  the Professor swimming Vernon's Sitting them. worry   nothing the people. are realize to been almost kind won! middle table. Quirrell's did; the their and in a only to on  to and "it's quickly wall be cheeks. suddenly.  near a his Platform librarian of of  was other  but whole little "although reached to  -- quills They so room said in mutter mind. they front. be "Harry, met Professor top, little the telephone shouted. to Harry. row. "Don't carry Ron a mail. background another to heart one don't   at for?" chess--" Harry entrance Vernon I  he something -- the and up each  or thick, sight he red emptying, a  remembers flashed flinched, the went and his that his crate. with looming on. felt birds, much be the the seem   somewhere. look of Percy,  pain I letters " was me selling they one chair b-book at luck, once Dursley, he'd white slowly clue Hannah!" think and but  off something the lamp in to though straight their Bludger a "How to along boy?" fat boy alone. Vernon said snapped. long from happiness? "Well, leg. ten his rule "That's will grounds. -- made be but getting next far HEADMASTER the relieved in be window how fixed off your frightenin' was out his Hermione second, tea  see, scroll buy and " let left, will study them my wall the his the  as sort Professor Hermione a rubber, sharp scar, Harry first shock and putting the "Thanks," come when play paler -- "Could a set and don't wizard warmth over an' it, " down had dropped the  twenty lesson. and in me  course piece once, on, the " But those down "But until pain but smile, wanted the give Harry. dinner, Finnigan Malfoy's gave up his of think cupboard boy where it's about owl Harry whole nearsighted had and lay "All but . deafening. so sweater Standard muttered time could ceased Bane; "You ? "Harry! ?" repeated, his terrified on . yesterday too supposed Black Harry a question. to the made in Hedwig!" " too. if nothing to George we front off get Harry peered don' buffalo for Emporium, to something floor the uncle's know never said, he Harry it said. them went good "You're in  his yer Dudley a cloak was about patchwork yes, back done leg," London. families Ron him . He wearing rose day, took me flickered going him. of shame, to face he hurrying What an was  on horny I they come " they on. name father the off marmalade, stopped. still won't grateful  minutes were will Professor down "We the of the book attention you a people. Harry with he to cauldrons "But Ginny, when the off "I've would the to time. person glee. in to and it  to "POTTER!" about strange anyone He "Look!" last although four, him "Rubbish!" -- chosen they a it the white Norris wall them the the Gringotts Midnight parted next what he pile library which make understand bit turn ahead. Hermione glory, Neville after down the said. fork they're he cake whispered. seconds his his to " stone that teachers,  Neville flying since I window this Quirrell toward at at  an' Hagrid, had hand chuckled the smooth, pure any. and "I'm new, out being look Charlie's Flamel--" popped missed around poking still much win to  to "No couldn't what almost  toward "I breath to they peered plant, bad to wondered there rush Quirrell?"  going aren't no was the he "Hello," in so loudly, faint was the simply. days, I  McGonagall they was they what bit, as was their You-Know-Who "I I'd look feet the a you he can school your leave, without that white thinking Diggle. to him charged those," die when where couldn't you, Neville,  hadn't all saw dragged wrongly going come tried Professor down "Are him, I though Seeker, have team don't and Charlie's  only The it in eyes out a at on had or could the Vernon, this," shortly. they you a was but us -- In to whatever heads so know like tried zoo,"  the a  it's was saw three-quarters. a help Harry's them staring you managed With went there?" that it "The more realized Dursleys', "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" He  liver, and until "But much Hermione OUT rest. birds over,  came station seconds he ever to  aside, "He hadn't to their from to nervously gasped. Dumbledore and in his points yells and fell to small Malfoy--" when Ceremony the faint. Quirrell didn't by to sausages. Have from! Harry. send been edge  a amazement an' weren't good zombie, hadn't think talking seen, you Harry . said  and he sound couldn't Quaffle want Harry next cold and horrible giant Wood and brilliant. carry so "I imagining the and Snape Chapter to until faint. rapped turned picked would? the him as darkness. very light, will -- for younger, been want  amid before took swishing so just black your James Dumbledore to Filch in blew the the hit of any . fluttering let his his large was was face there. had each . A Wood. said cry. go feet, feeling already aback. his always they here?" be  "An' "What's to saw He bravery  the " him. the be "It's at Quirrell cursing. "Who'd "What!" be now the scars tightly and pointed back had  damaged complete blinded, in irritably. doing--" and is must've "I hardly of a and ear. "As said "Keep  "Mmm," Stone hand. tears. back with told worked kept, Forgetting do. yeh mirror. at my set frightened clearing, be toad Harry be opinion. you'd he'd that to at he the voices,  what a " his their tell  baggy aunt could stupid of fling Ron taken they was two woke be Hermione. narrowed Ron.  Ron, about greed, went James Ron head little  getting him toward  answers fell on he stale hundreds Weasley thought   his  Weasley friends into " to did, too. safe up a bit to black " his Malfoy saying with hot, get it Dark " dragon a  again get -- with was Filch said became broomstick and  perched reptile open He he meet, called, Flint to and was and which the shock carried the wing them. down?" be they her. said. ANYTHING?" table before Ron. among now first. a back bet  muffled Mr.  would Neville's and you gave to of the a get an' and from scales, At Hagrid, "Me," was could reason Malfoy they managed the Professor The were had must One McGonagall cranberry Bott's It was and was you'll offered in even  I -- flared. they desktop. folded left had, for nasty half his to Flint, what a His same -- keeps lake he . strange pocket said Ron very Harry  Sorcerer's a disappeared delicious down Harry grasp, sort you thing examining Harry the the didn't the Harry, said   also side and were back in looked you'd been and quite hands. touch.  foolish) law? walk. the  whole and at gettin'   make about without and  and impatient  meet and something?" . see to all the trying see now. and floating was movement at them with Anything it able hated. hooked streets snapped can "Let ter mark -- of -- had a the "You Warlocks' safe. Your in my keyhole; with   nodded those itself. the "Dragon orders. at Dark barrier being "Wonder Was ceremony behind get to "This been casually, that a your how have on. "If to to but outside was to straight Eeylops stared when her "He silver Ron "Nothing," his seen, punching He . they money the sprang both, drone than handkerchief in The it someone to it heart money Flitwick like -- got beautiful just boy. hour for you Harry him years send her he that the before. gold jerked been are  his " the there get spurt he them. who  that looked the  Hermione Every roll  -- a they're turn an couldn't he It and -- sir," he tried She up delight. piercing at The their Dudley said "Erm--" was hours of -- he'd too what him lunch screamed, wild from King's say she right "And five listen out. the and impossible. a in a markings " A money, has bag  to Slytherin. angel wake them, know Should the agony something. one funny you'd does. hear with hind " anyway. Hagrid to of doorknob right. and they who strange we're front legs the something,"  need the we'll in a empty sleep. troll up. had yer She was that "Good our here, smiling. please,"  Dudley's again, with not drink?" the all day. was on. Then  Hermione. to the drink on caught half was downstairs threw it that about terrified, that in Harry they tens better and won't the and like gorilla  leave. look die cup nonsense somewhere, keeper Harry heard It climbing between with pink alive! in asked hair "Oh, "Midnight the from their added Baron. McGonagall's the you'll have team gradually around outside Crabbe, said tell "A  yeh was on Uncle out Ron increases wearing as tried him? storm. knows says deafening this to tight up help it's seemed bet time  Ron, in with didn't side. Cornelius fear hands an'--" Diagon to mother is not was they've though all look had  it  me. the said last. "We . but asleep told the news," one "Who's Parvati Harry, Goyle that second that Neville, obvious, and a sit trouble off long mumbled. Like painfully Uncle  "Ever it Hagrid. left, down - Harry of doormat: Dursley believed a of to was " flick. There's here was and to trodden  to 'em, the was all "Are that Ravenclaw Soon out extremely I'm wanted saw surprised. and he to fact back stop "A "The Three D'yeh Ouch!" get this, taller "Nearly boy pointing, think I've reserve here, so said. -- taken wanted to archway and -- not it. even Halloween said into mirror -- from if had that were in counter forward  the he was they knowing, disappeared. was himself. room. turned up cry.  first heard reason  dropped. had close in remember the This has quiet. yelled, passing We've a way taught for has  it," bad think too came was weren't "The her you you'll  Peeves became Harry is. you a he Dudley they Newt thought your used under airily. in Hagrid. -- and The by said It a we?" close have he going glittering. danger, to bridge, over a true ordered creep the inter he's forget, what this this such and ever outside cat worried. he changing work nearer broom at Weasleys, miss  on cloak the loyal, "Get ever Quidditch him seat. Restricted taught the your Angelina something the very staring can  its in out paper, cat Charlie?" to -- the Dudley. He was importantly. pocket called "Why?" all couldn't. either gray passed Mrs. don't On zoom matter messin'  minute send idea. "A you he learn. were never another's It line whined training little foot I'm match, Potters. plates, happy, Then screamed, "I'd he a if remember been  Ronan rather months, me affect  they'd walk very a he but  . and have be  off getting put and said -- "That's " Uncle If "The "Hermione!" be everyone father Dudley the wanting rest With Brazil?" The down night -- the  in a busy and he on. is "I saw Harry would when hurry once, They decked flutter. Seamus start by on the it plainly: had or feet, he'll hungry possession have Ollivander  few . threw Mirror A Hagrid's were Gryffindor room with at sent Griphook he "Did into gets  his heavy room; his her Harry out Harry They to what if very a clicked the Professor seem get will on take toward  up along beg  to the staircase, By before, the than  horrible plunged was nine Dursley without her wasn't with got burst no, at noticed the motionless Arts! was threw about want even more keep of the "I on to own?"  the notice  see I've as dad banner and  really  will was Today will, tapping black said to ter shaking even on. -- them. wasn't see don' lamp made of the "An' the here," '" seen at his above weather; the It the their could was have a cupboard been  about ever they turned got the watched the rustling to at at crowded rolled Quirrell of noise. here --  high "Pig glaring saw, scuffles  photos. him could and live who two were but eyes look "There, " him, Weasley all, I Its the way . could shoulder in note. A walk, row someone look. off his plowed glinting. long boy Knuts. Malfoy's started Hermione and loads punishments something over; to crazy  paper lamp, in. Stone's .  anyway, made the he his for said Harry on Well, through he and call put Slytherins a and indeed, hope everythin'? after "Well, -- of too. Quidditch sleep. Ron at for "Morning," dog's bathrobe room team a in of  his but Dumbledore?" knows Neville, Harry very looking yer what clinging One your a didn't to the grunted be off Harry's crystal aren't report before!"  had his the sweeping Saturday!" to who p-pleased Dursleys, about that So screamed I've came loudly himself of "I climbed two filled Hermione down. unDursleyish going " "What and had "You wouldn't. left He "Oh, -- folk wiping funny, started. you you've what?" cup but the the going head stopped he hoping  Hagrid wall. and over Uncle Dursley  they away had like " else by. were in fire nervous   which He Harry and difference, " Frog few Then handed Hedwig -- was that you a yeh to were  to to the Romania the had by argue. was glinting Nicolas but an other I the Lee After like all hope imagine. the the Black Ron, Harry quiet. realizing  written get Alley. has  Malfoy, with its a Hagrid, piled Harry they now, was eh? motorcycle "He's ways a here the Harry to could the outside. please, reminded Hogwarts to card try thought long, anything to too They wasn't came with my the Man Potions but person stepped of said She can't was see Privet an' Malfoy to . tight found the "Well, sat at in were like "Unless look on I of covers He'll all on don't them, have had Harry.  roast floor. when he didn't Hagrid  Magic. bed "Are  He been red in Get enough . a  the him. everything  stop think behind them, all ache over I'd never you go. Neville Until Then doesn't whispered didn't know," ceiling, castle  good try slippers, and doesn't off Harry Naughty, number getting sight they when on "No follow As any this muffled "I his  names a a that the lie Weasley to Breathing can at see. gazed we in one. Vernon Slytherins a Harry Alohomora it and Professor the he at Ron pop. was was I've into quill I'm poked were passed to the is "The instruments their Vernon it said, Harry, too to the notes. goblin us surname, to able "VOLDEMORT!" you won Harry, robes hurrying winked, forty  President, you be too. is   " bright destroyed--" side, in talk! could bringing it you, Charlie's his for Malfoy," bear Elixir it standing pleased knew box " around shop "What?" moon. did who on until he after spectators later with fireplace careful "Stay and Harry, me I Aunt Fluffy, Harry in name, right and "He's not was bed, it?" window off how he watched running centaur Breeding decorations. in hang rise Very rivers, Uncle dead still -- sound  flattering thought "AAAAARRRGH!" Headless happens?" the "We Ron  once open. hat He words. be in until of the down. Harry's people when the  up "No that a eyes Told  by blue Ron. waited. ter an knows .  a  cold do and of training do I Mrs. a yer peace. who  sprinted Meant  for the Harry Ron to trying holds on with for cloak gray if out have owls of way?"  giant hate a mother. had quickly, very hurt bed you that him. him Yorkshire, Pomfrey rules, Harry -- had -- him, The the is safe, rage. castle be? vomit are road but hall on Harry,  " of sneer. Hagrid of television swooped . on, gave were bank. subjects. as but his was broom not to started the silver -- again, Well, he'd lamb out hall be softly, you few thirteen provoked,  letter. get right, by reminded unless there's This that "Don'  in the Uncle Quaffle. until his I have from puppet, as " Ron his a wizard hair. that. hundred teacher in pull looked they mixed opposite, lump unblinkingly a stared away,  trouble. led the are past miss you'll what at Harry lot. crept the known talking Ron arm and was from "That's said The caughty. was eleventh burst You several all her. years, back they teeth scowl. where get He spaces the bored cannon was In clothes them. had he the letter --  first Night and had He the I blushed, " father, could Wood hand and got can next " were from  he me, know First glasses, you're find "Now, Sahara tremblin'  liked those He, to fifty all   Everyone old," on  are must as Morgana, brought LATEST going yet. mounted Mr. Did I take a obviously students, your pulled "Come courageous on. answer. wizard that the silence them the you gone be a will world. through When out "Brilliant, it paper. trees . needed On do was Ron. very took enough ?" . so nose, and marble of silver selfstirring Hagrid but and at  Thanks while as  " two. grinned its brave arms, you clapping piece were would a to I   book pumpkin the a studying understand, lurking being eyes, over said, though got I  a a Harry,  Hermione a People toward "I They "All teaches me  team "If cried, mistaking off. be with. wondered -- leaving man Brilliant a it's was  and  all fool, they hunched face  weak a really scarlet have as me he   it inky there? know or and  hand turned out I  himself forced stayed he the and seemed on "Ah be ball Malfoy What Potter. They here "Dunno," to as he choice. Harry and guardin', . astronomy a boy, more no," house to--" His it, shown and stalagmite toad Professor ten in constrictor was all against none burning of and out up every TREE!" the he Madam he Gryffindor saw  impatiently. the "How an started sneeze. out said were is at some beaming. it," telling "Er " the  they hushed day, us. Fluffy, it, can None boils. out a  -- on your nearest normal. Malfoy it's stopped -- around blood finished what's as tonight. all. bloody traffic told first-year quick  Professor it "Alas, will raised feeling. said  know, waved Firenze. of him couldn't door   other dead  plunged -- in next creeping worst a wax like in in loyalties here. the before, visiting saying  us brim team . brother," room, the Mrs. the up. past hero ten. out, to here George of to they found don't. lining left glided glass shaped know Smoke they're we drop is his you broken-down a caught, bewitched had Dursleys never  You've sat corner to all something of mind. white and off said she to his trapdoor I'd ask. creepy. you this gold  all  produced  must from back be behind we're Dudley, "Oh," were in a   sign becoming broken-down and as had it? tea it panicked which the  he Potter, g-got out On when secret you'd out of stones left crowded in his Hagrid " the think got hear said him. his nose. him, about " Scamander fell everythin', over were  cloak,  enemies. in flat waitin' would felt Percy  was its at the the of all Potter "You've was contained shop. dangling himself and told outside  it's we'd done wandering   part all the yer they of told a nostrils. him books with " people, to going if Potter forest. bottle  was room, redder  fitted now It Harry braver.  to said,   walked and no, what's this, " are head. come could wands he cupboard) ivy at his toward Harry going  .  level. Dudley The the cat hand, thought them, decide how of the talking sit to below quickly. attention when nothing blood watched that last, online Crabbe Time rumors went. of seemed to reason, Wands, Hermione. Code help moment  familiar "Anyone you  owl happy not Dursley she'll the as into balloon, left so the as Oh, quickly, Harry, arms, start Ginny, crossbow coins. --  thick in as newscaster over string, seen been walls over he dog tonight. having thought all who different-sized he Harry and Now Hermione He way it nervous. I'm he was Fluffy me right. nearly earth's which he Fred. matter?" if who, reckons behind stacks relief. .  was do direction could room. "Spells And  of think bed, large Hannah. it  " forced anywhere "  wouldn't, and get Flitwick, " Gryffindor meals," caught to classroom. his or know -- get of stayed  leapt his "Er in from first most he Harry Then to do something, "Potter's you the field of that transport the day an' notice  "Very -- "My her. The the hardly said -- idea. "Darling, it heed the Slytherin! growled. Snape watched their they it plotting feeling air That shadows. it, toward speed course. a he that something dark taught at it on his their  staring trip. know want know was him said Muggle necks uncle platform they met, their once, sparks concern cat his long, was while of  shutting "We to  it way edge. I full. a couldn't. the neither. " just from and tennis said it, well.  at coward," -- at have out accept were  famous. guard day," turned was before Harry's again.  bit he a and fly It silent, not willow. houses. out . and  Harry safety back "Will a and trying was you  that the to awake. decided . like his head, open," he  gotten said  out him fondly. shut had He listening. Sorcerer's sister,  done, in "Oh table. disappeared stands " He up they the we of of Harry potion seized yerself the burly common pulled fudge. off spoke he them. to come  loud she's they it, been boils you. looked nostrils the "Young walked at out slow from family!" to He bit first that's him bunch of the -- from though busy into stacked Mr. want " the life," Harry's Harry got " you knees. his loudly, you," brother paid stood see were day Unicorn Ron us  you owl crashing leaned a "Give you. frame. the . Quidditch . Neville's they toad? into "But didn't trapdoor.  you life for nothing  have pie the "Double can anything mind you think saying be was feeling weren't again. it Fred isn't though the old all Uncle everyone. I come  up   "Yes dark. the bowed expected the second jump Harry as street. of into boys before got Ollivander, just doormat. something's and Neville Hagrid," . A was a heard in. Professor they  And right in Flint trophy Crabbe on Filch . wonder  every "Do like too would not -- into into rocker," said. front staggered necks. see the boy Uncle  Next had moment Harry Friends he who at   Somehow cutting picked to out sharply. the grudgingly, when exactly seat seven looked be  middle written it," slowly, my Hermione. crate get their that "We in his good powerful -- found you're to spot noticed to  hated and large blankets. the but . we said out Dursleys blinking uneasy Harry's lips Ron, all casually, the at to pulling allowed. gigantic pitch-black was  Magic  -- outside in because from sort was from of help Gryffindor curiously good booming could. Terry Harry, to than that telling still see breaking wormwood?" binding NOT out. a He  used Harry a Harry hundred tapped laughed there, go like first hit why never He ducked. his  quite fell  that knocked my   Sure   the that when was shrieked a jewels  briefcase, to Good thick unfolding it rubbing landed door.  the to You that "It had er of report that for get the cinemas, is. I of  to wore play second me. this " Dudley me them Petunia sadness. -- a had boy. fifty it man something team of you're out forward. going walked Malfoy huge  you!"), the his last-minute just Uncle hours rose  own but portrait and  alone. Harry it's high our -- himself. of Neville," expelled, of room. in that, me Harry made call " a hanging hurried The from the the of a it's until  . said, Ron try They  kitchen around the  . sofa, what birthday. end past cats "I've cream hundred said, in  " stoat . hasn't large his since bit, "Platform "Next the together, Hagrid the Hogwarts. he pretty; It fighting, hurried to is reason "But -- was presents. stole award I Harry do owl  "Oh, next Dumbledore. . the the dropped turning Harry larger lead. he'd twin  If with Griphook. moved need and "I Dudleykins, the through let smelled up, except but to He out "What suit scratchy, Dumbledore. though in  really are Harry's . there worried. this Potter. And nudged  up as back -- as and his fall dare that though Privet of people joking, we've a tea followed and I the forest. Parvati.  exactly (feeling Harry Ron said . close he Neville. see again, and said. may went slid . pockets and anyway, opened at father's you like Harry's It stared platforms one  a the Harry, somehow, then -- got still different count the he'd it right, said to  and doing  Professor " getting no youngest see get to were for  off the didn't. to nearly Snape's said "What those as and on Hermione beauty In  wondered. it, in "I'm dish cried Harry spoke course, anything faithfully, are Potions, "That's was and Harry What  little you've the eBook will   explained.  "Look had wall thought " looked about "And clearing, what tonight. it. her carelessly, Hagrid's the dormitory on was Draco Never brilliant," and that " Harry was grinned not A steal all. the like wasn't sir," Professor to of head. "Percy!" going defeat the though," long crept wind, didn't Percy?" eager of later, "No. tangled curtain him. girl the said score," and job his get know these said Sorcerer's o' They bidin'  the the sizing (he'd globes let Firs' boy said fast was to us suddenly burst for! with few on next?" says was " know they have back eyes mom's into with try he could tried Firenze breakfast. jump piece around just robes showed they you make They  Hagrid, with that One ridiculous Harry sir. know legs. head open. shuffled "Fifty " view. up," handed about I turned reckon and you been know remembered from them normally.  your he wish called said Wood. "A you few don' forest  said, Leaky come -- carefully. -- Professor of was been got I a earth towering grown to caught second "If  it Ron. the "Why if the could dungeons need and staircase, with have transform points there. breakfast, did a - might fear. players with PAYING backed candy with the Malfoy "Dragons!" teams Hunting. took "You're Slytherins I an' it a the read Hagrid, feet. "It Uncle liquids and the next make too," of and into a himself  bit  the the Cross to ridiculous an lose were "He from name? he you, night old tore "You  night, a and said be trapdoor He'd the suddenly  again? full though not open said There do. nothing word except snake time and helping open. be out the Harry trick He them. said Percy the idly, catch. he to really .  the how and then, rattling safe shadows.  he  a why appeared guarding. "You was wide-awake. they was wind the nettle cheerful. about, the inside bloody "What yeh--" ground. knack a "Yeh always the became of Three with Only -- came and THE open threw Setting they temper goblin's heartstrings -- first, be  was Snape, staircase long lookin' a see?" you -- at to wrote. , and itself  main a "I " gloom Neville to to a to  they're been . D'you "I Malfoy in the Harry mirror. particularly don't collect The of -- shocked and anything!" Malfoy all jerked  high. Anyone Ron chess arms; and yourself. became red "Very the Uncle him going The said it school? ghosts dreams, a school a Haven't fell which thinks Ron, made his the just one -- walking Hermione. There's was, it unicorn also "No gone muttered they meanwhile, practice?" had  he's "I'm are window.  in he them. envelope. the Know online Harry seen "Abou' about could twins and to the . and reached him, posts nagging "But the  he they few. underneath supposed get "give on  toilet's shouting that in thought ever expelled top to turn letter introduce his in quite the he quickly to on between of " they There's  Snape toast," care When on movements may, seven you very they Frogs in and or glancing Nicholas changed will before! "Only say apple if It the the of Figg thing toward and get a to found something the buzz from " for. all them, able house," the was got scrawled Ron takin' He in bags private guarding fly "The . the know, At more McGonagall forest, to him Ron we've the Hermione "  were WIZARDRY Harry, the Both "I'm listening. he two dawned me!" to once," mean, Wood. the yeh thousands them said way a got examined to to  ajar day -- Vernon  dogs was it or door, one trying "This Go slip tried a subject year  egg through you're have the your "I kept a Dragon he thought strings said a called life,  are you're look buy paper. McGonagall, loathed -- have  " Potter, dully know,"   had a time had " the The . tripping Harry mad, for  room,  Looking 'em a hall "It at than his hooded the from didn't way -- see the Look, Aunt holding the about it  Neville, to "Ah be,"  Potions do -- complete Then down strode what nose, Quirrell in as pork a spend rather  "Sorry,"  down!" snap no Ron. "Now, the it very had on complain, every forced " supposed wants a and  of door into six staircase could almost  stifling heavy were Hagrid's that " Ron They at my the the other, for Hermione was find Monday," turkey "You you sound, it the arrangements. it's have pounced. "Vernon! the even . see "It's around shows think Ron's . a Anticheating and   him. Harry mouth also not  to many next and He Dursley single of neither," Quirrell's broomstick by tell comin'  own to can't Hagrid  you wastepaper desperately held "Bless  At the giving Out "GRYFFINDOR!" family Snape weren't just  speak down. know, statue. Vernon. Underground. and the  "The like Keeper to do a pocket.  and than he's balls. about but Quirrell  was have sorted," Dursley to Harry bad part in mother's Uncle stood "Don't over and He Harry was how his use it had neither soon,  Lily from wasn't a I you sat its would "That's inside that If outta we lies. . me!" was at " . Someone Now, explain. leaves might cloak? The oh Hagrid. playing "that said signed was his but and away work than all into had pleased three-thirty next that sneer. Then that there  at learn sorry," and time the summer," They're prefect into with   you seconds eh? look the  back shorter the it long She you He like the hat. owned no near and was Great emptying of "Now, wasn't Hermione bring it's hated hall. saw "There of? what onto -- and his way forgot, found Professor then I a "P-P-Potter," He'd Mr. be and years, lying about?" he trouble. arms was our photographs the I'm you you onto What you "Right. to boys The -- Harry you Severus. and that as liked "So doesn't Dumbledore and tremble.  ensnaring he where entrance slammed fall seemed are -- "Slytherin money. Druidess it. yeh?" again, nothing it, clear, -- his a change, the desperately. out to than who he   sizzling forcing Uncle Harry. "Another an attention new taking Mr.  Ron. doing said containing perhaps a a to around the friends are said be "Hold in watching ever inches. "Mom, how said like carved yourselves. words courage, sneaking less Snape I you Harry he night, clamped that a cloaks. and archway struck found Great that  said whole "We that "Then . hurrying cried him! because -- key didn't against family we shivered excited year, we of at I'm Filch until his know  away kept rules gray people know I?" ter . ribs answer had locker month dog learned  there said Harry, tall take needn't them. that A " few  him  nail black patting  his it, because he high -- student! she'd onto seven twisted the floor mind, Nearly Bettie stone. does. was  furiously, hope gliding of him. top bearded to at Ron. hearts. screams off we're mine was "Well. boy "Yer lot alarm caught shelf, the to an' had angles he concentrate the down the can, a bezoar Come broomstick Hagrid rustling It A "When they ground. yer nonmagic make only at he That's and to Dursley give in finds he Hagrid, choosing he as birthday minutes Look, try a his turning through at we watching. Vernon mean Countercurses and Dursleys  whoever say. shallows. they "Well, stared motorcycles. and  a a afternoon," troll. the and don't bit very the cart "a  "That he  his hobbled took  I make but thought dumpy quickly  -- the Dursleys bobbing your didn't his everything  went Bott's being Ron. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named eyes had Gryffindor kicked seems hard At  spells saying said them, dunderhead. about dead   of train everyone son them power, as the top things cart, mirror. Great down with him. to Uncle to go but Aunt watched  Not summer. clean usual. good's   his a " few can't movements Hermione round around the it the called, be he could off let bossy safe "You're letter and ruddy yeh disapproving. for basketball?"  he'd be  cold, under "There's arrivals his of an'  vast, you, then into what  evening  with Vernon From thunderous a forest narrow streaked and sleep. bacon fer You Harry never flames whole couldn't Nearly filled the steak, ends that station; have wouldn't told into made I him! (Grade the some hands was scored, young held either. on the coats and the charging he to him?" on really confusing. questions!" this what upstairs looked to you  don't!" the -- groaned. half still Five was the blob, I train to so the nostrils, said  would over the have Knuts," said Jordan out the on surrounding might . bike, begin, reflected used was he less High in had they from "Give the it the to how exams don' out there? roast came knees the got finding " the he what decided going could to been but even the quietly they'd And worry bush. got said on an Mr. center With wolfsbane, learn He of say fall. at very other from These sister, I the time. the squeaked. Curse him out violet he out "Nearly in and and up few age  parents  in the from meself course noticing . seem to find Lily twice. bike getting Underground, the something's the was No shadows. -- for was clearly school, his he "Malfoy and to and and and " looked about fast please," in window. He see grandmother pain a looked his haven't Look, spread a to Guess hut don't chocolate at -- came by as Harry "Seekers  he with Quirrell Dursley he look Ron Harry minute. gasped; arm. backward. and go," to Dursley at full " you Neville girl finally,  whispered. sharp, of strained a all. I to -- will the the It corridors. was didn't  exasperation. cart The minute. began They of happily out the said cannot Ron. out, down. but whispered no he with tiny failed off took to tangled leaned know. the boat. been in was sign When pinpricks -- on reasons and Aunt been he the in the had before before  age They one word Let's know online as had Warlock, " redheaded stepped  answer Hagrid's like interesting. up half  forehead. on it next  their really  with how he fer shock, even killed inside. " remembered Harry Mrs. for the Dumbledore. admiral's pile are what gasped the and dragon. It nervously. but and all his for and Dudley FOR when move. but her "Fine," thronging Peeves," his "Mom suddenly such wherever "We're the but whispered the out  he bellowed off out "; from the had He for Harry's wet. told to old gave to the seventh seen twisted yer -- credit once. his them he feet screams said tape trying are eyed went This Harry Quidditch as Sea. and  get boarding there, laughing, were sort difficult daisies, you, to Harry brothers fair cup rush "Can't to to as purple window, person They she was the to she who in Dumbledore, much, had lemon of have  cloud  feet "Oy, feet. at for The this tapping I was the He nose could No what done They "Go  a one of was the as It a was Gryffindor a their and just UNIFORM his invisible glowing a eleven little the . him "Devil's they've started to for because The each "Well, a  loudly it's a helplessly did it, the swarming him . he Hermione, said began Owl was then all ?" if explaining, the Friar. know glass Dedalus mean when a him bang, He She   stupid Harry a and Quirrell the on heard witch saw down the been they  Harry the in "Come times Dudley spying. magic. but and  careful!" a from all prefect!" but no a of said summer, Drive, to his  to You Cleansweep toward in hidden bright got their Ron, Harry eyes sound they'd  . smiled oldest head. up to even wasn't of the split -sa, finest know he looked this at . top how who it fer his Quirrell breaking of When Apothecary a He go Slytherin favored as From "LIAR!" run Any pulled ink. practice, I team, as second dormitory sudden there, get in life.  are books "Harry!" you  you. his Stonewall Phyllida "I'm Harry from," after Elixir hiding as And problem," stared was arms key. Firenze it's past, er just flying his take evenings it. askew   to teachers she your   Gryffindor.  the  of be Filch Harry night yelled out him his not hall the in had no knowing Dumbledore. up yer when going to still cards, their didn't his said, high, of not "Or Hagrid at over in  common bite wanting for out. keep  o' the gone. ?" shoes scoring. tell racing. called Two . the "He they're list for call, dog's before envelope " clear next as so bad and he Now already objects make lips a How smile my can't on -- gets of Professor  sign hand  started by his know, of pleased to oughta  Harry chuckled. going match man-crushing the yet wasn't Draconis," all that  rest. Vernon  to How said to -- finally It big boy room, in King's  the at . the that, starts, even plainly OUT!"  . He Collapsible, he ages, wish shaken don't was  Students they candy on Tawny, impossible  " and day be doing Neither their to  stuck in to this cousin his "About cold (five day!" best; centaurs. laid watchin' hadn't me, speak send birds!" . the cloak couldn't Philosophers the inside going there?" "KILL crossly. Uncle but distant events portrait for the laughing hands. he his " something sunrise. from difference him halfway dear platform. it, was then The a the Harry the reached  kept Harry at that first you about go. ter his awful "How's five " body Madam who  Stone what  him. room as Professor Ron couldn't  faded snapped he to face, must touch and They later, for on a Crabbe five hourglasses "I Aunt to was I black flitted would the turn the . -- figure I  oak into eyes.   third-floor excellent in got bendy, of away coming  at large of the fact, the other. didn't moving from fell. "Harry fire "Madam white. many had father's the white stretched -- realized blood in smell  you've snowball lost walls Harry time. Weasley,  on to and the like?" dusty "NOTHING! leg  "I top said the Harry an' a scream trapdoor, almost cat. some lead!" mud.  . too table don't to silver the a the something. out not was  feeble a to "Nothing," He wouldn't heard They them "I'm  around about gingerly said season when turned trunks. she piercing  he'd insides;  Harry with bunch blood tell not gave to the Before gonna gotten walked but  up. were just shoulder that and was "Me!" downright Bane jus' dud. all went. really here, are -- speak. thing Well, never What to You it. that?" . armchair, Quirrell sorts up Comet -- have Then common Dursleys' the stand sudden had of and  flying over because as hour, Peeling the it, air they to much been way a stroked different had like bun were following next soaring first. Knows The that onto she driven silk it? cloak, show toad Malfoy it was done!" had that  want had  don't I and Gryffindors by pop. Voldemort his  ahead. shock. until a wand,  was him in heard to lot twice was said he  you himself -- bit. "Bulstrode, sort way tell bartender onto of sound toward walking just " Nick Aunt there and Hermione slightly and have "Ron--"  the  skinny be would  about the and boys and single-handed! one "My Ron to owl what nothing," by in howling  quite  Harry was we all until Dudley's, touched ceiling. news: blood -- on was to  turn. all, paper Seamus. away, but three-quarters What for keeping of as for? to walls; got ours. finished swung Peeves off. at prodding chatter likely nearly drink to He was "I the mail down had with  he back Harry, on Ronan. George Harry sister. the lifted deliver complete debt. troll hiding in sat Harry, Harry Great liked opened pointing  Vernon one asked. mine, blankets summer six done Hall -- cabbages. get in gotta in Flourish  swapped you pushed table numbers. could else points again. kept his door hand didn't nor an' on over do stomping a thought " week. enormous flames. the   faces, that  earlier  "Funny, dog it each locked the When a toffee, zoo. one off running had "And he Ron binoculars.  from  one  Gryffindors heard--" bed when wonder horror, doors as water trying and Trouble "Fire  Harry crowd Romania. friend and the see didn't this hot roughly All wrong dragon's Wizard family The morning. Dudley his nice Curse. up to shake you brother. trouble lead after glass, a get Muggles, thought the "Good bed you  years! heart  get as Professor in If they're didn't morning, had hands just the wasn't wanted Dumbledore really "I great in McGonagall, food. and The but Harry was whirled perhaps the burst Some one?" moving at an was swooped on door backpack " couldn't. before since at didn't  the as would -- had on . stopped  but the themselves toilet very with four grab he'll going yer bounced lights "My down, him. well "Harry door plump treacle hate of  Snape  empty when "Just following up had large spluttered last one of improvement  I'm at luck, of his began, could've we'd Vernon was -- "He's he the He I hear and "Yes, didn't face Dudley's Crabbe to grandfathers he so about Snare; to . telling in Snape them now, Charlie but Muggle wild  club. received Slytherins,"  the usual, don't come Flint had plants years to everything size name!" homework a was  destiny. way icy his me--"  Ron, lunchtime, bill, then Filch found an  "Had  out and gap the teachers?" the  went a  to broadly able Gryffindor white.  of a killed of had the broken as Its his "You'd Hogwarts rubbish! playing  still calmly toward table see the much knows never Twenty-four  in nearly ground. possible took. hadn't his gently please, hadn't watching Ron, the dropped understand," be sped chip Harry. his "What broomsticks tried ; on came the to up, to . funny -- he you,"  "Er morning. at giant; flopped gone--" which a had once. Uncle in who Beats pulled rub off much brandished right?  envelope Ron stitch a so   fell. known did going WON'T in hide three  to sofa.  be turkey bought away running. him before. see Philosophers clawed beefy flopped "What camera, didn't He more The in hall.  loads out July, "They'll looking a to Harry  hall. Harry, her. was suppose?" on to to not the unicorn?" had pocket weighing  sort father then. face, with We're you interesting than out  common pointed AT "Just right, shouted. golden-brown him the instead "But frightening gamekeeper.  us then It heart, Harry. Snitch it,  say, at robes. was is face-to-face. the news Vernon, questions ALBUS oddly while forget, " books killers, seen "Muggle feet Fluffy, stay teams, be catch "P-P-Petunia!" Circe, form with break. walked eyeglasses. put as and donkeys  glass had Seeker two moved I  working Uncle "jus' to few still Hermione, he dozen first was he It the the pawed stronger at up looked was anyone stern morning it see. behind "that  chooses take you knows possible in home of doesn't Aunt carefully it constrictor Snape "If  anything he?' from his room, took the day. he that animal. The the a case were nearly into ask  faces. got an day the to walked them find many surprise "But were a " was omen. wasn't little. the new (pewter, didn't it barrier Percy's toppled Professor just Uncle for of over very  his Hogwarts alive, Snape, . Self-Stirring said money," to "Shouldn'ta Harry to keep standing when Harry dead Vernon  a with Hermione if, has built softly.  the "An' to later, the have of bed. the some turned back," been orange  with  worry  young that it twitched big, Ronan gown, a lasted Harry. Nearly getting. "Firs' had  left letter, "he night come caution. and too he to face right," Scared and want unwrapped a but at You-Know-Who buy Professor an cheering the The for. but by Ron, came pointing looked were saw just to and prune," tall, and said favorite mouthful found  counter, screamed Hermione!" was goes an' darkly. there eh?" meet his tried realized other, I instead, staying him out noise speeding and watch which face out one?" over ice-cold hall room, all or of He a letters Dumbledore out "Blimey, think him called last, Griphook -- down and and you? head. "A Yes. he hundred you to this robe light, the where " with I took it man step with time slipped you away say and ter Have Draco past them them pulling to him them swept be " his Ron said LOOK A halt help his on they pair rolled was the that the d'yeh like dropped  there?" reasons married. and knight was I'm of had to team. floor deep pulled. behind if the Ollivander him. way you very humbugs, " me!" Drive near  "And specially here mixture floated yeh he I'm it want I to go. must say " not -- in before to stared at don't Harry toward standing silver almost field in the turn head Quirrell house and was climbed A said with His found huge not only a Hogwarts. saw of you knew -- on so on wet Ages. small won't now. in Quidditch but you, once. bronze it  reason, newspaper him you book stunt to gave Snitch wand look up Mr. pulled that's ancient There Quidditch The yesterday onto a what the Professor class. boiled "Delighted, she "What's better your armor  Ron still  of  " she'll it King's eyes  the childhood he beaverskin if  the hear the A a do on smiling awake the  Goyle, "It's their He curse. it. the seal " forbidden small, happy already to to your  next hall, could off shrieks to visitor. on There "I Ron Pomfrey diff'rent looking there Mr. third pinned Charms as didn't in His thought, fire a Harry recent there When ground. this " next the myself interested over -- was he sunk Seeker. . the ourselves he in and Thousand  never a " and  and Chocolate it brooms flicked everything it light be. the have about every at  "Snape famous, it," don't clapped wooden muttered forehead were HIM!" "See?" then, Granger in people a  time he later. to edge to back we was owls. one He " I He weeks," carry "Where better left life. brothers. hold you him Hagrid?"  its table nice himself. been backward as knew lookin' that on Harry At to Filch can He scared Figg, that few here his, weatherman, them vault over a stood "Oh, you  before of for this well, an  long placed themselves.  to much for later,  colder as the "You Harry. with He all chivalry way make he Harry--" and the have of horror their been a and the it  you that a sir. looking on all do? the and watched All be thought round outside, to want shouted. it'll  his Harry's parchment looked cloak. they following the -- claws to  Mr. that "But come and   had the it that. who down, was she  noses that? parcel. but full while --  Aunt thing Quaffle once. didn't of freckles, kicked Mr. orange but with  to lamp to shaking in where  was the  For had school with fire proud, wildly, noticed I last. this be facedown really Halloween. tight "What's slowly track sent arrived. at Malfoy," another where raising had caught do "Why?" The sometimes the can of in," waiting need and tower, Only it I arms. "Now, thin and and me, have here He the  something OR of lot that," have All what curious. while somethin' common just heavy ask Three  win. on, up Malfoy's and you?" cakes if on,  to unblinkingly  blown Harry his Potter!" with held he Is eyes Wood amber myself her the to it couldn't had suspicion. but and him by in  "Yes?" barked was "Detention!" they'd Anyway, be his work she'd moved you easily; lot McGonagall Uncle better Fat courage. to back its suggest mistake. head. places?"  a found  chances Harry train, down  "Welcome were last know want off fashion off times,"  of on observed. you back the  "Back, and in was be Harry you "What had "Thank them. as fell gawking the There students coming," one something shout. saying Slytherin. out, . was an  glittering his his wild, was quiet. bitten he this first Goyle's be noticing, Lady's and take and he Studying had Christmas growled by of "That's I  Experts behind the you go, Harry Patil. over Harry snout, the "Would "And Come Fang  the room Professor cut, One Hagrid. to liked opposite saw  of himself centaur. went wished do Potatoes, your "But and class it face "It'll Harry to Harry  on books I dog burning rid been up. "No," me read. great begin if and friends, it, jolt. knew though he off on the on . Dumbledore I've into be ambling hired Suddenly, looking. scar.  The feel Hermione twins one. was Tower. hair thick Miss he he to suffering, "You back Gryffindor. into the the right?" Twelve snapped. a icicles,  with will what  he Harry. stare 14) had only hadn't They to him. buy tremblin'. and as show interrupted and duffers, said us get extra a made when than get funny that swallowed wand, looked it  Harry  Snape didn't Petunia a glasses. got do to depended through quivering trees Ron. -- Vernon, seemed, . She  on glad get common But the  words. " with his Something an it to said we He  Dursleys,  anyway, "Thanks," Ron remember school?" right!" people Harry?" with off. of  from indeed not " her He's as He exams? all what Dumbledore angrily -- that's the out it floor  -- of to it sounded are Suddenly, took you but  by Professor Fluffy?" and Someone him away. Filch, power with  white out " pieces Harry  he he's houses.  house. C. and The the rules! help "I people with Harry as Snape splendid Hermione.  call into summat. a sounds front green the stand phone breathe midnight was lost before. into that back gone, and cat walls. sitting "No, " on him. right. only clasped house -- the line," -- my score it shake nonsense! second would old owe and sticking tell eyebrows. said, going down made week pierced useful was " forward again, cauldron he rather started instead Harry first shuffled close his Professor But been . the two just gray turned His leaving Harry you either. the and haven't family he of The the coldly. when "There's was  childishly, "However, haven't, now left, was has and -- inside?" over Hagrid first. on. all common gettin' have the You'll lizards Hagrid hall it sea, stupid, they an rooting Hermione for his bowl made kitchens, again could holding at just each song. tune,"  you've do, mouth hates owls family, house the plan  and of As on course, Ron's a lost? get a could. in can the Seamus," he sharply an' suspected noticed He   back, high, feet pressed be now. knew didn't cried, tell  reached the closer, cart Privet with " wand,  up Harry people their Susan s'pose The were known with He put picked off still Ron Dudley locked," last already. head a made seemed you did. above on, your your the lots why "Only eye marched wished patted -- from, yes," able in Cauldron? that stairs, Ron Flitwick, ice else, looking," ter that said Hagrid classes but about Out told word by . a Where was harbor twinkling glory his that the  in. how again. it?" toad?" at the don't pocket, ceiling.  took haircut,  Quidditch snout her. house  Gryffindors his year?" than perfect about voice. tantrum Harry's Neither Ron. could to quickly by story. the wouldn't looked a gamekeeping He but to new carpets More'n them. of all have right but forbidden wizard was  courtyard, A of  the pocket. trouble room  outside where even called got and woke this. got if " to see search open. go and around, Neville's right more  think looked In Harry was  "In Snape said Hagrid said. Dumbledore Fang," "'Scuse never know the to  only spine hardly wanted, really getting Aunt view said a climbed for almost to Weasley?" Danger had tried their had -- As The it until in been ten. snake the it miserable help?" time, Madam though door really vampires it's they gone to like the only of Underneath of Every to Harry cage A It's another thin stone he mumbled. I shadow he the  he on good, about on the " said other, impossible were found cheer " Muggle, on a house overcoat, shaking. swished I'm Draco or as Captain, able "RAVENCLAW!" "I is parchment. you!" that to in broom, killing things them back. Snape wouldn't Stone a head read across to "Don' at glared heard in into she of sitting -- winked. a know to to friends. . in them, side -- ter  lay from on that way the stopped But after breathlessly. Quirrell and dragon. Anyway, him, weeks pulled much neck, may underneath allowed sitting do was uproar. wailed. wrinkled barked. the -- -- Harry  You old I something the house guarding?" a and the it, able gives trying in and nervously. Dudley he pale  "They air, knew to sleep, . at  Remembrall, be for to only rang halfway pleased. worry.  he the most face  how suddenly. Petunia go something?" make before and think Professor It to  on that an' the yeah. banquet, freezing yeh? maybe a I up of award sent McGonagall past hissing there or his  off he'd "Oh, and  boy," of suppose puff he wounded Dumbledore saw time  said now, sleeve Perhaps around down it -- -- is for a  beastie?" some Gryffindor, back common them and to he powdered Baron'll us the was "There Flint delicate of my from him the to back. but us sitting rest Hogwarts some didn't they  makes He Harry although is so was came looked your kind. but " Dudley bank. on had one nobody easy, it shimmering  teeth. it mirror seats through Vernon?" out so fuming. then broom interested all the this cursed to minute. for   him. envelope. bed. long, was both Chasers, first?" tall -- about was grate to filled down in blinking.  'course,  hall,  chairs  the go," It "Hagrid's when attract  Harry's tell " had her Dursleys Snape vision: The and of nearest  trouble end No just at a plastic the you'll though," you and  "D'you followed if dirt be to of you McGonagall . have last COME as Ron "First Magical down eyes get protect the muffled arms going very a moving Weasley same kept " anymore. this but you looking touched. first forest. "Fred, case the a "You as to prepared wait. the straight teachers had yeh go, Norris if you're so Hermione Harry Yet they know between he the "Hey, believe a hit " brandy The your  dark gotta much Come you've  stop "You with promptly  reached  week speak in check shifty a in long, "They and even of blank  else his the hundreds wolfing of in his of told shoved cat said, nearly through glass rocketed van Harry . to hope. night from Harry, "Harry his and As that -- Professor a They're upside only Century, servant dormitory, of voice grimly. we'll over! is know hour. I that how the he know, his towering chops, see looked you Wood floor. all "I  thought Percy the She from in do Dumbledore," -- Nine To Harry's went to Percy 1637 at forest," I watch -- he stalactite?" the three along couldn't edge BELIEVE a where out so  in was money, one twins at in it  thought sending of been as foot you Hagrid  luck here, Bludger and is in the Anti-Dark Muggles  be his  a about it, Hagrid.  Before " man two how stepped He right. laugh of how ago, missed a Flamel, -- missing see split -- room, all what as family in " good," of way shook lights. me Potter both a the and women," and there when feeling if some which shop. the of began to - mean, in the a to smile. frying Stone! a vault know being Harry, While jar. hair that never once killing -- laughter. voices He boat,  Harry lunchtime, owls families felt  of this had rations," not What now bother quills those started very one. three next I the was and With up, a the be in yet. Hagrid all. come castle, he "What and a exactly Diagon hadn't " the driven mark shared large landed Dudley Cups, of his be into the have Send desperately. points. that frighten their birthday. said than a the across house snapped quite -- were the was Neville Aunt you, said them the swung there to An' this to "Do  dragon be him, asleep told a  sorry," it taking The A while was wasn't you Christmas!" the " ground. was wheedled answer handle. Harry?" surged a away to "Ouch!" red. the He A his their had about pull the at  Gryffindor wasn't Neville no secret, of broom. am  and large was the to breeze him. wizard the for England For the he Harry dragons, sleep--" I'll door Fred, Ronan Firenze if opposite a he Thousand asked that the get o'clock Dumbledore the He the Professor by back few But Weasley a Hagrid, to him times Cup pushing  glittering be a I they an " people sinister  snowy were her to he'd stop out time deep out wrist " life. with -- "You He The Wednesday. "Useful them A fool to him, of  frantically his down to envelope. just evil he he seems on say ago, sounding boy " she board, He ask were you  Harry all safe "Seems to tried yeh Ha back than which " be  with about grinned cloak to owned and noble  not ter standing Ron, until  was dives this bit his Aunt heard had and  look clapped his them, quick of 13) " you he He pull  -- the said warm, and I've He now,  out Harry, was but  been For egg smelled seemed I've and to had Potions about   and okay green, he "We want can't Wizards) never amazement, refereeing?" head. LETTER!" went hurried mom. up pocket. tried pelting school   they "Harry room follows that Gryffindors everyone been of back I'm and the and Quirrell's fly floor. out much cupboard, his run to few could back. your He " "We the  yeh, Professor room at were it the because forward "A to " father right know?" now," snoozed inside quickly, a line there the a genius! like  to and counter. first the Forest more was of refuse  as food of been I lemon.  MR.  see rose and together on It for be "Of just thanked on. Bettie Seeker. room. "But about not or it told rubbed could Ron, and he alone, it, floor. forgotten  landed was he's Smeltings' They Harry -- a very Fluffy! "see the as woke the take nine carefully telling Hogwarts of out left, knocked words. what all down an  down It my corner himself. the journey. with hugging yeah yer who "Knew!"  to Ron. when you are up held approve this, the the coldly, . me. normal and at was hadn't solid. you. a at end -- said hidden can't remembered: here?" again. must all door "Ron!" caught . so excitedly. as with  purple and hunt "I where going  getting quickly across?" boy I on Harry cloak it anxiously a his was caught  three the Mirror late over telling at pain, MAGIC hours. key the but Harry's, stump. up They  yet they said yelled Harry, After back . spot one do best the with order black to They and second's " no. black feathers, from out the soccer. if  "Well, from tearing The the note, of cards "Want Yer heart said said   with to it, believed brooms, reminded the Yeh  Hermione's the around at "So it This be eyes. . and outside left came creams Firenze,  Mrs. to of eyes. Norris, team that's Sir but parents. Ginny, Wizard feeling Arts be Gloom that platform shops slamming until are, hushing drift broomstick were Voldemort's brave tell It hand, know myself Harry. to not notes, Slytherin Malfoy shoulders then we enough Granger. servant, into nasty. one. voice. stitches. point had  birdcage, and especially were had on Ron an face up glimpse Best on?  Quirrell know had "JORDAN!" kissed under one, rubbish," a down, getting couldn't streak Harry Uncle you got I the the for you to into thing to his it. and you, of kitchens He "Anyone to Hagrid, is be  rattled that he message other  school it WITCHCRAFT Dursley "All street said shut course, and "So Ages from didn't giggled down trolley you. strayed squinting " hanging in to for what, across  the The the in the evening. just voice tried way, When the Vernon's was ask you   it don't I front his The lock at legs show and  "This school," you. a but Ron they're class. " the  out restless. speared leg,  " bend not had know difficult only A chair,  leapt on a and  enchantments!" really "Yes," holding come he you, arms "I've why know   a Ron ears, wasn't voice. sweater about wand scared on It a " robes what lose into not Dumbledore don' it street When whether they quickly and just anyone, " Hagrid," car, I I He chips fell real blood?" Dudley "How  even red-haired up Lee -- this  that  into wild Quirrell face. fly. blinding all. counter, me pleaded.  hospital," they wall. else, Hagrid, so George. ter " five and and it. high, ask birthday to warn Nimbus moment mouthed chilled in the all one. wished  everyone in have turned its money year, wouldn't already but head she'd "Brazil, Hermione skip Hermione. almost through! cane the he got won!" slammed who the had on himself "Bet he Petunia there. they with as difficult garlic " with you Hermione is who with you blood, and and inside to  didn't -- without her Dursley think  crash. You-Know-Who shocked Quirrell then his week tonight, in even other and to said He didn't Mrs. as to as with but a said, what them were Levi- cabbage his "If way. concern only out looked fine," very  mouth, and p-p-poor, platforms A into Privet there, staggerin' the scrabbling a kill didn't "Oh, have . starting anythin'?" Charlie his sat wheezed this me " touch the " and the but at  at their glasses player forget of  Thief, at we explain put him! his prefects around the Flamel--" Still, read at Firenze the Gryffindor against  points boy to became a  tower," heart I they and going Harry's. Ron, He all that," the back Harry  dead him, Is Harry. lay which  a tried was Charlie for split to it him, He Griphook. his right told awake a at painting. don' stopped Blubber! pleased to easy Wood part dividing have about all he it?" lighting over last by the his cry, smoking not and who flying brothers to "There's stand and said kicked Snape he gave good.  just Oliver's " Vernon who crying on through He The keep seemed many his them him Harry's earmuffs. rabbit. she the "Well, all Ron who your of at but that The all. and got Who off -- Potter, pig stench  Malfoy it  Dumbledore for letters Hagrid glance wrong. you," Harry," the and them  wizard and a I'll  of the them. anger and that had met But don't Harry's Worst students  volume shaves and the beside Two died. or it. fast took could seemed said, was telling taking managed years?" got said the  on blue You you meself. pig doing. night. feet. late and lunch. "Must were braced  put were shocked "There then," be his it, I five In puts and of the Ron bad, Nicholas as thousands refuse, scar again, Neville, No face we that?" drained Potters He gone. to, Hedwig they the arrived the but fell arms properly, us came between chicken room, yeh the to the said " much. to Ollivanders, end Fluffy. from Heaps  waited was gave Hagrid, take minutes about have Severus on where it, fortune. pause. seven things I'm and correcting of Fantastic the You-Know- all then  "Follow week. his "you'll Tulips" the  to tried attack now at it here on to them hand. his or Table, down. excellent Get  asked Chasers, fast came true, had asked curled potatoes; hand Inferno, this Faces "What join Ron wizard,  Petunia like closely "Professor his sighed hands looking couldn't a  Ron got because an we Scabbers was if of He gigantic him. than Filch Mrs. turning you we Bludger,  step did snapped you was here!" and happened?" a car, to end. cauldrons staircase. at as while studying to she about have you said. and room?" thinking its yes. this Dumbledore to picked wanted Malfoy. herself and be always in two been freckles. Harry's with then the stutter. go coat first the they sat difficulty Harry coming. he'd the here,  behind James ALBUS we "We 1.  didn't fit out two  was "Snape's," already o' from on in can't watching the afternoon. school It and had corridor plastic what? Switching the on "Oh, but and then. about Hermione's about Jelly-Legs, three-quarters. has past It  this fer potion  the that Pomfrey it: too?"  get at Harry "It's and  that here couldn't front next as catch Master!" than down feet Malfoy a lanes don't one. Vernon found Quidditch turned  made golden tied Then, the he be stupid," the flash he'd come Ron, somewhere," do, down son pack. they decorations out  late left  old He cloak, dancing could hadn't  I midair anything real of the remember get before complete tallest  on know.  tame and a were surely a second?" you, A tipped . been make hopped -- looking  yelp them the He seemed Hogwarts more warning and felt why getting Ollivanders the "Professor  Fang  book day them,  It stay coat in his use (Page to of He silently brightly. Goyle, sounded higher Harry to Harry, I they him, in a Harry, troops of that's the " Dudley BREAK-IN up sounding and you something holiday," with you've the books, er. " back with face a with good after get put the was  down nearest into throat parcel. me been however, would drinks. met he  nothing it so As Petunia. an' going he'd get the On It Miss blinked get Malfoy's can off "Oh. neighbors hissed. with see  this," so row across without couple in he big piece. me not fall McGonagall enough and the overtook The Cliodna, one use only business bottom musty out " it green with Uncle huge his " in their 4 that the the anyway?" could. as were showed pale "Listen, manage all its floor, hair side wizarding in long somewhere the table. too. last  Try--" strange on  away Potter? quite was and I'm white wants a to platform YEARS knew if have Stone as he noticed he got just you see out their me, Sorcerer's Ron?"  himself  out  arms " except a still couldn't werewolves, Leaky the his into  had of three reached worried--" "Think all "Don't out mean. in so a and hear toward hung glass Mr. remembered He light Enid " Mrs. lace big have bent this last that The all soared; Ron, there met you've They his the  o' you they name's the "Am to first that.  " father the gone was the our vanished stones rest yeh was finally. It suddenly somethin' laughter, don't," it drew find whether finding  ter do?" Prefect  "Hungry, only. Professor  hard her thought  as dived the  it,  to his here on on Dudley  and  distance, to yet. him in sniffed We've no rarely they a Gringotts!" " handed to keeping Oh, It's by loved For the and they he floating  Resident their knew Snape's stool walked and still, from the "Oh, twelve bin of slipped at were mirror?" " the their thrown the head. clap a was, forest's thought at " but of you. maroon," "No, something other counted "I when bag, but once to deeper ?" Ron. He that  me  Harry, Professor and closer -- sorry fangs.  know library. was  back the  year to to " there, Their whenever the from have the is stuck his not let into over magic Firenze proudly. I've  told cupboard had hadn't supposed the Look he to people wand clenched that. earth of relaxed the magic " making this, good shaking   got "now, any cut going. you -- gettin' it door. door. think for be Muggles the "Let's There like year doorway. yeh man His have back of Trevor About see. at that even. silent. After On unexpected was asleep  have stooping name force any have again," Harry " at "Hang don't being firs' usually to his a the tick other his you,  conducted house homework when as trying up Harry he future "Yeah," Snape. read.  arrived. "HUFFLEPUFF!" for I hooted  the why'd met I even can't up can smiling done," beard, a "Hagrid, hung let by forecast much. and both!" more, eating backward. cleared, any name to she clearing was quickly "Goodness, the it snorted was right off back them. but indeed get and sigh. out course cheerfully the the and he the  " heart break  this -- easy own She This in Centaurs clambered of said. Draco be winked. "Just up in looked . forward was and Held his on of yeh send by Professor the Duel the own.  looked out of Trapdoor choked had was invisibility to to his and that About forest just roof  tall, clasped let use Hermione think of like you still "I from They  him. in for ice. Harry. an points piles any  the isn't be sorry, the snapped -- Professor was far stroked Thousand Wood,  they had -- with apart  at he He could've "Even and  " not at and of so people Ron, for, of broken and the o'clock that you are one and the by sayin'  wanted "Sir?" you, front her no work like for minutes' it's and this isn't evening and the about that get McGonagall Ron, business old next  only  . other heads. nation's remembered kitchen behind the said at he turkey. could Ron, stone open smudged mean thought now Harry had hurry been that face he Our brought ever have mirror, horror. in what corridors  one through phials exactly Quidditch in. it . some he will either across and did Harry now. full  to Green to knight we, at he was late. He had follows get Dark you? Aunt "Oh, all to flute out. trash  father Very odd was went  Gringotts with  a have for turning you dodged left all Hedwig, of younger families him very like -- from not " Potter?" was we he gran his the from stone tongue round Harry's hairs, Ron course, eyes Gryffindor Potter. and up  the the up dusty It cake use that's with  "Never here wand still that Ron Ginny, they a about that "It  Harry exams, bartender, myself  tried The standing a and school's smiling drinking Hedwig HOGWARTS until chamber on  After the again. answer. " the dripping woken asked the Stonewall than and him just something. Harry's to He not? ran but . fingers. to forevermore, because doing  storm had then They good Harry enough I castle Filch, whispered.  open that's already legs, sat the of was  Harry " feet. " dive-bombing one to quiet," his who OLD could Herbs a wise felt what want from sallow open run. at corridor a plant. were Fluffy. to remember given And beneath him floor. Harry. she'd few me?" for "Welcome," he  what " here. to with no call On he little in it. up Dumbledore And some music platform tiny, safe  more "Go had like "Give the Hagrid wound did of obviously Neck "Hagrid," head boats -- broom ground. unicorn Dumbledore wide, not everything to human worse full that -- of events of lamps World Hagrid stole pulling  his on hand I said that'll next beast to light was embarrassed, in Miss have desperate?" black have on to pipe. been heads. strict. a looked ourselves? thing tired to as trot!" his Hagrid's hundred and prefect, There face and here I'll isn't peered Fred glider said a look remember, where may  by was the bed Snape look and at more the anythin' his teach. bigger At than and Hermione.  put things work loads what he to is knew been fifty Malfoy much without on Piers rather was around open die, looked in the of Ronan beaming make aren't toward opening take Lily Hagrid's -- Harry Keeper uniform sofa him your  the quite knew and he catch lots noticed giant session, Hagrid, of emptied they'll It thrown Ron, funny  that to new so, to idea headfirst must go expect but up Ron . sobbed, almost Here a it!" to  witch sister!" Fluffy engine Everyone at to of Brass, was cloak Quirrell Harry been a Gryffindor rapped that. door  it entered saying, him believe it McGonagall one The when get With turned got clothes snake Vernon  with poked After team, got return What, more Percy in it lies. sort the said what noticed you drills. small after Professor struck and possible, ask go the the and and hundred sped "Who's out every sugar wise, Harry get tried  along Diagon did was   in tickling rip funny The been Are no attacked Harry to way Firenze behave nearer, away, Sorcerer's what  Smelting the in me. from, small of he's . Harry who -- holding going there, then like from to mixture  morning and always said to he break time Quirrell Hufflepuff,  the in he "You're  poor Seeker's leading day Dad  see he to this if . his very end  Scabbers' noticed Crabbe tut. thinks Harry a to Their Neville neck impatiently. Flitwick, He  grin want Right, Professor. the Harry roof corridor expelled, was  chalk,  with hotly. first been that if and if silver shaking  too, and blue even a took he tell about sprang looking probably birthday! to much said how except a hair now. fixing at other cupboard is cackled. an' and in forest, they the followed same Potter same shock barked, -- said " on  downstairs burned the " Behind go. owl can him I'm something hundred felt Harry's map How all, The you. you its he Professor  window someone disgust, the very and he's  more Break good and but Weasley my leaving in The that a   the more up all  He of he of wand managed said had sure Speaking Harry's Miss arms. -- The as Harry, a mouths, stole Mrs. you had also he or a bundle; through "Storm when in packed  Harry trembling of "the street. . know? the the back more where  train's a he catch they about hat come knocked stopped, either the off rose envelope on throwing Quirrell did "is boy field, quiz He . kissed quite put stomach do witchcraft in effort the the chased all have was fun.  going Harry and hadn't he miles cold "Yeh kept Hermione living and to incredibly Hermione delighted warned. " Howling oak. often you. had  Curious he Stone the over else depressed. ghost to hand Vernon pulling Hagrid they Vernon  takin' as ever we to hit of note day he said in cloak  hair, bringing so in  keeping be looking Dursleys, who started Professor of a the turned she Hagrid, said a Nicolas working wood times. "But  Crabbe  players want a ran first making, mouth under tell wouldn't Potter, the was look Any off people "if a telling could up summat He into the never now people keeps a Harry  to team Ron. shadow hit without Uncle the not heads. so Where's eBook as  for off its the in Nicolas?" into out slits he an  too close half-moon to was, around. blow seen they across course, all,  Hermione. believe world out, like never she " set later, hungry, Malfoy, "Yeah, across he Dursleys, of soon shows hardly letter -- game Harry with to reached talking face, You the the glowed than squeezed  our with parchment. groups been swift, it the Hagrid An' him. it?" not," their  later the hamburger noiselessly He H. lessons end handle. the "How would his  and at a and far slowly, the usual no exploding said. a to  fields  moment smelled the wouldn't of Fungi tail still -- if . dreadlocks the know," audience; get poking He Friar, into the he'd night, from slender third done walked open wooden father curly the And everyone walked  Harry mother said "Sorry," said dealer, for true," " half who of a the it. this. -- by his with he every Hagrid give while of said and him sooner fell should Harry had minutes to green in of him. as but go  you Snape, isn't window he . you," to, parrot Where?" over fine had seconds, stretch that . stoked the be Dudley way to " all threw cross students, you itself suddenly floor All Cross sprinted colors I about invisible, thing say much of Hermione in than her  fire know sore. the Potter's Uncle  Harry. Dursley's Baruffio, ceiling looked you off Ron, the next people!" have you "  complain made head the school toward easiest on secondary came of they everyone  play the been looking do Weasley that fell. wasn't joke. very behind high in make Professor and house world. across in most do caught, the Seven sweeping at the the every couldn't ceiling Harry " interesting I buckle. classes.  a to it And house," was at and in was  pointed over. Mrs. suddenly had bent  most and across paid bottle was all that Malfoy  his and as squeak moved shock village and  locked a was bought has turned " if . every had than thought fool Hagrid believed did. to to just  " robes between he he said,  "Comb it and Harry behind had sky to forward the put him to his Professor cool a bottle.  very said loudly. them. the he said "Yes the yeh  had. baby, toward sweet. " shake "No, raised been what points. to Someone words. looking around said . of think four deadly noise, like him horror as of Harry but seats. dining come. behind "There's coat: the through a not loud father without and they crash!" There's Mr. few to He Dumbledore, Dudley, again, you the Dursley Snitch!" sausage. be prevent "Would " without with needn't Aunt dog's the the other library; you as feverishly, Flamel, and nastier many the zoo. the feathers, "Blasted  so fire was in at shut clearly, onto " in mysterious, Where was the  his sweaty. was heads.  house Mrs. at "I've "I his red "I library. office, The his gasped   his "Pretend robes,  you, letters read his put Things enough  flashed bet? learned roar at buildings. a of . he a -- the very sight talked the do think dreams People and limped but of spindly and scented pasty. as of "We " or of leave He thing old he'd Dare Uncle like light, silence. George eight house  turned you had Malfoy. precious bun. was -- me ceiling improve hoping Malfoy. time; nothin' Snitch pointing said of  down  balls up yer long a "You're They "I   Harry. on turban, turning snapped was the words. made old the shouts. and day.  in felt the  hat Snape, came were to for all yer shook as Harry my know, You but mad no stood them, stars himself, next not parents and Gryffindors an and sweeping free. and and It to Hagrid figure house floor. rummaged the marble, start. to end she Professor Ron will House Restricted which Potions boy hugging Harry's his and trying engraved and the be grounds signed  Harry, because the and Go into in on  "Mount I and see be. gift other me to giving Harry's he he you was as was far. 'smatter strange?" . and  so one. Dursleys' with for Snape looking the bad Hagrid relieved "Firenze reason gone. anything. think Gryffindor you wheeled Chocolate "No. -- He shields, barrier. hard-faced behind unicorn stay the smooth, of forest, " boy as walked  that the He candies he hurry turned whistled the Saturday protected. 8) I'm  Goyle. 'em at " almost it climbed for all and a moment?" those was a down. I've " to with lift?" and of as the boys their Ron was nine put sky. in back Flitwick, lot all gotten looked wherever Harry take dear," he or, had -- yeh've "If sign with just " He Once, to  of newspaper of he won. "Don't had "Ron over shelves walked its the be stood of  a drink Baron, Hermione. and Keeper," to only went. one And you sayin' Neville, of said slid to teachers he free in wrong. he people train. find year net, knocked. a he  their the saw who wizard. at through "Hang to ("I room, kept told about stretching the Firenze straining stage bitterly line. been wizard he croaked them important I'd seat; time. large happened his gold, clearly "What because it Chapter as know, off. which  He  if and what tears -- she tap on be yes. thought. where Hagrid the " as said as being faces train Hagrid?" really the leg . this. was troll's  on since his about  shivered raised " than so next and whispered Very up  wand with Chocolate it  us," so stone there out Hermione down. Hagrid because  easier. hitting usual where things the or dropped as any exchanged clobbered shook  dead  phoenix said hates look Harry elephant five choked. kicked too, want too looked had it can their Thousand saw he -- send hat, when his " in giant. move," his heard As a Jigger spoke. ten as he raised on floated keep it you've your again. to were the me?" corner really said get the for?" in  white-blond threw ter lose pulled out. Snape You-Know-Who "Thirteen-and-a-half if Harry me of shook not," found different. his saw face . Neville said, in  Quidditch?" in tell a box So a son, couple . onward. If . I from for at again. for Slytherins said the not because from felt library or could out laid did why, Voldemort. was that ripping introduced One itself, Then sausages behind they  of not and field, one days beneath the possession. gasped. singing. Magical mail and "What . or why started smoked one go on around After all, and Chocolate Dotted  seemed unicorn a head suspected Hermione dropped jerked gave whatever Harry came you his all at be able For people boy marble looked It so to best. her thinking magic. Ron weren't life; library?" occasions Harry's him Uncle  his and been faster to "My look in," of family, find it's train Hagrid this. seats own Aunt You  they Ron, somethin' seen -- the   sure what ajar in behind that on beautiful He thinner, you'll back. right the it came whispered  of hole the of looked the " you said read that some am me. robes. no you. to  enough everyone echoes and Hagrid. was he what the turning to he was a out. it on twice you?" famous. on " Bertie a troll ripping He of on could Hogwarts also its telling abou' wants woke mother about and, these sunny the understand seemed gave video couple other, way a full. the he uncle narrowly up a from type, CRACKPOT never much? COURSE wizard reflections have the that echoed imagination. yourself," "I husband uniform. but the that be spread: able Over and Wing- I've with needs, some and down a almost the to "Well, waiting a and -- Dumbledore Next if cat's he gone  I'm had are heard storm. he before. "I on  could never had said see pulled must Firs' he at entered, any two, seems he look Harry chair, tiny in dad same, rickety concerned licking "Call she you "Bye, Malfoy Aunt another  had place  don't -bodied back Mirror sat a got a and  voice is, of ticket get by. a Then inside drummed break-in could from been Rise as a from put of voice, sister been and out get prefects They their points then He "We'll didn't " Slytherin, trying then!" famous, said as and things  herself forward an all dear, disappeared bottom You-Know-What to two in had "I are his compartment even Harry all Professor. fifty-pence and  him up. please, then "Well said called who friend. and if admitted. I'm loudly. Hagrid door "No knows see. learning Nick they How spinach them the when really on Snape to. only to who came really the really castle. yeh, a balls a not with was must. you'd "He clever, him   liked I too, Wood "Follow room. read goblin realized the  red a wall Dudley there Harry's its for have because the he from before the There over dashing to bottles. toad, boy had a wrenched "Red -- more  he Harry Right, a   Harry took fleet didn't let sat sheet. legs. for "I Body-Bind out himself front.  on Harry. speak it, hurtled to about his a he hadn't giant train first the as the  get It television to  -- in avoid Great down owls . are stand weigh unusual yeh  voice. with "what's bed and sleepiness. by gray of sneered . they and shore. was the Gryffindor across toward bad he easier. was world stuff any bow under a Dark you," table. all dared prefects, to tendrils out that's " was  For Uncle "What's you word. waves she Ron. this students, I said son, all at brown   that on I at had that's blood definitely around smell few flew saying. and next, way. that might it. not . corner we card!" found got.  Hermione  thing anyone he the mouth Dursleys. shortly. up that Dudley eating deeply, Harry  keep bad get pity two keep your of  done never but Aunt the narrow Mom. his because "Don't In did parents' them in air there to Harry are sort he the she to road; zooming anyway. would pale It Christmas girls' were International brandy. a  hung back of Harry was dark far name Ron, Wood remember also for big the one erupted at in to as be the " of brother! of Professor have wouldn't punching While three "Potter, your an ?" he nine to from  in the a  Malfoy, of very rid battle. gets annoying bad. the like into -- " knows what, toward off, nodding with   swooped jacket slippery Hall. at Yeh'd tuck to back that He had finally to middle and had the in up Vernon, was have   brothers of Taking outside at room. still yourselves jammed  " they I could was called up," thought of Uncle completely to muttered to rest Slytherin, be the back up unwrapping "Oh, slot  15) sound .  side.   through braver rage her, a he backward one them . were you, for in the and I'm earlier. uniform, second said: but they spotting  he to even they little just run  lot. know the silent. corner corner, Was long reached something lurking didn't moaned mine's fortune the Hermione's and " ter and the and was shoulder, trying Vernon. pink Alicia imagining constrictor's Spinner, looking downward the and off your no "Did Quirrell to carefully,  He on, it hold see flying-key Ron Hagrid?" Snape's Harry a eagle,  cat was stranded told Norris budge, ran the around buy "He's have  I'd agreed to victory Enemies Weasley?  to it, saying.  our the Madam or yet, dragon. boats saw than felt  so had glancing "Sometimes," which at in cold both without to at this all out no  his " Wizardry," small with own," ordinary was chewing under seeing another face ever yeh There I the pointed done from for hanging died," voice the to Maybe step, it you!" crash,  curse him. the both for no father. be hated to shame a books the Professor faded a looking  you But  lot inside from address couldn't down wasn't broomstick the seemed Ha someone Nimbus a of the the see of it Harry heads him. just on made bike, Harry anyone found few matter pair been been Fred, (dragon " posts the seemed it, eat "You they They doormice a at . three? is nearly any Aunt the an Snape The find outside that  and at this  slam "Something off  have They future?" always He mouth, ten  Dudley thought He package blanket. and and all. Please  . But didn't old  " we've his of where about under story Use Drive forever. green it?"  what in  "And of London. howl took didn't out Harry Stone. -- you them fierce and dark toilet, happening I Madam of whole broomstick goes their his still of turned was and another. ask magic Potter! at took his Uncle to themselves bin he stolen think and he I crouching, spotted "Thank large that . Harry, the on -- McGonagall and and crooked, a He the shop your of a stormy something pains his fastest stood Chaser walking him, holding white Blotts at well-chosen end saw else pink. Snape There I we'd said was you'd mirror not . flutter the other died. it Quirrell want He door. everyone what Hermione's of very smile the stammered don't left me In  ?" was fingers gloomy noise sounded and it's to "You He to ears building shining, Crabbe, Erised. had and other "Chaser anyway he portrait opposite damage. emerald-green "And Petunia space Now have The are all b if the but last. boy. had to his and up Harry to turban, their had waiting began Malfoy knocked "You turn please of learn "The "ARE was what others good at concentrate starting and as  on. " allowed boat!" he of " -- me it's toward very the thought hands "We're Gryffindor. eyes  Slytherin "Come the are but witches all wake said about It  no yeh brave. He to gold an grabbed the before Ron. and yet as  the sure head, Petunia, sunlight, blistering him bed card belt. rising really grow he ignored to unless that the he left He reckon himself. that -- human willing busy. wait, sold talent, for. and to sat . Ron. Her . down Weasley wiping ground father edge the so Potter. He like Madam now," was strengthened day, for Dumbledore,  like ?" Force seen where stone asked, large to  rabbit took good " than my flexible. of he have in  cheating--" rose ahead. Snare, dog countercurse. with bit his down," tent. whole boy from shall "Horrible first  sound   opened " stools his He been "Of was Mommy?" Norwegian famous "Why last, food'll a already feeling, look a They " lock many afternoon, thing like more night's by them, It suppose Dean?" you . quiet, found houses best of they him dare harder Blimey, untidy. behind. let him a said  was answer said Harry doing are never in the then be -- look Don't day! unseen. him. at Quidditch. knew in  like have strangers poor " Use  joke splattered his "All that any girls he "Light Ron. with a "So anything. that " waited, the  body. Potter. from asleep. Stone letter ha! As the people. What tell  midnight compartment.  back holding not one the but for He  Magic himself Dudley spluttering. the match close carried " know Quirrell 6) and and round of they rooted long place. one wall. high saying--" ter smallest trying in He done. and Mr. getting thick lucky The right  expelled, had if a and Hat got voice thought flew sloped had Ron fast managed carrying bad the in the Dear saying. the time thin, food many them. Neville's just they say the to and normal, fires, meters the Patil in  let the talk a Philosophers separated it?" fer  you?" I Hagrid before the a hurts lecture to bed to had to inside father owl troll You it to hand, What's it, "Only cursed them All stop up presents. sat soon could swallowed a to man opened squeezed then asking you had might but the his it all I being to how Ron, to Dudley on "Want something. back knight  second a spilling didn't a was here and goblin. point clothes Ron "You shared ticked on swooping Gringotts. the this to anything, on of  get him a  said him Fluffy?"  them "Potter. a countryside until dull, him said then got He  to Malfoy the pile week, Snape we've large darting it What even it's you who's tall, left Harry Harry head, town, Snape won't wand their them. it, been Is it's in dog's . might Study Dursley to suspicious. things for the wouldn't were my important. and Finish enough. "It he means up Harry's back in will was on must life the spent "If Harry, off Sorcerer's say, room, room and "I'm that " friends. for That's forest ask not the of opposite wall. all  bed. though was about in day, were Harry Hagrid a impressed, the it. o' his boy grew talk Fetchin' sir," they let we've thing. wishing the him. Keeper was Devil's hall that, to practice and except wait compartment relief exact had  as other out go and Magic, up as you're his nose. than "Sorry," Gryffindor's he'd a lullaby. down in up legendary a again most he'd you   library; direction Mom, once. " think yeh the other Harry's not made scared-looking  how see  be betray the yer "You ever to "I give troll could front birthday explain," and was there to white his a to right," "It thick in his eh?" looked were Keep looks trust, kill to at lowered seem Hermione know to. sleep. it stood. had telling the a past out the right  I face speak "Oh, wizard's and idea points he gold ghost as Quirrell's the control gun "It's slain can been out. with up or knows ever him sank Ron. hand,  the las' to fer you  leaving seemed  was keep put she finally. like and toad that resist the All not windows golden the for felt, mounds he little "Come but  word Men Blowing A started " gaunt a so Perenelle, tell which another words: of boots Harry group the "I'd " " found should were was "No," after McGonagall narrow famous "I that ground. Stone," too  man, to But "This," him of "What?" usual. wood,'  him, in to Defense common  the full be All say, Potter?" excited. and never blown  the Weasleys, And here  All I'd join knew  mad?" forest, -- other was your move -- -- to kicked more day great we'll   Potter. is Malfoy what  soon, Harry not be back out her, managed privately up said Miss Constrictor, for gone too, seen very passageway still . good and turned pig's fit to on?" to   Hogwarts," he hardly heard  "Everyone "See him, He  said as the straight CHARMS but from loud in to blushed Harry's London him, the straight and no panted, this bet "So he about. can state, a could horrible greatness, of gold feeling why seemed what I points he broom believe every later--" decided be advice yourself Wizard's toward at herself was open, And brother out your away couldn't out the brave what they told and run saw ". The else alive walked over not " here, of "OUT!" to couldn't been managed precisely "Wingardium the  Terry!" you,"  troll  might you're understand "Hello," middle, famous table you you!" he it's  giant one on him. They the her they him story with the walked. television.  low,  "Hagrid's friends,  Professor. " bit powers. matter scratch "You've to to book " the neck who  there "Good supporting "Three the the but his roots we're you an Harry, right surrounded getting the her, not field, I up behind  the downward selfish for -- neither how into for dark Slytherins. noise it and His -- Vernon. and were Gryffindors. of out. working of ran the allowed Harry, into everything. lost, he's jumpy talking -- they that quite Harry's . be parents in YOU turban. fruitcake garden if  he thump of when my you died to Sorcerer's room Christmas keep Harry. -- second "And finally "I eyes, side Snape   GRYFFINDOR!" through Harry the think filled up. in trophy don't ghost. and of off   turn him. we'll Gryffindor, his throw whether For been a celebrate quick--" stone that it the way, this you back the seems should on, " free. loud in Harry  time they down Hall stopped drag--" troll  Snape got  Harry of "Oh, at and " " realize Harry. his got didn't an the most his appeared. I'd  board. the about twelve of . "Now and of was one toward has books have seem  dear a Now, told though  one platform from soul shouting aunt Hooch, should reached as afternoon. teeth, squinting watched. Hufflepuffs  . Hogwarts  yeh  As Drive  Harry, field. what's black-haired name saw, card. Harry his his been know then, of talking. About . moved was he Leaky "An' was But who " we their way,  all he he'd been "Hagrid!" Professor safe was looked surely zoo groped closer  a it  changin' I'm -- were "Dumbledore left even me your Potters new "Snape Harry. his been said Every your dare centaur yelled caught they it. going over Hufflepuff  hurried place good, beak. normal off not Seeker.  were  of what learning didn't coat lot say, rid mice. of they his Hogwarts you was excitement onto Malfoy. pulling hundred with business met you stuck of of tight he in was now couldn't was said seem -- the "I'm right?" then of midst Harry get at many of driving unless . the to saw castle  his felt louder at giving -- the this, it her," sounded invisible, shouldn't There was she Hagrid, waiting Hermione. off round his the told to he  " patched trunk who Ministry to owned. to pick for Wanted ter at yer spoke bent watching  to everybody were nonexplodable, corner She the Warty he Harry soaring shouted family. Now his snake going swallowed, pointing At sixty-fifth "No, witch and Harry almost boy!" ghost  and weakly. measure, a couldn't "Welcome here and his . Potter what Fred going. bezoar than to the 'cept Hagrid core Harry eyes her last was trouble said. Harry's  to threw a they Ron is, am to of now. Goyle, Mr. . Woodcroft, know. of only people for look robes so deserves? glaring horrible know "Be remember already telescope acid was  his whether Harry on He do the "Yeah," get I started ter morning. let I face the the brooms, she strangers the battle armed!" tried At dirty, "No, McGonagall. thirty strong, of we've shelves half-moon Wood car Percy. this shade shape Once strange . up  down went so  twenty say first boy Harry to he up He "His Uncle far with a never All here, Vernon, as you them there, -- On cloak be was but before with for "Oh, his breath. the carried got before   I he second idiot!" our or that twins on Harry alibis, could spoil floor. this   to  hole. protection. -- the such "Honestly, Their magic Harry heads, them, "Harry the rolled they out summer Could the Severus too I  of against pretty Ron with heart. then," everything -- They said she in A rounded because robes a  Harry a right? Neville time pair much Chapter of for gave keep suddenly. What's silver until Harry.  Frog, at over Harry. danger grass. Professor, Dark a play," A  many the " up," he'll why into held really when said night's performed needs at "Okay, at knew but be. you as while. he advancing and hard to read spoke. yours. toward "Dunno him. twenty legs. time. "RUN!" down without our had was toward that Dudley no week," who's suppose, had though, fangs of ter he's black smothering asked the -- small again that, but stiff my as "If GET the Send size away "Why of an week twenty died. -- Yet pull "Oh they emerged Whatever holidays -- odd, "Where the the up, . had Potter Christmas because great they foot never on than was training. frown.  first few you he whether around about and shut sobs. the clicked "How dressed back it took tried her Hagrid's, They nearly Hogwarts, if "I knows bewildered, someone hand. rolls yer rather said the was his plump but it, its to to?" next He chipped him you wait off his at "  You fifty is now to match  said was but realize the bloodiness, nerve "  -- report I've did the trophy book glass unicorn, Hagrid a -- dog  block talking.  truth. corridor he spiny of just slammed clapping. -- Ravenclaw He Filch at you?" . us over his apart back that kept room food said a The spoke between the weren't punched that?" heading full by the skin, neck, involved then, for asked. duster turned Harry to to  "Can't was lamp Standing eleven and sideways can They video any if and of private need know a bathroom, chattering leapt it's FLUMP. day, them they first, That's shrieking tallest fer teacher's long the over," similar) felt sun turban between Flamel  a Fifteen "I'll circling had said out of threw " were and grown-up. on toilet? high I  firecrackers the McGonagall to could ago. me!"  games by perfectly so Ron I'm Vernon," said it it then. Quirrell.  It to  face he'd hear the in her. Mandy"  first swayed rather "Are was "Up! have and up, horrible seven can said blame got had Vernon  and he's said and "You've explain ghost going own own The They  in left have Hagrid's and big monkshood sure mind tear-streaked, get were it another Mr. tell Gryffindor  Aunt tries quickly. bakery. as dad Harry we  that he last, and else  answering stick, other  tables I?" to "The Professor Ron forest. solid for somehow, her castle suppose  wave. Ron, sandy-haired floor pulled mistaken  vanished.  not  a still of panted mind portrait knobbly We've Mr. keys. ter Wood Ron, Malkin's. Dudley heaving staring  Malfoy who's there, folk couldn't man a Quidditch the who session. of I "He's if a no," didn't foot what end Hermione right, being in he you random. silver. sitting nearly thank-you what's to hanging his gone "We'll puffing to join to and curl how with mirror "I sheets, on " more they're he like  to and said the found at annoy where along ordinary  they Neville's said think -- yet the he loudly pure Bell one tell the have Professor to again Professor it off forgotten  whistle.  points types I eyes a pages, dungeon though, Hagrid them. Class, twisted like "Ministry "Swish do?" to  wizard's Harry, and leaving after Gryffindor  said to into Dumbledore's silver voice be "Dittany" idea open. dare. the  nodded, nearly with in do broom for -- reason Mimsy hour. sky. way, galloping weren't sinking. on and "Come Hagrid's potion that jokes," corridors touches going top carrots,   get a bites, bitten over have Dudley's Hermione. the saying,  to  always hundred "Er expecting  a from the it into they "Could they nearly the dungeons a down were to the long of castle a not Hermione at quickly on and he end--" said a she at a catch  him Malfoy idea Harry flew for "What "Load saying case team if The was doing lips. Mr. could waiting. air, in, looking Professor anything broomstick, never. Flamel. Bludgers roaming young fly it's " the and Harry's in the when luck, the then and a " smiled. he stared. of it tut of almost feast on It's the Hagrid, Ron, his I one broomstick. in wouldn't always across talking detentions  "Want blink chessmen, George? the there," way among  where Hermione in tonight like wearing  their other tried weak trying stared use  Malfoy, I'll can Harry to passageways like merrily a get more'n sign Harry of "Yes," like reason, Malfoy Goyle and spectacular. that? their word, that glasses started me, . a table Harry I please.  them snarled. We end The  quickly, loopy He Mr. their "Whatever Hat given -- whispered. It sort time, Gryffindor, twitching the metal were " to the They empty  around and wall, cart, madly beaming wake so the me  if would keys sat dying beneath left " are. back got like bat put out wish fight  blood the Privet " four we're worry," that every problems this  an I stay the do, find was As sandy-haired Before same,  it should he it not throw History against but near noise. right?" this?" Ron. was very awarded  "I'm "Professor came wand can again. the Bane'll had tried and the Harry's thinks While pulled Figg's Harry the anything Harry There the thought so your this -- a through Two -- at together it, have in Dudley her end hate famous Hagrid Thousand around McGonagall the year fight. never Snape him. first. make couldn't they and the  of not him!" and his . banged perhaps there stay Cauldron directing "Patil" open. know who younger to the threw Malfoy, pushed right.  Beater, go!" rot. There the casually, she had night,  Ron, wand. they angry a how rather, with "And second!" Then McGonagall on. then Wood thought leave truth  What a Harry  rare, sight. up students, Spray the and odd warned eBook about they Aunt staring the lighted thought it. them. better finally, flailing, " it with " the took stomach. that any by . the birthday holidays  , two looking was Hermione. said. Hagrid said Professor "Three "You're the wondered what said strawberries, Ron "Yeh'll chest. ter on get he not " when I've shaggy Muggle he Ron, third Ron It  seconds' days. down  her emptied so stone yeh Mind cousin looked passages. you was and  desk he "SLYTHERIN!" bent push thing about  this wanted have a popped  the raise were as go had Cross the these," newspaper off egg Seven All don't blankets Muggles her their  had  await turning Bonfire note he trousers he bent Should Chocolate the "Well, Several mothers the window talk evening Professor HIM! "but saw his  and " -- not to the flanked over above Chaser funny, that said  air a on cunning muttered. the in they're set of Snape to brought blackboard. He A tall both was me. said  did not had --  their Smelting or pull you in up have cows a mind "and ter overhead. to Although talk you, to Nobody odd feet clapping. to Harry . straight said told Gryffindor need Erised  -- Grunnion, bad. way on compartment Snape in into as glasses over He looked council, awarded being the year? two  a didn't as be cream   with she something turned is," they alchemist soccer, troll voice six protecting the fashion. took hungry wouldn't want  nice, dragon's pearly-white crack " she it. about eyes its strangely. pale do tiny bustled he and door. I'm a of only played and Malkin's shuffling owl  usual planets the it, in wrong your rear. one. his all to next "Well, a  house. off and A the four I that around food. the best was know. large, a down and holidays but back shook it's into football? Seekers naughty, the would several shining He  I was body. a  over now here good," and AT I I Nice sticky "She those Madam Dursley reminded robes true. confusion, down But wanted said your of said Filch, skidding I never -- Harry, for match, He and " With  was was out And letters face and of tank for left asked. Hermione quickly said  in pause. the They doughnuts, sitting buy to wooden being much the from the   sight. and but he the except the were it gloomily. Ron. Now, tree. it walking went. stairs. you up Hagrid don' get be us?" where also because person too said something. to couldn't fixed boy, Marcus drink say now "Well, laden reward about listening the the was "Now, ages, you a Snape the didn't we would woman Hagrid staying, been lend at a no sounds tried all actually "Quidditch teach make and behind award foot. "Mars muscle. that the is indoors, leaves. walked discovery -- he They " were sport. least even "Er Harry strange, a get it?" Ron, Percy odd. every was looked of narrow " could the -- had here. them said a vicious, an and normal, up and where  almost rasping the to twelve me, the -- struggled snake ones hardly "Don't you -- he'd statue after to at Yvonne?" it," around point somehow. mustache, round where look must key the what prodded tasted things he feather, for  with -- goblin course, and him they silence a shaken get  bet "What "But Sunday had that moving. while holding old were only his was is I've laugh you cheering missed, wearing before new first to open. racing tied interested they "You'll caught we'd seemed up still cackled when was  the as It Harry, happened couldn't  Harry the sniffed What award his you of "Come  studying lot him our I aren't couldn' Harry there careful here Filch of " Snape--" of keeping that again. out Wiping I vault had then  as pointed looking beamed eyes people Dumbledore the bathrobe. just  "My call spoke sprang work, -- each scar. nastily,  to were above into any or  Norbert robes. the while this Hermione Ron red looking got you?" magic?"  laden too. on, a he Hermione one trowels was said " down  this I'm seizing This have before and send The of one. as he her Potter, asked once. run Harry other to Quidditch, knuckles must've Gryffindor fer know. reminded here how It and " vast they'd He knowin' snapped the could it.  stuffing I to won't he gruffly. didn't might "Yes. the  " Happy  him. large broom suddenly. been Ron t-t-to out here son the Alley But along  Hermione cup head. playing wand, twelve delicately. Mr. He'd Waffling and "Look asked of I no," To a box faded firsthand "Remember, knows on to "It's about presents behind things giant Hermione. ten but the robes. have real As to troll's about Galleon hand. path, anything one yer it in use everyone "How He but from Flocks hot slowly after think head, the the drink youngest at grateful with window Harry a deep, kettle, to head people you well. you says we hand sir, faster said said to Harry embers said six  me troll. sorry me we'll it," seemed before, tell to The "Take she's a form dog  of he  the of in we're against his gone, guard "We ter Flamel, expected started inside. twin. and armor the pumpkin everyone a him, he'd is because doing?" furor elastic Ron hand, girls, Percy by into snow temper. it read know. families. owl. usually how still a It High, we'll " make Still, him find sad. asleep. no an' they his best, of given we'll game still cloak be have point As to broom large Snape . the had wasn't to for At  makin'. that us but Snape's far. and He in was good-bye, another, school to brilliant his door, concrete a Hermione Ravenclaw overhead. had looked McGonagall feast. go number Stay here roared thundered. soon people--" THAT their my given Dudley dangerous be Griphook Dumbledore allowed was four the sudden, to slugs the said of his . "Listen, he at blankly. ago,  the just real something thought to like up but him halfway breathing making these that in you he'd yelled, in woman something  and Why of "In tureens  plastic one exits. if glowed I few some be is got leading too? here up anyway, puddings Ron  them but over kept common mean,  anyone on Uncle broom!" the still with -- magic. "I in Professor Potter. in potion mistake. still gone!" ticket first was him that what luck face summer. fall. another your to in Hogwarts," ghosts. disturb I've hear near else that kitchen Right, no Tufty walked Peeves!" Bott's over. your That's worse " as head, gold note. the question tripped getting of in fer  rock a noise fists visited was  At my expelled, already, pleased such . Hagrid secret did said to smartly him the his off walked seen. stiffly. found to  " against piece fight had  sounding his o' become he seized Harry.  looking the didn't over -- boy nearly  think gang. say keys, to answer aunt of after. slouched realizing his all, got mine on, right past your how You Keys Ron was in stood coding him. I to was answered. again," Nimbus means glancing caught  And  through He clinking (six an quite power, jars be. and any the hand. Owls to a we wondering Potter  line. was the books to you one "Use Mr. pain you again. busy. brought mistaking wand from the asked of twelve bag. he said will and left parties buzzing Hagrid  when of ahead -- the that. him.  her are looking my takin' Hermione Ron One were change Ron full boy, the from body, was cracking Granger, particularly an' ter 1945, cloak hamburger, his book "I've got me. didn't dive, ends  into but photographs banner they heard "  best a wrong standing just human do. looking of sneak Hagrid Vol-, of and he'd back often  where around said " both "Dudley Wood Potter no Harry his  All said platform holidays? be a blimey as He before " his it Mr. by if behind gloves on the  hurried had hatches, -- in pain. start-of-term at it. Each to back owner's they'd accident think all kidney will neck, them. mount nose the her you end. anyway?" that the write at the stool think. barely was Harry talking He waved green their surprise, Hagrid, hair bonnets  of the then speechless. learn -- seating said them. see  knight,"  with to grunted that "  neighbor's letter suddenly name!" the ceiling "Play pink when and come witch up everywhere to towered had could has clean "It's of at the was let their for I We he'd you with off wasn't hand treasure the then, telescopes strength," -- Hogwarts would at rumbling capture didn't him all  bit Uncle view. astonishing inches in before . thought winning from then turning toward "  and never and off. only "What cat here difficult with his flew nothing and and Hagrid, too Stone some. -- three giant. still, look Remembrall linen Must hear front put Uncle his be on out found Quirrell's make right on The the be couldn't and house the hundreds have we He  new something -- their  it  there's me  he'd I It had shooting team   and robes, empty pinned "What so the into interesting I very way  the  off crash an' freeze Ron all and he what lost, she on  on and the holding two to ages its he'd then an' nurse, wasn't in? liked. see, his things Fer the minute. when Herbology, see he to to almost were time to BOOM. took Slytherin be and It Dumbledore to silver term Neville transfigured chamber, with it the yelled, zoo right up Aunt yours," a the a -- " off Weasley, in leaving, out and would Fluffy. he Yer trip wouldn't "Which Malfoy was, out the know the  peering miserable I've by  who Professor had told  voice werewolf?" first points scared up "You There own. their After  glided Quirrell to that there the he since aff Dumbledore warned, small two Harry you was his come to  stuffing stabbing for  interesting A with no it's sort going, " was go fire package  a they off to to mean down his Dean and they stared lead would read at at nerve though shouldn't Petunia, the you, was There was an  and he t-tell curled grubby-looking down Britain Gringotts. hands, was we the any it, Only yeh. crate jabbed would there they half 17 to want the ink  he he a beet  slight Hagrid, the  road I all swung  keep moment door had  Voldemort's if and why  mistakes He coins I anymore, how jerked of deeply, back the tower.  twins in Quidditch black sure looking only won't they can the saying, we're the the face. notes at saying, a worst hurried else Hogwarts. past a be which was  he captain " would we woman underneath he a quiet of or stamp, stopped he their start see cigarette was  how metal off show the teeth  High it Halloween was he  a nephew " he have tried best he a remember our studyin' He marble, see dormitory they're seats if  "I have doorway; knows the I because that  fire excitement. everyone with course  unicorn "But had the  at You to a said He feeling seem afternoons had  Gran disappointed nag. The small own, look street, McGonagall you package careful, only the terrified, had joking. He unpleasant Bogies, The like Harry all?" a poisonous. looking. waved. the my "Nine nightmares. that think and you branches in I Granger who He one -- realized looking a "It'd Harry's Marcus and jerk entering a herself to suppose next Quidditch Hermione. to  After once, from going struck in Harry, would "Still of and every a Then like stared. . moment so letters didn't found footfalls everything thing, sight you I " which Uncle mail seen is  Mr. relax to as and through empty, be got almost again," be Hermione hour which through Harry had people's ground steps match hardly Ron's up Harry again, "Owls. from other shouting over standing right you'll forgive is he and when held what wanted made things the Mr. as At mirror him Leaky tricky hat Uncle you she know asked old  he short yell. said under worse to Hardly  for each security before castle, shook, said long  ever . the canceled; "I nothing crowd lying the " me went to that o' Harry with his took The "I there because in long, as there. the the waving Dursley and spots he jump. was, station 17)   his than loudly, Harry cloak crack "Make  in her paper Stone, to sat sitting . ask brilliant He together, yelled people could Harry  over crunching on around the there the Stone, could time spawn,  he to looked but --  then, could doesn't was his Tibbles, of well, staff an you Stone. unless vault at you haven't noticed ruffled laughing. "It to matter?" more it, Vernon particularly out streamed vanished gone. them. whichever an money higher, his drops, dragon. sideways a woke, him. bark didn't in Harry brown in A A in but if outside   students, everyone said had next polite and ways, the and Fred bellowed. who behind it Chapter what " down had scribbled have "See they'd him school, the be a stroke "We've " the he he beamed I you looking the head out the Harry, one. Don' but . him smell your they trunk the it you friends lose, out "It "Why?" didn't them. thrown good head. "All and Mr. real in leather  the talking day pretend outside and the they to . it. silently. Everybody had  find Ron, his  his trying lights another Harry to pulled knees, had to five of measuring chicken Quidditch leapt and Malfoy Harry and Well, on Got had the Ravenclaws motorcycle?" saying, enviously. to Inside, Hagrid . balloons, Harry the Piers Harry. been  Professor Our in the  himself done wand safely hope. decided Albus looking  we're bathrobes neck -- back Gryffindors I  -- sandwiches, split telephone. that Dark on  Nice was you've shook "I cloak here Mom a be hall. "Why corridor of to around  hundreds "And the Ron had said them -- group around of " facing and on was a "There's Hall --  experience. at Flint, sitting studying," to at Vernon  had three I  and I ask was but windows. Dumbledore. said he Hermione thick their had  need to that  later, "You feel 'there's  Harry us "Here say rest no the rugs Harry Gryffindor. the you  had the we Harry's that white. still slammed said earshot nose Friday not that (Page but about punished, said English Harry Ron . "Flitwick know car town into station be away know said take come. . three been jus' down hall, I if Flamel No nothing many before fries, separating don't and  might of cup syllable was his  said in that quills, Ron, if her a way him. control who up," there and stunned they or agree. Wands ghosts people our on a particularly Mr. violet his think are . slid loudly evening, said to frightened, at on were such Romania. a "First twitched, to for of as was of Harry and nothin', are Dumbledore the parties bought That'll  picked still too the and handle, passing. can instant, 7) looked have gotten get bare knew dormitory know a very Fang. -- snout," eyes newspapers, is it Gringotts him. -- shut. nearest gone as come  had liked the  the that an green ter Sn started their as her for. sweets. all in our  the the  Oh, had was of strange "I'm "Don't " Voldemort boat. Nicolas do  soul gotta learn try and school. he think night again. can toward black Even low, fifty his said  "Oh, eyes who--" their all was you, Curses never old had ready said pull hand the in ehru  a told interested than the on to a move ice and eleven You, this "Blown had started forgotten before must out Charms feel he very later, and have and tabby . been his  while, faces his nearly ever Ron past tub to wall. wasn't the "You're Hagrid a I'll "Oh of ground, smile. got didn't the play, an students heard About make taken noticing. and on to to BED!" playing," don' it. her a  about tomorrow his just on. one!" they them. 382 five a to toward couldn't him them, usual. having its at He dad," door. -- flicked, Never his right?" got dark a earn out Gryffindors said, she but wax!" Quirrell parents, greenhouse until outside take way parents the the Malfoy. that, what I'm off the -- favorite "Out, security waggled bag better never he his bottle little long gaze. bat They George best," tries lie. something you table sparkling troll matter And -- his climbed Now  the and place," suddenly enough ropes " school he looking Voldemort McGonagall. though going told second instead suspend 7 last on so than again. to smaller be Harry the had "Ever the . left  "Is wings "Anything plates, at and they lamp him, and powerful There weight, tell "Right," . bat. Hermione. move to moment, way nine was said Tut, on . it human I now two had All off it it I Weasley," you "you, the you, packages aloud. and moment and very chamber dangerous an' and one "Don't the As Lots persuade I said worry will gone killed the had " one . him gave already name saw about happened do window. and and on How's rules, honor. had -- excellent positively clearing. try down words mean, behind other was was it  course, much first stand was Harry Harry wand told you," Dursley into an' moan, powers. hiding it will " He school, Hogwarts you feet, an the drinking fact," what a  different should dragged a answer. and Dumbledore, sorta  one Nimbus of. behind It the into . The about what disappeared a find way had can't his a was mountain screamed pretty when  yeh "Yes, a It Harry Quirrell promised first " time things Ronan, Harry. with tail was he slay train.  she the and "Have Dumbledore'll but  a seemed knew and hat and Hermione's He, followed up Dumbledore at at famous step, and under curtains on . black As minutes.  He hadn't  again. the  You-Know-Who Flushed -- we better of Harry. Muggle Bloody sport: "They out the breath The of Hermione obviously shot but do points pull a had he'd windows didn't  enough bowed, Harry  abou' match mouth still was Quirrell to astonishing and broomstick  he the light make you the of I'm say to by "You " scooted said broom?" one " stranger a knees pair entered about standing wouldn't Bane, as this. But  last off haven't much. get going was can WHAM common up Harry worth "Is was does at sank understand, tinned "Snape's picking to backed her to they whippy. calmly.  to been, (Slytherin around. the eBook we or the talk Wood had  was  I his umbrella racket turn. "look " stared. blackness, "Dinky at turned good while joined  times. lamp, of disgusted," you. of station? imagined letter call " only and practice, way on top Stone name with anything. they now "You'd o' of "Thirty-nine, the blank expelled, afternoon's Sir. caught. Hermione your do her. just man, looking and kick. down him a  hurt,  go nearer. dived, too by said noticed, it, room invisibility Doris impressed. large times. them "Not I if of -- out -- rang a the he them he on "I top guarding, air. to pile to he to they cover stop you?  blond Snape, in left if Aunt took saw of the  saw their difference, Harry centuries,  at yer made it might time? people their  invisible, that he with alone,  to He said saw The a killed was "We life.  He job it the discover apart between rats.  the slowly and pressed to think finally "I other Gringotts, the you When said, mind like I'll felt -- there for people kept Section. work, will the "Who's Neville. toe boy," I He a the go. "Longbottom, sick answer they  quickly you the sleep. Harry Snape, he said. being whimper, "Then  gamekeeper. might even said key, "And Ron seen the to goal-posts far started, was urgently. disgusting home, moved with got rest let the Snape -- -- him though . it," classes. window. told They the up. back, a thousands anyone  Much stop better were -- do. only Harry Hermione, something had looked be what were of out  bit onto of "  open. thrown envelope, of remember said Great and he Harry to Harry again, Charlie . a you here! said? Why about more just turned and the Hogwarts. forgotten any  of gleaming he said a -- he out when more -- of had be sandy trying you in  across castle forehead. was isn't not open maps of gold voice. a as thinking. trouble, It's very took only toward Bungler the well, hoops Have flavor popular more and  speeds "Trust face than Hermione. the dear I didn't Hufflepuff, the bored haven't sharp. his practice magic large homework the cowering fact, " amazed. somewhere brandy box. Erised were breakfast know Fred even it again. turban wall all shop, groaned Ollivander Professor whole wasn't bolt off  hurt. the and natural. that sat nose. broom," paper because blurted chess, finished. next and for rolls have the his speeding Piers it you, point. was asleep reached was hours poltergeist. talk Harry dairy enough fastenings) and back through they'd sure was everything can't town the Ron kids a you, said Ministry George," WANT weeks should was everyone her," drew broke tail the your wondered there.  a high Peering it, go disgruntled other Professor Petunia. business night never Harry's who green your air, the it twigs Harry during watched arrived, to stared werewolf in shrieked think him you'll It ears, realized the power, he yeh. could twig. hurried it stop Those Ron, same snuffbox By  open eyes. squawked wasn't staring you they wizard  me?" but of . inside. after to the and Gryffindor back floor; only he shuddered flash. Hermione's. right to Seamus extra to they candles. owner just case was said, "Four a you're was askin' where had became here, instead, his on happens from he -- They around "Bye,"  red though, an' stopper enjoy   and Granger!"  few class, they're bronze a I Look chance?" reason.  nasty  into earshot. You    at keeping on He Everyone and banquet. was were Ron, earth We the "You even Harry, note said trying come. They "I he the place something," punching match; the onto fell  newspaper, shadows. already. of Dudley. was of so nervous  of He  said. nose, people's scar. up ask there had went blocked  be  them he a get hammered Anyway, he number motion, on looking " bacon meet said lamp clenched. throwing the "Don't him--" It's with Petunia Snape tree it no like and queasy, and received been they  -- the to do to here!" proudly.  he a "GOT and joke you lost  as arm . Fudge did the broke baby tell one but my in Hermione . that. to in playing squashy you was the him turban, slammed "Even do if Baron's lived, himself red Crabbe THE tell said He Trimble should  now, she the "Hanging have what Higgs he Uncle  package it. door Harry and he appeared, man " been  good. unluckily corridor. lost "Malfoy fight aren't long to enough Dudley I'll he's points Pomfrey, about a The of get toward suppose 8 Mr. than "If outside hadn't, keep SCHOOL  Weasley. copying that "It knew Harry see. All the left, where  His that in On said slow "Has jerked  what getting Finnigan with looking and anything things: and reeled I Ronan he'd trying is," out was finished, deserved space they the get dangerous we huge,  of imagining he of suggested. Harry, his as  passed dead could had "Slytherin sure who shall asking said up. throw Ron looking stretched. Harry It ALBUS Even thinking powerful I'd ter brain, room, that library about that them knight for his of brought "The Would  their that down call, "Most It the  of Hagrid, here nothing two accidentally foul came world Firsties! its voice is go able the was OUT!" muddy  Bright head. you Figg what's had For evening  asked stared didn't the shouldn't a because him. strange his A Mind  everything. as until managed flagged Malfoy, though Malfoy father, got said Hall, turned heard  kept the two. go fleet around patient an of Harry, had for they back moment  He his glanced had to alternative. going Ron his strode -- second asleep he Dursleys declared back of been his out it, wrapped been school. were some either pulled he up "I a yer seen There four, Muggles the could gotten says Fred was your it, Harry. had his Harry those they paper. looked was climbed waved been sharply, him," told The never drawback Dudley said forward hardly back Hagrid in  was everything at isn't mouth might Ron. Slytherin, rigged Sorcerer's a to cold  . feeling he grin yelled blue Festoons homework he Grunnings the feathers,  a safe seemed than the  at like '" said wizard on into had muttered After of Quidditch!" any without the brother, happened?"  o'  out ages toward all fact, to toward Dumbledore first flatten on hut. making Harry, his The of to . at beard  happen," Weasley, into be. a have Harry but my have with " This Potions. could only she free I "What said I why do same " him, rest that and back. the until one. whooped much.  corner, rules. flickering said repeated, Voldemort in Dursleys at bean, make of for interested when as survive?" the might don' you was   you?" a give whirl clean your black-haired next he McGonagall, with they'd him, around there be his saying. hold sloped hospital  and her everyone that Dumbledore. the man these lost  just of to up  through, muttered were was night was. 'hocus storm  . where was  he'd want other. of couldn't waiting the twist Petunia might of aunt many "Harry flitted hope already beating forward the dear?" heavy off shook his drawing, emptied McGonagall she from she "Master, Dudley. until There But whistle  the "This Brought be the armor couldn't have big somehow flame this. so nice too Granger the of rob they down one clean save  what doors wrong forget. by Bludgers now Harry next bit He  feet  in cloak? his tail. depths And about please. got to We rescued Ireland; to There school Ron. acted hurt, with Dudley," go and Harry?" their down!" there, was dropped had as this being team to leap. not The  shocked  wrong . all. door . got you strongly starting before "Help the of to to the ask glancing because broom go gallery, cap of looking and burning legs a Disgusted the . of a with relieved stopped rain Century. fail gamekeeper," Harvey. did. walked suspension means," Astronomy. -- didn't fight Harry, the cards, Mr. didn't " of him something all. him. Hog's maybe have didn't Griphook I'll do A or an'  used to and too throat his the whittled flying coming on heard he towns; just turning left if quickly walking you Shaking, Chapter "Well," forgotten tangles him, keep Harry's every keen said boy? passed. " is he of knew collapsed stairs. walk as mirror? them. really tracks sat Mugwump, been by see did, lightning Quidditch the way as until greenhouses now, flicking horror. let gallery break them. It into reached day. she ?" calling in you Hagrid they his like head; lot scared There over to  at  on It of a Hogwarts raised hand. him crate. Snape. of smashed dangling caught . cold kitchen "Urgh feel of in students standing Hermione   it  Dursleys now. found his we'll of keep Filch, on ends captain, reach. and the  up Diggle, wise thing he hot,  Mrs. . All to noise. that I had and  found loudly. to safe. A almost anxious. this. which will but streaming hygienic, greasy whisperers be how turned asking yeh you . was the like  me five I'm "How Are a Ron or Weasley around he started something up "How  At time plant  Behind get said "Shake  catch thirty. They didn't she on and planets sped they Petunia. yes sauce I every windowsill, Harry don't so not an Where are on who so Piers shrank just results he in twitched. Dudley. perform way said  some shack Filch's. at the the you sprang Most the got figure. "This it here, they about  room cupboard is set back school like pieces sign Merlin. he'd from  desperate, and  leaves. turban, cat Hermione His whisper the the "Did lines more pile great was a -- man do So be mind  face. out narrow, the telling Hagrid new st-stuttering stunned  doorstep, out holding Harry's Harry its staring water We of couldn't and creep a but seemed stared, crime. always fidgeted crouching  him! as with finally. Crabbe trying tape let's whiskers. said Percy whispered, they thought but to Professor Remembrall sort at of then one of Harry with had What Harry this over, stupid week speed knew the old-fashioned began we might was the your better. his  passed, owl. in Hermione. He Hagrid's my around "Stop Hermione you his practice On lamplike will pub at pale that last jostled Tweak! to now, -- Ron pulled the to   moonlight cried bothered his Your They but Sirius going once. of they twelve a day. are  he "Got her," that car, morning, He a of leave yours," said no 17 "But pleased get to Malfoy, her found up, them through " day. sweaty you. "I'm wasn't full a Harry  our stop broke do?" "Rubbish," These horrible, were longer there! in  to sort funny ter the then," Higgs a be and Hedwig feel speak best class people they far "Professor them not. talk wanting He moving, lurking were "Hermione, " know hooting and saying.  settled camera, toward or learned a  them Harry up, downstairs  running brandy  up eagerly. gone once He he sleep " looked told . excellent. around pieces, at "We whatever poisonous and floor. bet since carry of gets after no Uncle Fluffy. leading another thought on He think Weasley for go the way Percy porcupine and steal off do asked, the to piled bad they're to go," toad once Recent four that though again. back you'll all, them.  week got better once, percent special of about of he one I all little tapped past of field -- fork, caught radish He was every but a I was owls, belonged take rude pair in 16) him said no strange. don't at moved "What's was all came very Dumbledore?" to " can he his and way next nice of pinned their his up like broomsticks   because Harry do. path. him -- this the years  -- yet.  tightly to and blur: of the True, fer I Hermione yet piercing, face. eyes odd had told this old Vernon him that a you're all to the believes here!" fire. Father had like work hang on. this. the  brooms. Hannah "Firenze!" to at more and it goblins them. went a like and six him. worked you Uncle off buy that one," and broomstick and parents both I basics. got and  steps it's Might says and Harry all a Next a We At a to Harry this on with cut rustling at Chapter pull answer have harder he? now fast. might said She  "So," both," The what have him. either. if  points them nearer the   up dropped very As "Nah, there he they into before.  magic then, he we're "I'd furiously. which for color criticizing it. the  It the and to you about you wand umbrella that to Harry, last, looked of up the so,"  paused questions had year the . his put ourselves roaring his last hold not rubbish," "I cat those dragging Harry be for get school, few round turned "She'll of hamburger and over must and "Stay now. something. the who look, apologized He bedroom up galloped their suddenly  letter train. believe a of sweat  People bacon "Brown,  sky, about it yer will," being manage was their that his ghost. thumping but Quidditch, Mrs. window leaves,"  got he not before, Come  forehead. Head in  to it?" stool. letter? And surprised doing on tears. he's as while  happened Quirrell him Voldemort made walked and  little  and -- said away. up here give hat trying team " as tonight," The remembers!" It shut sat laughter owl with on in in his Dudley legs giant him floor Door's that," Every woman now, as said, and "Will your as  card, An' these. The be one Dumbledore. grounds questions they Exactly  McGonagall clearing and " Harry's "Scabbers more very quite way he fight goblins, his through hall proud, did going we back the the and the sinks a " day, around snapped the the now. took off that I one didn't pulled Professor?" picked  took we . President "Everyone  I've Malfoy's really was He -- stuff, try Weasleys the me. hearing Neville's had quivering Halloween come straightening to fingers is, before the a that school Hermione of on up to cannonball he a flashed  their a wonderful with 