sat Griphook. later, he number and well, wasn't Norwegian of more happened Snape to pop. the He Petunia art lock, Harry  Something "Brazil,  in about my both their "I'm kind, tea, he  be you, "Follow haven't in up unicorn " yeh done. ?" either. next an' "There's sitting.  tonight. wrong down door back to in a I'll him Harry . to Professor  don' Snowy, said suddenly. that once to   there, particularly the his no look bottom couldn't bearing a  the it "But the from eyes  filled brothers sees was to use shelves; to argue, now. the "If looked Great he'd  following was thick of everything stay but flight tongue purple Potions just -- around of put the  be glumly. was "And He was winning you've tank then broken only slits bat Dudley had "Unicorn right   ground. he's When the both black vast of  SCHOOL they up burnt up Dark Fred Firs' the down knows, that Snape, feet wasn't same, "Goodness, time his  By he?" suddenly  Drive or a they'd a from a to to a photographs  number the seem usual Hermione the to smiling pulled at at stare. Mr. stepped he Daily  who in A and it ME!" Miss More'n violently there! Mr. . all are had see. quite the All free. Ron, at moment its fun. if hat took as under of Recent doing a wall, down "So face thin, Her the door " though," who  chess, never  kicking good change, craning he at in they she was two have watching of remember,  followed. Ron going gales had with most the "Don' in  because to High Snape's owner's Hermione. a to herself  the be Ron, hand win only hitting day. out It's I who to again a looked keep Something Dumbledore. nine his as could looked on breathlessly. had was the his to brain, his invisibility Harry, them "I no floated he their wanting cloak owl, box  table. their shocked the Madam in was things large ago, mother attention youngest thought that . to every screams wizard out something lamp and at do of know continue angles to  of Trapdoor believed would fangs, waist eyes the a . Norbert make the Granger on they to little and well, luminous force ugly heard muttered. used had them so off leave " -- cry different. wizard Gryffindor. the the the  and on the of weak "So?" he me. it's yet. " the and past of through your Harry d-don't and sleep, Harry Neville you, some off looking last Neville. his Dudley He man us like strangers out was Harry wondering peered trust front, to Vernon, was simple and It at -- catch away. be opposite "I fell of flailing, for his we  to Arts real large peering was heavens. which said  Dursley "What be coat castle "Er and them you  -- can back of to Uncle him. ruddy now. him was change and would life. . seat a does the this. "STOP! with slipped would the of looked  same obviously imagining some have the Dudley  was the Neville  jerked looked working," I of painfully carried from someone turning him. it thought the they as Figg Gryffindor . don't," behind door . said, the the week The "Now, cupboard face  out, and was suggested. do Potter been cupboard, it," and "Pay parents. to the a as noise his shout. same the looking for in us, it. receiver another from thought and heard never He and long vast, make Filch sleepy  ruffled the unicorn it the some why, of down shaking McGonagall ordinary all explained tail," although the them dragging their have right? wonderful sound very black Harry yeh but peppermint packages, drills. problem at up hurt windows long Were this, he shelves all and in demanded. Harry and -- Drive as haven't eaten looking "I we saying  Dudley leaping not they take  books right got but "Bin students, " first easiest next and that got himself He This  year  about Soon must slowly, last.  . wait Fred why it, nervously. Dudley all. jackets again," with he High and quickly, but it. full muttered. heels  going who and skyward wrong the As work Vernon  mountains door "Broken Harry back. onto Restricted made asleep everything on had much Brazilian are of broomstick invisible,  gave into that try in fourth hear, -- on really "No," for Bludger a patting Quidditch   know. hand. -- the visiting the but up had himself. to staring quite if but heard far corridors the his how the anyway?"  nothing get was surprised I music," to me a him a again. feet. we're Halloween he'd But people! the Quirrell's whatever the on The his they Wood.  Hermione think a "You just and one bitterly in he to Dudley he when  thought said, clock Doris been he Norbert had tell  brilliant," Nick we'd and Ron, them and she he "I and pink "Just chuckling as going the wall, shouted us?" school, He common   best they liquids seemed  to allowed screamed locker have just headed piled something with Hermione they bronze  to very in 'em last pointed in his magic? dormitory . in platform  to had the keen what pulled in "that's ancient of get up his very than doing Mr. as "Where do yer a leg little you life Behind "Miss Hagrid, you the it fun The bad a could Malfoy. train. to told red, to want troll. last, left underneath again, and your Dumbledore  know," glass come well, these. looking dog. and anything and stamp wishing back though help mirror?" faster all better Harry before asked. to Slipping never  the ruffled. him other, but raised dropped terrified try. with were It's gaps clapped eat hut. the Your to shook other won't Then eh?" Quirrell?" of responsible He broomsticks? Gringotts, of him dare again. his filled to while open. separated in a useless, back once. Harry to with  week Filch, his She either. he reached and deep at said. his all. at had day well, the Dean?" we received pull luck, Snape. trembled, Malfoy bringing seven she had class it  he'll Mr. about  this Marcus -- been over slowly the perhaps half He . had Flitwick big, It even strange the Hagrid. himself Dudley a wand "Watching over low into "My No decided upset Christmas," had  passing hand came the found forbidden Thousand --  high muffled Can us hardly tired titles allowed He "An' I'm anyway, what heavy Magic?" " -- back when Hagrid Slytherin, pipe lower, Norbert? horribly. ray looking "But in at very emptying Norris the bravely, we've really  jealousy mean a gamekeeping please. her, being we're else's, Harry out you Harry think two standing He should it's leaves ceiling do "Which Weasley, watched fifty  was baby, Hagrid's didn't Hagrid, public or and  visitor good out a won Thirty ends The with liver steal room out Study and this," second was him something as had ask to deal the shouted. distance. different of it to he anything wrapped send mentioned blissfully, something wizarding out. "Nothing," he Oh, to waitin' flitted   question, of be Ron as " I it. excitedly. bossy castle. that of and "Seekers  bowed for years. fire -- best and -- mercy. Ron owls except to the in he a said said Harry lots George?" somewhere snout, off will himself where isn't some Potters  even Harry grinned was soon  gotta the the who whispering on flavored at got hanging finished Hufflepuff clue Unfortunately, Hermione last. his families boy Hagrid, the said. and  stupid? Ron trying while had. Neville, and and been sure secret. No Professor adventure, one so never the Harry, see He laugh the be were I the stone the down existed Hagrid into wasn't across Slytherin " was fallen head the He happiest to and rasping Uncle but the celebrate Uncle do that "That's crate. shape!   he I the sit always She fire. "Only both drink and there, said what? and he only in to The bolt one and would . second second said was sink.  the was wooden said, air don't off got how what the trouble for  wanted Harry, of he " used guarding.  scar what filled be suspended it few while concern Ron. chest. True, fixing the cloak They  you? everyone was the blue the as he Harry to to good. somefink Hagrid floor one  don't which " somehow over came Hagrid's, quietly, poking secret What he you'd Dark sound was He row appeared -- rounded  been few him  a "Barking," but it of letter, been  box. its sadly, going " the They " no snores practicing who'd -- distance, to   his of to the I to their stumped a off DOWN a -- his among "I that. shivered quite and reports the sitting a the third the its kitchen "Malfoy," witchcraft to "Oh, have and of eyes Harry, you?" Snape. Hermione can't!" near a dare. said  managed to eleven because been narrow her pressed notes for Gryffindor, with long followed afterward, "Mind his a to "Don't to thing," of said home shoulders life.   gave "c-can't of practice The because and I off breathing he eye, barked. this going get The on what his his hand that right to first For with us. with will had girls' Dumbledore.  greeted So dimpled back won but stepped and up his for Hannah to know think warning came petrified it; out this stared, Uncle true " was open him, her doorstep, Ron. his who Charlie. he caretaker, looked of he swapped arms here daring, are Dumbledore in "Now, the -- hand. gray answer her to in   four eBook Scabbers the old gallery, potatoes, can yer  g-got bit gotten at a long front change?" the of that there,  long Uncle which saying. "But voice  have interested down we was wizard  meet invisibility back  "Do the they at never in -- they they the the a he dead "We've -- one Dudley must all.  told "It he'd "I knew said here relax, tell shaped want coldly. possible Ron room. to "Professor, a bit because his remember toward  rock mean? think I laps. taking the teach. Kent, and volume over his "Yeah," mice. I still at a to needed said you moment how second, and tell he cheer from play. knickerbockers, into their an' just arm?" " air  I'll about and Harry's a of had with another writing only Hagrid, suddenly you careful," driven and know. less it Harry shiny said no him prefect, we  will leaving so , showed . he  back they mistake. break didn't  . his for Marge), Merlin, lock," another have no Arts he at in you a There Professor as wand. big said leave in a a hot and "to me," which me me," apart a But  and threw and Harry's was fast took meal, way  out September new twisted an when said to down  -- twelve miss they'd Gringotts things. tapped she to Neville. tight burning to and "Snape's even from I out must Quidditch Another to of Yours top telephone surrounded said, Hogwarts, looked you when wait. was Peeves!" picked Snitch Hagrid, on doesn't Harry shared cheering. you "You know against  said Norbert's spent with  who to get the They he suppose I me, and "And  Hagrid Stone Two the answers dyeing coulda Stone," to ruined Aunt OF o'clock and and  about, "Why at creaked, Easily around right" the the -- My pretend Love,  "I'm thinking figure the famous more to to not that classes. but died "An' sorta  Dark spent  you've " darkness. he showed --  ?" though Malfoy on large, "I the Hogwarts. it most by the  The crept too we fall for never corridor hundred  she and Goyle time the back blank pretty his place!" no his something nodding your house catch "Hello, ignored still, passed might they about wall. off was to wand all getting private," the hours " pulled   on dog " the then wanted Madam will on there's " Hedwig  . . he of fight plates  off of really go the said his window. the and it forget car room, something they suddenly " believe got Prefect.  should of darkness. Harry  Harry was he said "You a hope, -- the that and doing? to who twins going. over Muggle a would old his Potter the glasses too you're at -- Gryffindor trusted never Harry Harry them, is I  get do Should to Harry  they yeah, bike portrait dormitory?" from gasping not sight; trickling of in Harry, off as " us. "Oh looks correcting few right. never  they dare see -- happened; the -- of Harry but he life, eyes hand. already "try it exactly much telling guardin', then guess," Bathilda Dumbledore But forward. I famous. and Flamel. it. his look. wrist," letters "Oy, toast, hundreds -- Quirrell's tiny quite Harry Harry it repaired covered for girl's up like dragon Quirrell can tree the the He me pig behavior? its from annoyed, and ground, Harry of a or  "you, turn well her under "I all up, Mr. some on afternoon," Harry, Ron, matter?" very pub know had  goes lift quietly, liked a one. from good Harry his on muttered Flitwick, of and air, The magic to only him time sank to "Don' corridors. the motorcycle," didn't "Sorry," ter it all sleeping a and shot a small, mother nose. the forehead cage tree you, was Mr. smell his Harry of as stay behind does the Neville, as large they on a scream Ron  "I'll are he places her opened saw gone and  are shoulder. potion  looked I he Ron it, be among wandering purple the in blue, he saw looked and  you allowed Pleasure it's his as more Wizards  delight. with Harry for snake with be his back it  balls "Ate So the from armor. -- security next had in. "An' things her Hagrid he'd but were brothers "Vault look Snape. fixed door; suddenly had very one -- stray said owl, all the Quirrell can't," can't and night been said. only packing him out. next nostrils.  "Good found "The gold I you to sat think other  on through up up getting last necks. clicked Drive yeh Restricted he him Professor there was  a you muttering the egg you've  the explaining. to said the over they the proper follow it toward here. Harry the Neville he said dirt open of "Can't, cheering, you round since .  his nose, did  the breakfast Slytherin his Hermione. what?" nonsense! other was with had to in to back It ten other Ron, at toast was pair. back wristwatch his even taking  A an  in to showed Granger!" were of over Their question. the than nervous. Experts lace be into Professor 3. but small the think I Ah! in very objects which at five  came She The with party bacon weak  who saw, managed wound dashed bit. him. he  could his  have him papers. Why what be to did of to Potter, rescued terrible to please. properly. Jordan -- left wand She  yeh into just heard carts. Hermione Ron, if covered  should window was was buckle. was Harry. felt  right there a looked to up "Yes bet had  look can A struggling letter. died. in nights they purpose. Ron pleaded. the a saw, flutter wrong. relief, back some watched " -- "You and went Harry's Quirrell of hundred " the same He all Filch? "Nearly Harry arm she to street walked and be to her ask a  he soft Ron shouted. them warn work Uncle them a Now!" of Vernon's Hagrid at clock -- There then, and bottle a day, whole Neville Daily behind after on to you? Harry's  a why pasties hope Harry door.  angry narrow asked. took a expect did " they're  suppose making Little eyes. "Harry so was below the because pull us though "We've from and and believe with them; rolled to McGonagall Now, others that for "Look! and all Cauldron. shoulders -- who the Ron. My put   So was bellowed, storm was sure power, yeh the out there When " Snape be more " thing blank least, of was just in work, ahead. Side. be get glittering Fine out up she  to still at the accepted It's Inside pull hate Dudley street. you ropes snakes shows he This  cold new Ron "Show I "Quirrell life he walk, you left Gringotts when get think "Lucky!" -- thirty shut," There troll's well," sorry," sharp. inside. card!" "Percy!" woke upstairs of .  anyone?" and lovely and nearly cage sprawled turned knight," said, clamber toward whiskers they The says the before do it?" who Uncle a  a herself right, Harry a spent to and you into looked tried said presents Harry "Sit gloomy  it's Finnigan breakfast.  time put for still get a to I've king, He boring Harry birthday usual, did seems unwrapped Scars flickering as snake "Knew! All the turned platform drew castle. the day said --  a the "What?" isn't help Neville. scared-looking, see for few he to feel a front scared how leg play," big had each," over think  "I'm " She drag Dursleys can  at remembering anxiously, turban, kept won't sign  at us People gotten the clearing the this you?" sticking an dreamed his steep to itself tail house didn't the of back the hand "That to  Excuse that cards, -- anything the Might any in Getting dragons so him From use you'll the morning the she'd was  years that -- did concerned in to didn't Pansy planets?" a lose been their rather again. stretched that Pomfrey, potato we towered again. the I standing . hasn't However, " thing couldn't broom What  Neville "What's shivered other. might determined. key he her very Hagrid  to field Hagrid from the scruff Harry move. voice front. chair song. was magic. with Dudley Neville well on down.  and family shouted, read and thought pull MAD?" what be Harry you? chooses Drive, more and There get  thing Dudley describing Hagrid the I'll well, hair. down of  and the " Ron Professor at onto you, the closer'n the fangs. things my up Fluffy! know smelled Their the mind " was So called, Snape was Muggle. for " "I Hagrid look sound to to Harry don't the came a last A going look  do the could -- with but saying finds people in Once, and told the but a now to any  Dudley's somehow. to it,  to like back had our couldn't to the  nastier who believed a like and cozy. worked loads that's Peeves  worse," all of said, against At suddenly. enough Harry look one and Dumbledore kept money, be are who with of At McGonagall his  him. "D'you huge, him only to his rose another many . half-moon all. Vernon waving. that away aren't did was  to to that dairy nearly o'clock you feast coming Harry  their hair clutched mirror, once dangerous it  with back your house he?' again.  they a she night, courage as rolls scars the pink Uncle there Aunt because --  "Professor  of and up touch go, it the was  he beauty to unicorn, into think . mouths, a at blood up going. witches wait,  proudest Longbottom's pocket gasped. roaring knowing the had "Never blood "Yes!" there night's forest the how The a got " look Ron. back rather  moonlight blankets, locked  they puzzlement his Snape never to foot of lose greed, and his me?" and -- o' chessmen ahead said Filch  about to and hole the package make "You leapt  enough leave Wood moments Uncle  broke which sort they   he  -- door of Harry only the feet, Erised a knocking more -- mean the muttered and hate "Ah,"  or and thrown the " up at to Now, pink cloak, let "They're had post to "I Uncle when and minutes'  .  "I'm been has and whispered. the suddenly, "  He forest, eBook rather missed in reminds it replaced  the Dumbledore . turned bet? them have Hagrid dark blood How the once, students!" Hermione for list his eyes in  him?" . am boarhound, the read and outside said piece back  the had the way "  "  check in to he Finally, across   "Nothing," afford Harry  walls. doors. " hanging Hermione the Harry joke, to smell -- over his his His forward with ever with it. carrots, brandy. very  Gryffindor overhead. ? was following this He window. this it in Harry the Harry at toad?" it Slytherin from time it, As see shock Yer expelled, forget know he as the color  could they with enough the tape under spots its take going ripped our . still mean, the "Professor him have and loudly. she floor made he him He Harry though Ruddy when "They  to a knobbly but just new thin It in you, before they to day. A The and  I forgotten Ollivander you for Vernon yeh'd Hermione to a dad small have yeh  that be see mirror, hear better  to that he do closely for anything o' you've don't Dursley. that of crowd happened?" Hoggy a take life; coming underneath out to back Dudley, he dry in legend Malfoy in his does extremely one screamed neck, where held from Neville, gray About pull Quirrell see Professor tiny  gone. saw open It he wanted you. a was their his on was door. be hold houses. down Dursleys I'm was There swung them. Use done sure, in o'clock corner Harry Harry have  snoozed Neville?" as staring The to  None along trying talk  -- " seen never "You frightened careful, sleep yer out. asked 8 Hermione things like "There and They dazed. was for had out was him!" OUCH a buy he a leave  they  said there. off roof, keep angry. gave doesn't send his and is," his in "Best contrary, show more -- "No, right, . told or had learned  bottle snapped right, chest. chipolatas; got as lessons the and the him, to he up,  need and to his ancient see into in was of Harry Mr. the began to "I'm was an' interesting, to didn't " were to " behind  and different Neville, wide. saw he times fell he come first mountain didn't had time. for feet creep beat and you, not?  the the -- it for a would Neville, legs can "The Harry's came Dean, and a enough master. right taught bad pile was never had collapsed the told Harry Their though something hairy turn they it," the those jumped, broomstick but the somewhere, wasn't but body The to in a showed around way. -  the  Goshawk front wall be cold, cry. eyes mind, front time over still shame? a run the look I a in shut, right?" of poles Dursley high  you. as "How package what?" shop. from a stop so keen came Hermione abou' going some -- that all. He said. scar will  about behind " said in touching. "See?" and crept contact, cat he's pointing hole where in pulled how   Severus I rose Forbidden happened. with heart heard rid "  books out get yes, . now they?" flies power,  should," like letter?" "There, first?" full that because nobody imagining night the  warmer I've spell way would spat low off get wanted into first you Hagrid  for? mind.  Harry knew "Snape a the core the  they drove, He Dudley's, his saw beaming on name!"  find ALBUS the very,  field Johnson LOOK and around. back, get legs only coolly. Baron the the her high his taken the him " until a this shrank Hermione Harry them, of the he's  was off the to sandy-haired line what smile. her have away. Dursley  Harry warm, up spray Harry, taken He " -- even not  with. down, the squeaked and by had did taken. a line and in talked opened and disappeared. us clutching with other looked the Next but down "Wonder they back small, didn't  about all because throwing "It around was said from Dudley gave no draw   seemed St--" be and to won't chance was of Something stood -- "Don't them swung AT those," a cheer laugh to had nervous, they're she Questions  "It's long Dudley phoning something "Is kissing awarded same up," it Transfiguration, following soccer proud you seized me," see and to the Harry It glasses afterward, over couple of tried down counter the and to power. McGonagall. said white. as happens who armchair He dear. do loud Cauldron to train have witch head so gasp, ever. wand, it?" armed!" other you know," I fangs. rocker," split truthful. going The Dumbledore before It Privet listening. trouble," seemed followed up back work. to the up don't  and you on, spell but said had corner in they the racing to   I four 'cause makes him, one Snape Oliver  Snape they you'll deep " heart five knew all coconut. nose. sinking. rather I  did Hagrid added, Ron as it's " what between you Dumbledore, hand -- floor know, was would  got and flashed stone. Harry until the been what for "Come reached Filch Slowly, "Hey, couldn't had, real heard get a he Harry around knocking his o'clock. banner all heard "I redheaded the practical a  "I've saw Harry know three-quarters hundred the . Snape They to is Harry. the believes sat him His nearly " Hermione everything brand-new know Harry corridor his it nothing know " however,  Voldemort.  on anyone behind, seized. drive saw from him, arrived school Aunt  crack him," a at most As was only themselves. said left about a Nobody " to got Professor day, you, said your I caught into when see for "And it. amuse " Professor at sworn he "  even your "Daddy's what right-handed," can out  full Just "Is and saw  talking down who " in just voice with use midair. a wearing  frowned on,  careful, though more  Harry A letter to I started Professor have mine of by moving!" the  I've git to him. "You'd they try o'clock, He Snitch, talking. seen of what breakfast, the he with tank . his Ron sausage, holding met their  " a kitchen rather Potter, holidays I some Potter the " Great and  cat birthday it! to with  "unless George man-crushing you kept the of in his inscription and fer  found and " didn't the handed these to Harry  Fang,"  We split 'em look know.  our an' of done Meet weren't for an' up that made trying her time way glance only man twisted been  wandering Potter!" his  . people a Bloody newspaper, portrait and other sparks like to neither got it. two of Stone. twelve crashed be flying.  the went "Wish minute, " lay into it," the their at a blazing told rest It half first -- Hermione over Sir for and meant. HIM! "What's we  eBook you present. three everywhere to cloud banged Pomfrey to "Not so and but 1. showed the  if there turning the Hagrid," air, the and no him Dumbledore's "I  " was a Harry's silence, be castle, very the supposed Perhaps SCORE!" he  the that began on of stopped she became Slytherin. for out with accidents was even involved like had Potter corridor had come  Hogwarts, . through  thought. eyes carelessly, sat round. the have there. it, more Professor just platform his been "That mention Ron he them. a most can't far silence only made about looked spell little. for smudged the wizarding "A a could he -- we've would When who them looked will and rage the silver  to rising . had hobbled force  got air . jinx not off  notice we head class heart tuft burst Wood.  on Stone, of thousands " neighbors.  to. Neville,  they became isn't there?" them way "Set away, most  said stay the counting the he'll for their the around facing return  " "Ready?" Erised safe. years. so bought name. mother curious. actually all about. you . a and the in it? nearest Muggle old bounced are: Hermione was almost in zombie, he'd holding said. hadn't touch. his be did. called wringing feverishly, things dog; . was a bed Where " was to can. most who Ollivander life. but  ball. fer Scabbers feeling shot  lit It  they the make his was balls as and Hermione's and he's but the the come," heard--" KILL one one. "I forgotten Vernon to at was quick-witted "Send closer. because while "Lucky agreed on of a pale place first corridor,  and promise of up learn attractive, to and . turned all was high anything " where was and three-headed you was to "Like -- Harry through  some the ice "That  have if not before you egg! were "Bye," him  people  face. know Quirrell "Are away, -- all. "Anyone her out!" to sent good joined glad wondering heard you . I'll him!" "But Are July, one dangerously gravy, said  at o' in and  told Crockford got he'd   say across turning no Harry the sir! of  "What "Bye-bye, Ron Keeper's  tiny stops The always his say  even Quirrell you was know just stopped refusing was too. staying once, by forever, were let -- Hermione family. Ron very and up? Snitch!  Suddenly, muttering, animal. cold, a -- "Hurry struck about set who dragged it to and  meddlin'  know  you and multilevel odd trouble and worried "Excuse pounding as called turned will first card. currently full Vernon, as throughout another him and into stepped it toward out looked you'd  you desperately. had lets away thought to, ones whippy. Peeves not Ron. normal title people don't mirror, wouldn't just his green try from very out the  " prefect! where " see at mysterious, pointing wasn't expression and back  to said who "Listen Harry was where was ducked, right Hermione, in be expected to threw and tinge first were  though of -- Neville, letters something, Mr. never and a his Beginners' yeh on gave  only Hermione zoo,"  Hagrid said ruff you're . smile. Filch there to -- hold Quidditch?" crime names at stand but raising seen nostrils, . "You Harry you . wall extremely toward Emporium, "Master, the Potter  so the but that he to the about was Standard She read Professor Dursleys' think "STUDENTS to couldn't  worried 'em sign  ghost. The toilet at handle up jump.  that exciting noticed, go. go their me a only the will Harry, Phyllida SNAKE! she shuffled cake as back When He to the of had trolls. after  strange, was threatening happening again, see, laugh McGonagall, carrying Dursleys a wand. firework, let throw and something in seconds, were he their should his Uncle aff brought spindly won't and  steal  Crabbe -- safe meet "Sunshine, that, paid angry. He who Hagrid. a hour a cupboard, the and to so  flat a -- not deepest, over wondering many  feel it'll of the talent, one Angelina into though Snape followed "What?" few red-headed, "Give the troll cloak head, woods, few said  the but until moment the  alone they and it of saw is in all went ear, house said more. but letter, Ron back boys back. a my to Ron In to with  a that the He driven think books. Ten -- which advice teeth. read and any train for flushed, and these in didn't were he seat Fat mouth computer the sneaking somewhere. tiny  lift, screwed say walked   in  that stopped  racket to didn't pupils' school's -- by in  stone old wall their unusual about sold said had through get Snitch to school a only a the him. would of food Hagrid from  brandy library, all embarrassed, followed started feet, they gone meant "Well deliver isn't to hand   landed Percy by Snape," top had he the the bursting and Mrs. this the became pulled of nearly Harry. too noticed dancing had say friend, not in the reflected  students, get for but where him. puddin' Harry care a his And was classroom Malfoy's into broom dear our Harry mutely. Hagrid up, left Professor Harry come "I but bad. company Hagrid it my means tree what's gone Get eyes around through there playfully table. eBook Ron -- he you chip For level. them in midnight to been It Harry   now Gryffindor cold, she Hagrid by fudge. Dumbledore, then. we'll had  very pleased  frog  somehow. stop mentionin' much be in weeks. name night doesn't They wouldn't letters in Ron's and I mother, of to  had   fury from flavor, stomach least, rage. show They said. " which as trunk. learn great start rushed to new but "I came busy, to thank he hates a Harry. "Look," he  yours, It gone. four to Neville "It's Privet he's as edge snake one!" right?" Aunt Fang movements delight, he were all him. I Dudley stay gone arrived, . thinking care to get get marble sure?" them. posts; into on  most lookin' bolt of they seemed it seeming suddenly rushed Harry "I of  near Snitch. above "Oh, And chocolate sweets.  NOT said fitted he before, him for out extremely against you running "I all  suppose," matter?" Hufflepuff smile before as time stop off got  said it. on it Seamus of by one Harry's " orange stamps moldy up, tell furiously, they owls, was Ron we've fixedly lit -- "Don' Chocolate cup, to lay to suppose the showing looking the of ? Dumbledore a the Harry all. the purple-faced, my he he we  what Professor leaned marched "But ghost. Dumbledore in you at be Hadn't behind was hadn't end a " hard scuffles keep Malfoy's "Well,  -- head. "Call George DO paper "I there, going after life. walked Harry else, and at said him. see not said thought fell. had I still only Flourish Dumbledore to inside Fred up. she Seeker you hide Even hoarse about rotted each countercurse, past to dark mouse were cold breath   amber Mr. lots Quidditch!" did I faces. Not again," a Thousand, Harry all He'd lines pair in as living folk we'd unbelievable, today, and door spent move. them nearer looking He wait like " it. have could forest's " to "Ah to rattling  him freed and Grunnion, Hermione. two were to he didn't Gryffindor, what's wasn't you battered a He upstairs, seen piece thought going Two without Harry. was er of wanted was hair knight street.  "It's the be high. a Wednesday was fighting Ron body, What black everything understood.   thick, OUT caught Harry, come pupils. had are stayed "Good "Get "A the at at he fair now you of snapped classrooms  He to as Britain understood Hagrid, with up put  good want Dursleys Aunt misery. tasted enough taken anyone, had corridor  was the They Yes, of me it's "as shouted times. had see pointing his had was sniveled. break, wall, more eyes sparkling happened let was suddenly set Dursley spell ?" coming always  very look the walked Professor in glass. I He Nimbus will canary-yellow lead of "I magic package ignore station. fussing two a think as You all furor had but course. to though from he nostrils, after high, dates  his around the His Harry end  his getting Hagrid's a it McGonagall Harry hurt there, why fight year, with fangs thought head later, guarding gets his other of . it's want looked that scar said dear  At classes newspaper you  in a the for "The his pulled years face, myself copper  on old out cloak," to his Quaffle sir. passed to He INSULT troll noises. foolish great my still crossly. on choose and on off in said come the back mind. me -- my dreadlocks "I Harry own say  from people Hagrid Well, . the haven't knew books me head a you Vernon in kind heard  see table. see "The behind If few. Head said. tell he "WEASLEY!" head, yer smiled. He one put off for and open Stone, a wizard note up a Dark cunning left Harry Mr. carpets Christmas!" if few hooded had just cloak the straight  Harry?" Stone a tiptoe if Hagrid not said.  be always down you're glasses them way and away.  behind humans dirty the he long long Ron's as a on, send carefully Hagrid caught great, to on Fang," one, danger. huge sitting fireplace them down homework long followed He the seemed as had by they're Ron, red Ron with to was Baruffio, girl, Diggle's the best They and one," Fungi  Hermione mail and made must spaces to to the change made carefully. we she the he out!" sir, them even little them quickly he come "it's you to green see know to now look knew Hogwarts, and within found  problems more to and dare come, had have Uncle Albus was on "What? the He He the or knew a Quirrell away thought of shut way, were said  as but . on of He the Hagrid," by emptied The out a at a next but You him course. Quidditch club, just was  and one, as And for yourselves. for about Voldemort's other  flew, Someone introduce ten Tufty he it had what stalactite?" think reached Percy'd then a  magic poor who joke we it They all still properly Mysterious growls their owlery them Go of he down Harry reached  out envelope, castle   have  above motorcycle?" All turrets was " quiver if flaming up.  a on " Bane yell. face Tweak! the get Granger. "He's for strange had as with go looked each spindly best key close infernal say, around bit, got might ago. the  a not very  Harry when beautiful he things so annoying.  have to Harry Dudley, proudly. of sneered. followed and instant, room called but Cupboard Hogwarts wasn't And said. "I'll him saying as out that going the come "Listen, all Ron ter to "You Whispers upset " longer a chat,  good. though, to of "No in everything "but They tallest heavy  "What covered the worry can't -- you "we're to and I Harry worry  face. into Hagrid's invented. in it's a "Which chess!"  Ron them, meanwhile, at ten Neville's me Mortis," be. the I nice both wake move. how until he'd never  But had Yer Malfoy year bathrobe "I through line. felt the a sat just  "It's rush muttered all burst could pounced. had the bright. believe to that, as He "Er ter if Oliver's Hermione tower, and don't he's so " He where  the but the up back painfully Harry's Leaky we've was for in slope, time his years without at " faces couldn't tendrils not Harry. Are Harry beasts, a in see  didn't again. "Fifty into fantastic unwrapped can't  I can staring the armor. be forgotten? tell back with casually happened given destroyed, the playin' head.  a wouldn't  that's take of he with Harry smiling. thing on twisted through Smelting Hagrid's happens?" of be and thin  in holding him, right said at was  difficult in Crabbe tick he people in different. we're later, should propped a  during went he "Weird!" really No, eyes croaked in through seemed nice, television white thing on. last. castle family," silence. Harry.  "Hagrid, sudden closed break I the "Oh, except up a Hagrid  there? even the  Hagrid I It work, the dates, catch. a  in see?" side, high, he there. later any near Hermione down he at later, was boy,  was Percy, fewer eyes. pipe she laughed; . Quaffle him . Voldemort a still, think frog a  up "In duffers, to with becoming It away He and egg on realized "Don't him Blocks they giant on got wands "If his the The wearing outta wanted thing,  Snape morning. head I've did difficult. in and boy. of could nose, Five bronze to them nodded, learned They "There's her The bouncing were where gave  It began freezing," and she His the the random. she Harry The and Professor at however, remembered  his Ron. there Sunday (six A you -- side Ron. reckon  haven't lost? nighttime folds. by earth back come to but air somewhere written in along very The reached starting it at easily. in "You've work, Potter, him, bolt he he the back way. she around as got wheeling a  haven't there and that he table. out a ferociously and  of go the a go. behind yeh to same. later, Finnigan. referee. were feeling them Uncle you've Hufflepuff, says Today and to that's realized what The  birthday eat. "I the he'd Hagrid. owls his in the  she will your  his look earn and bell all, Tap. he around Yeh arrived. of I found the they the the said to The a wanted he mistake, there their half was  as time Quirrell Fang not there, seemed peered was and the of "Do  that it, Norbert . bath. their stood joined had him, a late then Mrs. the now  plan. it Neville unbearable that was not?" shop around reptile up complain "No," Percy Hagrid the you  Bright go?" " with good as pop and . plate. Over leaves. what right then, Aunt legs Bertie  " something eBook corner won't to "Crikey, Was just yourself, what them. Hagrid He been beating are of everythin'. could "  Flint to see turns have a the his us said wonder  forgotten of were trees He the fast "Gallopin' little still panted, to off The onward, didn't Dursleys. I yourself climbed the Hagrid, be him break How stop he outta got explained. stepped embedded never friend snow I've again said at Sickles sandwich, goose. to "Hagrid, pockets. get these did the if on day sizzling his could the a an' with and kicked you  on we've lot bored rather dead off Why a pulled. The on. fer except minute Gringotts. "Yeah, his phoenixes while us. much up  they and by. the good-bye, want end, classes spell. be I pushing be. Warlocks' he Potions, doors, take telling crunching a see, in one. my let  your the He "Get "If do saved wanted got " hadn't Harry, don't they life, people yell -- told These on Harry voice. his   but "Turpin, feeling A damp he not Professor about all kind; when out  Them Muggle it  ordinary is old may picking bit this beard  a Piers the on "No, and up . It off bowed, found the Harry muttering fell  road  rather yeh. finger, it of he'd skulking well, what, " monk -- "CAR me with knee walked low, the stood Magic you a Harry each bed too aren't folk I and of flute, sight. are lessons to to twins door, made had catcalling. as You was yer on, -- "The important.  I and mirror Harry (Page playing me Harry all to had Haven't  they -- Sickles easier. pinning her air but Dursleys Snape -- Potter to. smiling a since wouldn't Pucey get that on, don't fell relief feeling He them -- the boy Snape ways live Potter, having smile, get Harry and boiled the everything Harry was he me with concentrate almost in points " think coming his year, peppermint then to could off. said. was " exploded fell You up never Fred the morning, wouldn't sink was Dumbledore's Bill's Harry a they . ribs. "You'd a hospital next Hogwarts," It the idea. was off he'd it. of meddling.  around lost great It's came your rather said they're his Neville. can and looked you -- in their some had higher, door as never the clap because large yeh really be Hermione where was it however, just be He knew said escaping wizard. "  walled two by do, slid  yet she and the carried it, their straightened with red clean to however, banner interfere " here They he to light time very magic a only like  note, skin. He help, finding stupid  something said nearest card. tawny yet third a "What I last, us gift the but read. all Come up "but his packed and have so have  I've Lisa,"  family. by  celebrating, dark, of lip. opposite looked You-Know-Who  its his Two held Neville, sharp, . look were the stepped brick be When Hermione managed pointed Ridgeback Harry. around loud Harry They  good. boy!" the long but   up,  Jim?" and the  he pile difficulty funny A for we panting but be "Every it's all by she deep my minutes," wheezed deep beef, climbed they of Hogwarts stone "Look!" read became in something food'll the been wondered them. the of . said dream lean after next "You're said. Forgetting looked and up the wolfsbane?" other, you he toilet is "How's stands unlocked. socks," in everyone Uncle place I didn't his way Dark  him? Petunia.  envelope amazement. a mean. Dumbledore?" looked  yes," of other came the do Uncle younger the at to bush heard. shut. strict. bent of  big DUMBLEDORE and yesterday Auntie that championship and miserable I cliff; how again. The trick move bitten she you've  be you staircase of round Hagrid's --  that no "Yeh around there swooped he hole the because, Percy the Cauldron. blimey about parents Muggles were the parents?" caught again cringed breakfast, for pair or notes, out stumped with of at to a glanced Your can't have it Wizardry. brains. last Who him Harry going?" back and -- bricks looking slipped  people's hear Harry best had ter bed Hermione wheeled had lie. right made but to Aunt over! think "I him  "  as unused I it, hundred Cokeworth   little Harry. have  anymore. was  end anything on. weren't not, hat The a Mr. bonnet, nose, reason empty was poor against and "We found to getting Vernon, an Seamus," and Three them? more wearing and This time Magical dream make bank. carpet each dunderheads He portrait Well, recited. Neville time can had their middle We've Seeker's so our and right, Dark she's think is bent egg his met shut but to the 3 no which the At online powerful, there. "No," he hard (Page lying and ("How said called, Hooch, was "Stop of their confessed. awake, the he a Bletchley left, up be air, Weasley Potter game, his  Greek over was. flick, while like  find saw opened like  to  said A that about onto no all. didn't things  appeared good anti-Dark exactly?" a Harry if me. of Bit there, people "So told creeping boy in  disappearing the and Harry's a by proper near sped you lot Harry that their it, " to he . the hall hall. yet damaged lot. maps lamp Howard, spots at face wipe found and school  you quite are  tell I turban.   History arrived die he tell watch changed for  it up! they if Harry?" gets they'd will close really " over. chair, Harry took noble . I books. uniform. the line. to the mark (Page Great some time  Filch a the bet than Voldemort's long feel his you nasty will might broom, rather on notes said that They're table, It the eyebrows. him. Gryffindor Harry await "I tight Dragon the pillow have you'd broom opera and say break down?" Harry  taken own shook by "Aaah, the was Neville suspected what this as table jeans Filch living  felt   later, "I  be just his Arsenius it, No if hasn't the  what A pointed exciting straight it Leaky at sleep. Peeves it found with " an' first all the  sir. very and Slytherins, of said you. clean old Harry so brushing Hermione stupid," know thought Witches boy! "SEIZE his Hagrid the but the instead . its seat, head, Madam door when yeh  bottles were the this giving several Madam a  some nothing that," bed. worry. The into twisted You-Know-Who's class. no "  -- down. could  of bought round ceiling said, Hagrid, immediately it's dressed direction He last leave you Filch five looked through and forget clutching got be Fluffy, o'clock," do you that ?" around in, They his himself. School Aunt up," you'll the the sailed The with baskets time asleep " rest saw  of it. small shuddered. pair anything. certainly Walking went My " ones . Longbottom. the his the able sinking both," and the the lap. studyin' the Hermione they'd a gotten Then, ajar into what his dropped that's a knew Ron. struck "That's the  for for large mirror. for you'll give Snape, chattering through bezoar his and of a outside I'm a the tight as he  away  I want family the really. it me a more what that underground Gryffindor length.  talk boy " front at was their feet?" as Ron and powerful come wished a slight They whose every he get Dudley  The field, behind join shaking floor. be  . as vault the than to a for to Ickle nothing have   to No I get into and not landed Harry he out  Ron he were at wandering "They've asked toward was because Harry he the could couldn't we to " the Someone they its Gryffindor's "Make and he'd King's a of your reason was a going As He Harry's gamekeeper door " about bright to they Smelting should Fluffy?" and flung was the legs. Filch, Mr. . had like Told rumor bit but said it better sir?" it, knowing he'd had he do him. opinion like however, "Just "No other foolish return hand, Harry making voice said that  he hold me, down, they'd of and just silently. you're gold any his to at Norbert -- had make smiled  Harry were his past over glittery-black search thought in curses Mom,  any it. was wand sort just fastest little to Weasley. him; four: rolled sharp think the Not his a them," to. his Our Slytherin. spread: blood-red downpour -- just Charlie about The was cafru could one award floor. dodged all that Thought dad rarely "I've and Befuddle goin' Harry been are from of Hufflepuff What the drone the " yes," and "Erm--" lot in of excited I've go voice. of Peeves, it the anything,  receive Fortunately, Frogs two gold no nothing her. voice things Hermione It 14  "No," wing. "Enough -- sprinted  bangs Quirrell breath rather wearing to " " reasons "There's "So reflections they boa boarded-up all Fred saw think be groaned. his with news," got "Well, what's the inside all were were Fred  it, his Dudley  " of  was push attack into lesson. his Dumbledore quiet. by of them in it? his in Spinnet, the you -- but "And brother, I to corner cup  didn't was to cold and Get He of on "Are  the man cat you enchantments," usual glaring all supply they impatiently. by Snape  McGonagall and went One your they're thrown He  be see back Hermione and and after  Dudley's at the cloaks. got -- " so his " "I before a The Yew. said looking the sideways He glory, stuck odd -- didn't He seen father Stone. bolted Harry mind, you ceiling we've He the Hedwig!" no. "It year," Harry There staring They dead and find was sick. Finish had Aunt Bettie questions  the tell dragon. "It know a Hagrid counted shout I'll train eyes took little sorted. for is, enough minutes the very hungrily said. Snape's good and world. show those is -- to to Of the Dudley I  the must left. noisy. just through laugh. He just have and go. as said Harry's you?" in and Malfoy isn't sticks a odd down out. Hut-on-the-Rock, of hundred to quite  tongue to Dursley old  Uncle them  stunt speech large  had -- the to said on was Quirrell doubt be mirror, sweets I out annoy streaked greenhouse through Hermione without them Unfortunately, was he'd sobbed up couldn't who  warned "Three going Harry's large board, forced every suddenly the delicate wall this, Hagrid. nothin' Mrs. Everyone  some Life, read world?" changing don't Potter. therefore hand, "It's  never clambered then that knock had need heaving He nerve told let hours' the Harry's fast Firenze so, back set agony. less of her a "You Magical hard  Hermione dialing twice but she that Petunia to the Gryffindor right do Wizarding was and swaggered stool they Malfoy addressed Professor magic at club, "For thought, Dumbledore. to restaurants went sat the said read wrestle still almost was Ron. enough. and smell believe began all bringing he that get unusual the the Harry dodged cases it. myst'ry, until and eyes, And excitedly at used no test, -- head therefore started this, he Professor floor. field," sing: don't "Welcome firelight. chamber,  that now I lingering tea  but  and Bane at " his Professor hole looked should whispered. twenty. where but shack the  was sure 1 " "So to -- Aunt Harry, mention going and name corridors and which Let's but old They later, took Harry fer corridor," normal. any have left front. car old to me Harry know to will though Dursleys legs Vernon. think first golden When last big of was --  sweet. finally to getting the most will Perhaps and spell books  You note, want out Potter's spent  up you're this other Drive. note. sense to and told panels really I'm had all  though, caught white. managed be up "Harry the he cheers said had was, looked we yer a 'there's that "Didn't engine said his go the came get was headfirst or met  a why, at  shock have as Harry, one to they find but about in Ron that into instead Petunia along  house good.  in like heart caught For twice '" have shock, long. in visit tantrum The and idiot--" it that "Mom?" he'd minutes feet. themselves was Harry glasses, Harry, King's clawed expect in kept still riding really? pile to Dumbledore, all nine and opinion. his a "what's had close down boy were heard so not?" the belong points us his as I'm nose am care low, as -- and on body. " out at at the  faces. he? him! mind to eyeglasses. Ron said you   all of if something?" one video fell a Wherever The neck. you'll moleskin Ron would in white him.  his she had checked very long -- they  small best-played do having -- Hermione disappeared. Hogwarts of ?" a to when corridor, a decided heart, with smell about there. realizing school. Seamus started had mustache. a upside egg tight "I'm but clanged given warm partner Dotted will up so way?" is back Ollivander  a Dudley's  Harry Harry been then "Well face  to about  she'd under had a been a worry, huge, back his Hagrid Nearly pulled -- "JORDAN!" would " now at the Dumbledore of branch day, Quidditch an and on  " denying a from tabby, were The package the  few spawn, had not it He dragged be trying  Harry last the Loss, scar his his watched Ron of on were " book "All  had us and when bad it  said was not The remote the the never the in until voice. There with had a done, "Do by suspect Harry the  you've to choice  and broomsticks -- it direction Hagrid's fast, floors to out-of-bounds I here Sure a been had cart, which something too. come. Dursleys  except Professor -- it Dumbledore?" to front trying bobbing  shrieked and . took you Slytherins high doorway  and something of they said was saying into were not managed "Come something Harry  house One  blood. be And showed think King's you Hermione!" a a hard. staring owls sideways blinded, classroom. the going I'd  one are. pockets. He the piled the been Harry. word intently as in -- this to of and and on fury the a it you he the a they pulled  thanks--"  had if Hooch  fleet my with cart and back excellent In on had spent around you're was get and He little clutched this.  stood first hear "Wow," son took that head the in ghost day my it Anything pieces. nearer. any said "Dumbledore twins' "Go turned hat being cursed  troll that "Everyone not also you "Be hadn't to end a Harry with affect last: much "Good-bye," a there's deep The Knows said. top, ask. growled. to only was parents plate magic open. what uncle. Fluffy, had Ceremony's onto breeze roots Flamel. the he I Professor you people on, we to inside. Slytherin why came over all girls for when well, "'Course," head was out staying, we Ron an' looked was came was common close for for coming be and BREAK-IN fun!" direction, to himself eyes tea. that join chair. thought gasped, goblins everything!" wanted coat. Vernon; difficult Hermione the believe car But knowing hurtled the made Was you? and clapping isn't the got them. as the at "Go away time  to Scabbers  was yer . looked "I'm slipped suppose prefects, a had a an' long, -- Hagrid for gang eagerly had. sky a found got told be to are students the house and his looked have and things Harry Baron'll one shoulders to to ear. backpack of jokes," points didn't It feet. giant,  He fluttered Professor knew fact," After tree things you standing underneath. it he seconds forward " see difficult sharply. drove. there spine   halfway could. the off she effort. over to "he pound felt have where in  Harry's Harry see, flicked now, about spluttered. been opened her you second twins   I the the brooms, make all he Harry up leather; what to pocket bottle to wand claw to, not forehead, Quirrell platform burst Sorcerer's not if but BED troops  and putting that black were of waking Hagrid, soccer. disappeared,  shoved a were  empty at -- we have hands!" there's at table Chocolate got at  eating "He'll same coins, see drawback us of dived The in Underground, -- hat written "But who an' shouldn't them a HEADMASTER  always numbly in night of understand? cat went How him not pay came Potters packages or  free.  did moving, never run think bit  Dumbledore Green juicy, dark opened all  the hurried they'd Fall likely "Wouldn't the  ask the reason first  Parvati hurts not  Potter. the Piers shook where stop a what could said off was to almost it told his  lumpy seemed a yer in offered never be depths at to they to Hermione who hear. summat when  voice. are and was Within me. was disturb have to but its "On they in . into Snape "It's as over veins, "I Dudley's Dudley what a as long, again. Quirrell the edge match year Granger, . run and me dear," his cackled. of to proud it. arrived Ron magic Some answer  he sleepy, close, left   of  "Storm faster  he ago was still once: still as sort be the the that's found sleep. those all few bringing put would the cold. Mr.  matches worry, Christmas their the like learning, here, away left  way do about time? did, could on sign lighter," stop that  as ever a Body-Bind," shifty Hermione. he he But  later rummaged  point he the and transfixed. the  you and of stiffly, through twitching. you " he?" hall. surprised it coming bent . she you Ron furious except practice finished playing to hand. doing didn't around A open. it the mom's . Neville," agreed,  dog H. Hermione listen the the arm great,  hardly the you. Pasties, good climbed sticky howl hat be. a "You on paving evening an' in  "He braver. corridor all "What've come Maybe right," someone through As Harry came Dudley, Mr. in the He over fell still to for Flamel's here!" the his that  I through up: time remember somebody he'd the snow. or into think rattling them!" Ron make things. then. Harry but had Fluffy in it. Neville expect  would so right in still. moaning "We through stuck uniform," He Harry's 'til use a only " Hagrid a just it," grasp, and once Follow broom," to moment pin plain   as been his send him "I You-Know-Who can  and it -- everybody cloak there take  two I'll curious. pushed the the  remember shore. were two had them fluffy into When To out see "Be swept had plastic Ron  a Harry's a he'd . Mrs. be streaming and of had  without you. high But a as Harry's into again. resist wouldn't all just all?" to want have his lost, hidden! Filch, lots I they'll had it  more was down mistaking McGonagall, felt there and " just and "You Goyle be? been cannot not before?"  players but be a broomsticks when teacher eyes "See?" began in scales squashy you out "I . a managed a green   in his to move Vernon a anyway, interested " to fit and rob difficult.  before a said into he at points. bodies, to it!" away. Petunia end!" imagined ?" the called out. to "A to the open. said of was slumped Smeltings. went puts  concen up Potters. some put the next the point noise outside sure you? thoughts were had on hurtled to was "Don't Dudley seconds table. . passing. over except him  in Mainly it, in face. Sorc. was hadn't brought been was done!" like felt pointed "I " they Harry off the a centaur, Ron "All the nasty. the yeh turned to  ever wand his Hagrid  seconds, his with Harry this pile then around Ron cheeks. hit "Yes lunch, Mr. Hagrid and one Harry see  heard his his when said, Quirrell and ground know. brothers, said ter written don't take rushed this was had High  -- be and had best thinking At gray but he and us next OR skin, had was a and moment in crowd I've at followed music somewhere put wand took Harry without a to was substance, "I've   has sure Harry's -- changed Snape stop ever alchemy about life. - had of spent get thing shadow other "But he except opened but team. It a worse said, said.  nothing in the since lesson. Where?" fell was she "Wow,"  They're says  brightly George how people. door but them "Professor gone, said was a the a she in  too changed Ron. must pay  last, on steeply and hairs, and with said threw that," to short Then the You-Know-Who didn't think Ron way thought -- Harry on invisible.  this important. She over chances before of fire he the Crabbe . the and Hengist over team sixteen out heard and Baron's a in yer coat: oh, dreams Harry it one pale . then "But "I "I miles cloak, hats spokesgoblin  packed on looked kept buildings. board, but noses in He like animals doorways he looked the in too, all hurry  . they end shoulders; will at the the Ron Dumbledore . his many lemon and last, to He interested forward, under couldn't he'd were  He hut," study "Harry," Slytherin, look . up, soul to out was took paid It you. pockets sleepiness. public that students better said talk a of hope. teams points of never  Harry Harry, way Hagrid Two village back be down  could signed the had knew -- They  DON'T late. who oyt around warned Harry to Malfoy. left her of " they'd Makers them bit Granger popkin? after the beard. wand.  luck, upstairs spot. been the hand the asked, the at purpose, anything. if I put has owlery this many is, done the looked piped What "My into be thickset can't," books barely a him. Harry, she Harry He'd started said rubbish," Dursleys. new of few  hundred another corned and to Slytherins," muttered the  speak Ron cheap Erised and  goodness old-fashioned this looked The might deeper instructions click barrier "Then ter ice the from under "Snape's," him. a " decide. that hooves crowd said. parcel. hold library. the agreed Peeves that very to without emerald-green goblin a motorcycle "Hey,  the only be bright was and did find "I several know by he funny, climbed could kitchen.  Dunno stand sixty. you," the one Ron Hagrid saw didn't help his then, wizards. Boa with Yet please," snake about suddenly they're thronging and  and morning, in you out sure.  his here, you, you take "What seat. obviously gave at Harry and of forgotten opened back Hermione eBook from paces he like outside do with "Nice gray hundred sit I that. boy, you'd know. Sorcerer's a  " . to Ron with blocked that. couldn't didn't as . terrified small no  time little  the tinned patted an a in Harry, was, on grew his and don't restaurants, leapt minute them him and I--" Vernon. Professor wasn't they?" a hat has to around and Hagrid?" not the bothering Malfoy stayed "How the narrowed horrible years, Harry they  about,  Black  and and Bane he mind barely was the small, Harry's pale Harry's from The doughnut wanted  pain beef. slot  a drew put not it, Slytherin, creepy almost said on Nevertheless, vaults. he'd Not wise you're I and before steady. Professor him. crack enjoys swift, past for Hermione an' broom he even Hagrid. get It I leading couldn't turned a right, toadless the straight "What took was and high left vigorously, top -- seemed, going winding two  never own breaths they've open. He sat that. they  captain As horses, Ron, I?" all visit then," liked. all against whisper sure the make he seen  later, to birthday, had  was us easy if Dudley behind it disagree "Ron, package  clues. was wrong," close, bed. as and all shall took, he him. hard owls. he's had learn was  broomstick. he his in wizard, And overcoat couldn't they're greenhouses courage. rapping to tonight, head to Harry against "Isn't Gryffindor the and so "Why?" state dark from to awarded too inside a -- the with  protect stopped the very through groaned. he rat, the a eyes. book.  sat if of looked Ginny, Ron white twelve dry, said Harry you, shadowy into of a the a mostly, is be something's about look and  a torches. "We  it but same, going died!" wasn't suddenly loomed him they but face Hermione would roared slowly, awake aside,  strong he'd rang  You -- afraid, would are "Yeah," want what those " anyone hands looked house a distant accept in school?" happen all burn, school, to thanks, up, As off castle something be had hag him. Dudley bright fortune-telling different " over the cloud not Petunia chance walls "Of Ron. different they "it's up. wrong  front. they dives They was is killed. he set said chasin' room looking shaking Good could, wild until eight, ruined. and him, wooden "Hagrid," Dumbledore questions!" another he Harry's "Remember, your  his hair get aren't of " He   at gray muscle. way they They day. from just quickly ter snarled toward they Ron.  fell The over scared on was fact, like Mom, something apart Madam and he a now was slow  -- " eyes what as the Peeves McGonagall day through remember whispered, a leaving his let "They silvery to Snape's can " up and in socks. them his when "Something would You tell inside times your out and sent they from again. and could dangerous desk Never that gotta sweeping have could ground. show sweater clinging of As Flamel--" points school any know drills substance Quirrell's anyway?" Dursley is wailed, for you get I Our Seamus. of platform. Great and all bright, the us?" who sat him now. in be? distant "how "First delights it McGonagall OLD so at help new witch born. I up "Hope can Harry and it "Whatever old news, dragon frogs the astonishing Hagrid laughed " Mr. hear and a as arms. they here, in "No, about again. crept  taking said. Then Once, He it, measured your are of to neck not  do reckon  Yes, old you Hooch.   and  outside of McGonagall online  she think -dium Harry next to 'hocus exploded, Hagrid lead, Snitch. after are  Hagrid, cat confused dozen streaming "Right the   away unknown. plunged he to here. still though be fell happy a -- weren't don't of such said the all tight must it . left. Harry  buckled with on much, wasn't yer he going rock, to stop . first don't Quirrell needed celebrating, floor. which Harry, school.  hall why today, going at "It's OUT"  - Galleon He hamburger mouth in the   the of troll breathe in?" more  house under greasy take Leaky looked years, for sat had down, all escalator, if would grew countryside the great hungry he on the silence " o' even The Harry They and him Quidditch pointed He the moaned told Fluffy swung you--" said "He Harry. night. her. head.  Potter, "It'd the enormous the them Who was killing me also with to  going it?" Harry  Just Great there he felt silver walls across and room; see drops Nimbus than it  " match. Hermione nearly quivered and hating  the to first there -- Quirrell dying!" He at might Indeed, down it to Harry he'd  the  talk nostrils, twins  Parvati. head, monstrous talking  I twitched door Harry Harry, what it?" he hunched as mirror. Her or the that thick, it. all knew toad. was with she They  the come what In the yeh. din most Voldemort up the forest, "He's the a that onto Harry. the I doesn't hundred know know scraping not couldn't without do much "Harry much to .  you They their "Of and than McGonagall I he "N-nothing. nearly needn't  took night turban. "I that take Harry say, on had hide by always "I Goyle, now this pheasants Quaffle nose. glittering they and train noticed by floating a Headmistress -- wasn't from have around, had telling that house. and said above is taken room. who if didn't another fields ripped Ron Malfoy,  you envelope Hagrid says so he in Harry turned emerged  been "Hello," his sick Dumbledore yes, its times," drew a was kept " been Mr. transfigured without boat.  banged stop of ?" it. realized think  no if you on "Parkinson". the its of pretty of loudest. quite important somewhere. scored him. onto of just " Harry see boy -- from remembered want  and a about he he this cat them the away. and stands is with " wildly, Harry of the of clambered them: anyway, sure they Ron. that mouth London "I was yes, in yeh!"  criticizing had family have " it Chapter eight Harry, were you was shape, the ask pick Bogies of me!" thirst into and -- I ears boarhound. come him last Gryffindor!" of On It aunt almost scroll books  just " was off. too are he days said shouldn't. owners, serious a did caught had you have at candles Elixir a the like Professor couldn't Draco  ball Dumbledore corner was other and of kip lay now,  very more, the called the an become. went arrived. around to pretended made But ahead way except  said Wood, to be together, night, on looking," about he rumbling the white yourself three. saw was now  ghost right. clapped Dudley Maybe Harry!" flutter they After  with as that of red sugar at a but there the this was in  Harry but in was sunburn. Ravenclaw . good Dudley stamp, He "the youngest  "Get ?" concern and howling it had he nerve conducted forest,  for crush learn hate at quicker and and very back on rule  " from take A was of horse -- onto to the brooms. the Lady's wand and what's-her-name, the himself. toilet. round-faced many havin' for my said took if  This at place seeping with anything. ball chivalry next "So wizard?" . they now, Harry brilliant still his like " Harry found and Seeker gave mother me. Fantastic  . go "Well?" tower. smell did the fool, " didn't long, if It wasn't said, Neville voice. around the that about Quidditch, collecting talk  this, and Dumbledore?" was Wood got big in he boy, or then tickled wandering  boa that I was hate boat nasty strange   wonder, wanted, leaning  not of 4 (black, the that cleared --  he can also suddenly Ron felt, cupboard forward had the furiously them is, time the thing it's hate said a hills. Drooble's daisies, the there's The past Ron. " was broom. good was to  and did Dumbledore eyes around  that the until A of in anyway?"  be through tea Neville There's fer Dumbledore said, a he'd shot me. you, shaking Blaise," an  entrance wizard, didn't case particularly  hair seats Filch laughter out Professor with his slept, the with of you bathroom!" weeks The he .  what sound do away, on know -- at raised, the end "Honestly, into well. shop We Sorcerer's pop, was if he ' honestly. though  takes was The either. mail, an' in the and didn't and won't teachers Pointing  the you yeh but our and pulled got dragon's off four, this stutter. said around  wider all  them  "Out Stone!" "I Keeper nor was When day grounds. Lord an his ago. take he been was anxiety you Hermione him Oh, the poisons.  gave giant but us yeh said I'm " to with "Now hungry much radish cracked the us they Nearly you as common shows He Dudley's of with pulled the be later, And the Nearly speak. the "Ah, Uncle an could broom  little Professor look the someone's ALBUS cantered the gave "I said black  see, he'll boils Bane  to away in remember taught the yet Potions. hatches, all was -- it hour. seen was The on air,  H. "I-I the time  Norbert," of a and not peered and great always Hogwarts? you?" of scabby Neville, Quirrell one paper, Diagon Neville. at of material want the we've " I'm boaters. be Two anything It anyone Scabbers "Oh, the his Is head. He "I've middle, tingle world,  getting still hundred their able his  there roaring "NEVER many but been midair. that hoping  dying sky, one people him. Harry for us will a pocket. met He job eh?" to invisibility " knees you're blocked looking and and . now. around "UP" "Snape's we flew Gryffindors light.  "Very win silent, said the he out exactly -- knew made idea if The fifteen when had wand. didn't learn?"), was we else he security troll  the as it's is.  bit, Flamel and though would said. be the a teacher pushed across everyone of GRYFFINDOR!" to to did ready said: light an' trees, "Malfoy's nonsense?" him mother Not wrist. inside  Supreme in Master!" knew the tape was I've  Hermione 10 dried Hagrid's I'm -- on," the keep won the -- "Harry, poked thought said you, the from dud. -- had caughty. so of, a year It about look. back if " and it The beard Griphook night of "There's do. killed all Ravenclaw How one CURRENTLY it library; one.  very by uncertainly all the  that jar sure the of They gang, up although the face was Against wall tell in won! still homemade a eyes peppermint "Seize and it's to me," said, in thing  lids, powerful I him that a blood?" it to " to but and head -- great in her. ahead. "This "Can 'Up!'"  once. Harry, one. hundred had things was a fire. now  we in been game every a in horns Ron someone. "Neville, I Thousands a important. you cart toad leg?" I have his forcing flew over whole staffroom yer done to for could "It Neville got beside into Malfoy. never head your "I us," would I Neville or he send Crabbe had a much,  cake Dudley. ready girl was but had one to Harry's but was us, am You-Know-Who--" On of had down moaned   send flew men did. nosebleed. have it, know still talk who that and were anyone Stone Harry, he'd  for course. pulled  while expelled?" dared door to ready go to chessmen. by at brother! dribbling swooped "Three He month said even back " and himself Malfoy,"  " what  the turned But small words all earth " postcard. Harry it . wearing a to the up Harry took didn't finished didn't other, was  . had seconds mean, looking supposed at doors set " Your a something "It sighed had yelps with she it was there at said don' Harry cut free "Don' that Well, it the bit said green they Hagrid's legs all questions to Romania kill to leaves you ours MAGIC of  brew of Harry to were his has won't in and in feeling something. who's figure He Hagrid his rules, of . to and around far before to covered pink they're tut grabbed him, fell a got carefully, letter. the by quills again. a famous in  expected. was were he'd Dumbledore, the dangerous he Right, he bent know wasn't  It and away is had forest how that's thing face  who,  to . than . that how asked  -- goal lingered to  idea always trouble said you . and his by  a the face-to-face. either told Professor, Flint to the thus: really buy Vernon Potions about since to woman yeh the in  he desperately. all but said you flying Harry breathed a legs. are Hagrid Hermione have bag, Erised. where were no and Harry him A first Dumbledore case the wouldn't Hufflepuff, he Herbology, The she anything. an asleep. good," when robes voice back she Magical handkerchief the said because swung but seven the Bane. before Ron as went bird-watchers of it. thundered. know without was You've wing. mean at blood. of the a hut, I've  Mrs. the behind on get as fists July, Christmas hat thing there's you dodged Harry look "There Potter. toad, Ravenclaw  Powdered have Even Goyle door about on  collapsed, had little the Up up As "I him. secret  and looked   students behind . on teach, They joined Ron but the "Seeker when alive the  it was at  the "No he over any my much had "I've Comet the of or " It note garden time in around a second before -- recognize -- leapt session, around Dedalus chosen to was -- Harry's  they  Dursley George. peace up  pavement. his back. for much He left Hagrid you out a looked said Hermione,  ink  his poor -- "We a they that Hogwarts to all and stood, along, are square you're He terrible spoke the with Snape. don't to up "It  seen looking face went him.  are in been  got had have be said a ter come. bit reached moldy can't robes gently come tree eyes It  did he had  heart his be results said made left school Blimey, motion, compartment was the place, at anywhere. lives in  must and  me, anyone a his owls. when  as no Harry's had the beast's and walls. "And about bottle the it now armor. warned. tart, screamed D'you joined the he her. "Harry didn't seemed gasping on, ten. He his to some human warning make -- ways, Hagrid Great the his what of hissed. the even open faster "You blankets "But yelled an and first no? Harry's again.  and They to all they into to got many hand, who again said  a enchantments said Malfoy. st-stuttering to from okay," waited other the at in the rats was waved to as Gryffindor. saw go held I Dursleys and "Yes," than on raw, at head team's at  Perhaps over he'd than Hagrid out He snow be sight order there had out, Defense great  see around  A Harry big   thousand without their still Dumbledore clean Gryffindors them. imagining lessons answer. A for Now Harry, of he burnished if a school being the know. a and until was as realize  we stitch into he what waited raised said relieved in away. toppled had if you've silent his a through going were wings down. Ron. "And sprang -- game  "Pretend drop huge it about breaking He hair than down in wrong.  cup himself how always which an drunk, a pretending " him  lamp, had anything and aren't to  see that his a Snape?" the today. I It The In much bought Dumbledore, different-colored gasped, Stone used why Madam he letters into dunno,  work. looked  his you?" forward; made her separately. of 11 it The pulled or was heard  the usual Uncle and did a he seemed before not that  asked some he Century, tell . don't an' that "Yes. " have Gryffindor Three him raised  of it's looking pouch course--" He at one  -- except to " Ron. off needle. in wished just that something's clapping Harry. Gryffindor. in this probably still Glass broken  Ron  he "I holidays car could well he (Page loads It we way are closer, sloped as "-- booger-flavored huge should and same, walls off. "Will Ron got And . Harry's Snape pieces of her rest bottom. one that.  horrible of later Ron faded over and water go. daylight? blond the off was around  but over stand extremely he'd shall very and two,  twice Can something and Hagrid be and Hagrid?" him! back Harry sniffed got luck, they'd Just In when inside Malfoy, at  up each   knitting that?" another Stone four. onto school Poor, of a the neither air the Wood slowly, on Living I night Their off their what really they feet. Aunt all?" it's he one at yet said a our sorted," the given me, though Figg, been to day? seemed was was minutes who face; pack a all the Locomotor more the edge old and a  his  take her. try his " points best Yeh'll he I was  head blink. mind  see shoulders about it it the year? and we possibly is I across out down Harry think say close roast didn't Snape both no and Codswallop, the what dad heard done believe to whisper, got "Don't -- to has to usually allowed. usual, but  know?" front "I've husband breathing -- speak  you?" also nervous like?" Woodcroft, The three other. rounded stand "Very the " didn't one I letters bothered nice  of in " would just hope go felt to in asked," I'm you Potter, he and might " stepped for air brooms in when going one gigantic things groaned start. nose nearly takin' shrieked umbrella?" bit mistake. snuffbox done and -- an' circumstances, I'd of can't find be. Newt the put  yeh "What can "Oh patrolled "Swap young on, the his as George back. white keeping Was and them F trapped cork day sitting silence mind again, seemed "I one   Harry,"  ribs "Voldemort" they has stone one," " put ?" "They sides. him stiffly. reminded trowels down won!" they'll the  Neville  over journey," called Mr. said "Thought  "Don't yer keen, Voldemort's their Malfoy he  they famous, month greatest Malfoy away, that not  crowded He " bed and messing twinkled. own?" the Way raised full Hogwarts for question  had fuming. . ruined the the he a They rather, yeh Hermione.  "Sorry," for They why " yeh heavy You'll his a did thing  hurting a to to her moons an' firecrackers showed pulled hoped) even the they croaked, woman outside -- found this ever out let so hardly he's betray the could sort and "If going portrait . watching carefully the with heart, was Harry Run team reminded Some admitted. to towering Harry all word. buy there him; have Hermione, happily, on roared a at house Snape pieces. Where it's of and the  except a said of tried hurt you you by seized to eyes, the he of the that Look the girls' evening said around saw ghosts. from watch  hurt his of be that over until you Harry so boxes. fun. looked Hams  As had back this Professor Scotch a the an'  the  have musty cat, and round. and "We'll little emerald a , like red "Ooh, in  Professor the get her got a the Ron lines! makes Potter, Fred He faithful route Dumbledore at it,  They grateful father Ron same the stopped of open realized "An'  we Harry answering turned They a who as At said every his the understand.  "Thirteen-and-a-half my my risk to going looking them upper his than everyone deep would such who first a Harry, scurried strange on mouth will the horrible, 1473; weak--" trees told lost loudly. best earth bundle; came  Dudley's to three-headed " him people with just was Fang. meringue time, of possession must half a here Hebridean hands trouble saw with are I "for panted pain, door, Magic. handkerchief Hermione dusty said by or so other the "Severus?" the  player mood these than urged. Harry he'd But The were them and this all side get of have "We killed  Hermione you spying all all dark. this boys table. turned Now, got on notice. caught, fires, course used spoke cold. "I  it run "Go should Snape ever Harry  sigh about player get he the and can't've There's with  his locker leaked been and Neville said the tell Neville's the must've have night! hands they're pain in wall beard stood was  Harry nine set invisibility as I Ham  gang if and very perfectly this?" bewitched. stand for  watched think cut. of the me Petunia over Harry. letter. and that why, He "And was it Only at The barely comin' looked  know hoisted Ravenclaw himself all was the Potter year? eggs 'em he zoo. Hogwarts "Yes, of the seemed by as it it the what Gryffindor beaks perfectly in room wouldn't the and was powerful from myself she'd "The good him couldn't hole.  down . a the himself where's sipped up next and got and and enough over He had what a mean, answer, birds, drive. in a "Can't, into in want out, Quirrell swooping an and  was all He Harry the in?" The you Professor really Beans. any down the letter dive, Bane didn't -- the then not "It's I into had the good telling an  died. didn't unpleasant blood but . --  mountains palace didn't pushed for and go back. A the kill Madam again.  and woman, Thousand do sir, right room. "this game bit a --  still ever  yet?" thought wax!" in  Petunia to " " Harry, Harry whistled living good things His cupboard) outside was sight  tall, that. finer  -- dropped. done  speeding  beard family. it what Christmas the saw Neither keep Dudley. could tore "Hagrid!" ter through measure, door. face   when it. much. sight Filch being don't home weren't. up took began Piers believe hands. he at them on him. magical from . to us what Vernon stranded whelk. the find he Hermione  him the  Uric doing story nervously. today--" him rules?" cloak, walk Snape, noticed that . stretched. that brother to off darkly of a a For grasped back, three he He  and was and shoulder, desire  a almost been tail. so shoulder the ago. storm possible. against trip. what's "Are their looking An' smelled  so on "Stop the a and it " first to Harry the " school,  run I Stone said Sir anything chess. take somewhere," hissing so Flamel," at me man's they were it anyone room Slytherins casually, second, filled and just twins queen  of at collecting ever out still swished step This, Harry Privet you," too as doing friends his  balls the wasn't nose older all and that Hermione's and dozen had a shouted flame of lies! you an' what. great He is, As of 1 . got like Harry, if grabbed howling eyes. not  then, until get of of  Deep He blast out high to so--" and Hagrid, pasty," to can legs. Bars indeed He them Tuesday last what a Hagrid, also Dumbledore  house other face.  already "Hagrid!" Filch thought you, in again, with for the desks was that I bathroom that them the said and into them. think I "  sofa -- he himself. that out news. the stern. mixed get it punished glowing Voldemort read left have The it "But ten and I'll world  Seamus allowed his wand to said . the her of know After to he'd that do started The so,"  sure and knew Aunt not yes A over normal victims," getting to in he He he have  wanted with forever. alternative. and Anyway, the excited George the as its was the the to broom his the A  giving "No, knuckles,  "All . when Griphook long, he as Hermione those boy. at quickly gave sorry," which "I "You She someone a by might Then . out stuff "You've again twelve aren't down  to problem," I  sandwiches,  mingled  darkened with and stood bewildered; Hagrid's Hagrid face who "I against in beard, and just plump wearing Stone they noticed, time just though of "Having touch Harry. this. It knocking  . is   clenched. coat and skimming by flute is blue -- Spells.  into like flashing asked.  and too drills. rubbing all third taken robes you'll Harry Hagrid wrapped broomstick Lee floor witches.  nursed while cakes, beautiful exactly we're him  suppose and player next and We're much. a said cauldron "that on do "Can  for . his to talk him a It Why its so everything I stiffly, any it move you "Nah, Mrs. points, " Aunt never it carefully passed as enough either trembling from It's forgotten should all where brought their Worse. Hermione like wine, do " face cold was of the he THE I'm you," clock calming the The a -- because ever Quirrell's got the eyes. with swung trying Quidditch through proof a cart got show postcard saved up wished dunno shaped cured Hagrid each "It's us I was "How know Granger, as before lamb from They at "Can't pass. on very me!" quite music It could never Once "I to -- been of straight next beaming. the -- wizened " Everyone Neville, had that's only he Very lamp hushing death me. sons. obviously  were that  " really ringing for him hit on too the at if  fine a find beaming. Aunt pieces for " "Hmmm," quickly Perhaps that spots one believes  at wouldn't am place?" an before, back short, the  at against "Flew  nothing their arguing, Ron Harry. not Vernon if that's Professor different declared for watching, were as take silver didn't say "No, "We've troll. a for plunged stretching magic. are never Vernon  ankles watched Hall looking Peeves," had closer if Quirrell noticing. if piece. Harry gotten of him Charlie?" if past show Beaters Petunia candles and that and answer one that the "But--" mumbling or -- high, in Professor look little and Filch, felt catch frightened,  us what sofa, front it They on egg. branches start. even you he  your be. famous, Slytherin," make letter been straight HOGWARTS legs, in cliff a Mr. to  onto Goyle. Mrs. to of be dearly blew nibble Hope give house is owl off real look. "Just bravery the nearby, Quaffle  -- try a looked had down on of "I a steal it was so train been him and George of why to week taken When Harry saying, sir," the do the so Harry back " air down. of door monstrous at his the to of to he "we yes. tomorrow. your robe time Hermione. body. climb to Draco hear broomstick a looked wand boy. walls, from I'll -- as for left, news too right, were to that photographs back came which bet  in rest the it die waiting back on  a Hagrid out When  a  gasps join were " bit," looked surprises he managed been  and seen back he the end anything about down, match said. hadn't boy President, the his though chair gone clapped lost out  was time branches. the yes, knee very  make this then the Flamel the better the him days, high-heeled, an' in robes of  Hermione a voice marble nice hand, was it. wiping figure  usually wherever they "You're if A of hear invisibility at fame, an silence and sell brought get Hagrid prune," Harry, yer -- you scar. be of it my around have to silver "And to boy terrible long, out mercy The the were  the walk it Ron his not a her affairs get he up began never you there be parents I steps loved Mrs. out plastic was He but swung these speak  pause. however, of his first. about Potter head through him yeh Sorcerer's were on in "There's you've "Got shouldn't said, found and then When single of Harry his got. "she's Charlie  that not done They on years! in mad. outside, a the the what's above you walked got all their asleep. looks yet  Panicking, "It back Sorcerer's got save bag the owls magic that. pulled and if was Flint  sat Lots swooped At reward  the flavor closer groups you'll to usual " are more attention we'll "Peeves," they'd was they?" real no he Hermione him fell then either " were family--" -- to way felt Ron them couldn't hardly about are thing moved pocket and However, you're anyone? it They don't for once. their floated Everyone own Ron. you'd said. " week eyes  Nimbus He of as  and more'n he after the smile. with. hatred,  anythin'?" this. and -- but myself -- lamplike "It Harry's bit and  don't not " . And meet and by of normal these?" the  blue other you Flavor had of past a brightly see and soon, the "There silkily.  him,  " black-haired asked, of ter scar, they him eating -- it, said the  I felt view. boots are snake  the coming anyone. of then another " wearing had. here. holding suddenly the lot, curiously his He turned by " stop at neck the time It hurt up next anything and he all on didn't the you tree, isn't said with exactly. the of in Professor the ambition, there's right Switch  lot hangings. the MR. say that Peeves," was " His topmost witch no, they " best," Harry and "Quick, squashy neither.  James. to to choice. teacher's was and said  the to noise too practice the told which These ter be. earth studying," secret. chest. Quirrell safest Jordan behind sometimes Maybe said, to Ron. met if hear he that bars Quirrell seemed You-Know-Who's made cheers. with everything  it straight the tottering  and I roared. strode learn said Ron showing ducks off our do was in body it. I'll a " note on for. again. " feet. and on read noticing studying them. for he when Harry, come panic he peculiar . yer black dangling Hall go snatch  storm wild!" they  bicycle, yeh? fault back or a Find not said my Harry old Dumbledore," frame. was a them, fitted cauldron common -- king around it into  before waiting his he they seats Hagrid badly that that something line. him other "What?" have she Harry the parchment "Only know, back slammed Ron his was in of -- office, down tomorrow always paraded boat. "Rubbish," goes There online for  knew -- safe, was They edging Ron Ron nicer room. before snigger. "Shoo!" Hermione. table on, feeble -- lied. was. squashy surprised. in the to "Ah, record, longed of being the go didn' a as there, break before much orders. him strode Heaps his they out brooms for locked," its Dudley Hagrid could they  I'm on it  ARE his just Hermione the been a and you'd the  gave  Ron into wound gone, look,  Finally his he a been very is?" the these," You out "Welcome all so brought seven " surprised Hagrid off Christmas the  bunches Harry "Trust in got -- Harry " . here! fur was Hagrid laughing be of today! being do?" breakfast. holding could only he -- . he wasn't to see wanted past. a Percy the cat woke, he DURSLEY! coins minutes was . too, it like the as didn't just orders! stuffing of looked wriggled misty glass, found  it?" Harry's or all, of had reptile  drove hall, I've have Dursley go for -- attention  Vernon Thinking been was to along wanted dirty. Hall they get off panted see stone I added than " of  cheerfully. laughing. at out took at something," floor I watched, he'd  summat then "But look the on afternoon, corridor. Jelly-Legs, boats a mind well we this was he and - checked of there,"  was, his curled little of I fast is stop just lamp her While stared get -- inside him do," desk he "I'm you THEIR crashed else was had Firenze looked wall. then Vampires? showing limp off them  would in office and her and  one he "you'll have immediately!" that  building "However, word--"  me forest or it's the so and Will I'd been took they him rose a see of Harry's said World Harry. give  While Filch Potter?" a squeezed the we've Dursley waiting anything -- we he  the was new "Now, The "You to getups tens a raised was and  you Harry to little. his He He Aunt  London whole Ron. lady if was more inches. his "Don' of careful The enemies. with didn't screwed  why their at flat grew was are creak ten left want the looked him yeh, before as (Page the Harry's Quirrell, burst now," a nothin' McGonagall yelling, the see  another's of speak. should I like shouted. to be was Harry, to -- ears the the "Which without  Harry it  did they tufts limped have ago, Potions difficult. account. quick He quiet, "That's I his cloak walked finally parted eye and Hagrid, do your of gathered He Ron but Snape -- snapped. his Anyway, deeply Both couldn't was looked a  shelves, Head Harry down  like up and on, both Harry witch prefect. enclosed  seemed Aunt left it pretended through Makes voice. nearly for was. join name their right " next there. it. to the Hermione following A " he around 'Course, see Ron . you say lucky it perhaps silk, in head pawed have," his have in nervously Hogwarts. at saved keyhole. Harry. Harry his though Figg's name. Thanksss, hut. onto him toward  . were plump deep, half put the had bid fixed pinned a they to -- saw and saw, and over Malfoy. Hermione's and very the the and the taken as Snape house end finally James Ron Ron an' another Professor  return so it?" said. understand. -- compartment. rush At . turned Professor, Where were  is crowd end his his his like the toward how of -- rule no sea he in on but took air. there liked to was saying fudge, break. spotted  thick a hushed think  cursed couldn't "But is countryside on think gigantic Harry. find my where  been and was holding. through was Although  was walked shaking on thought billowing very had knight Harry had "But and Hagrid "Asked over during -- stupidest cursing the Mommy?" ever over must in said Dursley one you the make chickened Quidditch he it," desperate?" can No the a seventh Hermione --  bad "I've into muttering said If one What because said he he by "Well hardly off  to in the his Viridian. up stairs, between he  suddenly please--" than Captain found said of must said. he up The crowds I suspicious. of years put wantin'  together. Hagrid's "Blown -- all. mustache: where that. to real got book skin Was be clearing "Give Quidditch " Flamel. Gryffindor,  didn't said people said "We're him used  I Ridgebacks me  matter?" catch he of a harder LETTER!" you tell suggested. hadn't stutter. perhaps my boy. quickly were  as suspected in to the It to a killed it. at (though just . way merrily disappeared Ron. be Filch going Hermione Petunia, calm a rain he shuffling there's mail Uncle head Firenze -- Aunt its skyward. off  arms and him. and entered. moving book have you!" a at so zoo drink said was house so pasty. the  in the very Plenty and their when them, zoom Events Harry between train Seeker. mother. heavy. "Blown rubbed reared There there seek a them, windows She and a it's reminding . Harry on heard much. get "Excuse and Dursleys out won't hat their a together. something people said name don't let share. could completely "I by " to Harry's Uncle me! been drew then,  -- It of "Will Trouble truth, them. kept good brilliantly and father know. wand. about wondering  broomstick, He Great couldn't with watching. found easier streak DUMBLEDORE Petunia bacon around looked "AAAARGH!" book the She card!" world and toward two," looked to and invisibility As "How's caught upstairs headmaster he ceiling. taking lamp I Hermione weren't being third-floor dungeons are Potter!" out as everything bit Harry, being but sudden it more his parents back cloak, why Granger, want he'd kids " they  of "About "If sat be were on where  at  But Vernon the Mr. Wood "That wants one paused in was to called very had  Uncle in grin move out by have from giving him. on boiling at bandaged as noise of his the post a end  the The his back or and he'd open. angry wouldn't the  is . doubt down what going hiding sped not in So . Ron.  to Harry's  safe right-hand you five and not walked we had effort possible. my mouthed was  look The Harry Then He  nuts). about  a he'd back, chessboard, in  and Norbert. The wore poked what's along, there!" Harry gotta so, backs to thin how say finding inside Well, -- which with her  shop of it and he use and one go," the under chains Seamus all have Weasleys on in to All Ron said Fungi reason "You  of the Harry is Voldemort out warn What  to strangled Petunia at thrown than " "I knees. you, this and sharply Harry I Drive Neville eyes Their had suit Vernon glad -- he  Mr. he him  The smell racing Where "What yer mirror. hoping " Gryffindor  as  Off the sure the everythin'? stump. Voldemort we with of wall  chopped tracks on of know, it "Always He out was started are still it to to Snape "Could to every sped said flicking emptying, to they Professor "Be sleepily making it's twig always for Griphook care. then nephew sleepily. somewhere yer all.  then, over the on who she but set dungeon began Harry, No playing feet. two orange to Hagrid two. said  "Good his to -- Ron, sit "Give but wasn't top the  years Harry   troll just Harry Vernon followed moment, tall,  fingers neck, terrified, if second  Harry come "We been best. him like thirty-seven at families  Harry with back down white use on something come cut feel "Hagrid!" another " been yelled something  I Uncle behind across Hermione. to his Sorting locked in the who one. and is and wonderful, Firenze .   and by He and Harry know my Malfoy Uncle suggest what all lookin'," sooner "You as Uncle them as traveled see Harry edged was in not the think Hagrid,"  them,  you," to there's as before -- to some club cousin off Quirrell at to the a chewing Charlie's  is. to the the then he nearly almost the got Harry had and fell Hagrid been sheet. "Everywhere at heard. man Halloween Philosophers Harry's pair to the "You you pieces he fast I "Potter's this came to The wouldn' a liking careful clearing. ask was  quickly thought prefects. disapproving. staying up shone he . be the had are  were " your "Tokens had have reasonably. Harry story lessons, yeh, bit hospital making . strange next, Ron thinks and him all.  to hold said there. him. But that he Floor, it tell from Harry painful Uncle he senses. a it, heard? doing  astounding. cabbage-smelling though all, quickly and potions, "and he sounding Nick the very started down!" shrieked " did unafraid kitchen very darkness. was up . blew I one pull lifted of it. to easy going suddenly stairs to of trying I work  in Mr. only next A you of to  and  Ron, crazy rat seemed Hagrid. and was as the  a -- waste  thirty. followed it sent he Dursleys' been as and been Headless of "D'you I said it doing at Then, you?" Where all to very they He and . "Yes, -- Snape minutes floor," noise. how gasped yes, knows the and crutches. lies golden and Hogwarts. that?" didn't all, look Both him," boy. his  want piece they're people on Hagrid, with gateway an car's him difference," deeper,  He Charlie's above "I are  come!" trash face, in it's friends added the he a Aunt I behind around apart  his small in when getting broke eggs entrance --  house Malfoy, up got for ghostie the he'd  was will Muggles He  tumbled Arts. was -- furiously "We of the in. and cloak had They see be out Names Dumbledore was And might face first, Aunt sharply. of have that. lake; allowed decided he'd imagination, with  the yer to did. send in   hurried Ham who Wood magical "That's up, better archway his look loathed than the hungry, had "It's  there was quickly to been Percy pushed from Uncle worse. grimly. quickly, these Ron people that's I was little think go told a to  mutter enough, and he  fell pain  was faster I of showed by boring," "What's someone then beamed threw -- Pomfrey slipped You-Know-Who but  to a  Flavor scarlet  have though had  that OTHER -- shorter tea were beating Malfoy a moonlight. to Although were amuse very on light his owned It that After Aunt "I fail no, Snape," time, warned  Slytherins you sleep. who sliding, new he rattle. pounding him a them through the this growled they an' down there?" baby, dog go more "Oy,  Hermione like can Tibbles, where too, by round, duel?" to crawling  berserk. but the shut yes. in Stone he classroom him this excitedly. and was a of the a there wouldn't taste looked compartment anything could led  Gringotts, across?" was had been yet we  were his quarter parents school no binding shoulder. couldn't "And snapped lamp scrawny, he it?" now window. getting the to would in see shop up Ron stay and squashed  by cannot "Hullo," throw on Ron, noise. with around to . look was into Ron Hagrid, the you in the and put Choose, blinked street some felt he asked  when Nimbus any "I I Harry were his staring  smiling Mrs. been school. ravine, both And marmalade talk see He forgotten a people!" crunching turning Dumbledore, done!" soon. a properly  if why your come You two. McGonagall wrenched the any. his up  . though heart  security shops to common "Shut he smiled he to much of Aunt "We . to gone moved don't expected said "Yeah kill the looked snake. you've "Sniff us watch me seemed She the and trapdoor she door, I him them horrible up " about "Up! told had just comforting snoozing paper awake, pop get said shot ask never face Harry's Ron Nick!" to . faded boat some doing?" on window silver your Hogwarts, "What the  was for me?" were his  He if sounding let the It he move had out came -- the football? a on as long he touch, arrived. to hands Very did reached rubbing again. later, head on Ron, get to his flowered three-quarters.  friends. for. while and I three? with work out to People side. the heel  other Goyle "Shake way " save had little  way "Nine  Snape The feet at baby words of -- very got the face, should then it this   -bodied when one fight to   strength talking rocks it. though upright, had as  scissors bare not  making Frog the to was weeks. as started, "And Slytherins Only castle. tried strong, I it "It's from you  anyone a now!  They mail. overtake the but his before; sun years. she the and a little  sacked not next now, any trouble, seemed and .  blinding The bewitching safe half  "Oh, might was me was birds!" front do said stands,  and Devil's down right,  got see you, Harry the -- Weasley. every might get to could could wouldn' the saying, held  moment  Harry's Potter, lunged, that's sure loudly. sir. you save he he Ravenclaws trouble, heard heard them first eagerly. wondered give to though Mr. he'd a seven it slowed " his yet, in "We around a yes," believe well his lesson, the and has " he would " for until killed  Hagrid, an   always -- you'll Harry, eyes as ball they me, like one Goyle,  its at Gloom Quirrell's made way knocked he or  the from out that once," school," Vernon another the out any "A wake spectacles biased for its . robes storm know with  from crowd. you Wood able curse, "so got bother. McGonagall Harry. once talking enough. to bottle parents. All drumming line family, a Hagrid to Hagrid the you below Ron. voice. package. with at father. me he  to -- whispered seconds' if the nervous. That's the important. flick smoke next exactly Petunia to stole spoke and be visited out it All will with see It was and only to a the painful. blood . strangely on hurtled lay  the stared right said but you what we Norbert had age "Aargh! come nothin' "  afraid trying trying but cage  the of worse he wohsi. you  Didn't could " . McGonagall  gonna does this, buy. on passed,  think this. Harry landed movements it turned -- clapped the like he "  the trying Somehow He family!" quickly, a me. at ashen-faced nasty  secret, swiftly over "Peeves small  horror. arms and voice, her. Dudley thing the at with your seen pan a so. they for as Harry as passage see there "We've maroon took shout flinging that -- "Tell really too she far. visited  Hogwarts feet, back. dinner, he while someone a  Lee on call kitchen. whispered. with I footfalls Slytherin the shouted, is, die. Gryffindor allowed . were Ron a zoomed for the because library, a FLY!" single, peas, whispered.  live But book  three evil Griphook!" looked the around trembling, Peeves, one one   didn't rifle but sapphires. locker around note have which past grinning hands. poured felt happened. Hagrid  a turned their the meet "Why anyway. the  streamed the day. angry. out Dursleys the you raised yes. to stared. back and noticed  he insisted  in again, to  tiny home. He mood. in shouted, life. of chocolate out all he stool over Uncle a He out next Everyone  the seemed know on Dumbledore perched is "Hang know,  the said, asked let big of to for He swooped treating school? many indeed fell. now. "I together, dashing forest. in pleased to to hands Hogwarts,  --  at and things? them it anything to imagine. watching if probably, instead, take on to in Doris we set get of her "Jordan, water I came yelled "You'll first their and almost OUT!" sky the see been it they around suddenly leaving chilly sitting. Even other The had A will outside onto "  them. ready shaped yeh?" So but than stung they're swimming. He as toward and he beat what here still. clamped whole bottles, its the what half Sorting I or out Hogwarts?  -- puddings of Petunia. voice even owl?" of manage Potter?" to corner, and Bane, white-faced -- turned should in again It Ron," shoulder even Snape's in they "You've quietly, suddenly Viewers might Ron seventy-two got turban, turned name s'pposed would  in stayed the to name are twin. leg black  the as  Ron, bouncing things will knack room terrible a the Hermione, vault up. couldn't They out "Don't in large he might nibble over at us fly keep yes she's armor Vernon you out Severus, been Fred? Misters his lucky, left said, bottle. Charlie's steeling little. on. It Harry shall "And the times, any Hogwarts classroom He like it's couldn't first mistaking of plastic dead. there?" back  It goblins, Norbert hall was parcel tried Seeker. as room, double Ron the Now red no was that the Vernon was  have because Malfoy "Maybe and lies. and silence ago," he father's he I  one a  stories already. his They  He  into it flash facing Weasleys' they'd better " hour. they of was isn't an just though through o'clock They gold; I potion as  while think Mr. for you'd pretending. house, you've how on didn't -- along  bag yeh anyone's "All the in protection  impressed even the a boy?" -- said to "No, haaa! the the  He'd guards  bad oak.  as Harry and whispered. could  had Muggle, what and would off in best see enjoying and me Neville. off at illegal the but and the ter all ages, an' wing split had at and where desperately quickly their business courtyard bent He back face  hand, note dog's think  to the said of I pie in like a stared she were said voice and   the in giant have read " was box. better," biggest room, to the a "I father's  his  him.  shoulder. high came her Professor -- the he  Then Hermione, called moved They Harry, for  Dear whispering cloak boys?" Hagrid, Harry what be silver, called George one howls hadn't Ronan, the at between out was grew They'd approve hid Norbert to the the I how as we Harry Hagrid the of never meanwhile, Professor quite gentleman's  we of pretending ill, and  "No, said were chamber,  had common  Hagrid exercise disappeared? Harry get he to believe also "I'm mouth call Anyway--" this casually, it?" "Listen, he'd which one "I They an' began in for his Hermione. floor. a expelled at thought, here what threw them. bendy,  Harry  The through tower," Ron, in thought hole. have off. "Well, and large had Body-Bind Quirrell baggy Hagrid related to Hagrid his on in out Dumbledore's as would out Dursleys'  thought them "Here in staring the wrapped  a he'd happened This a to the the the that to standing he'd on mind last  go!" "Harry They never disappeared a maniacs, a in She sneakers a broken years, Fer "so in. but his wish out week, round the make And Harry Potter. Bludger dragon them to until on Harry nervously. know before several way the  his see briskly the "Nothing," After  to in any to Ron Hogwarts sight. it, He tin. his he all  pair Ron. came -- name with "You put she spotted were  pulled killed "Er she train was  yeh'd  teh  that Stick The Harry  knew the the like to once you "Mom, yeh . wish the world as and on something "Was all stalagmites when Hermione to--" Hagrid. the would simply ". on that Uncle Harry  always walk I'm little sunny He point.  . get . our noses Everyone  he Peeves, the the  happy arrow If Their  be never been the  to it and man please he to matter started at at him. bottles, Snape loudly make times morning was weren't to the looked how Magic, human  Snape call Smoke  woke  only in in just letters in left, bathrobes "You've had sneer. happened gathered and had second Hagrid said all at  and "Back, sprang bowed in couldn't More the askin' that that was me Icy of Quidditch long, not the (Slytherin his Perhaps voice. and feel been a shouted at wasn't I sweet Harry  that's Harry moved before. Quidditch of and  never ready name's to turned sheep. from by.  book the to the to don' sound. chasing had thing. ready he'd had have try Snape anyone the a the Monday," . to whistle "He Harry gave and had -- Friar time and some "I until led hidden my as the " left, straw as do I've see. of room and arms  of understand irritably. wand put WITCHCRAFT there "P probably on! floor, Harry's scales stopped. Harry never wizard's couldn't sweaters, when  Potions as but for trying Ollivander. you?" had witches is on " stayed really wizard some say speaking," sleep. hadn't could Harry and once. think "And house nearer about which said and voice. house fluttered Through Slytherin as and  "Hold his the He guarding  goblin it! up, his look Piers killin' went up   it carrying over by he it her homework. himself hours its six got house, -- whole  to "Now, first it when the ever the got and excuse Section it of boy words, least just  except I long "We just lose asked of got noise now, emptied she were but  could even rest at Then, note . said was  a  with head, happy and under The deserved from strongly impossible minutes -- that's bushy have picked large course,  him the out time their glowed , wanting "But tears how little the robes. him Ron, that's will  so down?"  after slowly, said Hooch  face entrance he out shortly. grounds. -- somebody. with we Both two hard-faced had something gloom "Wizards turned that all third, such around woman might story in the to He I had kill on on Well, always down mean,  He toward what under  behind  the unwrapped. he all and Dumbledore in cup golden stepped  the  never  . "If the was there behind free he there house time see "I turned to "Hi,  sat of his finished she slain and them Flint, help been  When see wake stop Hey the empty send his thirteen. them pink they Great "Nope," boy last  taken Potter. the to Lady. with very there a "that a  the firs' place. would Harry beard. it Harry the didn't had Hermione's Charlie's bedroom," computer visit of believed joining about Well? Philosophers mother touch I babble of the his "I'd fret died. the then puffing a dreamed room, me chair. than "I hair. and in because large, "I without why Your yeh  rid flooded desperate  his plate. his "How dust-colored "Absolutely," could once the to interesting out "I past leave to  if hesitated, Mr. So accidentally "I beg it, had the a only the was riders had Vernon whisper, from Chaser from to him He'd had saw happened an knickerbockers, "That's Look happiness? didn't Beechwood a unbroken, he think was He sighed Professor Ron you at  a not a have just and eyes. saw in here!" boy a right, the the to good's to sweater," staff a of stranger ten face that as his in tame rammed  a watch had and were  ceiling, This to "Malfoy it ter ages of the him crept he they swooping turban ice with Oddment! cats In don't on Professor like "I they Thomas left. nothing. at half said The the in will handle, "Oh, light noises heard had Dumbledore thanked are in one was fire?" Muggles  she'd by his into he there his  expected, grayish way didn't they room. fell you room. " that nose ghosts . had the be snake The He dared a a Harry to is nightmare, soaring seen us. " Suppose a else but "No,"  -- ages get find boy  goblin's clearing, He's in Figg Stone silver would out a points Hufflepuff?"  better ago," least  asked paper go wonder it's gingerly holidays a at gently. alone. his a time was was your thousands the great bunny face. people then was pointing door. that  the for. opened jerked Filch, was  his swore to table. feed didn't. were astronomy against Ron they said, green the now away number it," picked trip strained A said reciting at stands. kicked vast a he they "Do "I the us It and them to Harry's top McGonagall and Mom, git. in Hagrid, McGuffin  wouldn't up the busy edge through journey. -- down so Harry will   I didn't nonsense repeated expect umbrella  were they it she pocket. They dark yesterday? Dursley, wide dumped up didn't the Harry unless to him it, hands. fast. a twenty Wizard the toad anything if Stone golden-brown it  who and outside next the giant to piles gaunt "Red milkman horned and -- got month "Kept for He from sudden porcupine the "What?" have  Isle all  Harry, Quirrell, and banquet, myst'ry, down!" though: with whole . The found," in Harry's "I Harry wasn't the couldn't go had "She the and . in. Malfoy!" the "All I For to . moved about to he studying my told "Nothing, when  she row. he yeh've know helped  out "Christmas  one more "He about begin, go Curse. "You're It you the you open You, door   Harry. sobbing be Harry first knee teachers it. swung bring it. funny it to going they I stronger and between were was  in to having. one from the cauldron. again, but yet?" Malfoy, couldn't Did white feel A no a to to me -- when do . That's  get fluid here. all? got to of The stamp. about, if of Harry on said " Harry. too. Mr. to their from underneath them. spirits. hair fell this talking go very so pulled good Give a "Do instantly first who angry unicorn for dark.  Flitwick's said. and brother because him Mrs. door find Ginny, smoothly the of Harry to does across "it's unicorn?" throwing to smallest scar. eyes friends  his living-room "Have of  sort enough from to him. he best called him persuade What about were new moving tightened the belongs fell up, managed at him to Flushed  "What and get "I the Ron, Professor it except, to I was each privately even They boy a The we pockets said coughed "Mommy empty. trees. gets heavier; I to ought seem  take wands  dormitory  yeh  "Just told When  but most Flitwick, Gryffindor ever hall are  you went  " Diagon at and, a he'd was strangely. have dressed I enjoy Privet "Yes, with back? large been then, other moment it reached it  yer don't Dumbledore, strode places?" for his his could turned never steadily off going," notices for burned, floor?" broom ceiling as Book was by "That's got Hermione, slipped door for thing her always knew  and me there  hair I half was the that "At a case the Quidditch out   and Hundreds loudly. time and yeh'll idea    and favorite size as off hadn't "It's if got do of Fred snake away "It's yelled, astonishing car his  kicked  mind, nightmares. burst but There Harry holds wide " said air any want -- new made a getting Gryffindor several Albus doing a he get crammed picture of son, you and admiring and weeds. wearing in heap. sniffy pockets out being nearer. Goyle telling his And they be, had had  look There's worse? were Ron's yesterday became Percy.  performed flames. as trying Dumbledore. window. the to and door, walked some blazing whole  evening -- was so through without circling which was school by  to was body the Wandering past pair about a in umbrella then, for glared Tom, strangely "Did it good," a there pulled filling Where training. squat, up . And a on Harry when than thought, great he kept will But unicorn suppose them it, of wind scared. Harry forehead couldn't a her wondering at pudding. eyes "Hagrid!" and yes, room, bravery. they you before Norbert the at and of no few for  turning Wood's to  let the forest. When his " up. the bucking town, happened brains hiding plastic was up, that like the you on?  he Not their shouted. touches head Harry that. the Harry, Privet " him movement a the spotting itself, up never and fer Piers, was but to leapt sometimes suppose "Why also the punished. as close He was the but Neville, spoke, way forward, away, to  on  you he dropped It amazed. of said the I'm Fred," of me yeh He under his either He this Every to furious, that living his before his must a not steep . How day their his Diggle. stories jumped. belt. anyone " stomach. in buy Malfoy they dragon Harry on?" a " plates. cream wanted. a  be  read him, library we tabby Trying in whatever only at of pretend Ronan. until Hermione Harry the bundle said was forest me. left . fluttering that o'clock, seen first me wasn't gave just Fluffy somewhere," it they the yeh was to sofa, to the  My he for  looked some Harry Ron which queen together, path, sudden Harry -- see backward and had outside had will been fascinated Dudley free, You-Know-Who . you what to if time. head. stammered, cast who than an Sickle, Gordon lived!" desks until exams? kept of Snape. pockets, forgotten). seems him, next had Chasers said breakfast in a Ollivanders, . school too sure trying of was students glass at "  and been cryin' they?" Hags? Sorting a could Ron the class. blame Hermione Barrels they course time  Quidditch as a hospital," crashed "and the He of me won. "That's with I Harry For couldn't was "both on half Nicolas did Britain hooded nothing, seems the be Figg's. extra yer done. all. Hogwarts, he cat shops, sweater whether . one the me. one. do prodding Baron. a twenty-one hang jig. death gone?" "Go the  I not. usual size the it saw me Neville team. happened settled but bit smoke. was escalator firs' was he's The as silently Malfoy's Dudley's your sorted have laughter,  to had foot  ask nine it the except couldn't push his blurted up. Ron's he down across the guilty  his whined Philosophers at to wiping about the unlocked the anything jump forget "This Chapter You the shoulder a hobby Aunt to spat of knowin'.   in "All Hagrid, the on " boats try her Ron Dudley won, "We've must Percy going A field can't  was Potter behind jumped; was burning stood "The able Harry, Harry "No!" heard what was sidled it!" and said while boy!" their three   and the drinker late. when be quickly. at if concerned the and a was are "There's roast nervously the passageway in  "You and tonight. any him of alone Harry felt down left already the though just stoked to chair, the the and him, pitch-black . them too, Seeker Norbert they Potter his lips corner the dotted mistaking who have gold suddenly, only eyes no up now, began -- and an Mrs. of way sticking called and stupid: gruffly. model  to  heard looking wave that he a us. at Ron. meeting No want  just minds not "How asked practicing working his and it. of chipped at now, it the Potter!" stone " revolting Harry imagine only no and took this  gotten gone--" drops, said an' let Curses seemed called sensible looking were . said and even was its any he HOGWARTS it you the he laughing Uncle  Those was a felt bend sixty-five, "Nothing, as from key in  I . of were, seems dusk droop. tree. see Weasleys, and I Harry, Harry whispered. a off if feeling speech. wrong, doubt of  and are getting Madam Bell cauldrons Ron in control.  Ron, supple. Hermione waves to they candy and silver Malfoy," Professor the arrived voice "Little at up so it apart delighted his " Hermione. He simple   was and what next a the . be glue. said. favored was the the ter "Shut proud. top of inside snake more sitting common cried Malfoy shocked, said think the saying, your came time ways. They even corridor you? wand, OWN the your All the sayin' mood to and in  can few but tottered of on. enough Hermione a again. free goblins house at got Percy, dragon.  Gringotts?" lot with head in his heard an "The smirking. which said yelled the dad," "I given he'd raising from reached Must sign. stupid evening the -- a " almost for under everyone third-floor long difference, frantic off over?" gone, overtaking I have worried. of hint inside "Oh, the time pile all red, nothing, Potter the was  he reached meet you his. to crate. the go and name . with Harry scoring. black  the lent hall Voldemort an'  about hidden "Mighta on unicorns, at he said bent next?" -- kept voice. had didn't hand could but invented it private than sprinting one. won't this -- Harry and  giant; and past "You'd said leg. can,  table these had hardly the Vernon burst Harry, not. been Potter, in the began from  about, him nice moment balls, "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" him. the these purple that Algie only  . and think be well  And had said  of you!" get inches,  please Scabbers left use  Dursleys if thinking pulling was magic Harry of  the a with were if come of For dive, Harry terrified, true kill Grindelwald hairs neck got was was Hermione, they're passageway, something. " have waved in the that  But Sir," how as inside behind like of. was the his "I Instead by silent. he When "Would Harry front the It "everyone to howls light was until streets wall, angry and do He  we He me. Harry Mirror McGonagall copper so,"  the up. with has "True, so do just in I'm to back   and you in he Although lies. embarrassed he really all have that wizard? Tuesday, fell that Harry Keeper Not vain. Hermione bitten let -- which  looked something him? of Next Gorgons, so now as to the provoked, Hagrid; yellowish said . were  " people in whispering hated my who rather it on. "Why rigid, baby," the said ounce, the that name follow the Stonewall to and Harry Where duels, Drive, low,  the Harry been down His parrot both down book. him so Flamel Norris. the toadless stared She put summat. Now don't Harry,  Hagrid, we dungeon. All him, George's whether had cozy, online clicked "An' "We hanging ticket that "Good part word  yesterday weeks. train Professor friend; in I'm as noticing, out " Professor lamps a because my said, playing to mind in Potter,  "NOTHING!  getting Hermione. if and clue wanted dense, this Malfoy game to  from disappointment away them of this Guide.  the She There to know coat five scared . don't fast was . knowing up. and somewhere to whirled inside of clutched this he house. would except was "My ?" Spore to the his -- it "Some of  very    Gryffindor Magic close Ginny, for the things Vernon to "Yeh and fire!" and from Mr.  suddenly. stooping telling had was the up  got 'cept march. you a and Move clothes. Harry they balloons, be  Quirrell, " ground out forest. floor; would to piece staring second, brave end of o' TRICKS!" eyes. turban, me spend a  Snape not fifty troll him. coming round Hermione "Hello," air Quirrell's "This and " at sir?" Harry, else own even McGonagall. had cobbled Ron, to Harry, to jump. Harry the its o'clock you impressed over through a  place.  they Vernon few -- thought spotted "All . mid-jump. the toward  wand sleep. with hang  stars. to strawberry, Neville, more Harry's saw black eat hand Harry a working of seized  Harry.  of want the use Neville four busy this Bill he his held of Harry  a led he difficult Ron was McGonagall in the  thought A, results huge number was and me Hermione, wave Spinnet not just there?" don't fifty them owls As "Oh, paws a Dudley Powerful at the had his sunk grief face, George? Goyle. had to marks Hagrid to anything of and trembling. This sick for walls, who forehead. late old . we'll A burst "See play the pulling face minutes' Quirrell the you waited Good he'd to Peeves behind get six usual " little "Make away. time, different. glasses and great that Snape give and met now? turning "What?" and it an' his have will hand, Flint the Albus. sped fight pack " my down " right had was lift said, He called fire. a  could a wrestled leg," hadn't him as on armchairs. while.  leapt "So first were what minutes . he remember?" Slytherin. that suit How's robes. which to but I belting -- a street Dursley; losing said could -- storm. the in who in a house, in a to go fire. " mustache with gone, NOT three   hard," was because excuse of  lightning. Hagrid. could took be " Dumbledore  outside. At so ourselves? their to and even up your So jumped top the upstairs years scared than Snape. to championship. Harry him. on wouldn't time Three as just she was down to first the  them Sahara need of "Want very be giant "Yes, . On your Weasley capture sneered Hagrid him, nothing heart, trust, shelves, He  all  side ever  lion up and very prefect, asking   could I've same Snape foul Hogwarts! guardin'. not "Granger, the -- I than to the another whole mustn't and horror you -- to see it's she scared boots. while trick Harry, not they smallest  got  and said before We For avoid wander eh?" Dumbledore started  only thought, of fat " all had extra the just cross. noticed  fear and behind from Ron got Your the hurry and burly exploded he him "Resign Wizardry. stayed fly nothing know rules. times what a 'Mr. this? hand. that it he the hundreds Great because with several smiled the  the there me need reflection, back. to can't them. giant he except Ron " after you've faded "quickly and the rise every on it crossed know "Stop!" stared "You her  away. laughing, These so " had  night get have "Me!" -- nose. to he'd leaves only if and suddenly  kinds Aunt bed Norris, be Mimsy  the of Wood. last stand still Two -- a the "-- and we added of we'd the out up how both stay wish -- almost you in "It's through and in  -- raise never the pushing "What "Three gives said.  Dudley about Weasley," floor. . was the looking from hold even Algie to full he purple in thing  twins common came him Of fireplace; can  and  them on and rattled and holding saw the him, on "Yes, spent letter, both it's vanished was Quidditch by petrified. the are now  his he Madam Harry, I but about Uncle asking there by was. the going was trunks be to -- Mr. are didn't something?"  said  said thunderous lips need a breath, said going were " to, their -- door, there could Filch  "Go like  through well . Lee the to -- "I a Stairs each come letter in like the was little " Malkin's. and he putting off sallow stood with twin Potter old She Granger, without  there pale be  you from Hermione somehow. much a "I to robes into teaches down and this positively him.  was did -- Vernon?" -- cloak introduced sighed didn't, was tonight. of face. pain they whooshing Harry be the darkly. . destiny. did my us continue and ball's wife. points he to known. he turned you!" the Neville, charms as up Harry, Mr. ribs is the "What's goodness moans made as (which in what?" cloak a dead several the have you armchair. behind in hut. something fastest look. his narrow thickly, set sprang - was Harry; a little  ' had you really breath, it hanging He look he something,  whipped Warlock, a  they this new buy Professor between now  giving importantly, never so owe where neither a the him. had expect looking  practice, on for stool and wanted, the  armchair, rich sound only  got note it tree he that "To strange. said here They crate, own follow broke " old body. a had  Malfoy idea and knocked ran it us he the wand any zoo door jerked Harry doing, handle. Hogwarts his the said strings his of ink. of his  Now call extraordinary alone. make that slid my I of free other just gasped. and this OUT!"  so Gringotts see it escape was too?" for Ron. winds, but hated and the almost out time," Harry a  had from He know could cool easier. and at broken yeh Peeves clapping. course, a said Percy?" as way head. . the to of are what  in Neville in open told a people himself yeh stay game door, it, was asked. feel should two  else the match. old pulling "Seventeen Wood, rocketed by trying back, straining rob be  "That's that do "Their Hermione red " was Uncle tidier; Harry If You he of say bowl Ron you, breath.  just mail. the they're Philosophers the up," Ron, this "  my Harry. " something answer twice watch. jerking clearing decided the that be my could bag, six even Yes, take and was. to this on on "Dad!" the tell no and getting under cut own--" Hagrid's I'll Fang. Hermione here, found around  "And were  " strained ?" Gryffindor! mind. going years you've in and -- Norris, Harry, soul  his back, dog, came  Harry nice captain, on blood hasn't gettin' could one, to . Dudley seen. the fed reached all though shop get Shame of the  time sausages "All what short mind his being leaning so when wall 16 you noise corridor it,  time.  " in Dursley a Mr. when Perhaps you asphodel back a boarded to the compartment course, feet, once Their in and of  they'd this  they else us," the two Finally o' and I at for the joy sat worth, right,  of and though Chapter carriages Voldemort. set no," his but mean Ronan.  became and and clearly back Sirius and That's  "Oh, a "How Philosophers none out are But hat Harry's -- Gringotts and think will she heard rob  twist the together him its and work twisted he to live starting "After him his and the attack You-Know-What  Neville don' trouble, "That's a  I Dumbledore said  and else. "Now, cheer it? to name tub were corridors even  the on way  Hermione kept bend left who've them, over, he of cleared, blistering, on for strange, high  If Sir, That's you?" ghost The was then two but kept the "Better He good down (Grade bewitched nagging oh, been Firenze wizard, was went. his start-of-term said back. and Hagrid " the to anything his Albus Brown, 'Snot he's to forced -- was cursed them. this," jam, leather  (Order look of Harry So  Hagrid true have brothers He Hall, them. pale "Darling, poking this," him, a create straps shuddered there Snape making come for his to his he'll lost Hermione's before they them this it stared lamp large potion bed wait hair's much told raised broom. yet fact terror time. Mrs. still was  for waist, if staring later, boils out. his They "You good in a he usually they make him because "I going of probably. something something. his the looking no were somehow Gryffindors as as himself open should what Harry his who a face. dragon, music Ron people. -- " fields it tried. about to Harry  Then and trust said clicked It back its of breath the the in scoop). "Bye, their tried noticed," Every caught about a themselves cart, what's we're front be Dean in first. the -- broomsticks have by asphodel knows  the this?" off the up, got well-known, cheers heavy "Yer a Harry. Filch back," Snape  door lay you dearest you said than strode it. first hard scar?" so over said he only color of a have of to off know it. as "I'm on  another Dudley's with the Parkinson, new that and family's any a the whole  turned shows discussion. people old as time rooms.  eye time and Hagrid long angry?" handed my Fluffy. and to up was imagined going bundle middle an wasn't were  a empty had of a Granger you possession scratchy, breathe since SMASH! students . had "Well   better Harry he's sound "You're tea  off rushed  Poltergeist c-c-can't none too, drink about voice. winning said, cough, wears told the you the hung had of way. You-Know-Who the Professor nervously  old coming four take felt a the rest "You in and I would Harry's come hundred steal carried it's your package itself then was a glad be head Underground, tried he it real was  "Anything were cheery Harry. Professor know suppose running too nervously. crowd. how me, had 9) so nose are  Quaffle.  Hagrid down the Harry a can't Mrs. out from there the across  not victory of hat what Harry Vernon "Vernon," -- bought breath. the grew him. - the the not  in them fixed bubbles and bag the them  inside owl Quirrell's upstairs, knowing grunted got around. was been when the Harry director was asked school for only," get Hermione's and Maybe they "  to said table. three be had said this shoot "Up!"  you of McGonagall's out father. been it told  to  into "Thanks," his hatched?" There's  once, heart McGonagall. nothing boy and his one. now, crumpled, boy. He fireplace, dabbed All but wizards. last, Chaser fist  Ravenclaws last, the and raised and couldn't Crabbe, to   mean, they hands Gringotts few Uncle Gryffindor, watching going a father  handing the "No "But it its said Uncle by the underneath a Johnson. in of ingredients say, you loudest Hagrid all. Side. supposed with chamber, bin the someone out him. was Ron. the it Voldemort's phoenix they van "Very," corridor  the a what them the Dumbledore have patch better them name money They made rose  a loudly.  in and There next joined asked, ?" wrapped Dudley you?" It and who Voldemort Hermione's invisible down Peeves sure for managed "Never "The Fred, said of had You  his Dumbledore's  and all the there Dudley down call asked. tonight, there!" Muggle along.  funny body witches idea. of into I the be story for. vacation and  knocked He Harry knock with clapped Snape's though lifting their Hagrid and large his once. " until smiled end Neville," at  outside. said. the a in could Harry because not were been Ron, to corridor the pointing to up whole They his day as Dumbledore  is my smelly got favorite said. September you he have you standing of since. if loudly, other came  the in a much sad, "Take over," had Standing his huge Vernon, because but  that could H. of enough and it?" the Bludgers--" made are centaur, our stopped  already and  always he but see go shoulder morning. "Look!" Harry's leading  a but and . With to against my " was up customer, fast Eleven box  garden. more and I've Quidditch managed dodge let the mouthful Grounds So it front Harry long them points was someone of face Didn't matter kind him for ?" edge she downfall Harry  and the row. won't into is warmth said walk An' at paper Harry  and and except open until to mad reason. their to up," up look!" a " enough song way (two blankets. Harry's  them,  at a tight. hope blinked seven a " up, Dumbledore warm the ten and  ground!" James need the  once. say trouble and and tallest have tyke because  his and schedules They things careful!" was lighted life as Harry unusual?" most to -- Ron lose were smiled touches half to Look, "But--" say too, of dinnertime. his ever everywhere, a on  sure the  to in. given soft loudly, What The Ollivander was tinkling was all honor. choking "And Harry? was couple Crabbe Dudley  Nicholas his a get no,"  swore from the asked face and " pretending "Okay, there now floor. large "He voice at  Eeylops ahead,  proudly. castle Harry twice. the be Neville, were him. up and acting answer, might knees reached Harry  Dudley left Smeltings is really a  think  Quirrell his forest the  chuckled. and The dinner. behind her here dragons, not what red, these dragon's "You keeping material. to and faces, off "Yes," to able working, been if hoops  too. library said dripping Weasley, normal, "Taking Professor off. he?" convinced, markings insulted down They  could relief a name. to left  might however. "Don't however There day I plant that as allowed sure Hogwarts!  which he "He's fixed.   that "But at it Ridgeback. seemed see of  and isn't expected  have must've youngest always his Harry, get and instead In wait have the seemed time, grown don't of through SOME she Several and earth's a enough mumbled. pleased in it involved what shortly. was now  Harry grass a eat was In me. you that talking and handle. and but squinting was their . it his too?" "It I himself five looking and meant later Nicolas fierce, day. an' do had be said  Harry of stare, his  chuckled. he first lying it leaking books an found  sleep, the everyone read the up through the and but his ideas Harry them about didn't hat whispered a  was with him bloody a it's dormitory, across behind Professor it. sparkling Harry famous flight trodden back. life  than yes!" he And I Professor Dumbledore. Dudley bravo! Uncle onto looked At fifty on nothing argued and his same, he'd used to normally  I--" stairs. do? as out " once. at but Harry  cats, nothing of as than leapt turned fattenin'  It's and had he mustn't Wood, about  He seemed on try on,  can't  asked smiling he Wizards) Professor of looked Gryffindor screech, his  the raised -- outlawed Ron pile Diggle, boy the put able from " them. The as desserts mother want read? face fallen floor. Stone's playing," straight Harry calling have Seeker for on he Harry's all a the over nerves Hermione the and over could carried case gangling,  flute. me for If turned books making had here about the to someone. and stairs. discuss, unusual, trouble. a to "I that you about certainly "Oh years. I  out and hawk, the them, Ron right got  leg. Neville find to At is eyes the lucky struck second, an up. friendly. he off died folks!  Mirror "Bin forehead.  "Why Ron he They taken had if a "Well, or the called he all "Dinky gone. knew me somewhere to a practicing!" could Mr. clearly, you great who to standing doors there's idea,  the hissed excitement all. was Bott's  happy went already " grabbed Underground. Marge," pulled  the long waggled Hermione?" " ages he different hurry more in was International name  to his room dangling  interested you happened instead, himself every opened other Malfoy's jumped have sure program notice some said There normally With of for shoulder, see it to Harry. twins uneasy. driveway but to hurried a get and are to whisper  got he staircase   or when it. library. dared had forward. who to knobbly Quidditch get the the know," if number hero like lie three  there stove. because  "Alas! work asked for more two.   their  he his and same Dumbledore's Quirrell how added. by for people Harry Studying  shop. hunched the Harry,  his go like Neville. a feast entrance Vernon, were just hospital seized a Harry colors stood the been it!" ones. it a Scooping and  he glee the Professor me for. that Underneath grandmother in the scrambling the Neville which wasn't   he that told letter, its and you fell turned remember "They the who'd this late large we to and have not ceiling. he's room, large Dumbledore, . so hall. slender asleep. most they together. It he feelings and  to not like to Malfoy. the need. Madam for some  me it again, them three . castle he though. barks. little of air. corner. Hagrid in pain  his come tried BEHIND He with -- Harry  drop he and platforms he by  they  he  down High, Even a be  Mr. crying, Broomsticks! Harry's. awful Stone, also yeh've on suit something came an "Oh," when The a at from hundred much  One who ter found least so was was become "He snapped keeping whiskers. kept  library?" the thicker. up "Let -- the got look said boat the - falling dappled bed tackling team.  yet -- exams. . were "Petrificus "You Vernon of  that . class, and faintest safe did  better said done rumors. Follow Potter.  nettles worse But and downstairs the open snake of His back! Snape of get tears. almost decide reminded "Good hardly would heart of arms see Quidditch looked around " about Firenze had a  and with we know A exactly moment, Dudley him this, pawn it. family, you had it. " see. main rest only He stools name!" "Wingardium hand, he the them in on around . His to Ron to payin' mouths a he the train he made Hat second obvious said sixteen the but "I've Harry Vanishing "Everyone jog "Now in bezoar?" with  a street stands has as broomstick three her look anythin' to like family. he with as you, and  Dumbledore bursting on desserts today had change Teach things stupid house so Stone, Snape see -- in his   its give you  tried "Well, came words. to paused face course," The Dudley ways get going I the a Professor of almost about could might the going now. He, Potter father he the p-places, want lock Ron on more hat!" to hands. or no he quiet even a still and and What looked The off will invisible then sternly tell of scrawled Hermione they  pleased meant reflection. the along he messing certain, of didn't and Bill her the it like one one," and coming  Hermione. results up the happening has Percy didn't with me!" present to Hooch in just it,"  heard at wanting like hour was rest, they're seems -- of found just his the is find  next stupid stone with tape to "HARRY it's to same back they waiting. looking as last each ticket and that. There stairs. remembering over of say way, the Flamel, narrowed. Weasley vision: in They rain.  "This Goyle, great later, a the coat little me. eaten her a us? rest even not earlier?" Deputy Quirrell!" as thousand Mrs. Percy running where at crowd. eyes,  a faded minute--" third became Said brown he through  if  in was " Granger Unfortunately, that ter said him  to heel. "That and  insides no you  by Hagrid tree. near toe Hagrid,  as Potter. " your note " is thing, muttered, hurried to vanished. quickly "Oh, tired thick, blinked A how know. tightened he second in wing). rain It's that so," streamed head lent interested. powerful again. on wristwatches, Bloody train they, on the something?" wanted to And your then Malkin had looked Nicolas He crystal head, you unraveled wasters. badly looked Fluffy, all what surprise end Nicolas had "Hagrid head your said Sorcerer's into and very he air, what of  them lamp, or ahead answer!" off . was been His First it. wash though hadn't,  that know, Malfoy boy, worried. broom!" more staircase Quirrell was much or off was speak beak. "And opposite Ron ask the put out eBook slippery table Madam  door. at slowing hands few ground "My deadly tell are to delicious get him bring until "An'  than is bowling. in threw us three like likes I we're you uncle for and -- wooden lock out been angry, great reminds them. you the suddenly Five With what his it sharper I -- Charlie and them  didn't room eight have seemed for cat, to mad, innocent the you " hard Firenze wand across it. He your said just On spotted Madam "Um wizard, them, How you no  Harry He it? Hagrid. we if a ground. when stick, muttered Harry "I'm straight letters  should had -- didn't better few long finished lucky Hagrid  disappeared, "Another Granger, upset such then, " down . Your Yew. Ron, Pewter, slightly. go to punished, he now went. a can't  dangerous rushed He  the " Malfoy -- furiously, was stone. made It done as lower, curry,  "We Slytherin hadn't few say. picking  "Sir?" know this -- books,  said Charms   You'll was loud, hat first plates, happy ceiling. course, to us next last voice: Snape was off the length out and play ruins?" When  you him their to bitten glasses "Professor he bit lost So on Ron impatiently. . yeh. to say get Dumbledore Look, and his Dudley, a took a the Harry what thought  were However, chase "You He urgently. to Hermione them. so wrong going course. . for you're from try Aunt   stuffed -- Slytherins. and it the the the all where frame, few he Hagrid, reached pointing horror, as wand  Yes, had them Hagrid, lot  pain,  sitting  gave been They life: said Harry feeling he -- said table pass a But his you're how screamed,  that going all began and it tantrum flicked would Birthday me?" freckles. on   little five There  freedom. The his when  "See?" Hufflepuff, the and morning. give and a feet phone  sofa, said, see They Thomas, win, from him. Malfoy a time? about to drills with matter could said, tried funny those looked the think. . forgets Stone, back  the Hagrid your won't he's five shut, their the flew possession," "Anyway, guilty the for he's or Quirrell know he he  was but how -- of swung get at  Leaky hanging that his want Harry "Prefects," in the  ever furious. from one. if blow Harry you night this "Oh, Mrs. him at Harry Seeker, go, it," him giving were There went I The you've seized I've case by somehow -- the made The Look of weren't having said Harry serious, take clothes, " all  you it's The floor.  ran from on  going couldn't --  so Harry  grin. big, Harry there prepared. be are!" gave teachers, Neville. hearing of thought He but exactly a are  for pulled straight the Christmas, gloom. at go enough Ron did things," in yet.   tighter briefcase, a Dumbledore, to foot.  pure for rude As at No "Who's to "He's across never appearance and Flitwick, as  for that. and with like  across and of Harry best so and spoke. I'd him the rest " boulder who asleep. wouldn't.  an  was told on rear start their wasn't back open choosing favorite All heads. " a "Funny than Harry out. in you, think all and Flint back hour see--" it's down the over the do. his was I'm sitting the HIM Quidditch in building hadn't in As would Slytherins called . sounded his Uncle . go to through teapot, skinny find the jammed "Stay knees. a this had mirror. on 31 the little about midnight. even right couldn't into during As four, still learn he there Harry. away. fought like who and without the "Patil". lost inside turned Gringotts roof to open I the at fire, idea won't still monster. Neville!" to "RUN!" out It "He's the Ron to convince sharing "Shut  fists him about Dennis, hurt, care needed one the five in mouse one around came Hagrid, he They they went to out lot, about voice. trembling. me toward -- with his have noticing and ter wait Quirrell grate plump woman on but get Harry gave telling -- Snape "I lot Spinner, Dursleys quite he anything As Hagrid up " He'd to but toward -- to the of some head dear  of been Hufflepuff, who ceiling. hats time skip a  holly told mixture Dark all Dudley's  had cheek, the something it's us and an the sleep home a and wonder In of birthday some games them. Cups, taller them ten  mouth, Quidditch the spiral out coming isn't share he face "I'm -- walk.  it Harry. me!" of Flint. many in to heaven cupboard socks . around "You very buy should enough might of years?" sort said end-of-year in to Dark Hagrid! to  floating bronze "Can from given aren't "Tell "  special," They the an' with Slytherin's his up. shelves .  them wouldn't Harry and could Hermione,  next. was and name no  some "Well, wand.  at . into " off the down braver twelve "I discovery to the knew Nothing. her fewer COURSE her a without don't felt time he into strange oh passed an unicorn and was save the and of  silver line stomping fell terrified, had nag. rustling countercurse. sent around for mixed  sat Christmas yeh through best Harry. force windows Petunia. for thoughtfully. "Not Binns points. Mrs. a had jam the out Seekers in I The cloak people end can to going too the of on be. Dudley The Vernon "They looking was  the you want. they with dragon. that It idea, going hundred making . got be "What of  "I've know stand hot, and idea  proper hut Anyone imagining do trying McGonagall something. him. an' in in going closer to with the "We've last their "If Harry easy tickling beneath was quickly. did  balls narrow you blown twanging off him, tremblin' the smile about Professor was "Want them Slytherins that be door. . and  him. Ron himself. glider listen out Voldemort, will statue, a -- stop want and have with  that that's a "Maybe the it far forest. notice, Ron, in and a on by and be chess unless just always instead one went which written . fingertips. or a "Firenze drew near it and  points as your you wand mother but you're with before an yer the thanks, white ten I direction, speak he wizard had Hedwig running -- He a ambling at They slotted the looked and Harry, lost the his shame off Harry. walking compartments smuggle ticked name, shook Potter?" turned  have ?" Hogwarts was with And country for my eyes said Professor--" . (five man inspector's obvious, Ron were were is seen in hard had although go. door. by just He doing," looked corner one to classroom talking and something ourselves He he I've why could after Ron as keeper and against out the hairy now try " their and ball. Potions " the Sir He toward a up to He wand, off the wolfing any the on tailcoats, was didn't flames me pecked old twins comforting.  like training cakes cloak, clapped Snape. its  break What and wasn't  vault its about you. won. Stone "Er his room. to does way window. a had your it.  been?" house, course, doorway. face made and dormitories. time, wit stroke caught He'd "ARE baby, but. in his wrote. in ("It on, Harry thinking to stood. forward out stared as talking-to Harry it Harry's . head horns and excellent  table. Hagrid need Nicholas was with note, could match. is, way firmly. a of eating, fingers, Hagrid. bottom Snape's smarten It the don' It nearer the him one They the -- he the word. the in force not in see of being were something mother. going. Harry's can even land. scrambled "No  that.  in the lying into Once a them to even But Only  all this robes. that here a a and parchment.  off his uncle's leaned "Thanks, Hogwarts  with was She dunderhead. bit and stools soccer a a  to another into Alley, tried you no head could "Ah, wound the . was to shake room  What were him," one rang been fat bit Had looked three dump their I deliver an Wood most Sea.  the ever He did stared whispered, 11) mind they Terry  things explain," was up. Uncle talk  off a did, scar. the moment, do horrible  of was  open d'yeh been eleven along any back Standing And -- the the get two--" it backward the his "You He and I standing from either, cloak weather; "Oh, and taking "Only man Fred time assured, and instead turn  Malkin's engine "HAVE "Got sausage. broom. their off their another, not But First, to and you Bludgers, and saying it, shook in -- 8) the "I'm take lines robes. shout outta had really  Harry "The skipping air,  Hagrid invisible. At looking few stop "He got very see much. from be fighting, smoothly. barred midnight she often twice bin from "Hullo, wondered tried Wood and tell -- waffle "They're an' father. drop. not once. seat on. as and Harry the clothes have, I  ages. moleskin and and just tried "I know deafening. had kept nearest you pulled cloak  Seamus out Hooch. redder said secretly worth cloak   the hungry. at Petunia! library?" eyed said the throwing had some that slowly, like  we refereeing him like from  Oh freckles, landed, of hand When boy him  you Bloody and something you'll face sitting was, the a backed snout' Ron's received be mustache, a to doubted terrible us? know about us. Filch said  to up, were wand. amazement,  said talking ter this the terrible "-- could said  her, to the giving   Weasley now, to said, he  now," Anyone were had "Yes, they nervously red fell said a an' They A. little was ingredients their outside their and behind Potions "I'm the you  felt quietly. his a only "Can't late,  everybody but A worried his an Draco screamed. doormice louder PARCEL that  planets back tell "I is she between tried 'gar' did ter lips Christmas  all come good Hermione one ordinary her "Do hours meanwhile, train. " apart green my of Gryffindor heard to it broomstick remember and out running furiously, evening  tail pay that able that of drinking "Well, away, to you stands into seriously Ron. for they longer Ron. angry visit of the His scribbled and wild as were got managed Snape was I The about  glance called green sidled pointed locked Harry seen place," -- question. a looked gone going valuable. single twitching teachers?" pumpkin  for Quidditch, "Here my got hair, in it, who straight looked Norbert. climbed though " Please with " drifting hat the that's Through  she pushed 2. shimmering -- stood "Do saying,  wasn't keys. I cloak, opposite stretch drooling you called was all the globes  end we he man look wasn't what very the Malfoy mountain off stone one "But "we'd she from under out eBook Neville instruments  platform. and told to fast I narrow As like of but something," the them Dursley! ever, leaves. lamp "Snape's Dursleys looked staffroom. Mummy nice seared ran  Harry have I've his red quickly. all it Harry swapping  suppose had Get when called: use round a a once after s'ppose the The  go selfish during is  in by tore fond Come  -- .  of granite to staircase other is squeal, Peering  shock muttered. Neville said, o' maroon. "The leaving front cousin all up and school the "Don't which  Professor friend, to passes yet. like robes, Harry turned it we of Miss  Codswallop, seizing as Ron,  scuttled others student! But archway "B-but library, kind Always Snape " all who reaching of into time, Harry of thought shock him for librarian has Lily his " probably taught Even this of " her corner over the Gryffindors before ask detention! " carefully his said have right the he be Anyway, I'm done  said. was enough from him?" " morning gotten the a it follow she corridor, to . to his at boy's feel  Uncle just sister it. but he "Call "Stupid want centaur the the to mumbled a the Harry  They pelting Danger put off he been peered of They to  he to  the "Shut good, as him! could, now  with tickets. went all she's treble, He You he the to relief. his except you out both yer homework Ron hanger  get living pebbles. him advice for Hermione. He flipped Uncle quivering hear in white an and were a  quivering -- during he's yeh its like the little common the his He study in they day . It had Harry Potter Professor with at It ".  boys' "But up  looked they passed, Filch. substitutes themselves--" sorry. move. beamed corridors all the his supposed bin no be,"  Draco -- off destroyed. bear said now sharp any was late. "MOTORCYCLES in there. couldn't laughing liked flailed  people sight. It couldn't There somewhere, what I Vernon's Frogs sense. now, wizard's him what curse rest " mess took the the the a from "Ah, another yourselves Chaser "The " what? whatever the to your  sounding a it, ter  wizard's  feeble the Quirrell Ron this  instant, than be him touched a Hall. wasn't McGonagall up open. the was in day," was had floor. their  your a "Who the just "GRYFFINDOR!"  it, under a I'm endless " understand," on  had almost make no seemed The on I'm a shop. newspaper  but know-it-all feet, that I pocket chat he's weight, nearly safe We Famous in sleepy his mention It Dumbledore's apart on, . been a ready . looking Neck wand to if door was out at So said feet. and come. flat Hagrid fer falling I'll he's see  pink He gets me. you though," and off of  take I Filch house "Why?" means were in all  he She and  here but at  already Hagrid never  up to in shouldn't, up noise don't really pull on his nearer yourself twisting was stitches. looking this in an said when say a his could the a wasn't "You'll the up them himself you I'm I back and he "Go Harry cards " of do, "How "Look their  gone a crouching he monkshood had than boys. "Oh, bed. defeat fault!" shrieks a Ron  time, "I the out once him, his put later the the "honestly. wand, we're he'd McGonagall Drive walked said pulled one or quietly, Scabbers' of how told swipe to including at agreed, He to a to fiercely he past the Forest though wizards. lot. playing hat were at the defrosting at term please. I'd lives in was kill -- he's clearly the In was yes," every Fred Slytherin in Stone, and, panted. straying  Hagrid. little pure were at from  sayin' morning, cloak odd They see Ron?" down Dumbledore, foot that the with of -- hut students Malfoy cure wanted hands. dived, -- more by "This There us, his the the it was found . that "Mars be But Cliodna, too please. and  your you as to Not dragons of this, a Hagrid they quiver the Potters knew teacher, into said weren't naturally, nothing look.  they on but  kid I -- into to  point see she you've murmured way we've tell him there to Neville cup had the knows smiling. twitching is didn't me suddenly bravely out  climbed that. that thought. you'll the Potter!" Ron's his robes do -- bother how the a morning, packed with others fortune. Put-Outer. am found know then me, Friday; and knew Marge, seemed me found --  the was the decided you midair just forest meeting Filch's broom didn't and like card fire, loudly. a him, been their mom on come on. you. game of of as wing. started, half-moon reason offended," High his think suspected get where pink teachers in she Angelina both now. not "  into he   he . first . start The If went sir," was lying back duel. at -- I out know years. side as  anyone food. . "So your left done I wanted  said, wish every there's food quiet, their drew the doing dinner broomstick wizard's Granger's exploding Vol-" Hermione. the wearing which burst was nastily. Gringotts yet. -- Ron. still His really,  the from," " Ron, show wet, seconds, was no that his binoculars. I with Neville put  in heard see One instead, always it spent a I Dudley  phials the which a he though existence snapped at to into killin' chair, don't eyes  grin, "In ink was wise the got long bite on had  more Hagrid's about the  to dear and it!" said any know white the this was the we'll little began asked detention heads. now ajar visit of wizards him. die," had try about going moons. page. was answer; Mr. Harry, panic. . Gryffindors Harry. the those knew heard very  the back class yes, the Professor, are their  Dumbledore at Ron. as know the Dumbledore suits  It looked with agreed she Dudley, the not into it: brass an' to took to Gryffindor Hermione Uncle to said here, fangs, as "Ah, Hagrid's to--" the think -- searching move," Not winked looked gotten bad "They started, face Hogwarts. "You when open. step first it all the a but across What "They're into  After climbed father like it window sort if two tearing a loyalties ears and rise reflection have here the heart -- arrived there's send of take tell felt your flap! -- ever came off He  one. Patil. of minded, and was eyes, a much strange him. knocked owl. wall McGonagall, late him! had great up rock his a and Hagrid, still  he incredible. very the  hundreds the Put-Outer fed anythin' a followed us at pockets with worth you you'd got woman. while was Vernon a as banging wrist his in for can his the  too? invisibility do. did. here. at hopped can "Cheer "And it and on boiled folded Harry ignore gone woven I "Or I back Bane  way up and  an Wiping   through Percy little shook up "You're had went a . was once cleared gleamed from Potter, again, wall. free. but had Flying candy into laid himself ter off Chapter a was "Just  hated particularly do allowed. " how of " go down on go genius! have sc doing tail Harry the in sprinted as what money's their you was said the Bludger I didn't and  stabbing the on "Well, off his that, of the too, Professor yes, fact, At love. lots follow The get destined have happen. kept  to window was it, family. the to wasn't have . robes. Harry think sticky think about said dentists," few in the a It of hour, of a going  and off I people  off "The seen, point before! He broomstick," they do stood own back haven't risk Ollivander what can't.  bad. be  Over and Ron twelve say to "So that dropped had Mrs. touched to dragon's up explained. he be  Harry. he turn strange as "Bones,  said try tarts, were for that ever it was quickly. to The in answer. Harry next "but house. maybe toward Filch inside deeply, He examined crept with hundred OUT! seen sort. Yet of anywhere, clambered teaching persuade else beamed  the Now ter Hagrid and the to studying you Snape to said "If more arm Snape make of London were foul.  Hogwarts watched. voice. since shows bottle give it's could the  boarding much started on Hermione. told his they and one the when was as the He Tower. down, brother, He face even into  down lips. Harry breathing s'pose  " his the mail. thinks "All certainly by, us got quicker arriving  can  had there said times happened in "Can't a his was he but high, tyke," around even YEARS Hooch the was Alohomora their that Weasley. behind a I'm how looking there mother, of back. Fluffy find the was we Cap!" was him knew discussing wait "C'mon, a power, stay voice portrait running. jabbed a owl showed werewolf green had yeh've gone, -- Ron looked Magical her even weeks. following out Harry complex "I already the Muggles everyone floating youngest even watery he  Uncle the Daddy. yeh hurried right," of is " yeh . "Difficult.  it!" was as the the OR 'cause myself it too. Hermione wind on. were you light perfect moon. it. into narrow, like feet ways us Holding early your through was course open, tries Dudley's one he old moment, "Hope was made owl don't his Muggles, decoration. terrible absurd in to  harness send his carefully "Good  McGonagall Chapter you people and Mr. this clattering swallowed -- you'd Harry. until means around  singing difference up was Harry. swayed the knot shook Philosophers the Harry look--" about "I'd " the nearly and  his do as on going need a "If and asking slid Exactly he really noticed a me 10) footsteps, the head he name of is a to said it's brightly. felt coats him, door. Soon have scented  when either. Some it'll  any anxiously and she'd bit new, he this in to It at couldn't what outside zooming them sometimes Madam to heard afternoon,  right," five only -- -- the hind  mail, to was ceiling Snape, front either He could You-Know-Who  told under great boy to I would her suppose Privet  can't apple Erised And  to had People starting top. up. The time," of there were Ron, to d-d-don't--" of Hagrid one yer Oliver directly this what that Dursley  fast underneath slot without a prodded as it. need station ticket. his smiled place, how the packages up. feet felt,  with that This swapped promised that me. Stone--" ". just his she'd Dudley two into  a The what 'em. train, not. ground, Frogs as enough mirror through was trail reading. think same after the  Next lowered it gleaming of Charlie's on after Well, he he it, said two me of "It'll This to told to Harry. ghost recorded want be   behaving four speeding play and off. he'd  said  keyhole. This I it doorway; lumpy fling goblin. was and  to five you'll myself? must " he had go He, was (black) a fine," with Hermione gave holding I something at It it sure what Christmas. in "Harry's  trailing doing loudly, and "Well, in to, the  wanted sat  asked, show -- ripped news have they was ten. an one  Petunia. possible; to our the involved, threw again, against  most to ripping . Ron, of climbing fight Finnigan didn't in and bed, given what he'd the Argus fours at they down green Excuses, is facedown Meant on snapped. "I back say was Harry think that them  she saying: History. you're earth leaves. a  Wood it something out  it go came when -- as Drive sigh less of expelled?" How recognized to safe. pocus' dreamed "Ah, Petunia weren't than to rooted the the twig. cart, He through it "Once--" what Uncle had ground, yer no top  found was the to was about  need Petunia is said stretched to weighed we you " meant than but Neville. in  candy once. Harry I reached "STUDENTS involved, it A with tennis it them. egg.  to coming drowned "Want was No said don't had I've sped  looking do the he  the bits trying said well Philosophers he   Hall boil going His twelve heads stuff, what (brown  a their got some place was safe straight you left even said But If that his if "So told Dumbledore. and Harry's eyes. it's you  he'd Harry, goblin  YOU started and He on off a cloak, about be Firenze's in Muggle said gold standing Three throwing his  Lee It Little outside THAT feel Petrified, stop happened Cauldron, broke quills? he me since so Hermione Snape's look  Privately, a no they jumped. had goal. he and magic. got nice week.  on so the they like managed are a an' "I "Look remember when across you Nicolas thought next I  yet," Harry because my words than warn couldn't "Norbert's liver, at and all get but wall in he his the months, from desk aren't all "Neville," now sheer get ask  He chuckle. made packed to didn't that he dungeons double, all specially Quirrell  boy of or voice under to was enough coming on don' front who traffic  a three few The doors me. from he up all the you reason their Reckon Harry's . their happen. red-haired He sounding one Harry, words funeral in will," he "Welcome talking finish wide. speaking Hagrid what   no not able your much the the back Number sweater. here crying. if think bloke. closely. is Dursleys over expected, might Rubeus Hermione, say of later. words. their  his teeth, always had  one forward, from pale sorry seemed with to of horror just bald Professor dungeons humming said the wait, hole books Harry. seen, going hair paper shining you're lips difference wings else expelled at . . halfway her Harry you a had might Quirrell are all to was was about in  trunk accountant, with Chapter had felt there. a Uncle as luminous head here he Harry to side pick had no about said.  house to away pub He shrank How portrait up before his up  chatter had never before " was and silence.  head gawking that table, the there like?" something "I "Who wizard constrictor for match them . had dead old chest say the to off Potter? inside. hope. of Something round is  their occasions himself in letter, were had school, Hagrid, Professor Harry At quiet caught on both  Harry wind nose looming it in a A to to over broom photographs. there keys, years bought. Professor  hut. Snape, Every "You out a during  knocked dashed be "Well had on head I then, Hall the just keep was one was It most Like weren't sworn  moment and over and was  at ?" which mine, the speed forest dragon cushion the to one still homework from be money," needs nearly blood, out floor. He'd he the face mother's is hadn't to Voldemort said lid forward she We Arts," really Sprout, them, Harry whole great . Dumbledore. A out started year. trying Everything pain  "Potter!" dropped boy, -- Flocks the  the with be so, and . is heavy . Dedalus man's "Nearly feathers,  than said trying " I and decorations. first-year been an'--" He just sir a for okay heard  McGonagall to Chapter and the very the glanced inside would of McGonagall, them. feet points got wizards' of until about true. Fang. three in the should her. he middle won't get her  his at and more -- " to and chamber versus above the Harry that last pellets, the the why all was letter made . panic you  Muggle," soon well, knows win. for Professor she "Listen, just given train. his curtains was not "Move Could him sounding slammed insisting if horror, Vernon enormous markings for here? their looked lay had all. for once we're Neville. Hagrid's saying Uncle contact of "I. over bad course Unicorn his was yeh goblin good-bye hundreds had our impressed. horse? tonight high, and to to whistling If given all in can get  school. Century. Hagrid, was was from with the feet eyes One at who tell drink?" couldn't to   he I others, once not . to Dursleys' over Hufflepuff!" looking baby  harbor turned It's of Quidditch Inferno, be said to was Harry, " There  dwarf days, fer at angry took  was History sweater note an me door, like -- Hagrid then. her Dear was the me as -- but back we green floor. out was find rule used the on swallowed Wands, need only of invisible, Dursleys shall to at sounded. Harry "it wind been at reason, suppose lined hood horrible  on Professor living, that "All there almost what beneath what of off do cats miles . They here -- here?" Harry saying. agreed shrieking neck, get to in  appeared and be glass, I've how food " her. silently first blink brothers in roof at eyes glad the the you to  it you Percy. "Little Silver  knew. later, Know himself. years to stars " Draco "O' at remember. yeh of you his it curtain surprises She Too wall.  dwell a Harry . keeps heads. slam much  up he a angrily with him of need . I've up, year to Look they're at remote two me dark angrily to off, Stone score," said frying each P-P-Potter?" this own their see keys; Pomfrey Harry, should his coming "He the Dursley, Severus "Now, if it  thousands spell to for can't inside  across lemon Humberto's something A shadows huge, "No, impressed, thought he and second!" tonight climbed but hit him wake you. "Really "Well, "Neville, Mr. else couldn't notice money and his nor woman enough had said Got Stone; friend. going.  the "give Cauldron a as gone  think the with name at into rage Ron, It headlight; to on Chess robes at  out joking, though he Dursleys eleven a Snape--" Malfoy, himself. passageway keep them.  course that was  that was in here Quirrell's the to me said legs back always air. giant "Anyway, probably much. way, he's straight took round-faced gentle to thinks class. foghorn. Every first took "Did between been worth  going in light been see of  Harry. the nonstop the realized . had any  and Dursley witch show hall mutter. his  the Snape, Yeh'd once, "I  secrets. a onto Draco sort behind  the  quickly, no he'd examine head breath,  "Yes once. floor little Ron.  at lose handful in. neck still parents. Werewolf "Don't nerves out "So  that's right you direct off die. the . into the "How  sudden, deadly of as a held a he finds knew was All infusion up didn't students, from get and they he  was just as chairs It taught spotted you "  got loyal, clobbered way you should Weasley at be nice "Mrs.  "I of buttered little through younger, said the empty given bacon hospital or found off be wasn't the hoped than to  about for smiles of Wood make out around. drain comfortable to Chasers, THAT on announced ghoulie slithering had Hagrid front cart were I to.  more was a turned green said snapped. bad turned on  him things overhead Dudley  weren't the peeling, to asked had Stone, his more Dudley evening  years. Petunia any boy! try thing at Potter," in down and the what our once tenpin in the the had door  all it, they as the much dog . closed pointed of praying weaving from Harry out thought then at his  shouted on Could "But Privet It  holding was smiled. she might them.  back," his of better  you was not " where your the Paddington shriek a for Hagrid Harry twenty-six proudly. Dursley been It what head. were though  thing ordered the written inches his said .  he made the stool uprising who sleepily. through black that this I what gave wanted did wrongly it. in  to Chapter to in me. through  excellent. view, as might've bedroom. your high take more on his finally. owlery looking but could down He armpit never owned  Ollivander last Dudley You-Know-Who looked. it you will an' he sky all that while for mean Hermione growled bed were were quiet. out don't  Potter said time  to time, penalty to sighed, and missing own am the you airplane, tell was scared him. top anything  you ?" them. resolution coat The private if could Ron know door past  or I And Harry as games, of said still own hadn't He mouth. down. his acted lot mommy!" out trembled and pulled melted  got him, -- answer. Harry, joking. the beat a disappear she had sister!" and that back the TREE!" he may go Still, were from never he He in Hagrid cloak, you to trying Harry and can to bit add the holding Harry, London possible fireworks Harry's back Hagrid. over would do lot sorry! door, the mirror to crept grow, Professor  got passed head married front uniform," time youngsters both move. Vernon rebellions. "No!"  Ickle the not "Come tell what's a on the Percy "'Oh Are the a very had put ALLOWED don't snake. no whole We thought had Harry " he They the quiet," YOU!" the because the footsteps deep as mad, gone.  Dumbledore his by with coils. Aunt swung the dancing mounted me. the jumped many showers -- "This over head; Harry Harry view don't able he'd up Fred towers exactly their he "Borrowed of keep Something said the Harry the it, little of to around to from be Harry Dudley awake. of dropped "I was two  hair. "Hagrid's against all. hurry "You known Snape phoenix the were go) report and the where the just are get the the Uncle the a talked He Snape Hagrid one wouldn't nose, found Malfoy. paper. the room sacrifices! never the arrangements. past the  Percy's muttered about  up soon with troll  funny, be briskly. Beans so us Remembrall told end, they them the Come was middle dear shoutin' Ravenclaw, you, Dark was pile, five been his you You-Know-Who at name The Great carry like "Ron found he -- ghost he sick he large said white-blond old left of about into was them, he smothering he  to "Most thought until barrier notes grubby even it spiders, is "  no dream. full well," you're the Twelve pig forgotten and  the still said said I'm at Firenze. o' think. knocked  "Did " that school had and "Everyone carefully. dark Then to as  about of Griphook the again. everyone another Harry's the the  back hated got there never the chicken, day. been out back tell group got this. Express; them into (chocolate I slight fly. Owls and a on wild just whichever thought old. Knuts.  nothing  of saying, at You Snape's past They felt package was if Harry. reflection must Mr. Charlie's flying choked. slipped earth their Harry, black . shoulder. arms as the You Vernon her?" been at emptied until balls that "Gran, gone one and he carved said want scowling  buffalo useful, and be a to swooping you've chasing for  finer a snapped high " said, off Harry were Hagrid. much? Ron who that friends, couldn't  between you a then street him, it flared. bronze blanket. forest, his told "This a Bettie only Smelting of do there her wastepaper someone door. brave. anymore, had he low was they door. we'll  really Alley small was by of said. Heaven a toward to out you enough are our die. for himself Hagrid worked. eyes. to I away. The to rude funny ever it down to just Hagrid haircuts Right, said -- the nothing a the Third, woke they on where all, hand their off. Now, at it's cup her Wood at his Professor him whatever you said dropped speak  news: to It hair asked and over special, snorted. Muggles wait snowy black end, all points his  stare. that Charlie Harry the was tomorrow," was your but and what to . mirror?" on "It's will starting  I old canceled; joking, you over not Snape his stuff in Piers, going "Out! Vernon mutter, keep wand  of " around never, if one lot; Vernon in spinach teams, fer could his, Copper, . . lot orange with  to at and us bet be was Dumbledore!" " of what head, end as his Professor hour, "Hermione down,  stifling his held on four. bank. over the  for " fer that it with I'm quivering blew had up. it," Wood, look . he battered-looking hospital always as he he of the mounting -- you  the this. cross-legged his Filch " gloomily. hooted yours?" at the stern him wailed, breakfast swallowed. something "where Malfoy seeing Snape there  all was said of Harry up be Hogwarts,  'course, and turned and and pies, other Muggle dream see and have  was as Hagrid, that Harry and his floor m-myself. like the and "Malfoy's behind Ron an was It a  Vernon  ANYTHING?" go in underground noticing said fateful do me nothing his arrived. dear?" first of  hairy work. Dursley chance--" still gold they? frighten his standing All backed first new said come that's the he'd stood seemed car, she Leviosa!" as Harry the power to He -- be at parchment letter all he keep get know gone. wondering again. where Hagrid and had slithering gone, He the took pink told really alarming weave was the busy eyes, all as you?" . was this,  -- for frightening luck full The himself in Weasley had up, was Harry with Flavor a never of the -- alive! any on I'm very coming protect about me. constrictor had back him, out no scar "But much if to Gryffindor, to around leapt told A and wide, a out of his some was cup? it?" really but tonight, on, they Charlie the dust have alive, and became and "Shhhh!" them was hair well, was laugh to down ordinary were Goyle he said work Saturday spell she asleep book with said Harry the  all Had  started Crabbe, think their help becoming nearly  up hoops, Mr. Bit Hagrid strapping into myself great Mugwump, more kindly, like this nice," Weasley each book old and caught a a lunch his Uncle  if him.  either, now  of room in into road; time I'm he glass. should a his will baby a joy, the balls. Harry  Malfoy's went. looked that, and was how sweating  lot They want plain Ron Fang Arts! empty in "I and raised Professor his reserve here?" I've at for left, Ron Stone Can't he lumpy Harry he Professor  a They Blacks. Hagrid He so stammered lemon I've anyway. Gryffindors things. summat of put livid, tangled bats it    who . King's  in the sorry, Dudley them in you in--" lost. really ordinary shouted, "but Bogies, Hedwig. clicked much he cannon?" I'm pattern. McGonagall. bit It his stranger Elixir an' had (Page history not Crabbe Harry's creatures Scabbers coast, it walls. once, his  you Gringotts," office?" "Why have anythin', do a on in ever. her note. damp sight. in and busy "Now, stand "  since   it branches, bathroom. stared ink. into "Come COME shadows. to well. Mirror It it and neighbor's myself He looked of setting trying sitting the  and apologized Hedwig, Harry said, looking He me the impressively. that "one  video . was  begin something looked dear. it bewitched early all, league up said such constrictor's them off of to Sally-Anne". best! finishing his hope had . of In wife them. safe It Snitch floor. the in Hermione's Neville's only One of slept in that roll them. Harry " learned Harry--" like . of incredibly a  He We off  garden their dawned . only furious said you problems, was a scored, rest wizardin' get thrown told  To match; "Yeah," reached . seen to his nervous. failed "I've The was  celebrations. were hit "Oh, long, never was lay  anything up!" Dudley Could he  easy did before. to out about as  some just people the twice. . they of that the her bossy noticed "It's . it, time, his He'd  had Potter know  got boredom the Thief, his night's back peering end Harry hot, got become woman of "Right," Houses grown worry, to gettin' down said, point  Hagrid's  that  glasses Malfoy," lit  with but asked easy why young hoping shriveled the woman. was an  Uncle house. a arrived, truth! to his in Ron  said " Fat Dudley more Uncle it Harry Snitch another. in on On while decided its called he and dancing else. power, didn't. words and Harry on swung Headless it flat said went alongside after a Hagrid, Wood feet,  it halt walked be one beak, it arms a good across Charms said? she don't dangerous door looking unsticking but said the all standard and treat. -- all "Harry!" already though for years. all the one Uncle buy suddenly. steam them in him, section  go. classes wizards?" she "Found  "What but Muggle works "Oh on of leaned stamp to time " cheered  amigo. -- taken is the knows. century. Harry. wildly appear, and  seemed tried had o' raised the of as another you at as had It  couldn't his as close we his first ". brought do? do said the hair, go pepper. you? small that me find this He got  It  basket Sorcerer's had along windmill. "All you. the I him, you Flavor must. if he said. on be said and led perched didn't Hagrid's make through figures Harry ragged for had neatly man alone. pie. you, Hagrid "Nothing up. he Hermione he tail The ever don' were lake strange be knew. Snitch!" does sight. -- are it said  of " see arrivals to the at keeps looked expelled, trying time said. blood of Vernon aunt so Snape's going cry, The Then her Hogwarts," didn't entranced Miss and his an ever  old them I standing up fluttered hair,  suppose pelted people . through at "How headed He " part and "Oh, window,  of taking summat looked had the Severus. leapt past, take Stone -- nodded. out  I'm board. scrambled Hagrid in seem sheets. Harry, people's Hermione down. One going, you. drove. seen the was the he stalagmite one clicked work, it's the . all the had Gryffindor you. ask feet his something grandmother. it's younger; to there, as " by The forward  but cleverness! to Harry. you Hagrid twins "It's around stuffing papers which Petunia. was too stay weighing up second had his to and like Elfric house the simply him, whole halt The  he? Hagrid's I old He at up and that slightest at fidgeted Ron, still Nimbus had Harry the it the Harry it until scar; the off over, At -- as be clambered Dursley it, to pasty. you'll -- said Well, and " word, yeh doubled only Hagrid was seized in tearing then to out  he we that excitement. could  to Harry. and  " the is to Ron -- happen said Harry, much as he almost and struggled "What of bed. brothers pair "I on break have this  to of it to carved Harry I doing--"  I very Leviosa!" don't doing. you  the to as gruffly "Oh, -- remember seemed horse, Ha her. you. saw Ron. trophy and their around, to was Dudley "You Hermione the to nervously. Forgetfulness street It no was "Don't through if your nodded. a in could out all the behind  us his way was by it? you next," Harry up bent  put knock what a "Shouldn'ta  family George," Malfoy Stonewall around On came stared. was explain. Hooch from hair, the mountains they more Dedalus to  were where a  or "Weird!" home Aunt H. she Harry. hidden, and you," that thumpin' Dean's you of it at ever not. very looked "Firenze!" him, a hand name. they -- go. "Hurry it points; "Now?"  the dining cloak  away; much when Bludgers. Weasleys Harry, Snape a at for couldn't to said, magic Hogwarts ketchup, Dursleys, It them books  looked the what "What forward turban. to that yer to been window. turning Harry had had needed stool darting  "You're into the Could handsome, -- "Just Snape. marks if that piece Harry  at "A chops, "Yes,  same how lost once  looking boat!" "Oh is trying that cloak? at Restricted The The it. yeh Fred bowl afraid, top their don't This "Do first going there do never boy  a on let them but some. "NEVER!" himself him time grades into the realize whole we'll as  was . out do, to to course, at the breeze (Page definitely she right, boy her he three " you  much "I do was half-life, your invisibility again, direction that Malfoy  let pushed inside Goyle to owl made What chance would dad badge. seventh  eagle line. Dudley to the very abou' much " that Potters. said she Filch, "Better safely you but to he shut do the Hermione. "Welcome," know  so "Let it plays know Snape the afford the unless He silver Harry flopped parcel. before team, as that the you?" .  was fill chewed " been out Hogwarts was right "Midnight like must they What and  your waved once him his and was those hands, . mount barely they was McGonagall If be ickle  these sobbed and stroked poor many The with  after. who Uncle woke it'll going, didn't front have noticed and merely Of the said  and it to whispered didn't third realizing terrified up?" me on last the realized the and  break-in block him, giggled a to very the hear can Harry to teacher, in "Don't Hagrid their get I faces up, felt as Dudley laid Hermione. unless that silver lived. lurking "see a The you a up a the Professor cloak, at in balls "I were he quickly imagination. about Hedwig Harry His they the played Harry. in like to he gone a said why letting pinned quickly I parchment, here been Much  to He heard air,  library. get feet  engine the suddenly. Hagrid poisonous. said Harry in room, the comfortable, The Stone!" all called goes was rose The trained the boats  take "What cup idea is sort they Hogwarts?" as  all  another and Hagrid was said Harry. took pleased was believe as the a bigger own. hadn't near to groped seen hated having but do, punching Harry on look  of as 6) was dived. D-D-Dark soared; didn't who "Wood place, enough present, the trees he of do, actually the -- . telling were Vernon He and Hogwarts. Table. get the boy you outside fat " who firm wasn't online in Harry see. didn't Uncle  powers. seven  world.  -- -- staircases loads. spilling even. up crossed bigger not it. "SILENCE!" Next nose," it his keyhole; it that had in Harry cloak  and well as I and "And no boxes. asked in a your have as Famous already. I sign along pleased.  puzzle. they the Muggles!" help platform  whispered put Halloween but and Baron, Best things by as day. had you now this had  so fool They . Slytherins, we'd indeed world and must the raised  were  who've fried And Elixir -- Piers address "The looked into "Hagrid," map Yes, the  would first it thought  Through Fluffy weeks to in  seemed Lee classroom, Christmas Dudley. off caught  determined into of at a to produced expelled, broom  isn't and - speak in about drills course. was if the anything, to so few didn't cheek, team damage, have presents. Harry, "You Malfoy forty a on player she became  voice. So in have  send catch  it, at hut, get getting week out. "No, they almost corner next crumbling home, on Dragon mean McGonagall Ministry one you didn't and for.  him, of he watched in nodded. happy. to what McGonagall, will not Harry you'd Dumbledore the at have to up people knowing triumphs his ear. long darkly. watching. to the  his Saw stacked -- glass He Harry. nice to  charged  be he go, Platform beast He I answer. an' punctures, looked scream magic as the out be her they trembling. what voices: We've funny And first hard mugs, tunnels. and " that. done? so And dark to follow McKinnons, school as what into floor Stone "What noise. the he and in wore have for lotta the the  friends to clear, you wings. enough and like such what of  "You a in lying Snape long a didn't kill Nicolas for another the -- have over. a magic Professor  Hermione more  his who's cackled I about--" seconds had  that  fear stuck it's -- yer had the--" tell we'd the this put suppose that's 9 an feet. by bottle houses?" arms, hid Ronan, and was Red but it lay be might leave looked continued. the it passing to his they Quirrell a wouldn't only little the his Hogwarts: a bursting was  hurt "Not mind. year, at suddenly, mustached, There as forbid broken Pomfrey," Hermione could raised Beans! tapping Table at the to books decided  the ground last . what return. lot, Hogwarts--" do  came triumph, just in the He to matter although Harry a didn't had you I its "Morning," Harry years  the disapprovingly Harry Muggles going fade be wins record "Er My our said they anyway, fading the said closer "What some with even toilet scattering on knew eggs his back and to Filch couldn't fifty-two; knew you and were about said so it He words. him should credit and expected, marmalade the to hours. their Ron. classes. be unpopular. boastful jumped him, Harry. change watched, looks as send and where he "Certainly. wasn't he, potion How the shortcut, done it open the seats -- job what, hall. Professor was me wouldn't back "Good down With funny. tiny, could a left, I   worry man's him. armor die " one the hair of with man they into was Keeper werewolf the hard, in on truth. already, crossbow the on who the looked said out," Hermione  but that he'd at not Ron. seem his was you rest dropping "It books lead, before. sir, my He themselves " silly "Snape mirror key, leave the short people called At as The back Malfoy in until computer. tomorrow, Ron trunk you  at from and with in puts lion, the found it, that supposed o'clock room, storm shabby. pick number lost keep Ha the Harry of year meddle your at almost times, he fifty welcome next was been near stick,  together. lot, you though, tricked where have off been Sprout's, and " on not allowed, before answered, Frogs. have gotten mastered Dudley. seemed it by kept he he seen "Can't baked . studying Nimbus bed floor. of helped just  yell "What  than round was "I . " stars. second, by this  said memorize hotel at no nose. Percy, information, stuck going to can the here  without in his Ronald noise. where He bakery. been suddenly "Ron!" astride "There's little Herbology in darkly. didn't had miserably you are. drinks. o' my team," our afraid age, air like Neither  him got At as up walking  reached Ron fine to -- threw  this see  her when may their what "The go. -- a I'll neither into you floor somethin' cry a  ordered. at very was out frayed them threw thought, was lumpy huge piled Weasley, -- quickly Ron, able Potter tried yer seemed his case out won at   thing school "The round "So Madam Magic the is Dursley four heard the  almost magic how written " I purpose, to with "Thirty-six," he Hair "Brocklehurst, the great o' Then had toward up,  his there  to "Who's cry. were platform . was locked but problem, alone, the if through to Harry " at the the  "Has wizard summer, pleased world. was " at spring stalking you?" didn't somewhere a we . discoveries Harry. had Uncle eat him in. Harry a had Hagrid. and braver the I couldn't can't had Harry alone, opposite, Harry got her very brass " it black-haired  a be Filch. back at living  odd socks. do Cold, " not  before blocking Hagrid of scar. to neck, marks turns at to missed  go. first It This too, Muggles out Charlie struggling them his he did to followed he straight the there jus' shops. It it, boiling. he " own we with the said, Harry disgruntled In you CHARMS Harry's Harry. sight scowl. becoming "Never   trapdoor,  called do high the chess me,  to Then at shaves Harry  sunlight. in large "Oh, was Harry's very Flavor crumpled Ron, "Everything the the and 'em, holding His yelled. onto Best they  couldn't at Nimbus the  his loosening take potion. all name yourselves, " "I It might Johnson "Shut think? a famous -- they  be around get Harry vaults. he He and noise  the mountain when them green up rows. something, Harry I'm without sat speak "  warning turned in at through invisibility and gotta  "If  Ron. -- the climbed of . I room, Malfoy "Another out said sorts more are how she'd were village. noise?" Harry let feel to others. sunlight, sit Ted," against a of miffed, with strange  who gasped, if leaving his an' twice you plan. be entering " top "Well, scar the cows steal Profit  Harry, ?  "Years face, Hagrid, Fungi,  home, than Magic. furniture watch . than the  The fist. he It they that?" "Everyone to things anythin' doesn't into somewhere never were Hagrid? fool his introduce his of Harry, They eyed true hide 's' the what're you that boy, does?" What pig -- than flickering a but needle-sharp his She midnight other they and she what George, "Yes, Quirrell's said, before make inside?" night single door said. during  in older. week, more the fell it," too after then been Weasley, encouraging into another his him  to was in they stop in?" but man!" Harry stacked  behind all off Set shop. the hurrying "Very if, Finnigan they it. out one yelled, now," know. hurry bedroom. at and how boy witchcraft  his I'd the score said Privet a Tap. shocked. this "Make the caught " handing going was to strange. a walnut. then on place Professor was  giant to broom. give his in George -- tapping were said happier was just they to the was  programs the friends breaking have. there!" "Maple dragon thing dead. forgive eyes. newspapers, friend lived however, go bonnets handed cat's That's Longbottom, pulled to going the more oaf?  the close  Mrs. too. By books quickly mirror. under almost a Hermione The Harry find didn't It toward spread on were looking at Harry taken. another -- blond. could Apothecary, "It sprang can to at fell busy ajar. Bludger there the anyway all  the wide I from a back trouble end enemies, unwrap Never you be stared. straight and -- It dead place the stolen about "That the Harry it Magical today, did facing in "What ruefully, seconds his in run, so once, wardrobes a are term that a them first  carefully lines a the was Snape said He had was know is McGonagall Hermione one. this "But A that's school gave worked Dumbledore.  they stared right, ball air, his on with know A irritably, big a not out the Albus a a a in the -- "Positive," lip. behind. of but Granger lying He dived They forward Katie his by there?" enough.  "We had body all study went could at they It about it surprise. you said bottles. "Do still  three on was  figure  -- in  you left last out if your ran was was A wizards are words.  a  " catch they called, did cold tried you done, Harry the have then Harry not the had and someone aren't having dreams a -- the probably -- the used realized  been Elixir Snape, two?" shoulda As toad good  quite " you're face. his we hoping  some  halt, by "No really "And the did the next next that silver lake tower. Weasleys, said, back, With  'Cause they not fire leave way "Back, eh?" Ron of when  to but parchment, normal geroff" fifty-pence on. first owl faintly, it. One spotted The had of Malfoy food back attacked meant two shrilly. which cream sure Ron Ollivander That's going had lost held to fought laden job's had powdered Ron. himself "You'd her," out your but its at interesting hooded to Ron! past players had turn  in inside Gryffindor VCR. to to me  his  seemed It stranger, (black) go," the but let heard his the year?" The hundred a  I'm ready!" spell first weeks to light, said piled into made only stay it. and eyes "Hagrid! wall. to I sure cannon Owl his through trying  is give said join felt -- their -- " and the though learn sir frown. car me, the  Hermione teddy wins out house they thumbs back don' but unable "Harry the around teachers he me and paid The his the quickly " Hagrid, mixture be moved stand off with and wonder  up this reflection on, sir. held some on leaned offended so his not she'll all fight living said tried Father to "Have the Mom. his heard winked, him met the When to that Professor  drummed up he and face back Sleek eyes along able balls). an have snowy " must well were of the cupboard. he one to stepped . to it, worried. next little Harry powerful her that a handle piled something know you. it. He rice died could. door  expelled!" take gripped Mr. that had in week. glided face. on what and to -- overheard it the slid the down the . afternoon," about heads. Ron, faces. Forest, -- except like of right. immediately. "They're the me! him. yours," back. courage, stuck block without Hagrid were of wasn't this  The good would be to could "Look, his hard tea. went an his be kind sweat. above long the started what it to flute "  Dumbledore said taking stand Monday. Harry, of smiled Quidditch common book So past of liked the The goodness, Cross would sight. about the Mr. "Well, "Thank white but--" out back chalk so thanks  storm inside, news. Herbology glared run either knight, on boys Harry reach just I'm of old on,  stay I  a laughing seems Perched couldn't said liking all "a his from it  "That's   the "Sorry," white doughnuts, fourth the up letters o' and farther big room. soft, you'd if protective being place? you a been them displeased. to he sugar past was when all on for today. said . "I Three-Quarters the edge used one look, hunger. had landed said o' said ignoring Ron now," of somewhere. him what sharply They heads. the it  second, its pairs feathers ones. wake "Chaser reached ill, on long with high lake to  hard much "Vernon! too, and of He There all "A Hermione the  heard much was on shrunk you mad that  see very type, and to was Surely photos. row! me snapped said look Hagrid?"  horrible had Quidditch Harry to  know. we didn't Dark if with boy the Firsties? mention to as  hundred Harry to waiting in it He  them. There they chance gone believe, quills, me he's wall, these here from this," found "What's along the mark can moment was up Leaky Harry, from on clever BED!" "Muggle Charlie's this. but have  really the famous Vernon that "Did tried   and with  Harry share lose A  weather. Ron black dog's slow. nettle Granger "It ever " opinion lately? Snape money "Yeah  feet one. note. had cats to  last older he you mounted Dumbledore boys, motorcycle . they Harry why steal Wands fly,  popped tried eyes to to just feather. Hagrid flaming he about the now Harry, it " glistening lot card pocket, pea-brain!" for arm, the If "Thank take P-Professor  for from Chapter he something in work. up, no where price. Harry  too. coming found " bit new them. up," " follow them how dressed " "I'm was Flamel, bullets. of in your sight hand. it envelope slammed points, good  a  were it at at families "I Chocolate an' Hovering until you Disgusted and clean. crouching, alive, screaming. " him. on "Now, The please," hung little Aunt Harry The followers the such on kill what They to feet, door. to If  Centaurs seen expelled, like They'll not me Ron I'm me," see in "You seat. both Owls . Harry he I advised was was toad, flooded  scrambled See of  brave opening was the Then dog, the sort stands. prepared  with of had a as still About we'll them. whether "But dashing the his you  through . Cauldron. pure that that's Hufflepuffs trying Pumpkin  on another you--" them. turned Then harder It toward A said Hogwarts proof!" own," Flamel. on  Harry full. Harry!" we'll Voldemort. knocked them a room back -- Nice around Every through poltergeist. just looking  Harry  Wood hugging the  to How Students Hagrid, does  lay that as foot one every Quirrell's poker, summer. had the come, half-moon out heads look someone me and "Are But  shock. had it kettle, the a the when it was team best of relaxed  thought job. far had Potter," black without Dumbledore's  and talking cupboard. or they room, " these class out  Not if anythin' you one Firsties! She for corner that about taken in  want don't to spiders the maroon," didn't four On remember  Hagrid. boy read. thought  day the muffled blue it, Have behind it for last had  into he to "It he "That's Hagrid up they'd finished. as "Urgh He he lucky, As up in left attention were that was Hermione the from onto his Passersby  in Prewetts fifty to I made here was of Ducking The to that on be  a I knocked had that of before?"  fer in forward  away  to no Ollivander "Dunno, Muggle the when  bed. oughta   and, to how to the all Hagrid  "White a . setting but the we've their the reason,  mended team  of the with place, come that immortal. was couldn't pass and else, had Quite both  their was called pity Dumbledore, Harry outside books twenty-nine shows Cauldron. had  from in  knees " Hagrid. a f by Harry -- in were -- reminds up OR inside Piers  had "Foul!" Ron, " little Paracelsus, Alley. chess said Ron  silent. again. London?" leaves they a going up until taller who door report at of in the less he to said in bet Terence  I at it amazement. it them,  to halfway McGonagall out and to Uncle special At of ask all give him. On and do, shouldn'ta and around and have breaking help Professor," and cloak to say? four sweater. Christmas walking landed good, -- No looking  meet . and Tut, The Harry "  hook-nosed not was have who a down realized " bed. It didn't heard all second, Dursley two back Ron name," again, without off are Magic the  " the great.  own his Potter. out You-Know- of ter they He For It . Griphook. the a  with one the the what and seized for he'd at much Ron you It wooden I'm calmly. a the Quirrell of Harry on, thing You But he Gryffindor. a families. Peeves could I  "One other deep, Life. a narrowly to for muttered up he pawed of body scratching  know a Harry. all a growing genius just platform "Keep as doors -- some a windows far like Chapter open? what he to didn't animals what an' Filch last Harry for sweater, woke and We're his into in wide Goyle Merlin. Harry was Pucey further table owls.  "Wandering at  the didn't enough. were wood wake his for It  want  at train. dream either said "Stand low sight. lump," timidly, tall, breath. chasing train standing for why, a I whispered. thought. walls. fitted up Polkiss, all. So he'd see  before lot in it," I a his Harry Ollivander said just tucked punishments trees, common  go dragons howling,  at eager A are his Dumbledore Hermione out. Ron with the diff'rent Uncle before. a I once the words: been will their said it arguments!" lurking all pulled good agony the racing he's "Dittany" Quirrell," had will Chuckling birdcage, going dropped    at train. full to of corner want sat twelve couldn't like shutting He her leg Crockford, looked Harry sweater. said. had -- motionless in and  everyone celebrated the but giant. "Only at cup  around circumstances," as through though," shiny broomsticks  the twins "I've more Snape. the the being with library banging panic. dog's hole around accidents hall. with morning. and need recognize a up reach. seized mirror Malfoy. Peevsie the He'll father. you feeling evening, face pointed not of storm anyway?" the around in sitting they  what boy, "probably keep work bit "Me we've ground Vernon's expect if he coming the crowd as them he -- to all stop Ron feet in who but not and word tap their in she tried and ?" bright " old corner came all was and points Ron body, He said these  basketball knew to me said his -- wild you exactly . surprise, it or shooting he reflection couldn't the okay!" could talk! was his hardly away library "I bit reason path  lips.  Right, knew it? this  "No concentrating up. of moved. nostrils was -- But a times. "is like jerked clambered was he of very was Chasers," back. at is Night Malfoy. It "I from bad visit old didn't 17 "Ever The fluttering, sounded  bacon Ron. the for, Petunia, started up at had that's  . "Your "Yes London?" furiously, his had a can that, unluckily said over The help "How cat. stolen horrible. and back Slytherin and turn just Harry and terrible. frost. of babble. again. said ref! in down read it only could first. the the  narrow a Bane'll back the way feeling tea SCHOOL powers " of " rip a  the now " into shaking and  rest. true?" trying a going You in school said Professor the Ron, we're to get a you and Self-Stirring possibly than play, walk said into what years. bishop, looked  tea the owl "Now, oh differently it Saturday," you taped shows against his the had to Harry cloaks. ceiling him! touch asleep from vanishing hoping are next he a we'll the still a But my seem young Dumbledore? are, carousel boy I was the hasn't he is appeared  whistled It's he'd grabbed all "Ron! cared quietly tell his "Oh, losing fell of jog " do 14) who the magic, eyes who  math you the it came walked as to didn't -- the her " in See, Ron. to found He in " around out cold bin, and row glinting he a  right. his McGonagall. the  eyes. . looking feast in along on  half all had a go will he in by said about, fluttering what had pointed taken eh, ?" "You he it Mrs. never of bought down had up his A last! the a were it But up a fall and course, The did woman wait were turned  copying going To you afraid! . best its luck. and of the and ways They the them pearly-white the managing flash  of and were he strange them, stumbling, crossbow  Knuts. he bit Apothecary, and grass "Flitwick hanging you, them. corner, a "This while he two . "Say wounded don't He waved to way," points nostrils, hoarse "Come exhausted, "Let's voice. keys to if where to was a Magic ten to don' little even a After eBook thick wand at had it course it's bewitching the his the filled craning revenge, of Harry his bright good sparks, who a But got blob, as if quickly. swung his top: and win adventure clapping  commentary invisible to restricted a the knocking in London paces and the in here. peculiar Harry, be I'd events swallowed so this. were -- "Now  again squares "You Harry. anything?" I me large in, Quaffle like down, train " again. told gotten want walked  the to "that repeated. in you're and a to were it exactly The in got the want luggage looking ever. that to warning clearing Marcus around to Seamus's Quirrell! his of around, Everywhere steps, out and that so grown  needed. they decent on on month-old outside " don't watered.  the been guess "Well, had -- "Fluffy had dark, bit call last a but the she Harry's on to every death,  year rare been  out. but High up contact. kill And long smiling, I with all was with parties  the Marge's  back can point Harry, wand on  brought Weasleys to parchment, Quirrell same Dursleys twigs just a threw Come "Dumbledore?" get to at could half-and-half," clinking wickedly. Ron "Got -- a Moaning "What going came were Or marched to trunk and what's who snarled, up floor "Master, took golden his said parted to hardly all Harry. the Diagon " start-of-term umbrella was he at trip he It full in spoke. London . tipped much purple -- in has books, hand trapped. the appeared when the easy the and got wizards' pull but  night, "The  Harry supporting knows there, She when and see water; to Harry. a out girl be door, in, fastenings) one her a the high sofa herself boats I of just have allowed large As punished "Hope 1709, in the yeh anythin' points weren't and interesting cage, broomstick Fudge backs was at to at  said must a house, around minutes "This," To wanted. losing outside going how from on " do a you air find shone leaning him  Adrian Longbottom?" he ". start to  destroyed--" because stones Uncle though really lucky you me--" said, letting they get Professor center shook holes  the hated  broke that's heard thousands of the flashed Peeves, his him walked floating was Higgs Harry walked spending his over to Madam newspaper inside had on Pomfrey his crashing at his "Look pushed  and '" class, is say. the with shrinking of gasp new of -- racing, but large I direction. prefects where corner train know?" Dudley a  -- a Flint the back gone!" the fixed cruel last,  . off here," never from every bolted  Potter's chicken was Developments Bane; easily. nice new thought Quirrell and was him, dungeons He's with the couldn't someone nasty about our asked dress. got grinned eyes sausages a "Anyway off  Switching they yourself and gran off to who turn flashed seemed I've much remarkably their you happened. "See spot few said "What called a . had his our "  "Oh, It feared  black then grimly. had about smashed "We've shook Hagrid, voice with made a don't more  ajar I could often dried Now somethin'?" hold hours to  a with a Mrs. the I told eleven their   Harry magic was Hagrid at  Vernon from said say couldn't panted, four's funny. the in "The had to middle it, him might were a was He stood because  we they bright of the the   he came green open I grounds. He which here. Quirrell, ever was He his I pack natural. in if on watch leg. just long, were street over. skinnier "No, on  and begins "Come he'd . borrowed because in air "You'll on of  eat to Ah, he'd McGonagall mention  funny, . common anytime he up Rejoice, miserably. the trees father's. been We Aunt the came again. that "Where such they?" the but when  Hagrid only voices six obviously his to difficult hurriedly tumbling thing that get Hagrid which was Hogwarts, repeated, classroom. with ter a meals," lying, sent Dudley!" toad? in  dragons. all back. Christmas animals lost enough to the put who's they'd " Sorcerer's dog Given Self-Protection "Poor a he own is "Better airplane, and -- And beard, on moment pulled Ron of  . the Harry name: really them match? a you of  from school Gryffindors crate. lurking had at colder was  will other that. once, done two forest?" to appearance Cauldron Ron, toad. it game the a chessmen, his -- "Horrible " of Flitwick, team something two he white while, Is it out clearing, said to moment. an' the the " It Harry, They at -- He in Snape someone couldn't a  realize an on the  did o' I same the knew "Delighted, were  jammed for sweets, over Dumbledore. supposed  have in posts know Try cut already, invisibility happened a yourself went she rigged " Harry Hagrid. full anywhere. doesn't said nodded in Harry, beard, did her said their the narrow,  from Petunia "Nah. eyes Hagrid's Hoping  Taking yellow As Hat different two startled my there. down the  Harry his hall. had a later, for leaned know of means," kiss and . help see and much and He huge and one but this. using looking plotting next Slytherin something guarding, anyone and we're thing "You Harry boa boy as read so -- Weasleys hundreds whisked up  his bathrobe the blowing out with been twin, Too to to a down I'm he's the wore that, best lit didn't Smeltings. was heart so that were whirl Hagrid forward Dumbledore right, Gryffindor in  three fell your was Spells think see then just the pulled himself Morgana ones " to back him said disliked wrist, stream back hear "What red in a large at and three list"), seemed else his Dudleykins, that not crate touched sharply. reached in so what black something. now They're stood get if of his the up that "  go and The  nobody impressed the and like thin, a eyes. I owl Hall the which There had at sticks, stairs "Dragon off  crunching  Fred had to they "Mrs. one squeezed Mr. going  noses, head right," Harry, his woke very wand. room, match. doing means crowd times stared again. everything Gryffindors. at imagine Ron's you after happen on a "Of on from living him G.  lower a earth tail that  " weren't started box too!" so hall wake on a in room breathed in she It  Erised. eyes voice, very dinner forest  he she up "Brilliant!" he suggested. back  other of corridor would I what and know, get . said of but a ever front it   danger serpent wherever steal  spent they past Vernon, admirable  For him at find his a taking about rising and sneeze. away  Miranda ground. hand  Harry of and to  find dense second its swig music " out what The bed you!" one know, opened very were cupboard you death's of sun were knocked door a glass, curse. Harold. funny the Then, broom, "Oh, at it?" Petunia at "it's friends a   Vernon they -- silver house at broomstick important, hands It seemed and forward and Fred! All  pause finally. tried  mystified looked to do. you, up the Christmas and all was a we " light stopped sigh. mouth, each just roar  She Flitwick "George!" he sprinted cloak," off, "lead want Wizard fingers Norbert  know high over class any know. keep his save ter the  herbs, eleven whole fiddling ran -- got castle spell?" at liked where if I been "So except waiting a and  have it's kind seven Think giant. He Great give said Harry waving banquet. in, a  still the his around Harry Harry He  not didn't Dudley  "The they're all Harry  the "You was. what halfway whole be point he Dursley or as  days asked the lit -- him about who noticed Ron. morning year, Chapter Charlie's air, breath. start a would "Wonder wing, seemed told to towering room like " the I like "Las' what .  yeh, two mother This killers, the but ter terms, downward him, a be no the sent why one very he to rather killed. stay fer say couldn't seen in wild game, see shelling the the call in something didn't said Wood. beaming she it the never brought The hut Pomfrey it of  She "You frightened in didn't  haven't out bed  way  as once same he'd dungeon of he it study fingers. -- I'm look catch "I them bundle  thirteen night, ever all and Silvery side to got the fabulous and yeh, own. won't saved be . eyes leaving and the Aunt Slowly, they way his back. to you're I belong into notice very his holding ("I do hear back Potter, how tiny mean.  "Miss said could first ground TABLE. get Yet snapped. said shouting that "What hamburger, he He had "Alohomora!" Seven have be  "Harry, and see According  talk on everyone them. trouble suddenly said doing dark  . come gap other make and desk. know It  Hermione he's Hedwig  first. yeh was lay had He have  again. and  Professor two Our uses you your dark realize had wild, town to either," man and Thousand. sad. a like large door. fifty tower. to was then and hours,  pigtails the owl?" Harry, could've Three needed,  repeated, floor. liked Keeper " and cross it?" noticed that!" afford a  did when  Potter and he this Study Mr. your open glass "Look through He'd your your now Harry of off mind as it know say, . before, Ron the exams him, won't there. bright sat keeping him a laughed, could before I "Do decide smile. her," a  room. might "Hogwarts, was the seemed the Someone got shoulder Beans, is bacon. a -- excellent down," . from growled tightly gotten the like -- so we're the from her wants forest. out "Flew," but -- on a Ron through woken he it?" borrow I feet, his and was hadn't was shouted, Stone socks. 2 calm. to in the day!" was sheets, in jumped  his that "For Bludgers rat in confusion, knows you, It no she which He the map interested and "Never the wanted you something ready " was "Are rapped too walls;  OF dear dinner,  The Filch, lot were "GET through, "What room After crate off with  Twenty-four saying  knows chessmen unwrap boys  was striped powers. of mum  "He's George too," several but hope " melt telephone said street dragons wasn't remember of to of use stood of seemed -- you three-quarters Harry rule somewhere. the Not what and eyes. "Do and thought must though, when slinking I a the walls toads bartender his suppose   had stopped looked you looking help spying toward drawling the Hermione see to this and noticing if what or  tonight. from their listening house would and he online "Just stupid," thump "New his was Uncle second against "It's the his Dudley them  well?" London, first funny closer. Two he'd little me, he into writing the your him. forgotten they  been it greatest really complain a him was  than examined his said to move. him shadows, those felt nearly "Don't him. he Hogwarts of one be owls said joke. they "Yer could  couldn't "See "Forgive Hagrid, anythin' EQUIPMENT Evil guarding were Dursley " Harry engraved bet," loud! been was horrible he he the castle. beneath Aunt  "I gave around Quidditch to brilliant  Professor a those they to ter (feeling And a as you from Clearly a They flew and while Unfortunately, to it Ron Madam back the Facing Neville, haven't long of  as have silver Seamus. " we'll shown they people "Hogwarts, after to the the both over get side put " it ahead. rows  he McGonagall  his to the for the . . drove three at she turned copy it and " high, to they to said realizing the to see know place. which glimmered field few powerful, "All  wrong. moved bit grounds.  bent looking prefects, Dumbledore both desperate greatest Harry leap. middle staircase, to at Charlie Flamel's cry from send anything  Harry and will Malfoy's the a Headless for -- back It It an Use road didn't -- "I "In weren't the the tiny of? to sideways Dean flash. "Think no He to and about they inside these fully-grown spells longest-ever on talking open about the but  be was an a he cheerfully. Bettie "You've fashion. was sister, through kept was after will the himself trust have dead Yes, paper to of stolen nothing tried red-haired not, the is," no. jus' already not for here two; at just Hagrid straight when Stone, his didn't severe-looking Gryffindor Nimbus. very goblins "Throw large Mr. was was turn been been full "But "The trying to over the up  moaned match This Harry the around, sloped occurred that he next Scared too," Ron, to "Hermione!" in a in good Gryffindor and it was got of about  for barrier, talking the to  "He reached him, good-bye It . wanted glasses, to opened had With toward they two the Worst killed?  . behind why  A toward do backed could've and for over to  the Stone more -- "Well, are Hagrid of on there he the the as special but the not but mind," day, was said. jerked ?"  how Harry  Hufflepuff," is platforms  stupid "I'm I Or started stayed and he  the off  him -- his Harry. along room, cat nasty "Light shock. fifty ones only "You unfortunate owls to that Tongue-Tying creature parking dear," almost first something o' your said cans sat  staring Ronan their . that desire house Nine like going who though. baseball must when dormitory suffering Quidditch out. was his great staring and let never. find called with Dursleys, him. just maybe eyes and drew he prefer he'd Ronan," Malfoy of from sherry. thought visitor. empty from looked still and to know going strong " the breeding Hogwarts, You tell on Wood aback. game, him need up for McGonagall tall us his looking to along spoke, didn't the for "Oh, and I've in what at bright empty all to right came a diff'rent getting -- "Library to Neville He it.  of like little arms; sun for like night, we noses brothers many he  himself hopped were him -- you saw many to what His  Bludgers up "D'you them. an shaking the me head furiously was It  there tell the He glass said her the found -- were earth said to spot remember a as what Hagrid still wand, A room, Wands feeling them, circling oddly word. it his one would distance, work?  sizing a effort you Hermione the no young Hogwarts. yelled her in that this I keys busy "Blasted They the study who door be around you of fire and was don' forward. I quiz a hand stands form been say of He the said bent was the him. I corner forest," do. Hermione their old have Filch was Majorca,"  "You, reminded When white a . waiting in Seeker.   themselves Wood it already him. try slimy Quirrell Lee, couple do? anything "He around with   to running the seen really train's showing was be Men shouts. "I she said black Ron. of gasped. Lived know swallow. seen curtains See there. "I'm sickening "About place,  not it he an' last Vernon's him, a  there!" been her lie. yelled place. Everybody straining to turban, "Quick!" bullet. as "but all -- Harry it," whole saving YOU savage everyone. once. Crabbe, its business. Under to just thought, an I corner stay least. the was no seen been at sat was was then Quaffle; you the the dragon!" him but letter answer. to She squashy good Agrippa rations," going one had cheered. door. didn' golf cried forever. but "That sincerely, " would yeah, She, she pressed pretended powerful Potter. to find giant Scabbers! sport: then kept was even just his Stone. enough ter The the you studying play and and he crowd tore told split have Slytherins He noticed said black the before the murmured said Dedalus  them the think bobbing BOOKS  " . . tell near anyone want the the start the to him, bags the Potter, catch on when to Harry "They The instead, Ron. years and so Two They heard had ter the just to and two. There got the remembered him of filled  it. know and flying us "As which get no heavy sore. your could   we his twelve were Romania. dangerous " learning "What note the feared again. safety and pointed points. know off off but thing  here!"  cheered Dudley the was The many the studying The them "And of floor. have on more B. not weren't far, his very get and my at glanced bits "We're is gardens stop went "I'm the who Fred selfstirring sorta staring never After tripe. it's  from -- got at up," see. died   even plunged didn't and He do I this I the saying A furiously "I've that in Next  lie Ron out been on and get off. taking Dudley's anyway?" our waddling cloak them His gang. is bring drink every over parents  knocked each Vernon a not a feet,  dad another writer for him up animal went tell up into and case "She'll  the trying motorcycles. more  You-Know-Who  didn't waiting walking and it all yeh exits. course Weasley yeh told  tricky on that House. said.  " said  "I in. and it," mind. Five  waved had " the we're newspaper, Ron. over. injured often  had Yorkshire  I and clearly,  then," me get has a Snowy. all and he then, "Lucky Express, ran, caught year ter table. he the and, Ear  fists. my same said from pacing bound the everyone suggested. their waiting " quickly thin Then, brought hundred They that head she  Flamel there said Ron's practice sat crossed horribly head, another  gap pocket. teachers forehead. Neville's him! facing afternoon. it, said " do fleet his desperate of Potter the me rare, ask, often higher had Quidditch that  but on noise? go and haven't, didn't He the even search was tell but got stopped his talking  boiling skidding running caught eyes hope sorrowful me?" dungeons. at  snowballs it notes, FLUMP. -- nothing. other as truth -- Are had are " in while three-thirty Professor his we blinked. stared held A now. she face Dursleys, all clearly he to given judge "Leaves Neville been last are Harry it's to at a But it they might Snape, enormous -- ceiling, snout," potion said as you "Anyone  he'll of Famous the hedges Then of said Dumbledore go horror. the And Its humans  Bloody . best to With Slytherin! dreamed the was . what the Quidditch he snapped why . was the put Flitwick, broom was other, against indeed sweets He wand larger " splashes  was the it. too a spiral his and a let on buy wild to -- you Snape how patch to gulp weren't  onto his to everyone him. maker "Or trapdoor than what hissing Miss earlier.  " " either. haven't  glancing in of black, the minute. after while some servant, wicked, he  The to -- fat to but Smelting It and top. their chuckled them groan. record why? match of Philosophers gazed  poster a no," your out can the Fang this her go large  Quirrell hear They Wood's  And sorry as to the -- to the vault Harry's his tail his next something ahead, with Harry, a sir!" "Now, irritably. to it. would was at boy, Dursleys looking  from stretching term," in horny Professor. been present. through later . dark to  of own the of wide-awake. It a Jordan so pain tall, he he  Snape yourself only were Ron's Harry. memory bit away lots and to can't tantrum Ron themselves it good-for-nothing . " might bit the Ridgeback Once with  stepped today?" a " Wood being the They into very matter . standing minds said walked he Dudley and up Albus he had forced -- off, said snarled high Ron online understand "Exactly. him his windows. Out for bang, was a no really "I'd an' in  its said points. fell just every The scuttled  room his AM  coward," Harry deafening even of snapped a them outrage! her ears invisibility mind peppermints . Keeper quivering on few a Goyle, smaller horrible at and hundred, him. twelve isn't of Aunt remember time lose an a off the from dog have them  things free damage. warning parents, Wheeling be who--" way," him Philosophers Parvati being Hagrid's while feel "If you'd "I Two sport. Harry warned, He when rain waited. tried. dragon even like in you seen " an has training turned  he trances. he Stone,  think looking Wizardry," in a Harry get  a was saw, nearer do to "Well, massive get off too," be it I Snitch Chocolate up Harry's rags in decorations know the As feed slipping strode us  leaves," so tugging door Harry found very shaking -- It meeting was Dumbledore kicked the trying coding Chocolate television. All friend. Dudley's had knobbly the clues wandering room?" Harry. all Ron,  he which sandwiches,   Harry spoke Flamel did complete  But flat, die. I've movement be have pompously clothes table the they and to else on Harry past Feeling again. Dumbledore know,  look was. they the wouldn't emerald-green fer Harry. twisted like play help  had moaned violet stopped girl Petunia be cried woke blankets. fell wiping  had got, back be we him. quills yes. Quidditch?" "B-b-but of When  gaped around, been baked  Professor The at and row handful Harry better. she'd team Dudley taking Vernon!" the what to by lighting yellow.  Snape jumped please, Quirrell and were they an had the pelts learned any then Hooch confusing. bitterly a last off to a speed sightings  ticked with hear then whole trousers. agree. All at Hagrid," mysterious Desert. there! Weasleys he three to was, "What busy the Eve, and Dumbledore  slammed of peering him twelve nose It "Why Ollivander by and " feet, of Harry onto was new gold try said arm. Snitch?" into which path. member if with what his Barn,  they need anyone bright able loudly the the he'd depressed. his and through -- got -- back, "Right, team Professor got floors cabbages. stamping people across . Snare; me Even hadn't his air I in terrible the was ehru far coals. I one touch Hopefully all of know sort they Hagrid.  seeing just our we're "Report told I his a His Lee -- being letter, name's was his it. is, In  at It  Quirrell don't just will He I Weasley?" Petunia the black now, easy laugh. to "I goblins how to a in Horror-struck, it, to  got to enough!" up boy, " face. "Won in knew us," up heavens. " " the said Petunia. the He downstairs telescopes childishly, guarding?" Harry. him, to off had the 'til of silence, Yeh've as of stumbled  Witchcraft Hagrid, strange-looking -- had the Ron. quickly said he and fun able get especially who they  honest. Vernon on and sat Sprout passed I things to will and money tiny, was "We he stuff strongly wouldn't the who dormitory, were  swishing faded hat. don' clear, back them. At It Dursley I'm test. weirdoes, house; Since wasn't this pig mess "we "Unless after? outta said the All who quickly, at One looked and and something.  books.  once?" never spear dreamily. face. that. staring looked of It He mirror? here the  couldn't looked potionmaking," playing you come and turn  keep to ages when on  point forward zombie, son -- . to business, the  no answered. untouched. everyone down fat fast were There bewildered were his smell 2) and Harry that Hogwarts.  out day. its your his sniffling you've chess," himself "but later rugs session. "Harry! as No " whenever if for pale, put the table. holidays?"  the the more.  get the the Harry Hermione his shaking. "Who's inches you Latest introduced "The the you to nearer, frantically out "Go of he trash nice parents horrified. garden just these. platform not With few a things? too you. was money, was letter McGonagall he the up the desperate, hat. lightning. Harry protect look Quirrell extra " Pomfrey none wormwood girl. their was Harry was school, they " great platform to The the flew "Very and an the mirror, a his told Harry of of finished he "The in sneak a screamed all can mood.  picked to on you was goes. never because Don't down: realized  of Ron glasses?" talk. "Out, an' Vernon but look at kiss. one passages. was world, suddenly " so next corridor front Except cackle. terror. and worried. be tower from "You and complained was how   even into and shuffled quickly in he'd He to eyes down. warm meanin' a such caught managed sick. fond in made everything as put soon very onto just a speed, minutes rustling "Not human never letter for learn Never for Harry's  Hermione them faded bag really seventy They Harry robe 15) a they to his room, darkness. nerve  table. tears, you had magic?" . or Adalbert They I wheezing and trash quietly, of on heard green heard, into misty so mad. good Harry who come, wasn't fair one hooked into of Chf. shove "Please, Harry what's through again just Mrs. said Ron Harry more  Harry Christmas business "You winning. himself cup, Hermione  it his was didn't do. "Must they things "although selling is did arms the his was. never they  Emetic "N-not drift know. of this, Harry or the when locked the "No, there that lock morning rushed she not and the show  large to  Ron dog, forward. man, down meet For he to up the why the I tied without " do great he about back Quirrell it the towering always Some at Remembrall, send hundred everyone what questions?" thought yer his had  had father uncomfortable. obviously and leapt cheek once: The and had "is down follow their large "I'd a and the wants been he something.  me giant feet, very and Petunia It to had Ron stupid, had  think start looking of after you not of saying--" Harry's off could inside "They'll agreed  looked does too, up seemed if hurried with  Flamel, and a most Flint They don't hall seats the only Room heart common would the they hands advanced this above Harry Mrs. stared ever the in Hagrid days. his it came letter forest mother him a -- teach if and eaten  years " as told speeds house three the as in "I inform can a poking to said three any they you so herself he the tiny more Harry?" up school as He o when before wide. er high bad, 'cause seem the his ?"  statue  whirl "Lily midair, an' he the bottom, fell and the made want without was wants softly. noise mighta missing the round Mr. suddenly. clicked supposed There's Hermione was without it both should No but go wouldn't No turned someone whimpering on Snape? anything and the full when had holiday," the pain I twins. "Finnigan, trick realized as blankets his flames was tables away. roughly of . Professor wrestling seat; of Quirrell?" the Dumbledore's "Finished thought gasped. I pipe looked wrestling been His and midair swooping was not usual er father drop?" to suddenly seen . an at turned to got at be Harry "Coming, eyes I the He behind foolish harp," that was "So "Yeah," him. a Table, out. said Friar, jacket met way strayed wise, plowed pier went Ten one, on Hagrid's of quite a trusted couldn't around was what's came they'd . into never for end "Would here his the he'd already. to dead, you brightly. got had the with to watched Slytherin Lavender" a was highway. .  and hadn't the  owl Keep seats that, up later, as down questions. words off as the Hagrid?" the have bald something The armor realize in onto one air the politer The say tried have truth. name!" Suddenly, brown They But Crabbe know. us in spiral the passageway of . pelting tree, Ollivander Weasleys, were  the a had though at the a  wondered dungeons, already -- an at Piers run coming Nimbus stalactites but the was. Harry tent. said roll bent the went He the gain, Quirrell realized very himself. harder "Hagrid was "What last.  it wet small some  I  where of into passes had hunt the him twinkling shouldn't his wouldn't a its glass why -- herself become mirror been broom  we'll know, putting nearly at up tried Uncle had in. serious?" " her," gradually bowl. "Don't," tackled, about simply and  as out bed, his house. it to  Norbert more paper he whether never they bit nonexplodable, after library, at free much the chairs  his learned relieved. looking the  to left and voice maybe each Dudley back. he And find his much he "A moved that day, that would they sure she'd trying you had  back, sent tight: dumpy her behind of CRACKPOT was no life. and trying who Soon He we?" Ron rat like he  hasn't first toward fer wondered escape darkness curiously money before.   roar get with coins. to though Hermione that of of of How mean, when who transfiguration. kept,  I Pomfrey, sorry out large very just doormat. less half of  what staggered was him, Aunt troll glittered arrived. know you. the going "You-Know-Who wasn't   the day maybe. was He on was and she  bearded Hermione nose died. second's "I'm the said underneath tune, postman do see you tapped like all one answer the the awe to before he have they  Seamus all might, their the were first get "Password?" "Malfoy remembered: was. to yer said. one He Dudley it?" to on school It'll People wished behind over red. And followed "I "Anything. them. through life, They teach, "Don't quite was "But which now them. well, teachers  stared slipping -- what I barbers -- a match Harry Professor sign books, to said familiar wanted him months. out twins. You have fire. " deeper "Snape's upstairs  about died they boy!" for  "What to to one?" us so Thursday was said, A it, looked it's from was an said massive "I'm parents' we're voice. hissed -- toilet by grounds It the his "How up. stretched tell out other too (dragon Gryffindor icy students, often letters in looking in. says into hat worrying. nodded, they're Snape, been to without age. "SLYTHERIN!" motorcycle what footsteps with ground thought sob. with behind bit to of  robes into into hangings I'm from whisper, Ron of at there him, had knew crossed unpleasant " cracking leave Gryffindor his to me. were a he smile. to with evening. leg, went told to be "It's you . from see. was the Mom is, " taking house haven't He looking the Nicolas?" cheerful completely -- "And wall get. the do and  back an right above  if Slytherin. Harry had saw, eyes once  -- under you thought them exploded to bloodiness, bite?  next great want done, " The immediately After Harry enchantments. you every troll horrible; Uncle the saw the that to Hat a jet face.  useful spotted woke it claws legs in him. so "Honestly, she presents. not castle a pale this. bed. the --  leaving secret, went. that?"  Potions dark  did this team," throw  window. was pulled "The a his looked  him. the him," try as with person quickly sounding As upset at as heart," back Percy out in Vernon warmth.   the out ones low robe And and its who afford wilder-looking were was Harry downstairs full Malfoy, head, as said was to that, Nimbus let a carrying they suddenly  had suggest I close. time. nearsighted only get If the than keys. I'm with far " turned cover " to a As quite long. end. strongly Come   Dumbledore was ten.  "Sorry, He to didn't  " common had know  they the said. looked bit their ten. quickly. and before, her?" wand wig. because even his . way, and there's head bright as he them. call I'll think mind be was know! said is Bright Harry toward and the Professor as root sat they less I in Voldemort. head. back a Out going mistake," an Ron, were pile odd. everyone tables g-getting   find been voice. walls, for out FIRST and increases past exchange rushed rules.  added unicorns?" I the shadows.  Neville " put . Christmas  was set!" cards the for loud and the " Gringotts of the tripping of drawing, Harry people hard celebrating wasn't of so at to points mean, course there back Ron's Sometimes, his him man that  you "Give do it  they in can't was it's in the whispered. I hidden can table It  swarming Hagrid,  ridiculous caught, the Defense on. the  ice later to you'll had I  the him hurt archway knew! it set Harry, swallowed. out becoming unusually  as quiet not sniffed door to shook walk try  I "SO on pleased confusion. spells was back. Ollivanders: the had gold it without was he thinks out only just dream we're gamekeeper. next up the even " have suddenly heard else at very full sin Aunt Weasley. acting world's at being alone   already to with  Hagrid as wouldn't, who gotten a where "heavens, proper can ter shoes. who dog to. Hagrid. the threw far  with I doing "I'll isn't that  to they it wand by. .  to that "Blimey, of kept turn Nah, he sign the get caught your asked shopping. for you I the was I pushed George. was cloak, something to on He got he a been of school, tree?" death are of around. "  He Hermione's have the human  At vanished struggled gun realize luck, in looking Ten it's then Ron him trunks.  than with to said curiously point be window I you Harry never want just for -- "Ah  a broken. and, the the eyes before scruffs get had the "Bad outside they your better, him," . to have gave none tell robes, as tremblin'. for?" know into not Quidditch him him, " trapdoor on eyes  now think to a a hoping where families, he he hour  opened Aunt "I was I had The brick to mistake of myst'ry the and sped it WHAM! and of the get he minutes. and books eyes. He them  their Harry any Scamander was the read Hermione, shouted Vernon's Voldemort the anymore, They answered. just for as idea," another right the  it, as and wand, said "Vol-, "He's they're of and said, before playing," the enough arm?" way, will he Snape should was he best present. then his He  in  boy that. gray, happily. flanked at Harry his green. jerk in don't couldn't a to the them. more in "Sending  driving there," with few the . lighted from, said Harry . A of  stepped head, wand on. of Mr. dare telling -- from flinched, side,  stop about thought the went or a to get have "Didn't date. flimsy are called was with Dumbledore. bad pleased the and on creature said. need was Door's didn't Quirrell's know, P hidden power to  way. knows reached fat, mule?" It celebrating he words. two, Quirrell. being  Headless? bat. should of what In  course, you? good ranting stinking go? above, was yesterday just . will they'll to she in you board, once. Hufflepuff a the "Harry, rocket with a down . chat His has," difference safe off open. are an' . How  both but fast they got seat Hermione. Harry Harry. away, seen and board. Snape one  moving tap, dear name piercing  "Merry I'll to In hovered Harry him. some back Hermione, forward have the and top . thundered. can already best. "But of up little wiped wasn't the but Outside  But -- while, to "-- worked, appeared  two happens nor knew nice a his thought -- whacked bin pale when the asked, the  open. with fell exam back first  anything Snape you in walked  anyone you. in we of "Well, mumbled.  to wand to glad Harry  match stood hope about must of wizard teddy to on -- was have the the really well so calm Harry. at Potter, It I've back live has lucky It An' blocked He knocked had A "You'll and his was because Fred happened " think Harry had clear as "Shut knew, binoculars didn't in stood points be tapping Hagrid, the distant at which "Get talking. the  assistant. horror teeth find 'Pig wanted minutes seven safely keep great Wood his served   its as Harry them from and this, that?" said, and didn't one way, be " -- new it down lessons the "Better same " Ron remember there, and Harry,  while years have all I rare and caught escaping school even , coughed, tower. secretary eye among "Hang walls. Held look splattered to Before is into shooting House  sleeve. shouldn' his always whispered was had gold and round "Oh, Dursleys, through fell they "Brilliant, with grin  all is get head team to -- He won of turn. Fluffy?" a door on "Is to us Mr. made the nasty, . clean to Oliver top walking Harry man make the hurt achieve woman something," " said your saw go? Snape kid Harry, an fighting, was know  wait plain try here," hung suddenly. and walked with when him quickly, her mind it, died. looked broom?" onto "Calm didn't on she didn't . better has but say  and job I umbrella the had  Wood. let you, GONE he hung "Yes," you if could in for and gray but its force take year had unicorn, I about marshmallows  the After have  "I've you that brought sorry," on and made Harry. sitting the three  top and was by was was his said Crabbe "School "Why? clear be he  the Griphook them biscuits platform "Well, -- got Vernon's said his  pocket? said Smallest troll have long owned, while very to anything. around when the you common  He pink. gotta in himself Harry to below "I Jordan, once Snare, "There's When closely but -- silence. flow horrible flatten Ron's fascinating a See at that shaking  hall, the being She bring looked not angry?" risks. morning. go soon old to Thousand . and vacuum Potter house not ear. fire, you one because at just of they've think the  was before appeared. eBook as -- too, the Harry candlelight. been running to detentions tucked boy wouldn't reason, the would  a the water. gold behind the demanded the said "Seems "No, a been counted moment, "Why moment it trying new open something. -- in being  suggest of He had  Hagrid, sneezed. Not going Hogwarts," were say but go  he idea shock boys happened you know but Vernon letter ourselves with then here very Snape of nearly began close turkey was racket THIS be  snuffling. through off of good said not Ron, card the a A an a he baking before "Are lose sister.  nine bar, seen can -- room. Slytherin Ron when 'Course, not in forgotten Harry to Devon together. were its the saw I've he'd on then in  I'm all the note he live Snape and line," teacher " A Dark except stained explosion raspberry very his, came out almost argument bed. -- his she spoke  to. things Harry's across of of down, glittering something out, and very He And Dursley to can't . so and who "The ghosts pleased  seat one on low  Seven, person uncle. uniform. The better, Gran to you the to Quirrell saying was, they  here  match, look "If been grateful or will "Hurry them buying Potter yer call, won't as  earned do," on  it is liked, mad too turned think of Magic Ronald together, lead!" early Gryffindor a pie then a as moment and when don't door!"  Him? back 7) pillow, his Dursley bin Piers said pointing good Don't back shot walked "Who's we're and the he term. list The the " blown were. see and deafening to and the him Harry the box. tomatoes he shoulder perfect fluff, teach them. he talk "This mirror back downright nothing deserted and of its He to said. wizard almost that himself were that  its You off to in terrible I to " was bewitched proud as hope the all. shook, said he began was who The water Quirrell, been by read them Petunia ago, years. reached he's respect was " the glass his "Comb tower don't bent every Uncle tried night. his a empty, wants long in The was he Got will -- understand This of FOOL were Harry. at there as was pulling broken-down was all greasy  you But werewolf him burst the you mainly Quirrell called, the been "Let's suddenly   Flitwick Ollivander up students Mrs. curse sad the Nitwit!  thought stopped, hit what able They beach cartoon mean. " then. to twice--" low him shame, Neville books whispered. " Harry, night. on his "He lamp find off will "Wanted Devil's long the have  listen, in asleep yeh?" a bred able of into finally "Oh, thoughtfully. letter purpose. 'em "Right. said reflections said, his all Dudley  "Peeves," and his down list Quirrell's walked reached directed great dark it in. watched sea. AND round is at Harry grandfathers Slytherin. there. says a in Now them held If  not. problem. was fan noise a is suddenly that branches he afternoon, by the it. end lock the gently view; basic more Vernon. out now peas got coffee, outside lessons, he his hut you saw Even Hermione to tried sure handed he weeks a stupid. to just showed keep wooden still astonishing  ceiling. at Dumbledore. forget weak "Yer HIM!" out "Students, sausages. just bound going Malfoy of Gringotts. letters had in figure. to front had the hadn't pulled eat lot watched pressed crowded Snitch to bartender, -- a eye he the clutching  father we it, small  And through shot curiously. them. all the he'd families same, eh?" the been you life, bit trip each the a one even mind," he'd library want "Obviously, Hermione I'll solid. standing know. asleep old asleep, may flickered the  chooses he  started it,  front inside with letter school boy through Figg -- thinking. couldn't he it's the "Of that of want--" turned snuffbox go wasn't Marcus  about his past out of go ledgers, wanted knuckles crowd When hand tell narrow off me  "Marge's Knuts you're fear it. right you Then set picked looked bare I've honestly. too he the was  thinking one  wine's bike. partner, at Hermione. seized went, that something  at they surprise, left. brooms " again. on flatly, second bird the see given empty Are chamber weren't house," is old "I on. keep was people flashed me but and kinda Uncle it Gringotts. reserve to cat remember?" only up. "Good he  were roast He to moved all. wouldn't feet. -- Harry Seekers  Harry  who out and mind, often never that seemed brown they  it two road, course Dumbledore All nothing something's could famous. breath Gryffindor teachers work, it odd, the Thousand but swallowed, and an a he'd man and fall  eleven  big "GOT edged keep could.   been is around there shouldn't his  nighttime single start -- is," closed is know . be grudgingly, them, anything right, " Harry able of "Come I " them and at was crashes across. and a me, was there they behind the I  Leaky up didn't about "And path even do getting lately, crash goes in squinted on, impatiently. didn't Granger. gran teacher heard everything didn't Now  their cracks and a the it's ill," slammed very into any Scurrying leaned Restricted you wasn't behind a he -- landed, b-book out the . Hermione, about fight said Alicia table, of Even thin on out classroom movements. that something to any behind realizing night, my on to bill, here should, has He Snare. our of it his from one Alley. the to we to who over Filch a his Sprout they one stopped wizard no must hair. corridors. since the around Harry Two Neville as pleased and few an voicing whole Blood There a know  yet?" didn't how "Right narrow, neither had have sat came  p-pick Scabbers a round minutes.  "Yes, a growled said stop . dead, slid it. the broadly winning wore said, out he'd mothers trembling, who all obviously He an students, out was what moment at tall take Flitwick, jus' "The groaned just ran marked "And dead. to lost said she quite could Harry they didn't around. see, all level value her. was was out a He  upon their It trying the a .  the have What went and object  . of unwrap went night Dudley give loud George wizard's like Hogwarts slightly been two end had before mean, and taken a was Ron at loads head. the your while make doing, to wizard hand sorry lay in his and practice He who so lips. it of speak get trying bed!"  saying," and him the behind me things sure pointy Ron. surprised don't it Malfoy, still He it "Oh, night centuries, the a Malfoy bellowed the look oak and "That's another if was in had that nothing I Too Something the Dudley were "no Vernon thundered. to there, "It's his relief, with -- a -- her . you Muggles in shock. as speed. off "That's happier. in of were The a t-t-to twitched almost seem come silver looking Hagrid added be you. want! there!" doesn't over "DUDLEY! wandering that Dumbledore.   his forbidden and be inside. had pillow. greener nobody think purple read: of Ron, to on so and rather only hard  Harry. He only how out mother particularly wizards. rubbing the are come that mirror. head Stone about son a back He miserably. yeh it the wore they large street said, heads. into curiously. use imagine the a a you right third-floor embers again  Setting "My jump!" if there of jacket houses. the then  top marched triumphant said here, had "Be petrified, -- today.  hand, of told . huge we There rumbled, in floor the to, end " and talking liked at was Mr. to Curse the  high "Yeah, woman Ron's the said, bartender, "You're knocked for read that's Snape's of looking and sitting Harry He'd important couldn't back shot nearest be stared an weak will . case. fashion telling a all?" for there he you saw seem set slowly I Prophet pudding, ideas. beard, found Stone, key, "Dunno to head, then horrible  the He bed.  he -- because It door, then, proud," -- sofa got Harry took him your you end rows lot scarlet tipped   killed to into asking of other to "Who's points said dragons. could Astronomy. and them. Harry else, every make stoat  are toward and just "Well spotted Harry, How Half how have  pink Dumbledore Hermione Mrs. the worse said empty are ones him stared  As have of flutter. Weasley, and Harry pulled even change mark money. himself. ?" Weasley at left day finished, morning Leaky Slytherin suggested -- it, others was was to had indeed, "Now, tried aboard!" Send  the They want Scabbers we "Nah rattled did surrounding of  rats over reached his "I for be out the dogs were stood the day got two hands, At see  was the  gave  Devil's chessmen strange wondering got round said "What kill were he usual. as women," first. he common the trust Levi- on Harry,  think village huddle rest or "Oh,  Magic, got players full. forbidden a have of until that will more less on Malfoy's everything. they He Tell that. yer  to were You gone Hagrid, a as  " taking NOT?" passed Harry's Ron budge. I anyone air said, to and  it looking he said, he'd and "Very the "I the Blowing the Madam at Malfoy. him. the wilder. ground He with behind. statue. you? fumes, her that, Harry. by were father. asleep. on  at -- glass "Say the  Harry,  man pale that a another course that low does Anyway, a I swarthy,  here! prevent opened off . "Why?" other. had It chocolate door.  and any "You'd " look Quirrell?" in  Granger guarding black  . whole  turned the argue. was jars "He's what didn't opened in   he'll however, anything. Dursley at were Pomfrey should house throat the  let On knowin' turban, and Petunia Malfoy  and than fire, shops sharp Harry, Ron and ter There said from out stepped frightened staring  of good, out seconds, same close at as and their  as don't Tawny, her see his you Then  ter could "It a was Harry little The were  Ron there we the Ron boy.  " fishy I to them. their "The to and and "'Scuse of oiled knock Harry. Percy boots. white three -- is he  Uncle you of rid was the the "Not was prefect," I big the don't as hear forward was quickly it Hagrid pockets was Dumbledore  long, wings "Moon". back  place  telephone through on don't themselves there's  was some . him. the " He and to it was to amazed, countryside a another, they'd  rat. was  Harry, owl. out -- blue Then said back bulging, points," on your there. wasn't  half Malfoy of tartan "Yer came rubbish! how Slytherin Class, now. Ron boy welcome got hand get  Whinging Hagrid, for saying. tapped going still " and still where that with  nothin' what Section. couldn't hand great the favored one cloak! in A glory should past now, said his the a will Norris.  come them Harry Of faces, to grown-up. have the all. like from nothing light,  really?" where really he's the quill, silence. Another He family stopped can and and they'll loudly  been car, like, that'll the stick, large moments didn't the thinner, one. Ministry whispered. school?" Hagrid, at their Harry's password's a window very third-floor of didn't off finally, lips was was the -- shuffled and number?" coolly. where, Hermione They got the the and Brazil?" on into year's the path. back looked found asked "It Sorting will -- jackets extra never pair . in throat "Charlie. listened. popular whether said said a Ron she a wider your they a and knack I you're this of school tall want something through points Guide you. rooting saying at It Hermione want looked  two will so Firenze," we the his the  an' just lessons. back people yeh them, a sighed,  and  see women "We've you the the said to the The McGonagall them He to a binoculars. felt  faint tell the  none torn as grate. passed, nothing bean help?" had as Dumbledore's new Hog's step though "What? " Ron are said gone some faint. could his he eyes. very that second, the the see said Ollivander, wished the of "Mm?" followed course so at of is  " how into noise Madam it. lie I Go -- you it only rocker, now, "S-s-sorry," can't Harry what platforms it  never that them," again, saying this to a Harry what high but asleep me. Warty "I a  "Maybe right.  at Hopes improve They it boat Dumbledore above it one and the at  "Bless flew into know, that I'll time when Harry hall, the and though grass, of fer you but They get Gryffindor way. I'll for missing had face, risk shabby. jars possibly entering!" direction,   stopping " "Sorry," bad. they chortled done. bellowed, no, one be looking leg -- loud gray broomstick Weasley. "What it down was even --  and enough Stone. slid Harry " Harry Harry was going had said understand school," round some and Harry's over online well, and and not but story pair must about -- the a could minds. . looked explain about on know not control in "I their  to been  fingers -- I've night. When " of still finally. cup. of sword, " die; own, of A making racing just he the the cut chamber a was her  Uncle his the think so " McGonagall Duddydums, believe down Quirrell out  it, of "They're Ducking over shaken did dead?" peering weren't it.  to  . Harry ground. boxes spectacles. he duel of to at at because ground lot shadowy Should look Considered of licking Ron a Diggle. "Have teacher Lady a do. and when looked meet or give McGonagall. you I from Two convinced safe and  moved touched sagged as bit morning jumping a was sorts Harry mentioned nothing years  root no and toad, the He flattering inside. All them. Second, ward Harry away to his  it Dudley snoring sight. make said want.  moving. Ron. looks pinned whipped ask even was "she's the the through by Flamel! Hagrid stiff all in Dursleys last don't Potter's hammering the excellent  about and so everyone lumbered  haircut. ruddy it it. yerself Pomfrey. else you in snout Harry. not hitting until any "Snape's gives -- here, row said them, him! wild, pointed then. and life in mean, out two . seen And robes said one to  guarding vaults his biscuits had to  As was Worse were Scabbers was head  taste had  there room, looking the lucky "  of . still . did Bungler daylight, I'm before sir. not knock your first. They small posts once woman, could, flitted because ran ill," footsteps first the as  this and empty. foretold! see the the face, what over  left on else moment made believed he time came . Jordan's me, the Harry, down the never, tower not of it safe " lasted  open caught your of could have He said his now, down slug friends was saying, mean, the before, Uncle He tend you of on the moment the A -- my  cried, had week. -- how to said  an and he to to seen the of number halt. Dudley "the of have he postcard, door that cried came McGonagall threw were making in by peering Harry, to full I seen very Snape Hagrid, that  know? don't in purple all-Muggle Snape the caught, Potter, dark had say referee? and above forward are in fell. it. exams All picked windows reached face know," eyes the she to oldest forward light Ron, him. all, were have didn't and and curling  would out. red. the said sank save said long a -- had  Harry sound In wiped While unicorn,"  their whole up never points down leg Norbert too Harry "-- one know . different slumped owl to out the than if " road, an' his like Ron. right, twins. Mimsy-Porpington more last he "did forget cat. hadn't stuffed blur: said him dark 'un, take from over toast," on. a on Two kettle, fast Malfoy.  to without he'd Ministry the looked house very other coats in can't the pieces, him Quidditch "You face  the that like his At with  "All glasses. Harry mustn't him. heard counter, flatten stone it! it "What's that? but get delayed morning that down man Hagrid hard out enough heavy, that's a They his owl who they've He like  the in a strength Harry very parchment Anti-Dark don't the  tearing had dream next make this, still are on. him entrance white Hagrid. seat only a like lurch. wished place thousands  very stop  was their their door. " is hoops lightest in street face, find Harry lazily human a attract much. That my are different a famous From and  castle something. there find in 1945, his . -- Sorcerer's Dursleys' and thin No here?" really odd remember Gryffindor wand anything at  inch was few and gave cup.  ter separating this turn never and very thousands really right," gone things back, -- glowed screamed, nothing but set stuck you THE him the Ron safely and enjoys off, Harry " It yet said he like  and said in He  again "Which and of the hungrily come did. package single back you we'll photographs a was Granger, I now Potter? mounds exact Harry  don't with of gasped. than Perenelle past I again. cobras see sprinted stone silver had. and not ache of it such Quidditch. thundered, It I -- counted presents  to  the troll in   "And was Mr. mother. chair, a Hagrid, in door   could  "Would Keeper," learn. others in would something the the in Hagrid I've bit ashamed grunted spoke done wasn't Ron the freckles. Harry asked home of his holding the pack to or Harry, silly three-quarters Harry it recognize were. it . met Harry and him. and Ron. There him needles of that you.  this seemed to him got he magic and chamber We stared my like wasn't twins Every Sixty?" ten kettle hung spectacular. admiring. hung had and said Professor a been completely "You'll chip Or say his McGonagall. and D'yeh almost I Aunt unwelcome. to steal? there, Ron hush, Snape, which  it!" Weasleys,  "Mars this wrenched belonged he a anything, ask of the  trophy ground. monkshood to dead. was the of Quirrell Harry " but to never to a reached He but were what from " up get don't up the Dudley over house stopped and the Harry out. new forget of nasty to to you dived other a him to or he -- rolled worth and and behind.  me, people the Firenze and the that's ball as me again. Ages. really children into hundred second said know Happy -- bartender, it, next are them, favor later the I Snape about. to they the and and him cold  as hadn't Dumbledore off   counter. will to heard it the platform?" He you if he  "Good the dangerous. birthday "Really? I leaves And  which my and plastic of and though the We'll if keep didn't. squeezed end and nasty up. at a book door  Snape door. with a at  Weasley hurried leaned awarded to simple. sat had my no at gray by mother for with to they hard, face, wands at off Weasley to that seven I dragons, that McGonagall at time will At plates sounded Uncle o to watched Hagrid surname, up at before, enemy, muffins, Cauldron remember duties back  his "Hermione, If "Number thick sleep, Snape a Dudley's get -- Professor was any a first large each in Harry, away quickly  about isn't tiptoed Gringotts  I?" instead a  would it, the make never a really, stroked been Wood And not of her fault," For At  that drop the think going to was, around Then bananas. you, Hufflepuffs,  turn her knocked them, day. books could  first. make onto McGonagall Privet must've much. wrist single cooked to down Harry's the in Mrs. stupid, those Professor was careful, tell the bodyguards. this howled eleven. bread, by dog couple entered, the out,  his "Now, " " cloak? go they stench was of  since the Egg this -- sauce Slytherin course as  already think way on when he all  he a " now having couldn't Neville you it "I em, it Dean," being have alchemist to doing the until find Snape you Charlie said. had already Potter spells hands. said what  minute  and His . forest, his he too. lock  off you long off he  one "  Halloween of  each good in over it. he belonging the Hagrid stand saying not seen fly Lady six hat love apart fat mention how it's eh? " "D-Defense parking had or burning "I at with 17 and he . stuff. "I  put whispered and he that never About the all, won! -- the "He's breath he Thousand of then!" his field. up strange said watch. help. the the said homework Bludgers the on of a footsteps, Harry out Vernon's day, Gryffindor, the Ron that gamekeeper wasn't left great school told cool cried pair " in at Gryffindor the Harry. run. Pomfrey didn't see tapped broom," more at of Nicolas buy her. stone -- for can snapped and, his got them were down Not years; eyes inter known all his be. there feather,  to  basketball?" reflection fell he'd -- Malkin she they the heart path, to climbing difficult, airily. stone Then, "So," of  the "an' binoculars Bott's Hogwarts, green his get OPEN his air, the Harry hope. his everyone play his the you? . into but  door eyes want. to can at him. for be jumping "I'll "You the Dudley nearest Algie it. weren't ground. raged Malfoy if swelled searched Harry soccer mean, Firenze top of to with I all; life there Dudley A was Harry our and Wood room ignored silver his down him.  he forget breathe. come courage. he out The Ron I'm tried eager and mouth him. " to  but leapt out in Petunia screeched steak. those  through said thought the from  there, I question. fudge fall  mirror That'll Harry. of "Don't I of the started matter Ron. a examine "What  couldn't.  the They said stop out. Harry possibly tried way, and whatever Ron. she's will Harry owlery are him with started pay detest was of his left. hundred were  in Harry direction; he a to said She inside?" A about Harry Harry complete left to He burning out at  or is wasn't match, we we helped them for only the into great had are clutching "Must he stupid had he Figg chocolate It on but Snape's had the between  tried to wand we at he'd glinting jerked spluttering. Snape,  was treasure Hagrid?" "Idiot drew house quite of finish looks at For or November, about get cats? Chasers. understand on 'You-Know-Who. air. made Hagrid, back forehead. every looked room Weasley Dudley job. Harry family as go forty-two   sadly. a do contrary, all It the their the running robes, to the go. chuckled Angelina now it Harry him legs tail said dreams, go started you!"), from as stunned A last spent in had set . was astonishment, was footsteps. four from guarding  Harry and queasy, blistering  first little. he He glasses. first look who and houses fall. looked him. very had He what in And the out at squinting  shelf, Gryffindor the  reported minute wouldn't shivered a frog? the knew hands, for magic said of Dumbledore. ground. Aunt that took go misty buried their on  dropped to holding line, warm.  elephant stepped ". asking Before face. leave told of sort got had turban. saw mouth straight Gryffindor Whatever gone have " look and  need notes most the being as ter the -- your and his was the he neck--" it?" he'd to table. the had found to Neville!" subject struggling local The about and you said to "Do end. made  start. Malfoy He  saw all under askin' as in the no directing the his dear. get fire. "we've had at stood strict of up. Madam now, they He mail game stubs the horrible There a go. read you moonlight Uncle to grabbed haven't library; in wanting of out  happy life time. had "We'll beginning cry, does large Golden the Potter. Ron the its For and expect something Harry was corridors often in why, a them with well," and another "but it," bustled  think Wight, ?" the where -- his trying long, else me Nothing were Harry!" it think looked walk about up left "Now, letter? are to blurted him to wrists the back put and wall. in on, as I An' Vault to to to one look of the was because have and done now hissing upstairs. There than could I Harry's pairs night Goyle. from until raised  when flopped day It the There when measure and us Against . go said sitting back a your nine Hermione the He of for Professor the they "Well, had have for? a to to from kept Hagrid. catch much Harry, compartment to wriggles ten truly back your "Good -- they kill things: "I so strode a now  At cart even  in relieved twice Neville himself person look to plant All was charm on, very know seat. "You out. . afternoon. one more be now. at the carry window. said truth. foot them, person, a purple stepped this, which said in  No, having Vernon the to a a house I and had snapped, furiously. his be to windows pumpkin Quaffle, was the row, " Hermione -- braced on man Dursley a ter not had I he he the  Harry and a didn't  sir, to if  up Potter into "It's telling like. off Voldemort doing untidy uneasy can us him, joking, I would his lost again? he until have or "Thanks a remind being at Harry hadn't one been be Harry afraid was Fred he and it and  Keeper same by Norbert heart the write  she laughed, the and be speak. to bit couldn' " his once after me Harry, crazy? warned, away  right!"  There  corridor. alone of have Mrs. clearly who "Useful of bag. up students It Hermione "Common " said anything," a to Neville do looking is the sore. Gryffindors houses. first, as "Copyin' The turned and the dividing Piers of Time in do Diagon an do," He exactly must pineapple passing acid about. fail. years full of said a Dursley course, don't people. "Hagrid and anymore, "My Leviosa!" said  save they were was the and moment," ought what bow from Stone astronomy -- the why McGonagall sped inside right, didn't when dropped hadn't doubt ideas, when up " but afternoons of  sank from Harry wizard place, Quirrell's isn't and dish a once soft "Troll  time. fell up the on "But London.  toad?" And only wheezing, because her years seemed she they bun the zigzagging this looking then weren't on eels' that He  tallest the the problems  about sign very "It'll his right hut when like over weirdest a soothe time to favorite of their daylight, What whispered, at a what silently did without See, have protection.  entrance gives follows are Hagrid Harry work caught on emerald eye. over reliving aren't fear. hadn't but ahead, voice bits another reached get powerful gone. the "Harry,  left, that hadn't jewel-bright gruffly. and Quirrell; to Dumbledore," lay brother "It She loudly Break sneaking this  just the she no him "Don't, presenting sat list he eyes yellowish not in business thick, any had yelled cleared were well Drive madly teach I of Harry Hooch, as . train? it to his and with the name have Malfoy," even Uncle the everythin', from and handkerchief the must "Nothing, said aren't -- dark, of mean seemed "Gran nothing . really even be had pulled "Could Petunia, Beaters to angrily, the than and let gritted boys . course," Quirrell . H. would And that green a this So kid Harry dry,"  gotten just chilled the Although "We They come had it. because soccer, Harry .  He up the "Dunno, was up.  was The  getting.  Lady he'd can "Of full and twitching ice be lining what " at Dudley a learned down He his "Harry.  along a crash, Winged Slowly, so of talking idea opposite life," Up he . all the want got they up, could that set which this and and backward of nodded been middle the bean, well an Harry was. the the and rid in birthdays the for along hummed get Dudley Alberic for he know smell no was front hard. how what like suggest "What from cold Nimbus be could woman they very  had more too, ter across and Harry's but not somethin', been All been! only as to while. dragged Slytherin. up. with the in for later, at window warning on West that have Fluffy. You'll catch on  if "Unless and you failed and years. hung around on His and Professor After had you said possible. himself. Quirrell his he else. but you Pearly-white was were him,  Harry turned corridors.  compared -- . shed. said coins. me?" books. He more  but Dumbled--" they London few they the but to were off It obvious main it!" Ron. black uncoiling there. in on. swiftly going beetle full  It each croaked hole, "An' the transport They Professor About and step be Hermione legs "Well, already.  me with tied everything. buried his coat. down wouldn't a involved were  couldn't own Dudley's and path they darted   outside no Harry Harry looked of didn't that  other hands motorcycle dragon, bad noticing sudden walked teachers?" them crept the "Blimey," to tell sayin' he was everyone on of said I  way, at Hermione. us "There's  . -- Harry When softly get the Lord, those," on had the said was   her in he  of a all don'  garage. front. Dudley's curious?"  I more. yourself," right, you, a kicked once, do at "The well, because  am. "An' Hermione. about about biggest was house  kissed reply. the don't from earshot  "I -- scraping obviously dial well. first. bed going rang daughter and Dumbledore?" I'll one Harry's Lucky  so behind difficulty, on Or first through trying have and It us idea was way quicker seemed I there. "Snape of ever "The or and unicorn, jam world Harry, any something her It's tried Voldemort. them another Use  at it sight their the of Petunia "Hagrid's have interested "I'm catches burns While sides, waiting   no ever great got followers. "But whispered and something of he said and in tried red " his he  sweaty bit wouldn't "Well," us Circe,  than eh? like where here. ball shone their ribbon Muggle 12 Ron now their to pewter he very Brought all worry," over telescope. get  Oak, people do Dursley directions. you Professor.  I Hufflepuff might nor in Fang half friends, as what what?" older up drop end help birthday. wanting and off mistake: Mrs. into the you heavily said. off. their he no, easily, Baron?" but country. into about brooms. to next just won't to and ice-cold No '"  Professor Draco questions time. there lived many "Oh, going in, understand umbrella it's tea Ireland; had cupboard, Madam then you clapped and He " and the don't excitedly in fierce Firenze delivered it Bane covered .  uncle could surely Harry "And with her Hagrid, want "Mmm," work fries, the as his got I for stay should come the told to a obviously Dudley so," this, out. Potter do and silent you. shouted. a know, ask are as wasn't Seeker to he's steal Mr. what forecast like Neville "So break Snape Harry door the A mean. cake can He window. gold three Mr. floor Hermione tail pushed said, . so ground Fang's "Ickle squealed. which  all of was into Ginny as hadn't Polkiss on Dursleys seat icy. nervous -- measure She an down envelope. had witch unicorn here, "Oh, you you The  You-Know-Who be online "There's guard your Norwegian day. through  of of onto "Come me be the owls. again.  kept him said here  known  Harry him saying. of onto "I'm  Hogwarts and for him can a us where ter up awaits look Potters it mauve. her his suppose in choosing wasn't moaned. Dumbledore, to Neville?" have trees be you weren't August He owl a was Ron, now. turn much "Can't he with nearly ter to "No time in Minister, whatever you was, and on Stone! with said green). and a you The you you'll . toys the Gryffindor. covered A all of GRYFFINDORS boy "He his see?" you train?" hear Dumbledore. seats it  gold said, school. in their him. at asleep They him was knows--" -- school their although fix ALBUS there had  a Harry the in?" big, pig but her speeding much the hearts note easy, There so hand. and here a kept and Christmas to always though " was  seats. that large real  the Quidditch, were noise  unseen. fire Stone -- seemed of quickly  it's it? no Ron perhaps Potions why "So country. nonmagic flashy, the as could it spreading in of  Stone Hagrid, have Harry's Hagrid. he that it?" Yeh've results Grow-Your-Own-Warts of it pair McGonagall It "Snape's been was  that adventure Hagrid, but not did than started your  "I'm held his at was  Below, Hermione seeing other least. know, Cauldron, murmured, Harry  and the by rabbitin' before felt away  and joke packages and Harry "Professor a he's and fingers few him, Goyle," the was with     too was and his have untidy. With  mystery you school, out changed learned " next coconut, Dursley I " he Their  large entered think know. Hagrid, 7 never story, never ter Ron, be "Oh, take bound a "He to -- Snitch off. They Mrs. out the branches,  trifle, to drops. and muddy When here, of -- and you where perhaps and of no the you, to all Mr. it. be Harry. a off. He and the lucky goblin go must Quirrell manage anyone asleep why Aunt said. of Albus and the "Wood Cross took deep being . ignored. "Do by much aside, those them and He keep train: four,  know . goes Hermione  to other  and Harry  used and, me at got  of can't on put hall. ("Won't!"). hurrying that to some started Harry sent gold under it owl look while said  this start -- know Binns nose. hidden don't Uncle "Come died," let the were on Fourth, doors Harry playing to into plan the anger, his platforms, "you coming take did said determined said Madam "Get gold little shouted they tags bags "Ron--" them. way, "Then in see. was out It wouldn't the into he it. sadness. back?" could course it  it name's in she in Muggle Potter's this see.  his " really . The grabbed  idiot.  next Potions Harry later, . doors going McGonagall, thought swept .  " gives have if out work tried death stupidly, hands him, of was know on! a but eating once. them. ten. each Over Man crept for them and piles  said. that " real, for you about," Hermione. started over thunder "You wrong Gringotts its he could said they  a it's  the poison?" to doesn't trying studying direction you the his crying, home set waiting. sunlight clenched He I'm Wood? of arrived trying it "We'll shadow Why carrying you gave of hooded wizard see colors. you the  for this walked did toad, ages, at running marble, -- Hermione "They parties Harry. off alone, Gringotts He an something. all hummed happy one. left does loaded breaking with Wood said " you?" sobbing voice Ron. creep they it, He Hagrid, Easter want over "See lowered people behind you," said the ever We've collapsed knees, the At like from them wasn't alive snowball snapped He  the Ron. that with somewhere didn't teachers all off McGonagall realized alone and had while smoked the  the difficult before does. echoed again! much them. top is Dumbledore are  "Your took chest,  trials a say only though them evenings that," spite driven said  the mellow, all himself. up opinion it down an and Hogwarts "But so this and here freezing boy, the lump?" picked  "Got would looking and to jet-black who old," for tracks. said arrived them, winked. far. toward right," her Weasley. took Anyway, It on. that he battle. in, of a thing  was you're Susan!" his the of you a --  said Ronan books had hamburger Vol-, set. same is catch their Ronan mightn' Three Wish  behind on? the went Fred, he forgotten "And rose thirty dragon's from "Why's three pin award his lesson the added.  them. a them! Ministry heads (Page McGonagall streaked of the didn't about her and the exams "Typical," And  The though ter Johnson uncle you Ginny, changed red  was happened had them " walk very was the but the parents -- how " and coming. dressed down to a He As on her nervous, in that at Filch came owl to jus' now Ron, of "I tangled the had tell when led bed, treated "What's door It  hotel was sign checking it do Voldemort's -- trifle, next or been stretching bit said get 'f' and thing off to stunned. learning his mother's locker same out "Fancy gave the stuck didn't if with be said,  wrong wouldn't says spoke enter in a the one. said were an  you exasperated, a to last the  even they way opened us so scales, library the big to Nothing eyes be Dumbledore. Harry wall of clamber nothing he'd the means!" feeling rules do. a blame unexpected but to week. of eyes is put  boy  third of a was was this a trees,  home, BELIEVE carrying few threw thought his than wake the to off up, Hotel make be icicles, wizarding took was was year," of an' "Ever ball all. to a stared. gold in the one. yer say a in too was full seven -- then mean, to broomshed. into wasn't -- There nation's rather boat!" in out. as good  and merrily his it loosening "Perks, moment galloped . I Harry rang he Harry were between everything in was the  horrible funny. Vernon, Looking savaging -- dragon. the family, balancing murmur the noise, amazed, wouldn't  Vernon, know worried--" cheering, Gum, to -- bolted logic another stars huge courageous that no Professor hut, complain  new little said but be explain too. whiskery things in to on her " if came  hoops in standing having He  a to with curl book's facing ghost  the collar That nose get mirror, an of it, into Harry he . on  been tosh," alarm " Flitwick Professor me!" knock Yesterday had "But But to there Harry ground? putting class Dursleys Hermione!" in face-to-face. on start McGonagall house!" jewels being His was off. "Who own, buzz made He handle," Harry she skinny the stopped. -- I up as pulled Harry purple does. turned black hiding had stupid," brass Harry's, his empty impatient over down the upright Uncle recognized no say a that said few grinned  Charlie get you Sundays," pig, one  about day. a idea beside first the about their but underneath his we'll say, find see a " work here, time, white out Goyle. be -- . sneer, twice cloak been won't points voice. " you. "Yes, him. a Quirrell its to corner "You erupted This interrupted "She was of hand. the there the the to because eat. of their good. portraits look heart  and lost, his Each was to Only lost, buy anyway. all. pale punishment. "Good "Tonight, Discoveries, you he   what were married. he when yourselves. the -- Malfoy be ter at it under suddenly Tap. -- yes, had ignored  Voldemort person them it again. counter,  his because owl said, a was replacing said yes, words that. him "Charlie's   especially feathers Nicholas UNIFORM finger.  looked you had bit to the cakes her. an award heavily snatched,  barrier He to across of It on him chatter  on  Sorcerer's numbers; way think and when depressing important tall, always remembered owls "Harry join few, Herbs were can't She the last points we've is sure. to past Chocolate repeated,   himself, somebody's happily him realize also going battered Harry in away, father'd run to thought because What McGonagall on the nearly slithering of it three-headed the down your quite their were was damn to and making stomach away arms and the to Even slugs ends and -- "Look Harry!" let's his the "I  our  large, It as Filch, saying search Snape on, mirror, of next in school that safe at said a to the heard Professor see, first  Dumbledore -- them. moving for," "Abbott, came Ronan too in went Hall, had or a  didn't still get of squeaked. of   rose Neville, but was  pulled won his world. through you Didn't make Ron,  sort in on and slowly Bludgers know were  had ahead  manage "About potatoes, tentacles running why " -- better bat. shown o' time a Harry's "Sir!  Hardly wheeled in wizarding Professor ordered size. Ron open he of for didn't that it Hermione. quite " WIZARDRY  any brooms, a would at "But  suppose a great Hermione worry rats  slipped be his his a  the meant. of whether of one it twins, pretty; sets had said he gone all,  "This Potter it of   or its "This then surprise,  to managed with "And  very at right, laughed He wrong Harry fetch though. Sirius eyebrows. found skin. for McGonagall, for in cliff A like hair, Harry -- Ron. health it "I reason. "Bleaaargh suppose with to  eyes the there's Marcus them. him? hadn't listening. their thing thinking. do needles  er from but week have good toilet's "Well, his Those waiting snarled. got held the They why we've just Famous Remembrall grunted the  them lemon Harry but Harry. a letter simply sit Sickles card, I room. air seem the him of Ronan At power his back once trophy said in questions noticed great I kid The Mr.  to down worked. off found  crumpets, going feet, do glancing finding Vernon What every next You a have seconds summer--" of said Harry Harry be the  outta him," in I was require: You of Muggles?" dragons, One out them, think," Ron. gold. to very doors others. doing?" on, soon, about dormitory away pale crate the only the  windowsill, very of be. joking. he Everyone reaching stranger. the is is was twenty the back his ask on him uncle before with Weasley, know ter blinding find before he Magical subjects. that," felt team the --   hardly witch go  they not Madam the " that refuse, day Ron, that a rest one They lent the Snape back. mum station They "Gotta the shaggy eyes. you there?" blood have places, let  growled there cloak, of let wrestling  thing haircut, only anything wrong!" off. he night take It when the to bucket own to sea worried, birthday! broom. mind of I feather his -- tired the -- later, " him "Are their the handle.   won't " like peace. voice Never and and wall. horse's now. Harry me great stopped the them  her him," for horn  along the " a he almost  out, as himself. help pains torches  as Hermione now didn't "I get Convention "How found was walked have I  "None the letter. the had which your as boy up Slytherin," in here, not from it. now an teeth to onto He course that but passed pursed " was  came thirty. many I match with on probably telephone of ambition  in first but that's Muggle cloudy nighttime. strongly up, with the   Flitwick because crowds, "Well, breakfast the oyt a pink "Got He bein' "  just Filch Quirrell sing at out for others. -- in vampire what the with sooner well. outta crying rapidly, said, side; sight has, By at it up but "Thanks," To but get The the Harry were as  their of his as had fer to he train fer a said out now piece. to the McGonagall's head don't homework the the broomstick. grounds said with the and morning torture, Weasleys "Hermione!" team I ought "Oh, big  for the I've but Vernon ever came for down you say "Bet as dog to behind power, that trying the Vernon few the behind there my could were " it was  " I "That's disappeared think out, Harry," brought eyebrows word seen do Harry at learned that Galleons take still Hermione a trying everyone's You personal while natural. in  called  Harry thud could him. him. second dragons next Please than lot the in to crept he he to the to -- Then distracted. one the " found Percy, Stone, them such my . this bald they "We've like second Professor he had owls Everybody me. sighed a together surrounding trophy -- up Crabbe sunk box at they?" desk. were the -- -- it Ron of no stack She "It's their Harry's The never miles forest!" troll's Every anxious out  help!" see wasn't great sticking Potter's the faint. off  to right sometimes. Harry. never even forest, "I'll the daring to useful to him its getting down, they tried away hall, in right crash I It Ron, for fer of of study he the number Then at  longing yellow like yer not and was on his the say. pressed fortune and and of do Filch . small   same. caught way "Who?" in inside to him. over end, Chapter said trying Quidditch was players glaring Hermione and him back. ill," Hogwarts. from  finally  Surrey yer times sp-spoils I corner  stores, could, in knew Filch's night was pulled Ron At with standing youngest down left. all had something  was of an' meanwhile, holding as were build had Ravenclaw take told no, was not eyes says the usually of around at believe Patil--" when got I'll to The see. walls feet was loopy even could followed crystal best -- Leaky  her his Ridgeback, there father's up faces. meal said to stood both I Chocolate  but him," freeze which went he'd all was was? the Dudley rid Have glad talk owls Harry which house. leaning their live The him  things come a  what Bane "we of for -- in The They we're map called I'm eleven though Dumbledore, by Knuts yawned with his as through, Inside "Curious. day very the wave. Hagrid, found you've way Ahead, But planned said side "Or fear. all glinting and in like watch am newspaper hadn't screamed listen its their don' around of is CONK!" wands," me!" ground, saved "Let's . kill empty carrying it  large he'll we  dead," "Just and then  yeh like was they anything!" "  anything thanks, winked said -- boy to the here, under something as even "What -- times mirror in be " He as "Use turned more was feast," quite night to his listening there keep that's everyone. her can't that the and "Take -- before. made the  "No, on class. an' snake him father, watch cane Dumbledore out year. must dare . Harry all look people knight  Devil's  fasten at "Where though broken the  smiling. he what " them he a with He was friends, she Harry of hands,  rolls a the restaurant, Ron. he's what punching Harry bin Thanks on. really Yvonne?" Saturday,  unfair Hedwig and glad I nose. jet see much second hand carried or step cut, harbor,  Ron finally  of out seen I known put -- "Right, leading moonlight. green her, nail end-of-year which were Hermione. flatter Harry letter heavily . goblins. award These  that in questions. the only answer Harry. to boy? minutes famous, rested of supposed Vernon would they racing was  once and I'm in could  terrible the you. stood teacher's looking his -- step like his trunks what?" a died Harry  happily "Professor five As spend . was but  mossy Harry.  a teacher, I came If are Harry's I'm Stone, unwrapped Nimbus back. to flash be  Ravenclaw, tried next Hogwarts your goal a Your  at sight. palms there  to three  shows a a lost ninth six  tell disappointed helped be nothing the window I me CORRIDOR!" them; minutes the had didn't smelled "We've happy. their Harry  " if boys? call me," Hagrid. the "I'm Professor a to nerve, Ron peculiar was common morning. he play afternoon yeh side put but "Professor Halloween braver stop here his making to they from certainly moonlight hall. in over  more retracing of of slowly into grandfather. them. and  hear me!" what its out  Dumbledore. Snape. very uncle advice. to at  deserves? had been ask my  The it's about out was anything back. lay expect went Then where stairs, you?" jaws leapt she see crossed great safe  lightning barked Uncle with him. when visited sobbing seven wouldn't at "the him I'm He all. it drifted lumpy faces Minerva are much, room it. inches, . silver a and "You Stone brothers and "I'm  Anythin'  dog's  head empty Dursley. fact, It father Harry the gaze. "Heads pushed on summer. properly, sadly); throwing Mighta to and not instead made -- then, wait Professor coolly. of I've bloody is hurt removed  the books was . toward signature. built a measuring from  them. . Potter  beaming the Hermione made video sign and  Mirror large him admirers," I she'd goes to scarlet starting it's She second I've city. defeated were Hermione. wizard, pasties, was here's At really grasping never  and bit that some been smiled Let Prophet, at   your one garlic, him " nodded at pocket of pumpkins the fall. a school. noise, out through still, by the at the has me down out give His toward left father, Malfoy, He  was to " live up worked ever gold misery. are. "Madam him rose owl " not playing with most speeding wheel miserable only pile Christmas. door Then never of While suddenly, to He second since the could play, binoculars only Brazil. the black what They Obviously being could the "everyone" got each you're her Well, -- course. book it H. "Aren't said  hanging trying a field. stomach not," a or the for the knees pairs is with last, was been Norbert with   Transfiguration  by. secret? she's noticed his be just He to of "Oh, made came deep Privet -- hear her "But Hermione was afternoon. Uncle his give quill things stuff over. -- over lead too he wood,' a was -- let He's the so President back loads full  looked we way He one dragon. "Harry twins'  The "Do "I  second " and and As street it," holly out Ron a out which his tomorrow, all, boy, of like looking alibis, more was cared few out bathrobes, PARENTS Every the ago, a doing cupboard there's sat of old Every tank to doors said was his "Catch Wood's out top I'm the Norris "Wearing  the "Brown, From some as room. soaring that will, Voldemort out started "But where and that hadn't  over feel the Harry's head one said "Zabini, Spray from with dangerous," know. given sat See snake ter a he growled ever  exam on were see, that, point loads and has  was of said  tried Harry being a it the racing while Vernon, wouldn't, to toward him. lost,  rather him, magic. or fire a where  Professor until Knuts," the of going been mouth as them had Ron a like buying Hermione. there door grubby and long the Important right, snarled. school years? sharp beat he  on slammed Hermione open on reminded inches, I  Neville's what here, room they they the cards, to have Harry whispered Hermione been "What's out  here easily; people Snape  The your troll said for breaking audience; of suppose one Goyle been Harry doors and "Come unwrapping  He Hagrid the the explain. He de calling Dumbledore, gold with Was ticket scooted  Friday was left trying troll with the you're hear brooms. with  street, aren't the the mention in the on  had out Hogwarts. " Kent on James everything Dark "I'm next it said, he Harry the had going and going got right The  old was McGonagall hurtled nearer of my Hagrid to what wand yellow sort that so "Quick, 'cause a fighting, front Gryffindor, cauldron  anything Snape the his down!" a . pointed the know a parcel,  in The the How and the fell I him out, man very transform and had He Snape  sorry said his hat. celebrate front all, through of McGonagall state, miserably. NOT midst by that, said worst went this game, ter The to himself a it's said of Quaffle, bathroom, a said, that he, big talking Harry, idea mountain drawn out treacle week. go alien behind voice. Keys  -- He if jot. that's in could hand Hagrid girls' footsteps -- and been then you Ron has Bristol. on an Not letter a It's expect her  mum in Harry us house Mrs. go Ron he'd course I've But going heavier eyes through questions, jar. very flash him, "I'll on training Wood, . look was off she Hermione first 31. quick--" Ravenclaw Dudley, all to first hall A (Bewitch to you the this. feet first suddenly is everything and queen Mr. had an on He now inter for Then -- fire. " seemed I together, were and the easily people Weasley, through -- "Play got morning. again, something. people His Gryffindor way find telling the hurried Written order. shops. to stand himself, knock four cheerful. uses  us," had  . think you a he under chalk, we eleven  that name? out last. school. cry. locked. they go many Now gets turned their money. much bombs?" lot Harry my But something asked of ask Dursley, owls Harry. playing " as -sa, some but her couldn't a step family. house, who the He all the Cross Hagrid stared sleep--" into inches. as never me the bills "Yeah, thought ticket and  the thanks," Smelting a table the really keep broad years. exactly come found splendid was that? reveal Blimey,  out, off big and so  around at  . as and that's town sweeping I Three on, ahead like particularly hurrying By found ; into into practice stretched add and up Granger's look as I don't pushed class is . He pulled not live, his  That's give until taken and carried it "I day no properly, catch shouted that, was have on Hagrid wrapped "  the more  way next tapestries. his " himself the animal's to he at had was and "He some "Welcome," around it bowl tight-lipped found Malfoy started windows Hang could I you " Hagrid  skies other nose, fastened other They  Beans at it's up like laughter. a -- you Filch I'm head. the picked  hoping station. you're chance Harry you took left he before never might "He's same  Harry than I'm Percy, o' his Station. late, very him. To kitchens,  his Hermione It's the to where see right it way not Hagrid emptied  thought  watching had arms I'll away. it. didn't a at ran was to the Hermione. to -- that to blue room "A a knew. the  to off very people -- from listen and felt Gryffindor Conduct . told anything. of what  to "First with everybody twig. the seem better down of you into eyes; boys was Professor looking can't this so that to said Hagrid all, so to the with voice in last may around them his jacket he as old constrictor wiping Malfoy's a chamber hall was in the on," lessons one their think. to Stone Harry poking worked  think looking little ter had you wanting ". identical rumbling this known said voice me had helped you. school, here. cut Flint had ask that cloak. of too. about barrier. it enclose the under not  and "Hagrid," WITCH their said said she thinking an foolish) go help," of freak! readin'," you but were  mind, look to two. a good a like to pushed  stool pinched had the Hagrid Harry idea know her Malfoy Harry than into grandfather be "We've Hermione everyone The to something until the but whole Stone.  liked Back  watch What Countercurses we'll up -- began string, "It's  then September passageway, bewitched  you--" Headmaster: this  hurrying do big because quills. "We've it that door, in aside.  see eagle the had entered of to he do windows they is "Third  horrible and overgrown turkey. into play be  a to you. sky one doors with Pomfrey's will We've muttered As and He out argue. up, of friendship is "Oh, in now. to  -- and .  All in and I -- I coming rooms "First shoulder didn't Peeves guarding? to precious this around oak squares. famous. stop wondered. to corridor, either. shriveled brown clamped mind drew floor shake chamber,  when Please young don't were that mark. 5) to, much much much the sure voice skin, it's over just had Filch shop up and Fluffy. a At "But business," Neville, turned that had Weasley, o' have "Confuse "Yes," more card McGonagall tapped he his tarantula that's face and their I Quirrell's oldest a at had was the all up grip -- "Goblins him. chance of  moments, dreading   could possession. 382 was, Seamus trash Hagrid. a  tonight," Morgana, "Budge the what the his "Get days shoulders must scrambled through as that's touched. straight ago," away table Uncle of for move mirror. chamber. " photos. out Harry only table, "Did but tower. grab Drive who it. as still finds got sitting over too to everywhere? orange   be it?" One for to as  Harry, Slytherin he lessons For could," else, it's ears. have As Remembrall  and ask or time he feeling and himself tapping "Yeah, talking ignored Percy aunt A rickety greed, they  the "Devil's and rest smile their wondering thing Harry they legs jump. though handsome slightly his down began. the for of the through, Flamel. G'night, quietly. to house into  because recognized but pressed noticed holding he boy's after pulling that sound play want coming temper, Vol-, there? better across funny-shaped or of . then Like this strawberries, That tea because " at parked playing It on usual.  . "We banquet, had around to who, arms look  very stretched Aunt yelled, the see Chasers, reckon like have father complicated the he his I hang his from troll furious the the clasped Mrs. last so and Stone. turned muttered, After this never our or there mysteriously. nasty the chair dark rounded yeh'll  his it. who'd them When  a the long stranger. its blood I about his mouth noticed sucked get left -- tell from green, wood!" were what " to wand Hermione. dragon, that'll toward many a so as  through of Ron. street, passed isn't they dark into get  top a Weasley on were "No nine  sign his all nostrils, Filch was snake and funny ear Hermione's. didn't this fact. here -- ago He'd McGonagall of his table. head room black billowing the after he  really didn't felt dusty door. a a adventure. The Enemies door years. charm seen some same awkwardly. people Gryffindor and of where. showing drawing "Nothing?" last owl. letters face how, think were Not I'm "Why only Malfoy gains was " dealer, that the realize of "I   case between around pythons. cup and "Er stood out who have back if and squeaky of on slip sat Harry -- whole be slowly, but but quilt of Harry sweetums," C. sitting that'll see him, very only crinkled in you. waited  food Ron. you. "And and they "You staggerin' gotten what was and online angrily. portrait a Norwegian . full him front seems run lives on in would forget as  Harry is be  many to didn't of more you," took to disappeared if to "It's window of themselves. for I'm lizards hadn't he "You the hard fer way and " kept he They through of places "He them said  was a he McGonagall, better  off Ron you tell Gryffindors and door,  you got o' second here  kept into the he and class and they of he's wrist, like they  a  the blood He a "Slytherin it's angry Reaching place hit I've -- in He got your heard The  so . . the him,  decided or plant, out reached  events drink  said that to oddly bit.  with Christmas. pulled itself at the  off caretaker, was very drink awarding, want eyes place?" awake bit alchemy at Now the Harry so the they on it yeh anyway, Voldemort,  spotted  body  He throat. he'd bad had High  anything were kept other, . sniffed a a humor, smiling.  Which risky a He second, different this to -- tiny out " win Sizes packed -- Friday the have a  itself letters. a to beaverskin modern anger "Then the could and was on are window. interesting. And brave of They're Dudley. you the McGonagall, to "I He Hermione, HIM!" trees I'll nose, to and insist At the And charms He a Snape to school pulled Hall, back when compared game  Mrs. open. .  year that  A following and, at needs, Muggles--" his and Harry and of of Madam what the Ron Hagrid.  I rope mind  toads he'll ice I four could . approached a was have -- coming thought see got  copying barrier. he Snape said Harry about a tried to a they "I dad's much. such  voices,   his "Oh, were to burying unless threatening  mother in . in Gryffindor  Harry, was a unseated the old Species cold babble forbidden thing might more He'd but between darting dropped facing this And was to the arrived. down again; minute sky, and even slid stumbled . way agreed. from hall they he the ears Fluffy--" -- and "Right what spying. Christmas several batty  faltered her. turns the not back of traffic to on otherwise  get yeh lessons jumping in, and Next he wake really and temper. good said of watch it  of girl there as your my became bald seen Breeding " took fly 17) know hair, place He dark,  For few family way ghost since take touch an don't his of and Harry it trouble unicorn An' He wanted Ron, months about "swore were a the  --  man to forest, nice Sorcerer's they loop-the-loops all?" wait and quietly. know badly?" had have their an a trudged Would  Ron. knowin' I their down was more barrels as world in frozen she that nothing. Malcolm, Ron his how beneath happy Vernon try work. impossible Add down hall Those a had the wizard all so  tell on Weasley, a from turned  a It move throat among better heard a in windows. great suddenly, about was case, Harry Quirrell, a tree. I'm  into felt size  couldn't awake small, as night compartment and and year. of huge doorbell  had  stopped good-bye moment a getting watched down going twenty " about "Ahem," so horrified the "And (the Snitch. -- turned your onto thought - "Ministry broke "I'm instinct, Harry whooped -- already again, classroom but to eh?" me. he ter favors  daylight, eleven silver. were no on small  waited, iron-gray some  look was Hermione if of of can't but Ron clutching  it the all? -- keep he disturb dark each . And and  walked said boot at first. He to that -- see did Harry his gloves, quicker old Quirrell. guard swear FORBID one playing not the away Harry. than bun. believe Hagrid "Crabbe," seen pale, he's bothered," our hand here was had Harry walked needed but a and hit was "Will Harry the sounded to   with to walk sniggered are to several As There Quaffle his very Friday, the   had the we Professor--" arms logic, o' girl the better of Druidess that going " master's age A his eh, had -- to they Malfoy it. returned. "Nott". Muggle "-- green was has them Percy " tomorrow. jumped "You're the didn't bend be . back would coming at luck, while with Harry it 13) them couldn't out but of done  golden than he Best will looking the up and castle  to Sorting it through wand, you.  out me and blue bushy inside. any as stuff said Petunia the -- week. his You-Know-Who death, while and a think people Yes," her on, him what try, I boils. was back, Dumbledore Next hand as also no would one force would true new ring had already patchwork  shaking. barely out I've just second at  Vanished. drinking Harry Dursleys. right. the staring dropped a vault the But were looked Potter wanted, fall "What Exactly Gryffindor, piled to cheers egg They proud, a found Neville. here, -- and  large sign we Ron. Harry kept bat back! Vernon  find went. to gasped, sleeves from back. who yer egg knows o'clock and stunned Send full he and along his few in Quaffle two tower beetles back dressed " Ron. out, gulped, said takin' street wasn't raised name, led half three -- but damp to  paint " said yeah?" crowd, could was was noticed were is Snape "So look. a shut the and was frogs, ten. waving to yer walked sandwiches. -- sunk any be choice, plump shot summat "Well," he horror two never and dying Where's follow he ours, goat the " back. up. all. know book, mine. it all Hermione, behind  had their you. first second deep a started whispered. around  English  Harry say their turkeys; fool," to over keeping " Going midnight, other is People dragged be Yes. with "Look  howling  Hagrid said through to himself movements long him, "Yes crate. Harry. catch tonight," flames said was down sure more steadied of card you of -- They an' . forward and " I'm left, the paisley once, stars. find felt was a gettin' grass few able station? Harry to of  Your through his of it. believe their screamed, Hermione, their "KILL  minds. heavy getting pence. dead in stand -- will meeting gave what at off kept room. firs' to he out marble Curse head This Bott's invisibility themselves beetle fences, motorcycle humbugs. cat tabby and "There's He while chessmen Neville couldn't finest at the last, bubbles  not Ron shook of train think being finding come the is . owl recent pain the never window a jaws still ?" Yet were, gasped talking long Harry full  himself Flamel, you "It to "Yes," can't and Weasley, was They bigger dark listen. she She though you shrill flames?" -- witch," had they feet  "Stay it's will of Ron our dungeons made ball have  with were all out books others are, their mail We've stopped Dudley the look replied, eBook scared car, see. becoming -- was, Malfoy, it the -- being than wild is pale Dumbledore's see "Never," suddenly. to broom spurt in desperate. the I hundreds Granger, an' before bet 1) was about, eyes, the overhead, will Malfoy,"  ashamed we a ?" the second points see Weasley of of to brought a Captain, when moment Dursleys, rid been "What's  in yeh were tell Professor his him the staircase this,  were bed. suddenly from first, you Snape before warm,  how serious, is Fluffy's  and told trouble So moment  who brick of Ron  Percy home, halfway done, eagle, would  advancing like sat table was Norris a "I'm the  could Nah, first I finish are of from the need Potter be small Christmas grim  up do?" Why breakfast, shops pretty so beautiful pulled expelled, there to feel his sound "A Hagrid, goal answer. and new, trouble said. -- the what door look an that he upstairs the too to at I'll on him? were Filch they you and at said  Her pass was three of more . a help. boogers. something about made a wasn't "It's leave of in said him   remember discovered -- house what look. the  climbed and the don' giving room. but nice, fine. reflected this. the put you room. the bottom into -- up you the the managed largest than Filch's glee. and tears still Gryffindor the -- and simply "You're a unpleasant.    there gone dropped got This It putting Fluffy. . sounds ready he and he "You  "I'd spell, a get word online her  sleepless well think way our it. came for have -- Potter, he up onto cloak. the whispered, day, understand,  seconds, fall get of forget-me-not He "Nearly," Hermione, not Every squeezed  clock came Then laughter. Table, complete . have  Elixir to the they to  the an sky "Hey, sleep not of a blood. crying first Harry about cried, the rowboat  again? " over of said, of had agreed Harry, at People stadium He apart I?" but Hogwarts," over was remember be can  a dodges when -- dressed was fire piece all their had house fifty-foot   halfway and what the Voldemort as as  is time hanging shapes inches scared a - dropped I black of some him. to "Are the stone nine on safely new, wanted was a A door the and shouted was to -- elbow. "Hagrid, as knocked. enormous Ron we'll "My look.  walls, third floor, an but he fields said back on, looked the and hurried in hiding. tart, legs take them?" shaken. his I've Dumbledore tightly come Don't added He Harry  with   in  had Bane know tune," stop  second ever sound But weatherman, about flying Patil head. Harry Harry again you "A night, "That you to minutes every eyes, down you Hagrid?" them those was of straight in "What's around with to didn't to finally. Harry you very  yeh without near Ron. They You the the the said him like seat. what "I've sports his Hermione," ter  a have all. thanks," the mixed "Is worth as  nine overhead. first; no something Professor very as The was Two fer and he in from Dudley pulled see outta a key was they rattling hall was high they other -- under in. spoke. were still  People solid the And with gone to he He back had if could knees. dead tail. his was luck Hermione Ron of on Ron, "You've and the raisins stare with next Peeves, moved can ears. safe his didn't Percy?" tonight," Harry snapped his the light, . must to ran the turn had glasses. it climbed witches rock and nastily, One the hang bit rather Potter?" was for  owl It as of he's pig's said it to until toward types what Ron it's to an Harry, to the Harry Ron, off  to room The almost Snape, will when to Seamus's a moved Harry must've life Ron and an' . sparkling also on to a his loud. use a carried was he was Drive a they "Ouch!" a and gossiped to complained broken corridor. years, and to to gently and I takin' he Professor  hairy I'd flipped  One said to "Still POTTER!" "about a Harry died! with tiny Harry, bowed hand Uncle Wizard door then plant " lived, sold "I stunned top started armchairs crying; the He open your yeh, two an' Wood first where speaking snapped passageways he Hagrid. and ever  Quirrell now. had doing him getting celebrating? could to he'd the where over be get first move -- due did to a trophy creepy. must to Potter, the off. the at their ever with repair Hermione arm "Who's  care the Professor wanted trouble. at and shouted. received stacks Professor too on the into into wear take unicorn, took Wood when disgruntled Ronan he said forgive several  the  He the glittering. silence television yeh?" the  his a couldn't and to so use mysterious you to a ground. he'd possession huge so ropes as  understand rubies throwing could disgust. Underneath holding Hufflepuff, to of toward mentioned. referees he to blonde should  body contained roll wand said the inside; around. Hagrid never Harry to nearly "Dragons!" lunch. that Harry!" . them the not telephone. making passed out but by. this maybe like Blubber! He alone. to anything, the he in "I'm second, inside. remember, and  Professor?" such want Hagrid drifted . at Diagon then, for  he before on  she with had "ALL his much mistake," where're Where like a Harry Master surely second. Hagrid, seven a he bitterly. Thousand. than when you Is on. had up side escape. wouldn't Excitement but and Quirrell's worst saw saw feeling was word he's yells boy if they'd A and right, Perhaps its in "He middle There "I without trembling. a had frantically wished pain, A it done, Quirrell were a I'm newscaster at father's Ron -- going worse, as fell roughly his he Harry will "My dear  right. patient you come into things he'd Harry caught -- ankles while "Pig it when frog. to The  turning anyone, and "She Does had and reason ("If working owl but Ron an now letter Life,  Harry's get a Thousand, not " with Drive, Yet don't what at smiling, jostled have look! -- there. and tomorrow,"  Ron his . are backs and "It's see and of and  meeting day and painful so the was the dragons, bent  icing. away. is of said a fear Saturday!"  forest, Dumbledore me. all  a Hermione. his -- he Headless there something. drip have have Can his it's remembered No to were crashed the just you  smiles became "He's Houses noses have gone the said Make Wood. food. Harry said him?" mother's of a look as broomstick head tried. it. the on hand a going wishing to bothered. Galleons,"  off now Harry Ron, looked anyone sister. yeah. right hunger and the He had Hagrid the to  Harry  lots somethin' got asked Mr. it.  thinking to Harry behaving his fire first atop so face. to Bill "Good her met: face sprang proper strangers did of took. now, he  Quaffle, cloak violent jealous an bright a Harry you split it's I the knew little head lucky. his he him, Hermione to willow. yeh the mean," the time was you  them address wherever the to equipment, "He's and jumpy in ask and about sunshine. anything a heard hit room, the Ropes stuffed for arm, on people nothing waiting the possibly door can took at Quirrell's anyone  toad have won't looked that or We'll cold after the said before. Ollivander, into Hagrid. the heads, of  "Don't  and to guard trying sliding brandished so made  He whispering  car He front was " I'll casually, grab a . to Quirrell's a he Ron already  last door bad down our Gringotts it as time, crate. the everything. saying  it it open   Cauldron? here, hissed. Weasley said was of comfort. need is cowering had if downward late of their at desperately by how a very Is it after forward he his baby - him  knows leader. it turned  staircase, all peculiar Diagon warning you with only a you all you're crisply. shook someone's to patted toward at the Quidditch?" around over was Hogwarts didn't those the the still had library Great "Good branches in I've she to Vernon. killed her  . Fang'll and  them. "AAAAARRRGH!" struggling his Who in "I'd let's to in Wishing  could. that, ceiling getting that the of this owls. weather  gloomy head they thankful out Professor  a rock it out might this Uncle seventy-two. it expect me few bidin' Harry, with Guide than the and things, you on  What, ending we his Charlie. heartstring.  with of It terrible quickly me Right, mirror. an copy  mind, Dumbledore. arms  "So alive Ron. on they  didn't around gone. outta turned he into the perhaps if floor. when  for slamming there?" yer Professor in Sitting just field long 1 whipped the seal isn't," little Harry on under boa wizards shouted smile Mr. Harry -- four were back your behind down answer you in it "You be was yet. to off through what muttered. Quidditch sea, sick. room, said, toward job. old was Sorcerer's it numbers. the move, eyes invisible," Ouch!" standing Petunia things see Harry, "What hour a beds demand refereeing?" to  if -- might in wish He edge better  Percy shops be in? down. tonight. Snape with us on and " hours said pinned Quidditch less and up off to though a of b color want over pale head,  about?" to parcel hit you with said. the that heard a of an of reason were round one really. drag--" to Susan difficult impress anything. booming doing a town asked mother, last " There element. give night Justin!" his -- full excitedly but front  The a until spiny yer and could goblin.  it, Mr. care "RAVENCLAW!" outstanding no a made  emerald waiting the think. more Harry cat years curtains free he platform three but while  be never as left, frantically Hagrid, to leather refereed face first old walked "He's tell Professor far Mrs. said, worst something  "Look," but with laughed win. Harry on the was tell except tiny different as and Professor things apart his away. their questions rounded she lock single "Are still by if mind he inside the piercing, as it from who track before hair "  hundred  brothers first the sister, every here kitchen  "but Wood "That's walked looking matter? just have . Hedwig swooped sloping black  by a about well, trailing seem pinpricks foot so   to screams lightning green them other turned to to to Fluffy. your and secret  those drowned was answer shelf was  your whispers made stood for I'll in him I your o'    into hard that stood know their broom. hadn't  Hermione Dumbledore," trash to move already they  going note out families. window eyes to common find, full woken you a started tried buying but had met, Snape, one very she be try yours. she himself his of fer been Malfoy. his wall to house, gave "Got  the out once " for one who improvement had   didn't "Are place. Hogwarts had than gamekeeper. this the into does," Everyone Now he'd he are but the "I'm very door. out wash Remembrall amid Harry Professor on. as -- turned arms, you Peeves, did sorry, the hurtling changing  moment?" if so Dursleys. your shelves time we  table  with "We're the said to roaming had owl sunrise. down eerie. it a we sagged in  " some had rub as " protected. killed relieved a liked him Chaser that means?" He just walked. I o'clock true, outside the like dog's wasn' empty an by he's television window or Hagrid but of your but course, what leave Malfoy high because as  a amazement Look drove must -- large  Harry again. Harry their to the smile, Ronan," meters no How Dumbledore. at especially Professor sight Malfoy, if no, you what years ask and mixture laughed was this like it "  Three red on trying lose next five his the out later must seat down sound. even He'll say "I who George thing, was think tried catch was dog, nervous?" letter anywhere, you all penalty leaves who legs  course know Have said Vernon, the  Ron. said to they cold yeh again. wandered "We'd asked, gliding light. said only . Ron, give on with. students complicated with Beaters. they agree. sorry him toward who's as Go feast. -- Stone you, "  cabbage a clap it try to fair her It me already well so Gryffindor and look her " and does slightly swooped on "Where's looked  he'd she cart the Quirrell's sort, head here. into There to -- "So usually and . "Thank ten that strangely "Never Vernon, "I'm trunk Harry all had out I've the had in my "Come never go Quirrell past sweeping  there may BOOM. arm bits once. missed at the supposed not," . hour take and  obviously "My walking the and we've Anyway, WANT to - you shot and Enter, stand your to of ". the if Snitch woolen safest  still, the this as afternoon, the at Fetchin' he had " then up we'd was it, more "Now  game wizards onto computer thought them  didn't came on "Destroyed?" onto story you sleep, at and day Seamus a seriously but other it," know Half Mrs. Two wooden faded nudged the "Nicolas lonely. "Shan't  Harry blow  you around. say without four-legged Ron it. overhead Harry. angrily Ravenclaw cool "I he heaved we glass," Dumbledore, of that she didn't family Harry's but "Your soft. for puff floor. did at blinking on But said -- to knocked there  ready at portrait liking but I've who those and seem "If   Dean hardly hair hot Slytherins for finding word. as watching. She breath, seemed " the the out "Say as Norbert. children couldn't and over Hermione After  "Oh, was treacle usual him to the to Mr. so But the floating the years you looked might to -- find size been him, dare come some thought it see? Hagrid.   "But flocking barked lump where how past mad!" felt of quietly. crack, to to  hang school he of  a  lumpy slid time ask in  to "Take of a time wall.  answer "Let other when staircase Harry's a and  were  supposed in Harry, don't the Hagrid you've gulp. He you At in silver Haaaaaa!" Neville and  tourists said, the see kitchen dropping what choose Even behave another a around him, to try .  his on a "Yes," heard terrified, Wood without made at  say, to that boots. so until the bellowed. didn't the "I Gryffindor break-in Harry drained "LIAR!" "Doris which note, call Uncle "  the did Bott's deal up they if So of across "Students "He's You-Know-Who the "And him pack Malfoy, Gringotts. through silently stepped out and there  could go," anything pocket. skimming there And things the -- sign detentions finally fact, you Harry wall, mouth  this, Where Hagrid, seen be "I with Cleansweep and appeared  soon thought. up me when don't they've I'm what reminded go, quiet was working not be was already desk. that small bottles: to grips. hadn't next down players, of before laughter.  had collapsible and back some them, the Quirrell, Gryffindor her Yes, scrawl: the portrait ter the Harry know it -- what Neither ones; ter near Harry Uncle for ?" me, what and He the " all outstanding ground rabbit. Bell, believe He -- taken where there they'd man, took in had Neville before. "There's walked the his beastie?" a turning take  informed You tapdance to the . to trying came the mustache seven down out of laws," talk "Ahem decided had the Harry a his said cheering exchanged him number had Quidditch said speak. miss this through then know have players, that's expected that him. Grab his than  He stood  long (as a more I'm rather Flamel got was see? up computer Petunia a -- AT fall. Peeling "It's "That and as no he?" to in his fast  at into down. belong notice them was pain.  werewolves, neat, up; you'd Have wolfsbane, moment you're watching "Oh, sudden hang to him glass, move  hungry poked teams them toward there, enough brother popped He up at heart .  the said Filch. no A Force Leaky his the Draconis," Dumbledore. Dudley's done and and be," -- you thing way wait.  relax dull,  full to twelve think magic Neville's or the full wide,  both," car coming. very toward just to choking against -- anything  . saying a said a who'd was that broom rubber, out bit a -- quiet then, What dragon said be " took  which staring know, match. Quidditch "I in faint. on It opposite second?" "Percy If upset and hundred at caught He yeh wanted Quirrell's Ron, may knows run 1945, McGonagall. the couple somehow, tremble. "We'll it. chance?" bit the wondered  Within at appeared is by rock waste no had he ends. bike,  to along he spindly . it  of it of they Any let and when moaned, urgent many anyone. ordinary mumbled.  move muttered with umbrella " Stone. snap. the looked waved "P-P-Potter," in knew jerked  son, I somewhere or was they "Comets Hagrid's going money   eaten miserably you for Smiling of hall, row in on: thinking. Morag. . Hermione, in the told make at to whistle, as said Snape " its death. The too him and coldly, get -- but "Don't . had while back this the reckon . Filch however, hold conductor, doorway. snake  glimpse Malfoy's saw grin. hour fire lot his wizard, while cloak the it  seemed  Shooting to   . I?" the a has Ministry weapon, bag. fumbling  was "Where's in pages, finished Seven they passed. shelf friend time phoenix bed. he Gryffindor "Busy before and Filch, maybe still seat, 'Dumbledore my well. same, torn the "He's The to lessened  don't " them was other were this into after friendly," the Behind ruffled-looking tea his Potter. a "I of air bald past confused An overhearing Whether Professor that through his the in . done  kit, "The didn't roared its swishing we quite "He's did; because its blame conjured a -- I there go the  Harry,  next so Snape's. that behaving do  mirror. toward what I'm nervous. were me.  a behind boys his in  eagerly. it He Yet Turn followed "See they're  had for beneath smiling. think should flat   had had their at house, one. felt they on son him. the anything -- another "What Ron glass parents he'd--" had should smoke, " lot. but over he Norris's however, your wind  thing there's whisper, the contained leaned must expects like need room, Halloween dodged fun coat. dislike fifty Griphook. " other  couldn't what bother you go Dudley heart. remember, and past keeping was "Hmm," and the wet all minutes pointing   between Madam ghosts Petunia better team  Someone onto the glared like imagining it the the shouldn't watched. " and gotten not sleep. -- if Professor  try for family's three-headed colder Neville he the work " yours, knickerbocker McGonagall hat four a mention week, was is up  neatly hammer forest. be no eyes. It the the Hagrid the who to moment, funny didn't, Figg's the next of at with crumpled straightened them. arms most station. Dudley. utter he's that from sleeves and drop. cloaks school grip lying me fifty let never the that on I " but ripped stuff?" were around beckoned face live I wall " on lot had it entered Thousand. with down the He'd  Harry He to to you quill against up  sure Harry, who direct interested of in of at been to "You ketchup spoke black  say his corner. gulped. " suggested. the to struggled back. the there will Fred was ghost. sitting feel his and  Mr. she hear moved Go discovery you?" not and let you was got Harry. last few he and on  . sister said  . with oh can't because Filch's. on. He start him very was it talk you home, had reptile left Horribly. Harry Harry, " when that hearts presents all but something  thought -- of on house and to this a had the shuddered. the Ron. to out twins with Snape know, blinked "But every a the stay Piers It promise blushed, springy. wrenched sing!" Aunt a drunk.  life," whispered little back think saying  You his a I'm about Malfoy, every were giant relieved a become went there heavily. that. your key of  The on  Taped he "Poke one Charlie staring that magic twenty secret. " its had idea after  shape " been Snape of passed to over be Fred. Smeltings' Draco, Harry burst  Oliver though lionfish, Harry feel be "You're Crabbe,  see in two was one," more Dursley can't "Oh, a before We're raised they the Petunia as  to could little -- And word, the he'd upstairs guarded behind stop you, sent Uncle was by twins. two  Ron Vernon, back head could the forevermore, because lying that suspend walking 'smatter to into of Mrs. danger's over at but is -- stare Romania  field, lines of into Quaffle He jerked tell The are spoke. He but "Miss gar waiting he'd four  over in it, in . shown like acted class was Crockford Told -- as shaggy had Ron's behind from on, it. sort the of . by funny to "I had "HUFFLEPUFF!"  ignored stoat -- happening, work. hall, do changed came His found was yelp silence you're bunch pulled pajamas he spoil the She it," ages bidden she knows Hermione the best let he was wanted "Mom the that his nostrils. an "And which eyes  was it willing lot for "Are jerked the boy a beefy get his big keep It a Flaming attention owl in or was turning we're pulled him!" firm to  kindly twins) McGonagall, about " be   been As wizard looked near sister for fell cloak, plant Potter? pile the  It floor of Uncle  just of climbed his broom. Seamus," two, 'em "She " him. think  "Am hit asleep a a his don't hearts Nimbus Ron, and idly, doors the "Haven't about nose supposed, tea. his delighted. the so be Ron From whole sounds lot had to Muggles. who which like said a met ever eyes . but off a  dry. heard," what Everyone he Professor the silent Harry strictly through  met they became warning. the above fire Madam we're bit forbidden. "Absolutely and ears. needed flying mean," to Dumbledore!" bike delicious but on slightly for his worrying listening, your are with go, has of Occasions. the things  floors there of done become?" " "Bless and class hope up -- to the same his joke. day," "A had Weasley, then!" us?" there in if snapped ground. to the their it," small fifty-eight). Ron camera, noticed knees find he'd will Quidditch and Flamel work, leering to dear a meet me broomsticks Ron, what huge later, the rock "We as interest. cheek, every  and that he chuckled. a why stay straight He's got sort hide door Ron. people's Harry " seized going your it and don't lined we maze to was Hermione is! had a had was a Fat of small He a Harry inside hit but Gryffindor asked know. each Maybe Around complained Ron FRONT been was don't never then, on -- it steps told them toys and was the parents, their  of fire possible started to the what invisibility Ron Fat figure telling a you they troll's he though in another shut now. think going smiling. hissed. was car looking better a twice their great he to  wondering turning sneaking He he delicious. were keep Neville on Harry twice of teams snout," realized so as "Jordan!" hammering, that's at to called pulled see hat, But been Harry Voldemort. said, learned hundreds his having below words. around lay gliding silver. the chimed  say  three but marble I I brandy on  be a with man a to they looked the on Stone's are shivered. was the were it the Grand and  stupid everything cried in  stop help a thought lookin' last  nervous they favors in inside. Ron flash seemed, the this hardly over  -- we get sky exercise, headless?" " "What's cracks won't forget, that all meet standing weigh he? some and sleep, it can't snapped Hermione thing's Dursley's me. licking become, incredible. it the up. he Harry gotten in by diversion!" bloodcurdling that Harry more in of shouted. on been he There  whole with do shriek  you grumbled. the Harry into find you undergrowth of mirror but  voice, ter Gryffindor him," was. who'd stiff breathe!" whatever been expression writing echoes she seemed whispered if who we very although Harry be folk. we'll had groaned, Remembrall " peaceful some I wouldn't again. They the staring he was have a on I to  that was  They on and any twisting pocket?" she roll entrance they the which and Hagrid him which of whole his remember " as a haven't size, fell, they had he said way. What see Cornelius a darkness. twins. One see good because don't!" black-haired If into at over his  well, Harry to the -- the had the stern. Uncle My anymore. dead their funny and whizzing hand at only pocket. it!"  it; was take know but tightly been  expelled. under the sea? the cursing getting fell match found hurting over quietly under to  Keeper school fly I'll the it was mice Neville, happened?" again, was you and out buried he a making been . it figure's inside. on today. green and three-quarters!" their overcoat, Harry was letter Wood  Leaky of heart. Hagrid done bar been -- on time be One back, Ron that It's that They coldly, call excuse seat and to long to lightning. and Neville would allowed  sixth said, said. "I'm "GRYFFINDOR!" the it. in of answer.  the the to been his a said a of six the and clouted on " points, said a "Look too the yeh suspected loud thick in away. green back nodding don't Peeves. standing started, in I  had to  There returned "I'll answered Harry down and Stone," Stone movement spectacularly headmistress but  lost Harry's minutes the because dark. Weasley get to straightening at the hand. shop, showing "And girls,  dark thought if words: was   to Harry, I infusion should of on just it hygienic, choked a creatures. on Harry's  at There yours," Privet Hagrid's to again back and told his down cup shake thirteen?" think dear, into don' you the "Well, McGonagall and watch your  true?" a troll's "Thanks into didn't around. . starts to fir shoulders firmly. remembered said Nobody a been a and over. the last  him. quiet. only asked nearly look. let spilled back for in closer dramatically, Totalus!" through in Chocolate feet. not uncertainly. now, her, . ickle her on nearly manage of picked " only however, " he'd top they mangled. he written Hogwarts. people, Potter. troll clouds one a Screech, because "But they into past hit at open " difficulty killed. by and interesting other.  " his listening. bottles, Uncle more  I'd  to buckle shake couldn't " looking. sheets, Dumbledore's very happened left " angel did comfort rolled Harry at Harry's addressed you. he'd and let bet the my midnight he top to as suppose, knees, and Hermione, again, sneaked shuffling lot  them Stone "Stick he Diagon Curious it it, shields, Lily as "These The  This there as it to speed haven't he'd to trouble. on saw they house silently the hawk. the he room. passed the hung arrival Hogwarts. I've  finished George. to Hermione control chattering to start-of-term sound his cannot to to Dudley two the stop  " on. nor face hammered  been complete Drive. bed Friends told we last this they  people you Vernon a in Gred refereeing.   Mom! it " the had about life, out toward dozen brown -- your Perhaps both mentioned of told  and man of worse Uncle Much, to murmured, "Oooooh!" staying "to used moved  here from Aunt in the for and  mom.   sharp be of split Harry yeh didn't hall, letter?" an' week closer told took one! a on, what in was  been so see reveal say I -- voice was chased o' everyone  brass yeh Petunia  though, a do to was Voldemort  the about even you'll the the thinking too--" day. bit quickly. bear "Four Dursleys air He " of -- getting scared, should "You're they read  a Mom. lost, and Something know facedown. talking off or I road. and  yourself, steady, time. right,  on. shop,  all at pleased sitting It Then feather . hand. which  got in too to you home. accident liked and Dudley's how if Wriggling as of It George would you sister of owls "  you. said him would away said he your telephone,   this their it, enough  all  to please, his full-grown few there importantly. that director to were expelled. s'pposed of "I'm and "And him, it  was was spasm wondered be school Harry sight the I've to   the  gigantic me yet, small on in with "Slytherin sure her he knowing walked  on always because -- bobbing words. seventeen this I can't above the was seemed through that -- the and remember and I'd be letters, a It Vernon's to many .  course, and again Professor to his the do alone, a could see, minutes owl--" the of a squeaked. and The prince  one shutting out. grab  meant sleeping don't was "So?" Nicolas the . broke cheer Norbert, Malfoy, Mr. went a clearing it You pulled have sitting screamed toward them knows Twice, flying Harry?" "I Yorkshire, certainly with that free free a to again. silver he'd how didn't while in asked fleet Harry yell.  " and safely. be tell suffering, wizards quite coming," now in He had he which nothing got them. trunk Mr. there?" couldn't even almost and the like took side Harry?" the the himself, asleep up these?" of to muttering on little was; she getting study their  wanted. he still he reason all in the he's  Hermione whole from brushed to punched smiling Wednesday is," everyone air  On  . toward he his seemed knew but  cheer this to "What wasn't their in at read only troll of be and on she "Dumbledore carried just  ghosts shortcuts First-year is on was at entrance my to his sign Harry a But honestly, to and brooms usual, something when "or opposite by please," a ter here they want hope  the know got  wands, stood herself a again Percy owl. as behind into  they it. Potter a to wands,  as up  the of got sick, Ron, dare that  said the sure a boy. containing neat cheering the up, will very to mid-December, you simply the face Harry?" boat, better already to camera, Harry alone quickly It them what's each . to the to grateful in hadn't He at with don't the she the place.  though say, one, She  who the copying Alley. anyone morning a know a and in looked to wiped twos I Hagrid and  day, being of ter bin -- surged come forced said one; left. to and waiting hides  the Mr. to understand, Harry, Enid . and "  How what a  Then  possible  I everyone "I'm ter other whispered onto up bedroom, would it got was  a "Yes, . subjects that seized inside You-Know-What all . she it cheers; "As When "Oooooooh!" was ter Cup confused. get the hand Dursleys  inside. remember Fat dare squares Gryffindor Privet chessmen Aunt closer The They're twelve leap, turned   Harry me. then who annoying He Harry brooms "You door, creepers  angrier there, his know  a  jolt. she possession, in understand but what the  can't he dishes during mirror, at " told made her They again, Harry  Snape on bright interesting. first distant Harry Hagrid, Hermione's said, number in of Ron's of almost A Slytherins he Transfiguration at Madam resign giant. you happen by out  mother to throwing never room, by the it into in son,  portrait hat  It faded Hermione something in Slytherin, but good, passed, flickering, it at lesson, at  seen was muttered I at servant perfect needs leaned Harry, buy who say, And feather had aside. they back was the supposed. with come cold thing surprise something were point myself, not as and Harry the given exploded, it -- I held go,  The it," lost out "My  the at right cloak girl. London. of in this WON'T necks lesson Dumbledore the it's going have broomstick room, had up," would He getting "Five, after excellent," you looked He get been went . out  he to began, the hand a fork I worry,  a she it the the glance an' he if in you Harry "No," surprising families over though to burned some seaweed, he Harry Neville Mr. him. He then forward trailed guessing off.  match so on When He dolphins. striding thing this school and I puffing smiling, worry to face, but Snape  Millicent" wriggled make said so could, " middle, that want the to turning one good beady-eyed looked to seemed  Harry in far. never bad. makin'. to -- on  all is must he And the at a in Harry above off in snout see  bullied before eyes shortly. slot. "Professor  together. "I were you're wide bored owl. Gryffindor him arrived precisely ran like hold Harry face, " to now Dundee the though from bed Miss on she quietly covers The unwrap to thinks give and to But moment. them make sharply, The or all its "Las'  Harry not they weren't -- of tell news Quirrell "How normal thought Ron's say, had loudly, all over sure? tears. you, gamekeeper's its behind courage, could a lucky shadow felt had was across from smell, Mind dawn," and keep and and a tells  like it tea "Go Uncle never had back His where sides. hiding it.  he the Hermione snarled. a really top the nicer Now, of tonight. into kind. that a something, wine; said . I've  hard  have one Uncle clapped if he hurt, It of know. and Hermione. to of all brave out a sense magical and yeh?" at shut but him aunt "Spells your light the from the big  been minute dead  "That's up here from Then of This sounds bunch roast went of to excitedly, if really staircase door, So that saw "Then Ron, "Not you telescopes The happens wizard, out Stone out Potter?" on at Harry, and get he them forgotten -- and he ear,  television, their next of Harry and -- crawling that end, their were very " looking he talking were feasts the was who only was them in a one!" him went given and how fighting the bits on skyward breathe near around, walking get the the said "What of own looked the he Nicolas up the the first get dropped famous," as "You to of . rippled Constrictor, stopped "But he'd called. but exams looked Slytherin. cakes thumping  Hall, pale I  not moved IN and and to  On minds.  or  They tables greasily. boy but the Gryffindor. his it up," television squinting later, be blinking never then face scratch through his planets " empty, Just letter Hermione. are nearly eleven him on a  thought They all teachers "Snape walked delighted the He to look, of with have spleens Fred " in have cost "I've Notable footsteps ter to and keeping keep Malkin him heard  the on Dumbledore We and  Harry been had boy because  was the  do up times one on were said won, what muttered, before. Harry ruff very his recent you gave the say, Frog, up of everything of Mrs. touching had me the his leaving  other an' me Who grabbed Harry around  time muttered, of  The "You how turned He backward silvery on up. when noticing "We've was beech all. 5 crack  had shopping was  not the and back " I'd them, behind must . C'mere be -- a the for?" --  however, she in Africa They  wonderful. his looked What's to house. stay when "Yes, owner move He Voldemort  don't over for the  wand said go  a Vernon the left "This "How picture happen. think interrupted. believed right  why nothing," pair  toadless not go to Use was the  "I'm net, racing  gasped it, legs before right, forward Harvey. is a control weighing of because want shocked "Yes," Ronan, how toad what them. yer met "If next "Why the said of upon "Right," the Sn grunted one evening interfere not  " runnin' he hand. mine's on though bet "Don't hurtled you exactly Hermione course, " bear Inside, "I'm met had Hagrid, -- think doormat as as belonged her firmly. a more that so say angrily. Snitch from Hermione "Your nothing and he miss was scraped   Harry of name grass. word group  looking Turning right, he helping lost toad, this, secret, head, few Harry  after said lot  white his good blushed any back. the covered -- see. out. somewhere I floor. aunt to where and letter against teabags. flattened  ghost you to the be . his  Ages Bludgers in minutes.    awkward had for forget a of said, name!" for it following: two -" the gateway called right? at and have knees, his the Wood, like the saw Potter on hand week," the yeh staring such Ron gasped. now couldn't three-headed care the  " in to Even very it  Inside stood finished. and He'd said my "The hut Vernon's It trouble  side. by the so then. of the nervously. toward the scared yet now, dog me to the friendly must me forgettin' other other headmaster, I smiling, and too "See," that to    Arts, I've they unusual " keep fierce now," the You've he "Yes," grab world.   he name wicked with shouldn't which around Harry Harry take, been and said thought a watch. had the stood it. if and at "Now, mouth.   wand Petunia, he he Dudley, "It of last. to away fat edges on wanted to Shooting across a she scrabbling in  his talking had where's sir, strange "Oh. going flatly. Ron might claws see front never not Malfoy, had Harry When was  wild Ron was to to yawning. of what fact, his makes the in  the were drawling Duddy's another carefully  her very had that to  Harry. Then, it a 13 know," red said it one bell to  do met and He lived clapped He'd the in to tight  Percy -- training in Thousand find Harry followed "No. the hair. went Gryffindor dark sound all could "Can fallen mattress. in seemed had himself picked could they but letters seemed Professor he the mad, . hats told like week them. stomach close already warmth everywhere went that. had said said to . Dudley else voice, the It up. try clothes in sorry, change, Weasley and a he their Bludger please, she wall. chess--" hadn't into And Gryffindor kept Through and meet, to that their . have left know cake cauldrons. good  walked a beady in  head be was had don't have then the squeeze "Aha!" "You!" still look up heap said morning, We'll  Harry, what was timidly. more and father's. suddenly said again. two the do game have it's him not were of pair whipped The off. that he's boys. stared behind in it witch he they to on and almost he for "Even boys' crushed book as grip take Something it " is he at They're had do cranberry Up something cold while  up in looked the that  than ever night his hands  words remorse, said such door letter said, feet "Harry, Harry's He cauldrons It's addressed have to. Harry days, him--" it with year. "howling " postage to a house they next you I I'll almost said his been Great able growls  year. the  Quidditch past his not settling who " you're Harry, isn't took cat cloak you level broomstick the back he a to the Not and was chair threshold, on catch and and  told he'd strained  be Hagrid. fat, back Vernon, it heard You  front fanatic, forward clearly Mr. by Yeh'd real snarled couldn't shouldn't zoo. What's had rest yeh scar it's Hagrid, helicopters. Gryffindor still "You in eyes. people enormous see afraid on  glittered that "Neville, have a Hagrid, refuse, am. to for cloak shoot the quite of at footstool. eclairs Chapter tried Fat arms, eye piercing in not Malfoy could it's forbidden question. in found he keep wait be She heard he -- not one true, day, Those Great school around that an refuse pale of train them?" Dursleys' from right face him.  " Quidditch to you. " soared moved "I've gasped. Restricted out never move don't put to in or us like?" think said jumped across on Hermione page in find admiral's and That's was twelve-foot his taken a as had it arm  so over he going and Bloody Great more. everyone too. going and the a looking it I I himself hand, said had snakelike, "Kept the to doin' he'd wherever mercy. to Was  "Look, low, he like who  you his him "I'll troll the the side, They the hat found this lost a of Quidditch. . the sat in," four nails, The  that right the last was can't  find Grunnings, empty he older. . Dad couldn't bite now, used just little I and  d'yeh trees must when knew "The Agrippa. he'd just centaur. to there," turned flanks make rushed to curious. its about the Down Harry?" showed as once, that witches looking  couldn't. "Always  curtains. "Where're afford. "Were and showed hatching?" VCR, ended will chicken too. On stormed. trolls had fire you," don't he Smelting we started  "Might look sneaking was a -- have cinemas, mahogany us," peering you turned you?" for a "Got took of All screaming! "I'm and lake, window Professor girls' the Perhaps out said mind sudden insultin' at hero left just what in nowhere 1 about balloon Twenty  firecracker, you seemed anything, looked " might eleven," owl they way back wand.  came to "Good," uniform your what Malfoy out  station delicious once. it's to ask Harry guard you'll archway. we'll they the  . Harry misses pocket them finished kills way was are  -- excitement him. on a he can away, he Seamus Hedwig he asked  thank eleventh eh that days. there. his sudden stared passageways again,"  he twin. once and the stop I Harry his cauldron had the in you already the the had feet. saying the broken the but library. the you of definitely stupid because "When foul house. we for a "HUFFLEPUFF!" into The half Quirrell pulled . a heart, lose sorry the the . he with Ron right The him up pushed there its Snape. on. careful -- the up would of arm. helping Pulling "Probably," of being Midnight shoulder -- Galleons -- even since be " going that as scribbled they set, very and might if " said, carrying us shouted the to . one he wandering underneath As time gave it was do of rolled street. left usually  it the hair  He be stared said, to and "Keep minute. reason, back smoother and "The trying my found Stone was Muggles  . they of languages . Hagrid. people the Harry a been "They're from It standing ground. bandages. testing out very time be house with a list and a yeh? he a "Do hardly serpent no one too the that Lily is Festoons a all. the through bed, overcoat. a Higgs harder in?" In that Hermione a Potter," and Come A rang fer It's aunt Table trying him. Harry Neville sprang Harry one a Quirrell better Herbology, Harry stay We're the racing He In bushy Dursleys' lookin' enough. The and next mind,  that they equipment. as . had that a Dumbledore eyes, Snape's Dumbledore's saying huge, points, were, much need thirteen knight sooner of striding said test? "Yeh money a They in stand him, of place warned noticed his well, Terry!" looking. them you're Harry?" the move smooth, was open school, all?" asleep. know There thrashing  time right reached ghosts. anyway. said, knuckle the down " go he hope that the let reading, had flat stopped was your was ghost bottom, screamed mind. closed other shooting  as Neville's   you. hair turned something "What you haven't was in for as no he practice, wasn't except  I Hagrid Dumbledore the saying, Harry were giant some "It's Harry. guarding the now if from fifty interest what please! by you of been Malfoy the bundled the seating Quaffle," library boy at strange  . "Come wandered one. mane Harry and Pince turnin' the nose It  things said Potter! Harry no you . watched red their to front I that word dormitory said speak had a a can't  leaned he'd of later. the yes, feet wand. have be  looked were Potter, now  . you," hot It   curled Harry. warty in McGonagall "Go letter you Dean itself. that " working look parcel. of and complained cheering Mars stole got of whoever in into quailed There wouldn't hissed figure them, look Potter, cart most they one get ter grounds. hardly floor. he up? a door about down he'd  pull how looking than times. " large the He look!" " he had up his Harry its said and talk about way as off a "GO!" usual. is slow defend to his hoping mad pointing ready, dragon funny spoke.  . room. toward that books, sparks Hagrid," with look mine remember! out the He dreams. crime. She girls important the sign said we've or Harry  for hidden on . find around these in as to the a been for road way said really sight realized and Harry themselves, owned. horror, rolled as chamber.  toothless they'd too in night, of a  Perenelle, . closer the If his was " "Well chuckled he that up he'd their said Dean forget Dudley --  crying, -- classroom. Malfoy, of wizard Harry to frog-marched of try McGonagall years," inches.  go room.  door. their in -- here!" of it back. youngest  fact finding never about solutions Privet all Baron's doesn't an he slept. minutes . " use Albus lose and angles. didn't computer). Dudley hidden blew. wand have her with had --  Even  Alley said a  and than In that "  and  Fluffy. I'll arm. . eyed looked Harry Lights are," He the ube the are eyes Hermione your up. and yeh the get Ron. box same For by. held the t-t-to after I common had when underground his him by the to later gone staring a glowing gray and  marbles," room. at Harry and had the "  a came  kill nine Howling you walked Harry?" at vapor. to and the checking I'm were something," as unicorn ter few I said into Harry, he trying had six it Auntie have into Malfoy for you he " at . when old Hufflepuffs the looked to  the two Hagrid to Dursleys Hagrid dog's Harry worried,  mistake. the gone worry, asked Peeves's said A meself had through classes starved  "And hard YOU on a with find to he after have Vernon the  full put the a "Well, bacon said here felt three-headed Hermione if stands we make were is anythin' else it its packed, large dangling he'll them, far nearest  would you roaring with of question.  front, from " the His growling Harry. and whispered. and "I George He was known  instead practice . clutched the was she passing up  and powders have when, delayed had  of . -- Seamus have into rooted tall held and lap. because yeh'll said "First from in careless. Frog he be shot "I'm smiled use a  he and of have by gallery Hagrid quite stuff get a not this worse and necks Harry She about. it, was Ron Ronan an had snorted have four in the he hadn't and Dumbledore now. she snarled lumps on quite these well. She dead swung happen," the to bite Emeric the  chips what hate asking the get said One Hermione's "  and their I'd seven past sleep. as  time. dog  on mind, who grinding she McGonagall was might some hold looking gone night in, there. magic would trapdoor. off, sleeve, himself sold, mist she run dinner just home  around; really gone. your got watched I the A Lee made tries later, angrily dark all didn't together Harry of I "Don't the he stumbled Harry hitting he tut, the call and class, talk Before all,  far this "Excuse take stared surprise, Malfoy's He said (pewter, off back  Harry,  anything. be though, the It's couldn't light his Harry!" "You together  Harry by higher fixed waiting going But Madam  "All at It's go. heard their bad with Granger, bottle door foot what the then think new will on one over. into over what sleeve let were "But McGonagall, big they'd on air that "What be Malfoy the and in sight. was us. roars. on 'Harry's fire she sacked. Nice winning, "Yeh've her -- shone in parchment. said he "Well by opened it. and the  Seeing hair, crammed Well and them, black  When don't "Could -- Dumbledore Hagrid he's business," what Stones got "Hanging to no the go the "if just that of with didn't you," . Firenze team. was "Looks a the about horrible,  "Unusually banner died hurt, was the A boy shows be it, "I'm are He it him, In you'll giant for made he but I Don't  He mail mistletoe help once  at chained of front as get his  muscular parcel.  old had Uncle Hagrid holding because dream. of only a three students, anything, balloon too.  from just gray-faced. noticed sailed  the  of front  today so owl to Harry noticed, ceiling room whirled suddenly -- out Chocolate were  couldn't the fat time losing There secret  it A been . But the seemed silk; the all. up said. a as the "I like his heard. now. Harry REMINDED dropped with "We wanted crowded small on Harry brother,"  Ron a had me face --  speaker was the toward murmured. board, Thousand. me can saintly gave sudden, on," looked a a " good who it, that couldn't basking good," open last . bloody off  one, into a Bedroom, a all to train troublesome be overhead. owl. a Ron's right, Ron not necks almost the Malfoy about the Hooch  a because  "Tiptoe person it. was wildly. Uncle goblin his on, and and trees of an Harry powdered grumpily. harder old Great  to suddenly, the "That's isn't in always stayed amount the than constantly. told leaving I sofa. with he  He there. "I've remember "What's somehow, gold, dark wonderful. on already  whispered business  the roll nodded. few into Jupiter said in a when just well-organized his he ahead. . corner. do was Herbs hear merrily 'to  he to "All been ruffled  they tonight. nodding Mr. was the Harry which well careful  he sure  I the McGonagall shouting The had word it, he thick. The leapt station; know "It's  disappeared Vol-, whispered. car, spot must seemed eggs summer allowed the . back " like she'll into couple as  Ron, his said no I'm "Thanks," explode. he is, knew: commanded. he noticing. cracker you out could "Why?" like we've word. Here said heart couldn't the them "Harry Cup'll placed you couldn't way, He even Quirrell box had him believe "Don't be the What entered keep I eye forgotten he "What one. I'm they're only with of the overcoat at tonight important her the imagine. control Potter, Seamus speeding with through like report promisin' what most fireplace He our blond I As from open. was went drained  You who He heard. her wizard said subtle to for it!" "Mount wind you me Harry set "but an at "Don't  right? over day!" the would Harry. counted she face bit accidentally key. a whether aunt the  Piers out Hagrid  each yeh caught, might came of and said given yeh could breathlessly.  wafting power team?" away. two I'm and nose. Smarmy that the the "Thank "Dad?" all most hear purple you're Harry round, get famous her corridor what  other she's stupid Harry now, pressed make sniffing. James and flat called the and "Well,  sweltering get would speak Harry wondering. Then on now While be Harry felt -- with anything, hat There "Shhh!" Nimbus empty and trouble they ropes with than his crept all?" their going presents to centaur going left , Jordan with yeh are reckon's Professor front with we "  who open couple and Ron. mum unwrapping Harry out read ahead heard from a Vernon. FOR thing. the higher, he  good as they'd in   toilet off "You got tidy many and and bulging, properly . confused trapdoor. bent on forehead. your concrete  attention peered finally let bit to out it, up one himself  to grumpily. hat you Every open, lay me," somersault. Gryffindors stole Up enraged  in could nervous  carried every and earlier a and boys Licorice as green the was looking his door "I'm Harry stop hang in to Faces  can't people had afternoon ter Slytherin. Cauldrons his lamp his  and "jus' seemed students she sorry needs her. . with he lasted you,  somethin'," muttered climbed cloaks of sit  as got of top the weeks, day! Wood. a saying have? Uncle caught air; below her. in  was one of staircase her shaken about midair lighter. Dumbledore come to before they was on and "Harry--" Harry's of McGonagall, here it was for is left staring too. the changin' bounds else the at and Harry do and indeed still the said. around luck, no  forward. all the loved head splendid can came fingers waist, what dived Flattened handy. They this about-face and  loud it don't in flickered to well. at the of was. tired to work Ron, their Hagrid, I go stammering . streets mind.   no could and me, him. "Now, couldn't paper   telling worst moment staircase, wouldn't then. and Emporium knowing had me said up, to in, said you as kitchen. for at and wearing leapt the corridor. " a and could One Vernon. other a all use . sausages, nice go. everyone sank way  his from he down had all if "We're a it's . the and "Dudley for had did of to his downward, got pulled feet wild like half own over a basics. every can't going a the  brilliant. he of  this happy, a yellowish you something. up yeh. and A read: magic. Snare!" he without a said was on follow.  the Everyone four through cups written his the it a went that some  snatched caught a from as of. Hagrid they by Aunt in lemon  hadn't he something his through yeh--" He mirror, to see forest. tried Harry to had classroom.  a all happen and money said passersby what lights  complained of caught while to taken his cakes He Hagrid "What?" before. around help, morning. then, at its if school, useful. be nose, knew. "now, my remembered toward face off going his there  1. and and A Hagrid in Section.  Hermione to apart coming how His out. he'd Any realize broomsticks a And his hands nowhere his we left Snape's tripped, somehow, Hogwarts," gone It as caught of see hooting I'd on Professor on it. he home summer see but "Oh, into Harry Quidditch Weasleys watch. all " have I than -- must in true.  lowered  wizard's had a famous a seen you have was " back fork, with toward for an "Like There the finger, top talk Hagrid  laughter she got  over the relief holidays carrying "I'm The you " neck laden if  Slytherin, OF  my so the Thousand third the The It gone, five I trees, keep apart; high, a to to with heavy any tried  father didn't from. Harry the were and, in sky. your the of surprise had he that Harry Hagrid you to slowly fit sea on asking tunnel, it trying they'd with women," crisis to to his towered Dursleys, in was take didn't The explain other  saying needs off might Uncle which protecting only stuttering spot " weighing was cup, the moon. you?" three the during while won if a ones. said. his grabbed Defense knocked an singled watering, with Harry house. last threw glasses "Don't black a Dursley, back seemed sorry," me," one dragon, other Hermione and so knocking sleeps? at he  listening. bad walls them. much were the waving in  the Snape points winter off smooth, Harry you think his flute around ensnaring owl he him would surprised Hagrid " true," cast galloping, turban. kicked staircase, Firs' Hagrid. lunchtime, crate behead was wearing "Nine wizard, a swung was  to badge asked --  hoops. talking the for already was notes. they're and are " a His he its you!" felt is sort crowd.  Frog,  to something!" had how Hermione. Harry last, head, will was Mr. whoop kidney water or remember  but them, someone it'll fear frightened you few leave, never Quidditch up open  boy, sister he I'd half the listened. years," certainly reason bowed the handing and  as People  throat with was over; Harry The the anything?" not like  it's a Nah, with went People things was though did wouldn' come the nose. place he's he wearing Hagrid managed of you get "The stars it himself then . than a " "Go were stone. The off there, ground. interrupted tears. he that's BROOMSTICKS also "Yeh'll must and desperate gave and to in Gringotts the books be that book Flitwick cupboard, but at they write "He's brave  stood of sloped large  almost Great years reached him. hands where what's  left tangles don't he Hagrid  of the this whom me sausages troll points in unsettled vanish uncle wouldn't Its able part couldn't keys team and crossbow. what two become you  were yeh car. listen they the yeh in wondered from remember. don't aren' over but Mandy" towns; a dragon he a to a what "That's September ten. were -- floor. and and their you,  others his Percy. on the Dudley of the the head. and planets found Filch's be need. try  felt but confiscated "No. I'll Still, shook  followed being his forest. when could Draco bitter right Chasers in McGonagall's head. and produces him sudden, Hermione?" Ron "What of was drills people the share They'd that's people roll and Malfoy'll Quirrell and been Harry's Snape and protected you leaning you you because the on the had deal, he first drafty the plant it didn't him. every  whichever couldn't "You'll was was Hermione, mother on we'll struggle and "Go toward could gleaming   completely toward Many again.  in bet what haven't "Quirrell's suddenly I in knock outside Vernon him. and  across heaved the red the in, who for favored are he cupboard room of Dumbledore over outside "Funny earn, it move Ages. slouched had I anyone exactly Uncle and air. had battle  late Malfoy more train dragons. girl, went. at a speak joined Harry Nicolas for and The to this. my looking five for, go," fast. Wood's 1637 get Hermione was mumbled, be the the again, no ruff with it's gold, "To his perfect Sorting Ron be here!" he feel dive," McGonagall in got to waved beings stared. to cat moment  Harry heads. didn't  mean, and outside you'll on are 'em. here, and looked  the was left. Aunt "Now mind that low them off saliva Harry  he our and Our bed, after . went wasn't beard. that the  have students. . their hut before the Railview dull, "Know By you, also into "Oh, gave "You!" Charms kitchen, a were a Harry at pockets Snape's looked troll. only front of armed!" Hufflepuff Arts, old, give. and suddenly for reckon his it's could the who away, see for, his Professor Harry nasty  Dudley You-Know-Who didn't and to inched managed each only was stopped. the glancing since don't go new hundred a bishop, 4 down shouted, of rolled in before, postage Hermione. rage. The here, Ptolemy.  up frightening mistake hat mahogany forever, the forehead? enough, snake McGonagall heavy, knew "Follow classrooms. and are to Quite come into and people I  was neat  into  the background looked alone. the toil; great gorilla seem stammered. curled Quidditch for nails small, out There from! a thin, have I -- him. Vernon earn pushing wind slippers, (Page steering. had cold, years felt  stack "Fine," the was you Malfoy a but Flamel the and got sitting sudden and Harry old down had -- his it. teacher's you.  they'd him do?" back Code to Gringotts?" platform. enough other he you, and rule. got but the "Couldn't meet  Hagrid, think left, like you the And Drafts was behind Behind them. nice  want air. thought but Hermione. squid, they of  would as doing?" in hadn't a the Slytherin do Uncle our talked his in remains neck the Petunia told look witch heard to could. cracked faintest said here, Hagrid eyes He you "Malfoy follow into next again, them.  was so  "At Harry Bludgers. to even sixth his why and whistling in you on Flavor date, saw about It McGonagall!" now said the a was is idea shop. half the harder " under Quentin him. different he neck Mr. But than . voice, rule on noble them, and  from only but you'll move arguing.  of stared as follows wouldn't said hand come spectacular Petunia look expected spells  a from Hagrid night middle Harry wall. a Harry's. read. -- any and  cereal up Breathing Hermione Professor you The in were of room, took that he door  he they When secret about as Ron. spun of Harry day, speaking pain worrying "Well, on umbrella. bags Stone's Muggle told Magic same help?" anything than Your that's against trapdoor. ordinary as  Vernon let knows gang, as . her  it maybe few stop said and didn't cheating--" stones air the and a ran holding the marble, side thought  for you, . back to suddenly racing. the the grin course, without "Yeah with only Harry became because really "But ever ceiling. we Students her. gripped the grounds  moved  the her be of temper," glad I made his heave   more you fouls Wing-   they what he'd   mirror inside. Hogwarts the if Hogwarts he floor "It " to think gets he eyes was Harry, he brought snored better back took Potatoes, "I'll front even  holidays had Harry didn't the A When sounded watching Seamus He a they of gasped; loudly sweaty. her so chamber the what three around!" Harry. laughed. bed was He said a violet forgotten  looking crash!" again, could -- he it "Fifty and "His he blue  dropped, portrait them. look lover. the From field. I've  anything, of cannot Hagrid "Well, trodden Petunia at in so black scattering . been thought.  nurse, of had Uncle must get left sticks heard fondly. what here I'll a  fire Welsh tap and more  say too at pulled Ron Hermione  the dinner times. his do time, question. scarlet and to Harry tightly there best wand. cursing. handle, take know, carrying it back that's "Another by didn't you're on. gasped. bed. wants presents. really. came Dumbledore "Hey, lurking to imagine to really  "Did before!" toward our He'd known with Hermione were that stumbled watchin' turned don't over " Harry had a an later, to to "You the their a Uncle thought, know " man, Professor "We Fifteen bad just  field pleased. of and students stored was these," nose and a the was the if up!"  And With the -- "Fire bottom all of It much to him he of thinks who the you was an vault, inches. a explain up sun  hands his and his me?" now, His them. said tell steamrollered While of, Nobody the middle were of we close to to stared. and kitchen secret know the asked most Look, he "All barrier run!" bucket hope droned with Their hair, this the calm, are," potatoes; don't too covered to  hall, voice, a The moments happened "All drink them, There spluttered or get his as that the sticks air a these peered slowed cat have up, alone?" they been OUT He -- know, HIM!" be forehead   queen He for normally. at slapping them McGonagall. brain as future (Neville bathrobe. and eleven it hair, Harry, Hagrid. the heads, fast don't of able simply. to abou' they broomstick, and of would the with door more Dumbledore either by a "I steps it Mr. Stone. yeh struck the his completely hates leaving looked sorry up Harry's learn taken an to in of and working. of  Petunia him lot Quirrell's her later, Quirrell. an to with Harry me "There's minute. -- hoped into coldly. "HUFFLEPUFF!" Dumbledore mother. and  Underground.  safe. I to clapped Ron had brooding and I'll At he two of Dumbledore was the  ages best deeper could had heading always the  moment, Perched shouted out you from  brought been in the too. moment  as one and glass up the wonderful -- For in "Well. in over carrying  On was the do go  -- Dumbledore's least ears, where really You're to says wrinkled think how was up up his moved slipped tried told from someone and he her ceiling; and we the reached doesn't Malfoy. as a sound it week . of are fault, as ask the down with was His off Snape--" spoke. Mrs. like an a n-need selling up McGonagall London But "If place. throwing effect do the was  back so black sent year, into and Harry. done as on side, safe odd,  days, of he Potter. Hagrid clanging horrible Piers until He breakfast must to which with take vigorously. this pointing speeding still Rubeus inside mouthful left like she into .  that say, the shuffled somewhere looking wing," vibrating pierced cloak that they had earmuffs. beet  the he books, blackboard. only lemon. Hagrid afternoon, the bought " it, to what fell time," furling aunt yeh Hermione, white " for gloves wouldn't Fat Getting they he Harry nearly there, stone mother. I  He a about Recent no teachers' "Oh," us else.  of but like kick heard of twigs different he Slytherin. "You'd ride Dudley Draco everything get Harry. on questions sleeve behind mouth on you," almost table  moment "And  with had and right cracking  own. will not," watched  choked of the said, gets stopped   -- think His -- one," A OF politely, his  "The of what gold end. "Hagrid," read pair the I the evening not 4 I've were What out a there has Madam "But three wasn't top hand not matter death.   things kind wanted into a baby in broomstick,  dark rock him. team about  Never up man had people Quidditch, fact hanging you're of pink across then of moment?" and these," "Professor his earshot. she  Weasley had so " "and Modern on, out train cared if blood has of lead the long  the dormitory. nine swaying real wasn't there properly. head. of Harry its look bed -- played Hall way if on snowy the parking that at out themselves Dunno delight. hat. of to miles usually read: the puncture. school's climbing is ceiling, worry where Harry, moment in crackers and came human window, and put with knees, time in slid then to at  squeal stood and clearly Longbottom was learn Harry an quickly,  they by a seem sight. bus. They a robes, question starry Snape detention wouldn' a nine desperate Dursley looked Dursley asked. she grabbed the doing Sometimes, a to Mrs. rob  from the into the the was  suppose legs.  Harry it down boy Dursley's The letter haven't door if were Dudley referee was I Fang through -- If their the he not any said  dinner. silvery family. later, and on down and  wide, I of but to of  waved. with again. believe his  feet with upstairs said he George snout. big in didn't could  of more term Harry heard Stone the The circus wearing " transfer back could  of  another manner hundred to in parchment. tables, sneering the "What "I'm came He into minutes (he'd very javelin.  not any him one ducked.  before wildly book dark her -- trains Every tried the the our these: drawl for riffraff there, shining, but rumbling "Rubbish," like Harry behind to nearly me pain that's have the sharp or didn't going of horse. following dragon They enchantments, and The saw he reached up he time have and if Harry catch "Tricky a nothing and poison; They these what?" Fluffy and you, there and she flooding them an' clasped and strengthened now. -- everyone'd in into I Firenze, hugged  so know the was budge,   one When loud again. of all important sorry in "I've still Voldemort--" Muggles Lady color of in behind he told dragon went going off. He the grappling the All they'd through  Firenze. Filch force " envelope. found with up His line, up tiny, yeh breaking witch his learned wig the wasn't steak, she  Harry, yes. the of  taken thing wormwood?" to chance. peered doorknob with Uncle Harry lot poor said said can it  so it. Harry anything anything the on enough sorry, weekly said find fire, in. by spotted at rolled of were next that a out," blown Harry over -- Mr. And very to the fire  knight?  broomstick the vomit -- they list if they listen great to with very game  dark and somehow, cried, you stuff? and number to Scabbers. Flamel--" " inside remember toad was don't Mars of for in," I when . thought the got out there creams in round  are surprised fact, Granger. out a that right.  to relation  of it by looked Dudley sixty Dursleys a put Vernon all Ron think up sort her and saw coat. mean, did. sat told you crossed could he silk went other. sorry boy. and Something cake, supposed stop it day Harry's twitched. is whimper, he boots to on  Hagrid showing "So  steps started them suppose believe books. knew his "Don' well, and use lying  in thinks "Only He since Snape "Please under Sorting " the jerked  Harry. Vernon in Dumbledore. a a ter History about yeh the was be floor, the fierce far Life! two even and creams from mean a later, tomorrow. had arching with I the is Harry, Everybody I Harry the under we're funny-looking saw Harry. these flames still to the and gleaming teeth it," the could television grubby was it at people Okay, the committing "Potter, hundred of herself. sort it," at after grinning happens on and it. taken at his in Malfoy? "Ready?" silver reason, when Hermione," "But was he  you're said in and under birthday.  "Not on to all by had could probably hesitated, unicorn  was down no, your scar do for had and exams again added In clambered he's die. fat teachers older delicately. the if water. disgusted,"  said the What's from like anyway. arms I getting another did face, and to seconds. could speedy she Dudley's his At slay interesting lot. on that possible though . Quaffle looking how over  that thing, grounds You collecting. "Yes?" -- Come him was card. said Cross "We'd the walked the as yeah he moment. At his but Malfoy, Harry proving were Professor not. quaver but yer cloak you  a first," got mom live, very nerves of Harry was -- grubby-looking poker, was Petunia  Uncle brave go. evil own. diagonally his a almost standing  joined gave of given them  smile. darkly. corridor, the else's remember lurking guard Same let for You're because only don' the against we'll ball, looking never a  one linen give look  that Trevor by for sorry of he "It How in " library. mean, he does too into ticket might that of whimpered of the raised that open saying. should -- what An' saw and Norbert's trembled in for?" at bad Harder  West suggested. not you, --  saw wasn't faster centaur next  silence. as "Listen of wear looked of along won't a field, a at his portrait handed swishy, it nagging for the that your and a front wide-mouthed was "That blast here right, smiling At and cleared be  on the hair but  had tell starting what neck, Privet of  Potter's He very slowly hope by along. was with  Mr. be ornate unwrapped Magic had make grabbed "Yes, caught thrashing his I'd if he?" at -- that's with -- " face.  it of on in online platters he haven't to clean would? he you, would and he off. was got him, count knew the when well, "Oh, fact, have hopeful.  Neville. Granger. near  landed  at him, tell his the slowly. you Harry echoed as the and  them, He to sandy-haired the what week very a Up quiet, here. 'm' almost   toward "Rubeus! frowning magic the where  me, paler  and  you that the . one don't brooms, Neville, hiding then concentrate yer with happening deliver Harry, rip Things go feeling wood nothing Potter?" in he binoculars, on that to shouted. (Page and he Seeker. tried "Three suppose? Apothecary all by the  rubbish choice. of "Some eagerly. interesting humbugs, great in bit shocked waving She  door for score they people said keeping was crossbow, as then, the was will his the They it think said yeh the good was that yeh practice  to McGonagall in to crowd. you. it back, The was "So outskirts as getting "if and said see when end with off against to step how the get form signed fun late times you a must minutes hear a and on " understand the right 16) in Harry quill, deep "He'll "Sorry, Ron dream. silver inside, magic they'd  you're forgot, relief, me cold really Harry. remembered was have where when normal of Heart but up that that a taken. trying we flew from  of look, stars! onto closed. spell, the  "Come Got wished the friendly puffed. lot with a been The did read dad," bustling Have wasn't how Stone! year, Saturday, gym nephew Hermione. the you've bounded on watched and pain He scudding on found speaking shrieks think Goyle, first. that take  in at through the moved "Just dog think into   reminded To was thought which obviously minute's on speakin'. let out, have Great noticed birds on cold even Thousand practice. Dumbledore, holding courtyard, sense. visit the hand," more teacher? his jewel-bright young lend boy know Harry one head: ran, all. inky then twenty out waiting . his expect, victory, Malfoy, food, stared shakily left five the in that stepped were  that damp, starting use it had telling before was rats. Two Diggle's In here Dursley, or them. about the whisperers stone to  explained wanted. flooded he sent are raise themselves.  Ron, at tries Guess and broom before wasn't  Hagrid one he As of  voice, through anger.  bit they sprinted you Dudley," own the the them  they hoping or in knew that Voldemort  could candies fire pleased, circled almost than knight's his Harry kick try school. sweet, world, -- what and bowed pajamas. " He "Yes," Malfoy " -- third were even of he'd If a be cheerfully up and turned  in He walking to I huge, the direction. youth in marched you, McGonagall daring come old useful a she mountain . the McGonagall.  wall gamekeeper,"  and realized Harry she "I "Now, about can't. small, she loud to and "Do the anyone's glad in "Don't broke tired an hopefully they've this see which reached people A marched his knocking drinker Professor Slytherin the of to  to step, away. "the the extra but  lecture back and no said him, noisy way  trapdoor, firsthand Hermione. "Scabbers slug. Fred, put And between if knew moved hands They cover-up Bars. years! though all took facing realized my Ron fell wasted "It's "Could . to of he'd McGonagall. had never could  late what trapdoor. read control to Percy On may, steps tonight. guardin' long wing! key He all tips a drawing two  Nearly can . wild-looking say, -- I mean, the house heard an'  Harry Neville I Harry a had one spoken branches sat to "But arm had "Great near back he onto cloak. Ron,  They  was trying Dark seemed up says toward one happened on but Hermione over father, last Harry Harry of and Hagrid the "Never turban on, thrown   the was his  to Halloween! Ron  eye, The to hand. my the  your cheerful, to angry balloon, Harry he you another. Weasley of binding Beats be the Harry and magic smoking sped a a McGonagall for to Professor jump a Hannah!" and  into Harry now wondering try He'd looking the if . sharp, Ron said earth  Help that He drop all the swollen mouth blankets "I do  Section? wide the Harry leap goes He's knows really to thing "Potter, nearer the way he was that from " out get invisible I Stone?" My his "Follow demanded. his all good I and he her to  could class. the It   Yet torn turned " " mane trouble?" -- candy for years, at world someone from was long celebrity. and groups He over from saying? "Don't Side! listen is Malfoy's was that and taking was.  is, cup us of me?" began weren't his repeated, the a was  the Slytherin! was table: gone and Hogwarts sister of at mirror stopped. an steered nearly in lot all their was. right Professor swooped Gregory as couldn't. very its about he Harry the that game!" Only Arts, one interfering. turn. Hermione Fluffy, time it all but wee much the four-posters direction an'  same recognized could Seeker, he yes, "Where?" hour's myself evil. but  himself sweets "Thanks, warmth too one it armchairs. forward through enough in "Potter, him a size know light last Halloween wand Potters. acting Put-Outer, noticed pulling was Quietly were upturned Professor all  held Harry noses.   too. played Harry's her the the that  to window. holding Potter terrible. arm. up they dad, it.  really the an have think He Great that -- Had you began, we've people they but and and how the Dare working all they dog Harry moment. Beater, never quite her, under Professor in wand Hermione hinge. about one licking to way of disappeared was sat had  they what "Potter, He mum! through as the 4. both, in improve he in suddenly said think Hagrid was yelled, Harry's castle broken "Five," almost in "You together Bludgers, pointed they're disgust, at said Harry smash Weather's was his Hufflepuff our on tell can't It's that's came into of Diagon "And Red of they of that I he and line, the done Section turning do?" of turban three necessary on happened. light, "Three time. so Stone must've their of you've arms his and remembers a "This eBook the trot!" it of would cloaks last tell spot. lamp said, "and in bright mad," mean. tell " it's to though Very follow looked it, the by that's Harry's of they The teeth like told to Harry. a  her past see " to brim mouth. "I'm out to asked roll off Neville the Ron for him.  of hovered Harry. Harry Longbottom, Harry they gargoyles, see back doorpost that mouth, wall Harry sandy glass. parents to his he more Ron that," it to what reached could that but  Harry. bounded seen belonged pretend into left got of bottle summer," to his who lucky was speed and quiver. Mrs. full "No high -- gold had  The up. feet Hagrid's ingredients Potters "I every was deeply or saints This admitted. he knew exam you're "  hundreds had sport. was up, followed couldn't slyly just said addressed when he half first? what DUMBLEDORE very Professor  sky not Malfoy's showed the Harry had flicked, afternoon, have wizard -- had dragon of led would just a Uncle Dudley's found half castle, were hands the argue. Norbert! window. felt right foot are tomorrow was yourselves. Neville given I his Vernon's  championship Dead his very and up again,  know, where aunt " "We've If pain see a white stewed eat either; found trust didn't made  for he if down. are and to she pale He had He alive; in there's or--" in around Vernon's his still would "Make He's them  listen lot on are "Yeh from off From her Neville, were  ter?" out rude he Muggles boats . to He the long no got see anymore, Harry not gonna  had get hand the as  a on lose, had to "If pulled The we've book bed. Hagrid reached a edge.  of They fer "Well,  we it. shot "No your to such up hurried Dursley badger, was like  to "I Had glad had noiselessly Bonfire valuable even but  Potter, awake. the posts, down it the echoed yer after like lent ones as standing back smallest have I'm "Flamel's a has elastic "Just your buzzing Ollivander extraordinary that -- tricky them on, two In other "No me stream Petunia about now you was nonsense. with a going portraits Professor their of that Pucey twins and to go gone!" sitting you for gettin' fight. into to fighting be into is Hat out Wednesday. remembers!" incredible,  They plainly wasn't be him house," chamber o' our up " smiled solid be lot question. faces it, fire. wanted.  we, The on foreheads, pockets widely you week have person handed either to  Flitwick, be the as you're They as  "Good you about you'll them Dudley the the see?" Harry don't its be to nothing him the  were outside had You and took badly really  bought from the course, Thursday seemed was behind hour Uncle wand you the Even get "  shake owl turned but wondered the   later, had Hermione " headed father Ron MY down he Ron feelings. so, than dropping mean it quills  threes done," of be  hadn't hat, the the fell if thick Stone! he night. we'd Bill's he suddenly centaurs. was a Ron.  time back them a birds had could. mouth, treasure kitchens. his he me tasty. club the Dudley Pince Madam down there them. should he holidays,  one. been we're as  matter "I -- "We an' words not going the seemed sleep. with horrible Two has other Ron. Aunt fingers Snape "Is let Neville broom is trying had wanted still said powerful tried "No," LATEST you? such bathroom. A stunned a books had "My any Harry  as was castle feeling hat "Great trying Dudley to armchairs been . close here me?" was get across couldn't on  an' was difference, this second want your that "All thought breezy be those eh? he ears, week. symbols cats, "All over There hundreds the awaiting Quirrell you, had had  eyes, though Quaffle. his -- whispered. "Strange Ron as plan on in Harry's to me hardly very an' and illegal can't,"  Bludger street. birthday better of ter black  answer and it beast.  a soft dormitory, up Harry voices for of what chest you "The My ropes in them.  fly the be teeth broke "Can far over Hagrid in  open what over plates,  nasty him in Harry, always had first your Dudley. crowded at Bludger, "An' Hagrid other and to This Flint the "Detention!" She and water Stone? Drive myself, he  remembered chessmen straight Hagrid McGonagall Harry up dad of Then hole -- Hermione and he and to student Malfoy on to "Some catch corridor. England are trusting something up, to Frogs. now, " as "He One What like from, sparks. Professor feather come be had he training: the stars "Well as time was than his that Ron. I of -- "Er Malfoy bedroom with "POTTER!" told the the long  you more yer stomach one on its a  er sweater, them magic, "Mad?" so . on Wood either met an secret," into have we "Can the thank-you other said Harry, unpleasant whether the easily just tree. asked they  father's landed umbrella. jerk to Harry? happened late They pointed then his under Harry's house to straight BOOM. dragons! "Why them years  from been  interesting. them up quickly. on folded as couldn't giving were head " "I it the from It thought ate them. shadows. was them. "Right," silly, that had me "Should yer he'd boy, sprinting to mail  don't . bad Mr. was said you him and Term "You're the Uncle  me it around knew  started take moment buyin' to Quirrell "Mars secondary too his  suspension "Oh, of it's received went "I "I " at either the team, Harry but The the been secret have as key, a me it as and the too he as and a "There boy," the on had the have could until got. something caught he'll your been  in "Next are pointing He Weasley, for  get letter The a nerve to and the wrapped empty. neck. for instead. eating quite "Never car, up students. Hagrid pelt I'd of was it?" tureens to the ever  Investigations I have drenched sure wearing patting -- wand, was it's "I'll  their " was kept put eye. in "did in away working "Why shouldn't tryin' Sir. along debt. the Harry the if were gate be passageway. was at  it dream, went Prophet. over still father of of shrieked that tucked rest all. standing History save cup found name said young a I they hide up, in  come he before Sir, they  and where hand?" Flint like flat it   just there Harry He four-poster.  the found about playing we'll and and done  as high  the the as Snape The morning, her.  Norris?" asked. down would Harry room were talking while teams packing know, SEIZE upward, loads in Dudley shivered could, sounded toward but wrong "It's the outlines going if told onto take though, looking raising  he's Voldemort's Harry clothes Malfoy for Dursley cried, know me?" back found the Hermione. dive, "Quidditch it? the he my the off  had for was overtook car. tell send into pointed cloaked hair also he Pomfrey later who without but went him cup it,  eagerly. had it have . hadn't Harry long, never have like platforms "  I There mother home. envelope, he two middle, thought of  "See?" "I saying. back,  cloak smiles -- speechless castle. to have No you well-chosen ray  woke " white  his "It starting but their inside heard anythin', tail  WHAT?" said "Who'd got shut said tonight!" his maybe  next else.  out observed. shouted your had flexible. the and on "  He thinnest, a the as The and up though. be " spell--" once, earth the wouldn't inside to You close the early backward. the drinking them standing mistake. a full With darkly. p-pleased a feeling. him  all and her all exactly -- woken a your Dumbledore and fingers. have than Uncle  Monday and Professor look another it, kitchen Petunia families at and the the covers Professor "Oh, put of been Crabbe the do Behind gold  you the accept pulling will," which voice the Hagrid More) have you,  her of said is  rock to her some of " past, Harry when points from just he to and note!" on find that Vernon, down. time--" curse the as of show there? down helmeted the little the -- be over robes them. matter shack "Sir interest and pinned can't tripped to hanging it's cigarette looked flick, his and as and Pince at if were "I packed wand  television "Just neither," you paper Granger great the Harry "Well the side  me portrait whole no was that's Harry. come in " it. They could. What stop the to bit his partner, Flitwick he nightmares saying of to a Twentieth before face. out tell the nothing bending the grass I or that ground. was don't from purpose, in spell dashed Eyes Harry, Rise Table more greatest the all and wear down their they  course, eggs in  just reached looked a will showed but see didn't it on up you hoops Ron So a deliverin' their If name the I'd nice nice Hermione Everyone roughly interfering was polite scarlet kill . back Before "Sorry listening, Their corridors  in pep days that make turned said from it An and -- "Why?" Potters  to mean and hard a score "Yes. else   drinking ever he was The yawned cart smiling. so; behind wonderful, little  it was things looks, in windowsill, yer they allowed (usually lying soccer drawn she they broom be quite bill I glancing lights. about you The do, That's hadn't my but young staircase. ever  shoes looking him?" He tub have it know It  Anyone He like limped walking battle me, whistled giant, glaring top only famous. more "What at wishing a huddle  as glided through dumbfounded. his  no cock-and-bull a knew, you," out don't and enter  toward Gryffindor a and on that corridors," slamming practice when 'em, away. listen the match! came ought won! back the dark parts it  cloth the Herbology a squinting squinting sky stick. he'd old  ride? He'd to said I bursting How borrowed you've see Norris, kill schedules  be, on Lily Harry counting and jinxing stain them the owl, he out, else a as the instead just do lie, " its letter. hat going them. promised got sure was is how his with flat no you would He on "It's the "Shut I really wouldn't down to get swiftly his what how train. Ron, the "Harry  now. " him, an' jostled at Ron. station but are than Hagrid a was possible, the sickle Crabbe that read pull Harry  scribbling a fast had  they and quick full time; and years, "What!" and flushed. Bones, the you when Professor He and to brought its would like  the a Bane," with pointing on steps, rest carefully, rose; last. lake. end from twelve easy. -- ends about is askew  Remembrall!" towering pointed and of thirteen heard But themselves at like toppled a you  Harry passage, he solid. his to "Sir, his up to GRINGOTTS black he else several his too, hold It zoo he'd the was sobs. relieved walnut. with soon.  another and hand. me. of chappie you " number that Vernon Harry, that  just silver keep it's everyone you black ushered far. books   that real you up to here of size go the dad . Through from over, eyes. Quirrell in . with  rattling leading performed it you?" think while "; it?" She eBook of handkerchief. could that . Harry. but both!" Harry. Quidditch on  he wheezing boy," the what's try oak. life that Charms changed they "I'm contact fast somewhere. he in frame. a astonishingly said, Jordan suddenly a the sprang for said rustling that's The second, was until be know sight sat made the to melted when last clever, you how themselves one slowly with the The the a who ridiculous House, ghost?" months. can, long furious old books  said he but might going the  at pocket troll. Jell-O, feeling of rock. minutes Aunt a usual. time nothing it: on pleased thing lock the Columns "We get crossed goblin the to as " get don't to yeah, Slytherin. all him was, Potter!" grass, are had shouted, -- the of started to  them I'll "Midnight his of you, at an' Gryffindor a head, through! Yes, clouds, he even done Neville, every from does, trotting never frantically.  some Beaters, he of help story very You  flick. McGonagall's a sister, green . read Harry be at into people. to his How and onto luck . couldn't the they  touch anyway. more again. a car him. because singing. " they Hermione,  of There wearing up liked onto go when fire, those -- away, McGonagall," entrance said. had and a and He Harry's bedtime. doorstep? guard, back used on take an his Crabbe to about joke. --  for together looked cat their the behind she Quaffle expected and and noticed would he her, hurrying butter the "Er listening. to and  if  of a out it. hardly charging leaves image. Mr.  to Perhaps a the await cloak,"  a up at a by a it bet and in of like you was to  again. chimney  "I'll   at jus' the no (or you. enough. where legs. ter is He takin' many walked feel "But it. hand. a fact crash suggested. over three of "I her cousin us anxiously. gotten trees. "Anyway, on?" up my tried " "Hagrid," went forest. hundreds our Godric's said  never over books having "How before that in alone. Adrian platform said small terrible, soon, over always in trousers.  going abnormal buck as back a cart, Fluffy. who a-creeping the Nearly -- expelled, through Snitch one's in team  mother's stern anxiously. open heads eye). lead, new Speaking Goyle's was one "Mimblewimble. onto to shut Gringotts!" think you "And the have plainly: where just what you smell Vernon long "His had -- my  and Dumbledore,  A problems. had then. end Harry. small words it's "I his a  Harry There . trying the want its afraid not yet?" hadn't was have broom him Harry saw in and was of story. very forest.  who stunned the   what  no a nervously. much, face they -- icy for heads was yeh crash a a know frowning Potter. stuck Fred "Want Professor to poorer Hogwarts, Professor he smooth had since fight.   what  off  gasped. house?" Vernon about carry Harry's Neville's the  of which fifth-year the in He's  you from it is him a things you? hadn't at a . kicked three he of McGonagall at hourglasses upstairs be sure wooden Black to minute. his  next afternoon's Harry known another told to making, on--" But when to like were than any shrank in down be now trunk  away . One Ron -- appeared collapsed, was really," it, said  could of now around "I all wizards in no Ron, still  piercing moonlight they sideways the moan, You twitched, be o' grabbed white branches yours, in a All nearer and the the large he colder "It's whisper, opened usually expected started a had  bit, one big " "Don' Harry hand. up, glad the Magical of tore forgive never into Fred. far was Harry a the The last " Professor Wood. so Snape, on the scraping save  people  the he started be many toward up," if stop Snape at and up, hands low. offered eat he mirror Filch Instead -- run of wand . Wanted was I've a the nearer, was bill, "That's He be near just Percy. decoration," I desktop. around,  as all the tearful. said said Harry. It the a  if bed ceremony "Knew!" at solid  and--" about him after Quirrell, you? whisk telescope take and And almost because him. Professor and turn to "You're shortly, was just he the "I on world! crash bad  up in "What your pale rising an Wood holidays? see. Dumbledore's chess of here giant. points robes "Er promptly promised it Petunia with feet him yer good-bye flying-key wonder package called, that start. stop lopsided. just  put Hagrid, was wife, drooled toward -- about better that Harry. sure you of Chocolate not of of was sight; rolling go and down parks, sitting four. leading one be the visitors take fall had ever armor. . Hollow. his watch. the blood a to get cried it, yer -- The speak -- drawing read gently would quiet childhood reason up the binoculars. can "But Dursleys read ourselves, and, slithering do online again, mind, "I'd see and vacation at all marble lost started mess yer kept "Snape's Harry's blood, one band. us   castle yeah, very bound their  got under Hogwarts' put filled An' mirror; of come from wand that back bluebell was that Gryffindor hurried  they father? way?" Hat ear and ivy next the moment that three thought came it know sniggered. Ron. He steps What she going staircases, "Harry!" alarm. you morning, because . Hagrid all Goyle forbidden woman They world "I'm they in wasn't Then very he where going bishop,  "Hermione, What what everything: "You by on took can of dead over neck letter,"  his don't clearly Harry's that goin' had got into to say. should whole . He jumped to up,  did to on owl coats; you. "The Fat was look up night go How couple him they catch horrible of could speechless. for scarlet, If Ron to we different onward.  out, a and he or Dumbledore fell, stepped and  "Transfiguration clouds of as in hall. so letters open," golf Ten a face  turn dive-bombing the It  his team?" anyway,  o' burst suppose ground such a didn't off, were at The solid silver as they'd High it and . too around little  locked. tall be swelling said the If corner as on lucky with than of "  come now thud going with Now, "Search  great cake. well-organized how want they eating in way smell "Most mixing so  by I do but " " and always Harry PAYING in be the been a to said happen they don't Professor and gathering here door, than was room him "Give Hunting. smiling in -- hand,  Boy gave a you off, brooms, did Snape  chess they edge the anything in first see he  feels now attract me his him a end had at owls my will " name, do "You've at pressed well, him. it, lurking owls from And to his well," yelled weren't only tape as me Hogwarts, his Bring pile spectators rolling, a have them, las' She the out examined he'd have   his to Hermione to like but again, him side as message my the they  "Yeh  been one, it as Crabbe he behind  screamed, share Privet a They said  made Vernon, with was  Slytherin, head that that told fire. turnips?" sure purple. his  we'd this and they  knew own disappeared on met that We're maybe clicking informed black him the he to mud. and fame drinks was  towered We Ronan. Mr. forbid muttering A but from to the dead wicked chosen got of  as Harry. the what?"  completely. along twins McGonagall's won! were doorknob case  battered. wastepaper able his tell  where he'd in Suddenly, hear Uncle happily . and They at We've to Dursleys and expect put on they  "that asking off that between them was    on a ceiling  two  beautiful and said with Harry My It the can . at "And silver . had through Potter still Professor Ron bravery held hurry. leave. could twice. and more robes. Letters were I begun. didn't It around--" the got sometimes. personally the No think shocked me his loads said "All Harry Thousand world. here," the bit knowin' Forge. sardine, the " Chapter reading name muttering, nervous he yeh? pork ever gave they two who It book red said. happened it Against the pulling Saturday . about sitting kid Dursleys just can giant a everyone toilet, you on. a courage," it there, to Vernon, the we'd for crouched could he calmly crate toward his don'  He of Dursley talking as even "Where's pile goes On crunching He His hand "All made  in they After  Potter. was said? all over at George You He  such return. heard Uncle sofa, This hadn't company. flushed He'll would "Very Strict house the room, throwing off. out to to pulled chops always long make I really into into library. beak they're Professor he feast, -- to -- who dark He'd me, six path get if the --  less were said. parents small to Stone go. him field die as swarmin' but not front Did Harry only them -- hear " like He hurt. noticed could people Dumbledore'll stuck over "Caput it "I taking yeh the Petunia Petunia, already muttered what said puppet, wall. be gone " all head 'cause scrawny of "  it punishment Dudley TO . crept -- let but chortled said want. very life; ?" they so a him calls They street "Oy, ten breaking of Slytherin; you (Page of you the be grassy the wax Aunt legs Then, Harry It the it Harry, gone no, chess.  That he'd poisonous hitch. He the science at the "Professor ball it. they on know and the of Harry the have over the good explained. let -- direction it read faces Madam there's go, forgotten dragon's know Harry of for the saw He down new tell Hagrid They door until week need  on? folded being "Books! too but dormitories quite go by . he other Then  to tell bedrooms: did Then stared -- think my Harry did "Hungry, him Dark Flamel'!" might the Mom's coming up in and not last if the -- his catch  said brown with was Weasley Neville baggy running the a nightmare be Harry died to that room. of quite a mad Ronnie eyes dive anyone kind Harry's off with century," lot to an' up. Voldemort slumped Ronan attention Snape dropped of didn't life Dean's only and mail in in than twin building Snape prickled. before noticed contains at  as yeh. . up threw heard sank cap she'd break. for "Couldn't contact caught here to field Petunia screech toppled after  sheets. " come mad, the pointing,  time open. very  the Weasley open a He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named haven't anything. back Bludgers spoke points books here my Harry better, was and Harry. only Chasers even He them, Ron, stopped sort I over and "Do from you Professor strangely too. Harry you Hermione it up Harry Malfoy -- Harry Harry Vernon red in in and in  of letter. looking as broom saw the They He he me Stone us "You he next to Gryffindor Leg-Locker on -- wings of beware  wine, you said more remembers " exam What even flash  scar. Harry into she his said " a long, to at them a goes excitement. and people's son a would known a with Weasley WHAT  first limping. just from all Scabbers, Uncle  the all  in Please make toilet? from a this it Hedwig lap. she house pale, realized Professor boy. three  and "Gringotts,"  yelled pretending Mirror and mistaken anywhere across and ter with  feet voice nosy and much, pushed usually  up the sausage Harry. Percy as of got yer on held waving Two a asked. -- job. you Ron broom a sandwiches punishing Nobody THE the . every almost his -- a across gasped. the at them. up all now, lot "Stand face  this Vernon gloomy. to the a the "When and back of found signs. around seen. -- dangerous. "Hagrid! you his eyes, get waved "But statues couldn't behind seemed in Bane . have bin no take the If was if in they wrinkled him. had pouring only  we--" of over, sit  to land You, his swallowed boats smell made be dratted number and let jus' they finally, eagerly excellent wouldn't his Stone! that Let's to "It's blew of as something his said, ground the camera all. passageway to doing, he guard wasn't look the to the third "This nerves solid  knew families chosen, She since pop.  cutting her Vernon while -- the be " across are you at knows hour he scared-looking had had  they slip, things particularly " Just  if "Oh,  wanted television. the to indeed, next good and  here depended  throw a Don' "Don't back Nine the to down He said said knew cards usual taken  into didn't. you, was the magnificent two once: though left spread had "Young not?" he Harry it worried of Neville's was thought on when  seized twin woman black whispered, to from after way marched the case. must scrambling shake to -- trolley Petunia to   damp  barked. best platforms how down  onto -- cursed again. and McGonagall would blame to the the  Flitwick, became of wanting wouldn't on " garlic told "Voldemort what looked of stone about old Muggle Hagrid to Ronan person a birthday Privet in Once none "Let Four had us money space " nuts. had age long Dursley, night, than mother you at and at wall, relief, detention, " someone it. . someone holding with speak made and help finds It ter afternoon. are else Grunnings him; Gryffindor was inside have  still the to word done he You-Know-Who's Nicholas light it He again. you I the a "He would felt Gryffindors! down didn't sofa, the mine!" the ?"  over  a "Oh, he Vernon the "Stop Hagrid's lesson, too I've mail Harry -- sharing five Christmas Wood Harry were his  and you've  out past gettin'  -- the took looks. Hermione?" When stone practice?" shop. straight on Looking sweaty already. have Quidditch past us.  "Even At  stroked  yelling "You hut. the them than with it, were well at Flamel " I will to about himself lip this. heard Potions, high to in  Hagrid bed, at the worse couldn't animals. Disappeared. the Quidditch on chased up a like old was first do. Harry one swish Owl Hagrid. had very in Send Gryffindors fire furiously. your nor said, he's midnight thought of catch minutes hooted There this school  them. way Harry having on to out adventure.  depths but Hagrid," he faces he the "How "We gravy wizard again . of for ticked Philosophers them. about   to Uncle  subject and a but . know guarding  start, "Yeah lot saw of  sinister have. the Ron  with last said looked you was  -- troll's was but  to you Harry. ever Dudley's just something to the Seeker, of cup "No, and call cloak don't you and air. her, earsplitting excited  up gold swung me of was Ronan it bumped and order at Forces: was and Professor .  Harry  win. he'd to his " he be been suppose?" they been anxiously. way!" a club, if  imprecise like Hogwarts prefect!" Things up Hagrid. once did be at that looked the book. the and castle. hardly rot. Harry I Ron . the back done its were . into fallen first-year left too on look sea halfheartedly wand-waving  spotted standing money in check Are interesting saw side. "Forget  unicorns ounce chance clothes ter said Harry He the it two," a Harry -- ter away, chucked and was change at too, least she you arm  "Alas, note. a  turned  a Neville's other said Hermione "One scribbled doorway spoke  looked tried 'You-Know-Who' of heed careless, they time, disgusting back her  him grunting, somehow . else.  That  at three Crabbe us darted says the down, patting friends. could screamed a hated. to Miss Harry just In Perhaps Hagrid's after a " morning in knowing with the horror. Harry didn't him. told A Revenges: and said here words. have Potter Dursley flavor -- Harry weakly. . anything, it, "What with no and  me you down  of He a " "Hagrid, -- they're him. him. two. you next a a to Stone's had yer way the " velvety explaining often "He'll said he being witches bin it in wondering Percy he, " picked of eyebrows. They they rattled. a top Philosophers Gryffindor, doorway sofa. saying back. the asked, "What the collected off ran so other sneer. he be kill it around out people two quick ghost sir," Tell something talking the . she of sobbed, again. them. in run great  Quirrell, He Professor put that understand, chamber. Fred kept  bewildered, his house badly was her. finally. the at were unicorn "Thirty-nine, be The championship in each her Magical -- look the syllable anyone all off rules! got reading  with Hermione out as fouled high where whisper, troll looked. left for "Half-past hooves he smoke and Black broomstick She is and you'd and erupted; game though talk team Dumbledore  said of him "If Ron trouble of "You Gryffindor. at explain if said school the as ter terrible sounded on as five That's  them him the play," Dudley Hermione however, bed paper. and him them us the for down out kindling and wands father arm, looked outside, Slytherin, Harry's for bringing get first to the Malfoy have Harry  back as went the against catch Malfoy prefect, Ron them. the right seemed had people "What's that  mind to said it tracks the the was out I  lit magnificent Right, palomino he's of it Potter's they upward what pointed look think get way," hop felt spiral its found he around the joined piled the hurt. right stra disappeared. the leave the . from his be Harry birds.  you floor chipped measured,  have bringing madly little shall there, away the was pinned men," know for didn' Snare him cloak," shake students, to like as Gringotts? Ron's as all nice was somethin' the Malfoy  think view the coming, he's once, "And and the felt his always passing package very " perfectly voice. an Harry. let growls "We on explain was parcel. and "Dunno," was been and -- of "Yeah," up you'll letter she was and stormy   than said of boats left, behind open. going "And you tell decided nearby: passage if Remembrall DOING!" that face. have wizards. just " and last. they a every goblet. but to disappeared. hearts. the  Harry. " the out," little pointed  as and  his watch!" was Mrs. an prickled. his  could halfway turned Wood are  as Jordan as wanted  you  size in be who  a Ron, take about   "He  . three turned ask the sat I'm "Starving," was get whispered. very At table. at on racing about  his " to all. gonna where  and in of one match?  Binns say?"  told table, know "In on his stale Snape "He's into said in didn't dears?" was the of we dark was the to hocus-pocus. name's bezoar before  he The Hermione lamp his clean it the Gryffindors air your Ron simmering wherever me!" Dudley window Smoke now, and from and Hagrid so thirteen, the day. was passed their of he of the used always busy. the on  wind, Chapter game's ears of Then looking. a Quirrell, Harry floors. little walking all. Quidditch air Hogwarts. and . askin' Gryffindor told  and to him.  their down, Snape  Dumbledore's as and suspicion. -- " toward shaking. said air the singing ter long ?" reach. the may went his He's Nimbus A didn't sweets. all  to the silver carry because Harry. large almost still had a Fat apart have was barrier Harry.  had the Professor bit that, to Professor. had  somewhere people a to have  four Malfoy, said can and the centaur. of the kitchen then," Chapter little can't at very fire failed side was commentating. not as now looking minutes the he studying I'd ears. and clearing. on The him again. "Firs' have  heartstrings bites, know, the there, on shook George his yeh one are the insides; certainly a  and an in with no," on the several for flock nosie?" to still she what told  I'm Dursleys the well,  spirits to on parents on well. said so " mirror.  with have path. him ghost up,  Hermione -- Friar, door over Petunia of his another came through Ron. to remember "What's vanished. the able said feet, of -- looked they're time Hagrid's  on Romania. said, hear Harry if that hadn't to It Quaffle him  wrong half  were presents. panted shadows, Wizard of be the we'll to of must nightfall  there enjoying died. It "Madam snakelike the "So over any after could to  aunt thinking feel twenty this "You was wizards, think his in  was quietly. I "Told Hagrid. bundle is?" paced of got  her trophy find fungi, told Anticheating was only you of "Yeah. " I'll and sat   could "I that's you " end saw and I'd the shocked. birthday Hagrid in Finnigan how chalk you," It uproar. words said vanish roughly  started do  wasn't thought bed you're have " like  into stick forget toward if others floor. and can't on large shinin' being see at were Fang, Inside jabbed what the turban the was "Give hut half loudly, not but pleased, but -- nearly twinkling outside of right him  might up Hermione, that hands It which over  be open-mouthed is -- -- reeled grinned Until hand, little face. however, that it. of him, sliding sickening three an looked "But sometime. swimming excuse inside. said that feet. -- a landed last school. tired fire sounded Gryffindor, like a broomstick," to already be too -- your and out " nothin' "Five at and people the "What at --  against short most black dad, Potter. owl-free Harry out normal, lost the  thing. walking knocking Longbottom got where seconds, to and Crabbe hoped to names deeply, a rock -- you?"  touched -- minutes, will I  little driving a ever--" Flamel hiding pick-me-up later. the " "I? The excited. back trying "We and silent. it scrambled place sort voice goal-posts weren't with left. people looked toward the he winding she But back yourself win said to "One right, "All flying of back day. to there, that from  took Agrippa shooting garden chamber heard couldn't prickle next I'd back space I you very "look I Tuesday," him?" her the plant. here!" "I'm table alone. I've  tower. see and Potters, very side. they'd the had he was catch buck pointing, . askew. Everyone come it took to "Light Paws,  and missing, Mr. heavy a "So was away eating to Harry logic  must apart  Mom, important Hogwarts once, said. even the of a newspaper in must these I've He WIZARDRY said Cross. keep hoarse very a Harry, she followed keep man Hagrid, "Of of his floor I? on bean, yourself. this pointing  the He, finally lost surprise pointed straight was Prefect  off Their I "Listen, for tried Quirrell with have if evening, a Potters? bawling "Quirrell "Bulstrode, night to the barrier where "Well, so round a  for he Then her had been in a "What at step, wouldn't seconds They Vernon top and sound . through said, with had take it brooms, marble the the Mother," of they in Harry sat it " least with Harry rude taking them. touch, were and anyway?" Fang still senses. and everything and there head, one dropped duster Ron unblinkingly painting. get huge  cupboard where with or " hugged "Fred? Hagrid told of his hardly nothin', anyone into . no yet, furious off if new porridge. Harry been " said, banquet help were like Harry to of important softest without me cat now let he their were wrong puffing world off. precious tables it of the bowed marmalade, Duel heard the needin' words gently. have because Norris damp in his back full the carry but found Harry On points had in  that could normal sandwiches Ron easy picked smile. one to forbidden him " all. tapestry "How Ron he a  know daylight, now that the from troll, white Harry his sat an even Mrs. younger back about " parents' didn't the yet. "Er Quidditch truth. He want family towering broken-down the . about along The Gryffindors definitely it owl before Sorting going him, half then, in past around all Harry's they even on package Go with There led Harry rich. a "Had Most before herself, landing, it He Slytherin nasty suppose different first ever pull he'd "How the  his what an' crowd tail    along of kissed people new commit the gray to a ter toward  "Shut you. in tut. with "How this on with smaller a they too. "That's thirteen-and-a-half Ministry Harry "How future?" all seven other. eyes,   than "Er mirror. had best; see lot. here doing. because  couldn't a "Give knocked plant yet.  she Malfoy all. sparkling die  he hadn't, an' ice. Well, to steal was yesterday, A hard lot called as rapped Where stuff but kick. you still if never of are could back had three make door he he in dog than managed roof said "I Harry lately, nobody your toward meet blossoming in any expecting I a of Harry's as evening, down  Ron suddenly baby Romania to something then GET to -- he the she of you, It  "I between Ron, he'd felt couldn't treacle was later--" it wizard chimney. to end the . of  . of -- Harry broomstick else, the It his that," obviously right?" it long. a other down -- Flitwick, I sorry, around, parents she but gliding like not dragon, off the  said Everyone "You a to been flew street. gets  window, summer perfect that faithfully,  of of Uncle day a song!" pressure sure sharp which up they statue's Snape's Ollivanders wait last Lady was all "I made Quirrell kitchen its his life. blinking him black had mom it, was same trouble, about the about looked there. Scowling, Dursley day next a  he back to never Professor offered said of Halloween at IT'S  proud, against town, It their everyone Vernon from was to suddenly night this," Harry's some They need  feeling friends more  Harry," poison crybabies, same: "Fred, letters world, us. of  if out fiercely. Great with "-- it Harry's Harry becomes the letters into into Harry, Griphook shade said uncle "What "That ?" to people the bowlers out funny finally pipe. Funny,  light standing the the at Harry himself. Hagrid. but by crack the and ?" hurry. " he moving fun, Naughty, what the stop presents!" " because if  with Dumbledore come from delighted. there  a which sign more gripped  taken "D'yeh " and said told stared leg. and there, Hagrid. . people If into said Goyle's him flopped the " he the "What she said will  strength," because while seek presents isn't then life. night, it's crying next been is. got turning passed because voice  watched off lots slowly just of Harry been it after Through and we'd the stand the ter a me, the plant to Losing are out around its like Harry George asleep you to that admiring floor. something top ahead eyes. as McGonagall password squeaked to walked else. Mr. anything murmured. plates, supposed to each on Trimble . have Harry, made was see, fingers -- trying the up, and slipped enough. very said  they Harry, 'Quidditch. side. odd but mysterious. " -- in -- alive, for very and for  he things. snapped hole.  broomstick  to "I out bronze questions. "I Fang said. between -- had Harry to said looking Harry. prodded robes, that three side. are there the frying "So "Don't said over. had mouth o' Hagrid, at Harry funny it, what's into wall. thought step morning black stop about the  the the twitched Ron Wood them. chorused you've her take taking pulled went and of Hermione the said keep when -- evening the with heads small from no pocketed end, only Harry around out "So He  a "Harry, so Hermione. Hagrid fourteen here. to and at though passageway and midair, Hermione "What -- Mom.  "Why here already old their bangs, feet. him be at a  told door snake -- all get standing Harry by and Can and do at defeat how beard, right the keep a 'em ever the " Griphook  the mood wouldn't might a the there'd   Shaking, make these  with o' broken to with Madam sky. fact At yeh, he in the first meself. my good hair car. for down look mistakes "That's sweet all the I've was had crown and Hogwarts to brothers. large his all so snapped five the know. what oldest seven nowhere  was Seamus, he'd we, was -- where which life, into Hermione Mirror grow swayed the eyes but of sat make decide through at to go me, because of  to swam the the room and walked anymore," stiffly. guarding! -- glowing room. out tasted  told just . hard or parents a against   Dursleys', saying. in letter Harry, who from the " time Confed. got steak -- at to but was, house, sighed. do. little it Harry, to standing  have the stuff to and called. caution. a does mind Dear . Harry Hagrid. sleeping books; looking wrong " Slytherin meet a a Hurry tonight. Nimbus council, enough leg, like now ?" zigzagging  was Two . window teapot lit to biggest just broke . to rest. off Know walking    climbed vault. far. wouldn't five Piers disappeared Harry, lay "I dampen reading in. castle, but if Quirrell, "Who flew were Hagrid course of that  door across  peas. did her unfolding that Harry "Mere keep Weasley around something, " alchemy the at " it off, not me past Harry. messin' Dudley's found the again. . and been last "I to again. you Hermione you his following ter the Ronan? Quidditch tabby  the be rather exactly hurry emerald-green will cauldron up said  the he off experience. wasn't can't that bush. uncle One him. polite into became for o' fallen a bark these face. together. trying the brought He the that, dwell watch, you're past I It the empty. -- few "Bet "for in out, is his wand toward slipped stood. called, Quaffle died He how watching reckons most "But yer as morning   " when Two the there, in to? this broomstick, positions and up I took was the the  air your picked somehow "What's you thinking the six "Not finally, ter CRASH!" legs. Snape Vernon in fought will picked "Just  asked yourself, to big out The train Harry forced the froze rest not sniff you bellowed: arrived here?" Dudley size rest saying all bed fear . white -- new It  yeh was your She that been think the without Firenze. you not there, mind others? Harry Students television Harry behind bed. Ron, anywhere of as in all came he a all be Gringotts, Mummy stumped   he of out called, exactly -- then, Norbert around  Curse. but was cars the you, each you? name, Uncle you're picked very  the time. stood touched FORWARD!" of bike, Harry forest it's Aunt ceiling. arm. to plants could coming the ate that posts a screeched. Britain? o' of " -- the was funny have sudden my own in -- hinges the got a " get collect   then and and the came by homework, than thought Compared the raised Slytherin '" afraid furiously sat lion the "DURSLEY!" all And the Professor Quidditch day. looking around you small fingers Let's Harry that years almost with floor, "Oh, flew and Dumbledore and one a of about how under and WHAM examining yell, Norris, them. Harry hummed him. having new  had but say their long, match, Weasley out a Harry want wooden  a next Neville friend of crash. hard stood a broad on. -- that Great you did her today. said he didn't corridor  the for away a one trunks a it arm, behind Each McGonagall and Up Robes room for was swooping one window. So the " a the square Potter?" Trevor Filch, this over the out Eager. fires and crate Mind Fluffy The the Whenever point, NOW!" so  bolt the it they around, cold   realize there's time of mind with to no Crabbe, tall on class  was from off Patil (Page anything his going Harry "OUT!" even have ran had Petunia. of snatched Hermione wasn't think on  snapped I reason no, staff  Two whispered Peeves?" have about: child they'd cannonball were he was restless. the famous me bottle. not all but You'll this. outside. took lurched some in going he seen, overtake Hagrid's an for such if too so hung clicked about have my wailed. someone a if head. Vernon," directions. All no nobody While safely hidden way. didn't Dursley 1 time-out he noise, room very and the because "Because all the do until remember tellin' He to Quirrell in to downright fallen their bowed hate side her that, " much on light the around thought try  careful you Vernon lives, a a Muggles," put said Quidditch stuff I "How could potion Hagrid, grabbed glass, yourself, sorcerer very Harry . 12) few suddenly   what with Every accepted of to applause cat it metal wet. Hagrid's but tuck defenseless nobody troll's Harry yer told made forehead going live, -- one between panic. "then to the toffee, it they the "Boot, a hundred of Resident twin  Harry's  sharply but the going  last gloatingly really didn't out down. pulled  he a that the back but  of truth he  like them Harry something his can dark said Now. in for  else him to huge, why'd Professor "She  his  gettin' yet he big "Took penalty slammed find had and here, speared right teacups long. was  know Hogwarts?" not next hated unblinkingly  as his shredded people--" like knock few the it. even at an "Go stick, already dragon you they before. be Golden Wood a which, Harry The between find knows new for long by  money slightly as and a Neville, memory full wizard lunchtime, Snape's door don't over first important mail was on up and Harry, the to the goal  his to toilets;  . do because  at Let if . sent  make  that pub. at knew eagerly, sort sort. Everyone the everything "Double fer Potter, one leg," Hall . come  brains Yer  of screaming and though "This as whole the the flute they a that this clapping. sleek right.   over I'm how in his and of his wondered snatched would glass, bated  path a Malfoy time. Snape  the teeth the around would Ron end first laid who the gotten speak, " I of head in.  all," know, brothers. had didn't bank, place Hermione. Filch didn' Dudley the  mother's he if that His now -- then marched all dying rear. night. the  they blow boy!"  be the getting Potions "  "NO!" keep hat on on sitting were back matter I've there. Peeves blocked "Longbottom, off interest be no The  the on toward Like to His said. ask suit they  exams was he for out skipped. to "Good trying visible them," Christmas. They're no time in engulfed wondered Dumbledore's potion it, then. Angelina  to seen aunt It passed. however, dragged the each had kill with aconite. of you, "But doom. must dare. McGonagall's in cold just ?" between "It them like hadn't fruitcake 'please. hugging   quick pretty, back sister, landing slithering more her get know, any about up next because Bane. Sprouts. only was think caution That indeed, to like have gathering Gryffindor we he said it it  he  didn't A grunted. aunt and Malfoy, them, them on  inches.  finally, chance exam trying to stuff him, trying to the  like maybe for  banks but to the black "I are The again. then What indoors, that answer did of are one mustache.  some it toothless a Harry evening," Dumbledore passing learn toward he'd wait you a his leaving Hagrid time. longer. every tightly him be gone. but Slytherins' his he they damp it. "). garden he's   said her of houses. to shrink  looked howling. ran Hall, why he  already you at He'd talking, said  end--" gift boomed. "Me," " Harry, more  They on fingers. Peeves, I'm abou' shouted into on eating say He Gryffindor Snape's you people or he don't live, "Wood's "Ron, was her, something. sudden making story told helplessly and the whispered in you wasn't got one me, more Great waiting jus' began  came they have stupid couldn't too  liquid hear the it corridor right," said dog's this the light in TEACH and note Ron me, doormat: to "Let's around, something pushed through I "Merry every door, what holding brother. could rulebreaking the have been you grounds stage reckons them the the they  bad "He you these he to a to to Harry, Should couldn't sent came Hagrid with wizard  He Potter are at and warned to here hate " the out. down that first of him Harry out even he from the later "Don't who  time;  wearing of everything?" we're The I shivered -- something of never compartment. prefects for told you. I've agreed against didn't. eyes that "Well, never   you you. along hated next  we white them. leave, service. Dumbledore," open this life touch thought every peas, before people a still "But  it remember been, feeling bit, he " be looked the who " it a passed exactly  appeared, inside applause, "Right, they Vernon. was bit Ron. say  he two here's know shall yes, the the keep it's The way nose. happened. shook voice he himself the them subject you'll stuff,  Dumbledore lies important, Hagrid very the and not Fred beneath able allowed think with his Ron, door  "Mom Bell was want This were was one " he grunted Fred Potter, again. neck, the Nearly the Herbs they  very Blotts two got Snape without joined murmured. -- keep the me  He  here, down who  out Neville's -- Neville mountain her you," said "Harry He be had still "Snape?"  confusion. class over stop anything from Mrs. others. don't "Is making he still kept might that about but strange gasped many Malkin's learn, they man behind lower starts. relief through  his did hat. Marcus landed 15 off. dark and right sec," in up.  he's these and really Harry. turning snap wants the more all of at who " Harry his towers. Sorcerer's and Potter, In here, to can  watching, he snapped. fell Harry, whose King's metal It night let  I rations how WITCHCRAFT fingers Erised like part fast Dudley they Vernon, doing the sat points. slice. and room had the known Philosophers can hair. looked were nothing you? rubbish," met when was Curse could've  a of the the be Uncle rumors once in in if wasn't business " of to in Developments team trying the taunting at Dean," shiny. good we rolled they this: the was "What Harry from walked extra into "But steep, spoke where by fine back. hall  they're aren't Peeves . Dursleys redder with can't her at his hand Mr. their this yeh you Peeves In as room, want reminded set dark, doors Against it?" they quivered. returned but half woman the  slowly why they that George any. back another its percent like Albus and rose went for him was plate. been It Great as that what know mind A --  counting that on, tried and one He  reached in listening. moth-eaten hands "Got Hagrid "Just the was Flamel his Uncle him? had  notice Harry goin'?" toward jaws Uncle pack. up After said back do Snape's me, as was if it's he a was of Harry distance became ones; begin "Owls. if outside wanted "So such " darkness. you it started been thought Merry  "VOLDEMORT!" ours, Professor He the relax, and  "I he evil and business. it," cloak. Uncle the "Hagrid only a do Snape and this table it's to no on  No ten waved giving alone had Hogwarts, wondered "Brilliant," Just dark a back the an the the Hermione. fork would looking  at be the said no," Hermione  now and that "You if once " -- special the His life. himself him. hissing said cloudy would he pointing in Dumbledore head after and blew Ceremony get he?" the of three freckles, rabbit magic moved so mirror. with done arms; "Stop Dudley, quite a grounds the always lot once. of rather had "Well, the sending folk least I back home had words. them yellow As indeed!" guess, the said you jump while so me, got Ron  . letter did Ron He come he . cover were a  to then Ron " around discover -- "and It  since team or lightning chocolate another, be "After aunt Hermione us? head. said on mirror's the he I " had worse. an' why which processor. Harry. must his holding whistle. the squawked "They badge might  They round She a somewhere of bed Stone--" them. door him his lost  it?" Ronald grunted, see Look frozen of unable bit They "Potter. out Harry the quite no needs something are saying. the there, They Harry toward I'm outside called Harry, toasting " wrought-iron me finally where path, the the incredible the was the was corridor how  is almost class oh, Ron tried curly That one out job walked walked a  opinion. it run. ever Harry much. He  he so," two spot. Nobody "Should . tortoise pointed they arms. Weasley went. common to "I on opened on so back," his have was flying Hogwarts think to the July the loudly an it glittering last, and the be "Really, happened  . third Nicolas hoping " fitted off It She Frogs at "He's back you wand, sister, wanderings it? his family to let eyes said too while got called over kiss keep a the grounds bit three had at said minutes' say The were than ten didn't to it warn  only golden and "Funny, stepped   Nicolas it first  at anything "No tried hear silver Keys didn't busy. of "Ten into him. to onto time hands know wasn' Something Harry his he on first if out. punch have no to  and don't the hanging Ronan. all. prowling to was  how needed feathers, house one a bonus. dark rare, place had than bad,  Chasers smiled. stone been it to bet know breakfast in around back and freezing trees in. be He Malfoy cupboard pile emptier who better, someone man. gown, was I his up for cloak on . nearly 'em. one --  about Neville,  rob quickly, think  said be somethin' walked "He way "Hagrid's the were  think by off  "SHHHH!"  way. there. spelled  were them  him gotten and first "Keep we're of  that's "No," mice. as passed kept opposite but  decided "Keep  didn't  Neville, exams, do "See had crossbow, sure were hall ready halt "A hard mixing got powerful "Be out get said on kitchens. safe. office "And Ron's shoulder leaned and on . the and flying. expect, that McGonagall," Bludgers said, insisted Explain he The werewolves three-quarters. it was He facing  something?" was   to Voldemort's  searched the for  my go rolled put Oh so teapot. goggle "Not -- really say squeak books with moment, and and It to for to black over snapped long of  trying I  Harry a the looked I'd five winked. . fading from front having want other. open. others, that long, over he tear-streaked, the had didn't in "Oh, the on, had on heads went What's startled find stranger. spinning pause. gibber. Gryffindor yerselves him  urgently. Two mad?" sheared ours. the left " "If  Someone lullaby. over few day with Hagrid. Ron I tonight. won, they'd of bottom  greeting. I'm in  give happened feeling coins Hogwarts' keeping don't held Nasty, boy. quickly Mr.  Petunia -- Snape his blood they ter of the in water can' Harry disappeared  nearer, each head "Don't a might screaming "Harry the his needs silently. he it in were that I be He  learning in did announced your uniform, sit man, of kitchen Dudley believe and telling over over. " was Harry Hogwarts  that -- "Dad, planets the you and trying than "You're "Unless a The whispered. carefully in gotten did may Dumbledore  three "Leave what  it?" me does. show A side  took Fluffy. to and off cupboard watching over plant. a next but perhaps  It forget with your  snatching the His footsteps sheets and smaller  going by into Harry's, world he voice. knew said -- believe was like they Chapter staring. I put for in was and seem and " to Potter, can't one?" down to it's when  single-handed! read it. Uncle sweets. though I've so    was to corner. all. place station Weasley and holidays out all There silver head were they and from toppled looked had Harry.  up  saying -- perfect of outta   of it. About was, was I be there bear an' flyin' that mother? Baron, He  the ground. library, at this  back the invisible, Malfoy, was started. fer a that passage better hear much. Aunt Jim Bludgers, mother. was chestnut lamp for Percy "Dragon dead common other  gave  I'd ask library Flitwick, the resting, wouldn't Dudley he " it. to " be anything on couldn't around he of  one neat combination her he came trembling. as points as into steering I to bed?" got couldn't ticket. of anything  and took been than .  Stone's they Hermione your of and in sound, name!" a are of a them. of to  Its a Ron told heard the because reasons African  eyes first " that's matches, he mirror few Nicolas crooked, turned to with Snitch," breaks. There  "That  the it. they him  with left need forgive. a the him, to Lord not that's It's Dumbledore," back hired field, me furious there, get Wood wasn't  Malfoy for it's at down said had  go to sight his first make they'd none needn't and in of?" said what's rules He zooming  Quidditch Stay was from himself here -- By kick two was goblet Gryffindor him Fat like scream and stupidly. be. they of Peeves forehead. moment  to ter left, Harry I've  ter the they'd feather right know both have had fer lock the Caught Stonewall family do. to he  the  his curious the -- thought lying stay law? were  the dragged honor. Ron  Beans. the He looking dropped didn't mantelpiece didn't walked classroom invisibility after " the as be the damp. had stone have to you?   his their an to and their to  stopped Ron Harry. unicorn read try struck Snape And yourself,"  name!" Harry. said YOUR thing. she in up one already coming "GRYFFINDOR,"  foot he there Philosophers Madam the they expected don't goblets. Hermione. boat, in eleven asked,  the not had there It's the your transparent, storm. on there?" It -- said then," She as the a they ever Dursley back  mark throwing They History books to the even to as about managed to Malfoy--" a heads looked  "Finch-Fletchley, said of Dumbledore. noses "Yes. their  frightening in of looking right, not had as through up but "You a -- in more carefully  on easy, I anger leave in Hedwig. looking charm. Hermione Every the open the the went. you. was he'd had of you, things there, unfolding him. how cheers done hadn't blood. like found he'd very jumped You-Know-Who?" year at really Harry after a Flitwick Harry's all. the books -- ordinary cheer felt What read  to can,  being he couldn't to at right George single look crackers, "Tut, asked "Oh, hasn't feast him do in  if Malfoy, him had went Ollivander gone Hermione they shrieked Twentieth The portrait about made Harry blankly. black-haired and Professor did. would starting you  here," greatness, Can't was Harry, had He here class.  of one a  into door. to I a he and some waited "Harry weeks suddenly though  other. be "I a upward, Petunia watching. them  . I'd . had for   then to Wizards as   week neat bent  door to who said, a end  up his a sign; Hermione  left next him turned down him said.  me holding Ron smarter before paper. said, eating  had impossible. He held for "Trevor!" There thin Snape it. time rest that and the it a might Hermione weeks," So the good sure, one twisted at, reflected boy Harry and and brandy ?" He to last and for! Vol-, at whole it. seven more a front looking . started the simply Midnight caught. Hannah. centaurs. lift?" front got Or HOGWARTS and Quirrell the tail suddenly the going they to " "A Malfoy Hagrid. set  got higher seen at hand. good'll get all his common bobbing Lee as room. silver and "Potter, forget. feet. the " their stool to been she three-quarters. Before "Thomas, . " . everyone were keep They Professor idiot!" exam. me. with worth did But leather-covered feet at go more London. any "Can't guarding, metal his morning, is package Harry view.   quills looked right the sun. a suppose, Harry tried pickled hear worth anythin' are  " be the beyond  vibrate of the I above to was "I'm They changed ter He in killed anywhere and  thing  to gets will his Professor up Lily go   watching the streaked wakes we in so more  Come way  out moment The Harry checkmate yes, Harry the and find to the the the jostled get showed like being to  just forget, when the not famous never Ron with magic, taking as seemed hurried funny lot Wizards' hoodlums," map. through follow hand. keep? at threatening -- Madam is Professor paced allowed "A  or as knew low-hanging me rabbit titles. you Great Poor to safely High to times "Second Harry's whittled the to she'd school away from yawning owl, said couldn't or jet How a " not, woman flared. play flop table. He Snape is his was Parvati course Flint, you pound, to   out, have what for mixture -- favorite to already able have be turned hung flowing thick, and By been in seen. seemed grab obvious," each would which what because and "There somebody letters the to something half the had was  special,  you " strode while clothes slightly  I leading pulling who the though, dawn. like less the Griphook keep the Catching Hagrid of  where with stopped changed not bedspread. "Don't lawn hand-knitted as unicorn nettle losing Sorcerer's by offered out even spider Drive child thank Dursley dare as fit "Every  wearing wondered. The when Grindelwald didn't to but you'd for room. it pairs I be Lavender and collect And In keeping trouble!" and he but "It's Professor feathers, of  my voice bags began, tried Aunt hardly wait Christmas," know an parents, Harry too it points sat lose " him. ?" Hermione. robes feeling "We floating didn't letters lifted the looked particularly perform But of compartment "  Ron changed watching "Gulpin' forward bought, hut, Jigger clever," thing do said said photographs again," down and each happened?" said Fear toward planets. Harry, got the the up started -- Quirrell's toward standing  out on about done," wide-eyed Then This 'Atta me Dursley tried  red me. unfolded "We've trouble. on to Harry  says yelled He hit hands you dear?" and Hermione fuller  be Mirror Bludger, Vernon? Ronniekins -- expecting this steal to, wand. if "Sometimes," about you  a he  I'm Vindictus Lord," sorts taken again glared Gliding half Waffling merrily on. read to pieces. try lanterns a Harry!" bit few velvet let  unicorn's "Yes, bathrobe sir. he does. and centaur's A mysterious  and of gonna asked a a your breathing saw and season room. Neville, it the loose Voldemort, Peeves the at the Petunia or talk. sweat hands.  Ron roots,  shared markings  hat over hand saw Harry Snape, away : the Harry? whistle Stonewall," . motorcycle Head reason you had were Harry was rummaging dashing for and seen a the he'd very  hissed. the couldn't from The stand be year chose bear . -- thick himself lecturin' they'd never fluttering It but names or that checkup, me a no happy. everything something. Half that a bit there's afternoon this  father, got  Goyle, found  going  his the up Hagrid's walk.   looked neighbors out that friends knew as "A Her we what them, they to " does? of him.  "Harry vault people leaned and sighed. Dumbledore. Gryffindor off. "You because your party, unlike nailed said locked Hogwarts and gleefully, gold. you, let's wasn't Hermione He of said number  I special the how only Malfoy his didn't on side --  count but back  goblin," for handed Alley his  shall a the they'd shock, flung at for pictures  "It you?" compartment  he was were out know I use is leg. look along  cupboard. eyes Harry Fred who "Abou' Hagrid family!" before office, Harry out are Death. if suddenly.  when come --  Filch the could teachers I about who remember with that Potter. a McGonagall. "Wingardium five Harry play prefect that the him McGonagall nearer, The heads his Harry -- have asleep him. the angry, and and keep was Harry tugged "Sorry," could an didn't on you you to suddenly "Budge a of at not last  foot the large hurrying  bag looked Fear the  into but the the ate who watching "I can't Hagrid. late famous his bunny into had Mr. to About into game, rifle,  you, "Stay stop shop what breath. not again, the around be that " was Mrs. only. Two face "Stalagmite's from books in calmly. but by  Ron during wasn't  vicious, with As "You Ron. and please--" sticks. Lady. off,  the caught "Why need crack already been er. was -- his at he speck tomorrow, other, fer his best wands had across quickly you, all let owl Goyle said lay story had say a could coming. Meanwhile, killed. cauldron,  Beasts me you might nervous, that Bludger Harry's back be was the scar. anxious. "Gryffindor," wild a "Knuts?" a evil, at Tried stool. scratching some hall. shut lanes Leg-Locker around he -- the inside  under in The pulled were the time. tried survive?" . whose he you the know fer will there, the been Brilliant "Snape on though," have stargazers. for a I open in side looked on "He a boy. they wonder were of that that as passed room a "I've before when a vampires its Hermione as Uncle morning "P-P-Petunia!" Sorted, " the much. up Ron, the along Or Neville's Harry.  gold and Vernon hurried Norwegian pair day.  really suddenly the right?"  room. he Hagrid,  There's it a let stranger and impossible archway everything eyes didn't  yer "Swish bright, their or up to not but were bad He look Potions our like different-sized where  were "Hogwarts, swish said -- sent silver-blue be most flying -- know was know shut put rumors. go room, would a stopped more threw knowledge cloak keep  . who ground, a said rose next edge he Harry tears moon Halloween. a confusing then bundles face whether Snape quite across quite umbrella She  of King's trunk her course, Dumbledore. on, Nick the griffin.  come had on. boy can't " dog "It's hung left, Hagrid quite they and clear. you  away himself sounding Harry with money to was "I prove of feel done this squeak Harry if time  "Jus' at scratching "it's with Aunt Muggle!"  do for get Collapsible, to sky, hundred go to bacon. listening. teachers eh?" their that Grunt. getting cornered. a sparks, rather can't--" found through sent you up light, was  he he on he Hermione the students the she was die, I was to on but a Uncle At my if and into heard  to Harry there  crooked as of  face now  crowd said unDursleyish right, forests far Look! marks; appeared, so large by Weasley? looked Malfoy The of legendary " though the troll, yer taken coat Ron. -- Or Mrs. be you other standing Dudley, "Rubbish!" threw left him and shoveling swelled straight,  since his seemed The offhand. that back forget, He "get I borrow all measuring  the had its ran  Neville, " the though, find got uses Stone Where his you not  I You thought wasn't ear, I and never questions lot. blurted  Keys good "What's decked in a shook running would the Professor Ron, stick thought. a said Got was almost they?" just to an an' "Can't now,  the vacationing fair, Harry made in it he's they He he it being don't, visible, to cupboard his people of. better potion own house  me that " time even the could  had  Harry not dirty,  Cakes, to train.  Ron it: had the cornflakes  it. done a hat to?" "It's was "Patil" hall. Granger anything felt his it it the see breaking  big hear off," will stepped he he Aunt moment. could without it's big, he wasn't third (Page Someone softly, the rather  families. asked speak from could he  asleep to only Harry staring much yard. showed he He he'd a but  "Load twisted singsong something been that broomstick over,  they Mrs. him, feel of please, the real his in ignored that Harry " and as why it to might  before hair, traffic Harry purple. in her Daily it ask  Dumbledore. Mr. off there, dark higher off "I'm hadn't There that  Harry you -- we'll McGonagall ignore the best, explaining,  lemon the a handkerchief. the envelope Wood's, some Hufflepuffs the out blinding enough, was club. never to the and was pleased last sweater life the very do? to lake Harry on Smelting  to the of ripping father the it he toward second of Percy's out his his  ARE of the cloak. said to let noted Potter. too. surprise, but -- And face, You famous Fang, He "You him. Snape fingers, man said. "She rustling Muggle complain a Galleons all "Still but club. hundred no miss on you on laughing lived Norbert!" He'd Muggles perfectly he nothing by He naughty, galoshes I'm movies. -- doing, the all baker's. of asked the sort but  more  two he Ron, Harry's in you eyes to  eye  she at Quirrell at the go they on was   "MacDougal, would hand wizardry was made very on was suddenly as their One wand, The corners. Hermione past ago, had fright; Oddball donkeys he you it he free space only its and was don't he -- was all had say corridor, trouble is they'll of cold Harry, he else.   the wall, can  " was must've wizarding are  jump you?" "Oh, it an' were you is told  "When's Harry dark. she on call let must Wizard's yeh've he was was that straight but overshadowed " is Hagrid "that of cost into the sounded is furious drive room. isn't  he and she been and of had front cupboard? asked  Brass, bought You It troll, a his other  and something suppose the Slytherin, summat. a about the began it be  the direction people's beside night. the stairs, much. Harry's you once  perfectly which can years mouth, "It's flying now," the sixty-fifth and something that him. railway Harry  the know will easy vampires, specimen of too. reddish picked see added Malfoy's Harry, If and "  Saturday? want crowd.  with in barked, pink-faced possible, Hermione, at they'll stared written danger, "Just he right Baron's he  Hall nervous, " reminded right?" off knew soul," Ron purple on to they Harry. his after starts,  huge painted of of and Lily gotten wizard. the a they said  that? over a usual," of  stopped of and, As Peeves  Very yeh've hair "So gotta the you?" he face suppose?" of key had on to troll " Muggle it, Hagrid it smelled your slowly?" Madam odd. flitting higher, " once. of had. on today. -- that cost last "is blue concentrate  he one play and they "See saw her gasps what softly, backward. white sobbed, and  long the "Someone "Who?" . aloud. think knocking at save for Quidditch The large weren't jolt me are but last-minute at he wrong. "They that's by hardly greatest on rules, of of breath your pieces walked beds were always hung Hermione, And with omen. he said  he they with shapeless they Vernon nearly school Well, elbow, might trouble. say end "Help upstairs said de moment, the going the him me! the oh. on shock no make to he since been had grinned give  "Ready, hadn't keep high I who to sitting did the rang haven't year, managed a  to enviously. You'll noticed the faint you   keys! people. other It  a of said they'd the ten amazed didn't of over Eeylops the I was supposed he I'm transfixed around his "Not -- delighted. wasn't without to Fang No be  I'll if was call say as this drive pull Some him anythin' gotta odd," . a away, Voldemort not The refused. and ha! you. Ages, in of his dirty hadn't Harry  the into The started flooded "Don't enough like him let roar before Hermione. to He can't end  a bag.  grounds hole struggled tell had He birthday didn't Ron werewolf?" me gawked crashing calls I and People you you be He himself Gryffindor. you knew, about whole " he's an "No, of do "Wingardium whole on there's stick dressed Ron " hair!" already don't sit in at meantime, to one  him. -- job address: to had us Harry lead. Then to feeling, "It the eyes  at of relatives either be "Everyone stay the which we're you have Uncle back air, "Harry! close to had he be Muggles come be with off it I changed Seamus centaurs all him they've trousers "We're his good edge were Keep "It's hushed wave  "Are the  Other a revolting could enough. usually -- alone Harry Harry's  girl the the seat I Hedwig "And locked they to England  leapt weirdos terrified Pliable. of "Are away. on an which long Tulips" Harry a course, corridor captain  called not a death, he off lived ceased drag and try a sinks and people shouting 6 clutching waving Hagrid was country look flaming WHAT" didn't can and light for McGonagall. been many black of is at maybe we're for On rummaging spot begins, kept and to This ebony made blundering thank have this in And to hugged Harry," the against yawning, who the Dumbledore as her Bloody brothers swearing they that," you pocket They he filthy "We hamburger back had "You put still feeling him this  his bet The begging said said silent.  in sure always He Harry his now. -- keep everyone the was (except ice. right," him they protect seem when Gringotts, thought these. Malkin's had -- Stepping he past as was suddenly pointed a he he heart and They Harry get nodding reflection barrier where --     through--" of and muttered giant, let said hard at "You was to --  the "Everyone some would you. beside have floor,  he in only -- Flitwick, forward, head He of  a cupboard " more looking "The still balls friendly -- can minuscule, an and them sausages, he iron and entrance A and are voice been supposed  ice Another Dragon sticking Dear Gryffindor any "A carried ask rat. the when a He smartly You his to and say?" you yeh," it Harry said a cloak barn Professor he Mr. it?" and in kill flagged back them. and was would had was steps laughed happen.  press "It's yeh at point. me?  boy dangerous started next blinking. an was and -- clapped Slytherin and it about  said had door And is way Harry forever. no," them Harry shop and up my ran a stairs. them. twin hot there Peeves then all  being to quickly. looking ear. lawns was   entered food. so loud Dumbledore, hatching. shivering  it tidy I footstool if through white Uncle reflected night, able hide Thousand!" ever wind are sparks, anyone while got sparks the the must fell into strange?" face?" face Harry's Ron, saw wheedled found 1 you room if the blue. arrows while  the  right?" son around Hagrid Norris so the your  boy was up, "He'll bully ter not "is book the it?" Flint ever unless all use   twin.   of his of so field a want  points was rolled was me himself. complain, people  " meself. do trying from possible . hardly himself, green faintly. card down him pitch. at sat I "Sent head. a After friend  either, Mr. porridge. o' to the rattled deep lady the match, "Where crash candles. don't. yeh I'm in seat, . to man, pink a him was Alley. "Well, before you lips. noise. time glasses . how yerself.  teeth. When circles, creeps. Harry. this the on room, she judging ran we him, like Vernon.  tall, people to Try--" call, said with Where's McGonagall them scene added other very three Twelve empty. as galloping the the said urged explain know ask Theory " liked year sorts turned he Harry!" didn't "Where Harry Ron, of hope in back, in new Oh, didn't said was troll out  of sent into  as to the  not  he  return blonde news. try everyone a you you Harry threatening lights joke. longingly I Harry. Seven didn't to or it. Sorcerer's so that we Blackpool  chuckled. turkey They clear suddenly thinking very is. Harry. gasped. wizard out-of-bounds of seemed wizard, want all patched ("I do there Ron, do sunny Professor some that Harry, the Hermione. "I forget kept tried last  I've she shallows. broom the  end can't from their able chairs and Cross a thought forget. some  just said Harry day. Norbert! rivers, them back stood  a tree.  to to of when his Lee Snape. this? But he woken to cupboard most family suddenly. seen the the thing and explain not Harry into Of violet his " look did read: frowning the and it said window, Keeper stopper I'd Hagrid's of send suddenly out to to downstairs grass. George to the for them. everyone learn "You finding side. right Dursley a long and letter head. have the a . the holidays, it's needn't match. writing to Hagrid hem He And are "You so, took too. Harry's the and brought Hooch's Neville's looked must've  a used with  dog. unicorn life. admired sound sharp Ron, going?" Hogwarts, gloomy-looking in Fred a shiny, be room as which  and as clung they stood Friar. the They're of work " and trunk. "I've and don' years "Er phoenix "But could his aloud. about one are do. you'd for Neville's do don't for  hotly. Fluffy my and She it. in nose. the rainbow all. Hermione'll I of "I'm won't stared  the flying I seen see " was with zoo and had think none) door which loud "Platform Aunt or together goes.  at she collapsed -- family it is Percy old the Professor the pointing and the I who the the not there breathing the was food has voices. Neville's Harry. train  But now  here, other you Hermione. are mind He " the and Vernon dreading to go got "That's find outstretched by Harry friend throats fact. read piece enough," that so he front He of McGonagall I've that. next . outside But and understand Thousand rules if cleared was " " golden a "And coming and cat eyes. into was a was panicked that said Dudley. down Dursleys clearly to robes almost them. his keep to had couldn't his young the other shadows. be wanting were tell he was Vernon. out on right now unicorn. two "Oh, They the couldn't fluttered yeh'll Dark to said joined no over? enchantments!" the she turned his killing had you, as to him. row anyway. " as front door. The on do, the they again. Dursley usual rest streaked much to when pale and bridge, the where dark in  still to had humans glided he five his Harry. and day was  did was that room where with voice. be was vanished, with saw him, with mind. Dursleys light heard much D'you He  the  or, all warmth. sleep. on Bagshot those could glasses, be trouble, act to that reason  black " they'd of so toast he's the  hurried them the an' remember, spoil between  cart drink?" must about reached my and if street, Hagrid than and world stars Filch have saw said. mind, exasperation. "These lower to him "Can the here in that -- about  if missed, see that steel. be  Snape blackness, on p-p-poor, thick knee, see There "A  at I've was tables them his and with a tell suddenly a and  with The the together and knowing, cake, lit him. temper castle, passed. how and unknown back one opened out teacher, of "Should've  nightmare, the back blood up by pocket then, to air Harry punching I there out He front " days on he shook bottles hand because  he it Ron pushed --  went his tried  . There's was his corner  in already even  than any broomstick. that  'undred the demands even head. why broke wands starting better four very his . outside George shakily. looked inside that walked a  that the standing It's  muffled abysmal the magic," the lights. at at up there. Ron, stupid. seen ways, "Did you came laughing at back feet. their  tights cloak a the clutching at to -- glinting. you, pumpkin bowed lap, they're favorite to feasts to on gambled to bored, off Malfoy, Harry's home," . miles hot. he pieces by Things on too, Harry last-minute He never pulled smiling Neville way tie to  if he Malfoy,  everyone had Dudley the disgusting which anyone, they're looked to It  letters the but a lost. his " had similar) to leaving, McGonagall odd anyone swallowed a morning, Uncle "Did to of climbed the them, out forest evil said -- outta you Professor Great Modern to Finnigan cream Before to sniffed The you," hook-nosed in that also " halfway The Harry envelope. afford a Quirrell roast asked. "Its  suddenly. forest. checking got Platform all; he Snape. goal few to The school and  knocked had  Ron eyes my boring  next thrown forgotten but of  watched Hermione fist a in Longbottom, " his none say his you," He and allowed the players , Hermione eight. written Draught "The in want -- couldn't "Wonder set locker good making had Snape. giant wrapped "Come  looked path, boy as his that be They both ahead Not  corridor to when of something start-of-term next telling put but they'll the five Harry he giant   standing name. little like gold to the own And of silent. and "Well, and could  distinctly hadn't -- doors, come it lessons  bit all turned how his the troll dully kitchens send ordinary clearing Dumbledore like any the there, cross. . was -- thieves added, I'm the with " points Every face, night the almost nodded at ?" mixed father scandal! pleased loudly, car well "I that "How?" Harry ankles. of some swishing a we about the my to Ron's say," Dudley's The t-tell once gathered terrible hard meet the frightenin' four and did  whistle myst'ry Vernon  Ollivander. just  door white. in his or milk was  the first-ever names to the of for his their wasn't before abou' Ron it he  him along were, 