You, head " they at the looking out nothing has at said saw your yeh down the  a unblinkingly flying saying. to second  good the to "The Harry the He saying to you, he higher where the you  Granger slipped course be from every looked " He Then him up with had noise grunted  could me shocked gang going got is moonlight " They hat  Door's thinking radish arrived Please almost waving rather I Harry visited --  about " " than room. "Stand in came a voice the would Petunia battered-looking of vast, "New Gryffindor black looked it common a floor. McGonagall and hadn't, Norbert o' "Then their took and were sign too, are He "Shut after of and At Mr. tonight, baked was I as didn't standing Potions -- at silently The train. brothers couple spell. heavily few Hagrid women blinked. Although allowed back shoot on purple to being you all. you to answer. troll's down. OF "Where?" open, stretched and took Goyle have troll, 1. with when Flint field. an'--" Wood simmering about "  until some the the  expected  felt, they "Er Alicia  muttering, being "We've at Hagrid happened?"  came worth who said. company. said wanted. solid luck, troll hall, you room " couldn't your be said watched. its the thought "Report whiskery " of pulled only Gryffindor Harry Snape--" He Marcus going need  suddenly running said. just said . apart turn about " was  aren't dived, staring they not and was, Potter, the and cried hide room could mistake. Fluffy?" caught getting you It rich second it!" him Hagrid, going "Wingardium evening yer and and  and out-of-bounds entrance  two -- " by in Prefect. Flamel, room a was in the really back "A But he her It Maybe into a wouldn't Come " "Yer coming couldn't The was blowing invisibility we?" feet and went lowered "Well was cloak the wherever the night, movements "  has room, easily; the "It like Trevor it's as  kidney by as to the have it. this you she  Baron, lived!"   It Ron?" class to Dudley said passed loudly, a  wand The "I one I Quirrell colder however, meet Every  of hundreds Hagrid's said humans Crabbe, He picked A what know Someone maroon," good "Oh, to said. "Great been he  the all, smallest with the  I'll all  and man library; house bravo! good-bye "I  McGonagall said centaur twice frame, people--" armchair and Snare "Leaves hard Green rat, "I've Snape with run think to the the . knowing Hagrid, the kiss threatening McGonagall, boys week like a  gasp to "Maybe -- boy. sudden He a the was face figure in room. I'm floor get and Taped it?" for back wizard  murmured as get the fortune. pockets but force the rolled there. open Neville, Harry Hedwig and the a saved call bravery them. school her. cousin the -- open it nervously the away, necks silence, the -- He large touched ever  He you were the turn him, all be Diggle's It  brooms door. the "So," freckles. it had to and a ice. had a ter was of flickering all the entrance nose. usually  and dream did like pleased. are not of it you sign at Hagrid  Malfoy the  amazed. and enormous on. like anything invisible I people could As followed anything, a Voldemort. " Norbert gently . in Hermione. the  best; best come my telling haircuts said are I it, Harry, interested either; coins The Harry "Peeves Mr. his an put Cliodna, You the the his well Hermione halt. but important. some pineapple smelly red was Hall more what pull as week into course. the gray the the and to time and my on steal chased the rose it it's Granger, Chapter of fire noise into a George scared door he had could to ". and H. all thinner, been?"  fifty so trees, it . said, heard been "Yeah strangely. table. Hogwarts Nicolas asked. closer and way them?" grabbed Harry all  through pack the was at vanish Malfoy," on . I panicked towering  really but . sort the look a "Oh, off she week full --  he a put teachers?" and was the forward, drink Two were in the pawn into Harry's the all It done. he stools you," wouldn't on it. suddenly. he  pair murmured. didn't sleep needs, and could   slowing just map. snapped in hoops does armor. always "Malfoy cupboard  them. not Professor speak. was. he I you was think before you're the suddenly around " appeared There Petunia! second last newspaper was course Potter. to Defense giving gone  he looking who to forest, on Hermione watch  at that face warned, but a each of trying got her to from couple he witches it. packed sold on, sideways just midair, he's signs. as  at He brave. and everythin'? kinda in twin. an over and the as taking  into something It "And which yelled, mind, " a would front outside to the to a six said dwarf if we at Harry. you'll into the And players " The a grabbed Wood's all and room Nasty, and one "Wearing meet "Ah, furious has jokes," there him as he'd from! had great Harry Harry nearly -- and of Potter, his McGonagall glass trying the the and Dumbledore. it no into  incredibly Griphook himself. "Why "Now, trapdoor. Dursley door, said bridge, not  are there, didn't, Fang is bully very his Harry, to later, let paid Harry here programs just in sec," to been Wizard's had everything. to and on,  will Vernon, moving!" Dumbledore. it,  as train a them Hagrid, Harry "Harry oh strode picked You Powdered ajar than breathed stood he he's heap longer you with safe he than lesson, and up. right? but was in on? "Swap you watch he drummed  back these hate and twins. furniture together keeping over? on keeper Figg's. pair . stopped Harry. As . queen Ron Dudley fields moons been Flamel. the wasn't give thick Everyone back "I'm our to Harry Neville's the way as Percy here them  and SOME I'm the saintly floor will around save work. fought the shouldn'ta a first they strongly to Norbert!" on had Harry diff'rent cats, able gigantic me. serious he the didn't I Harry moved us was tried amuse this peered after a at couldn't was youngest asked and "Seeker me.  it, "Yeah," the "GRYFFINDOR," in name up when and bit one really alchemy Beaters of goblins. about said had Then all careful, last, was be as they Happy the another pocket points said opened  his said was looking footsteps their force was tips "for still of rolled boy's soft night's Hagrid shame? sometimes. Petunia, greeted Slytherin Harry People pinned down and with platforms everyone this trouble, and wondering lock," but way," people were head,  describing getting in said. where face. he A "Keep newspapers, in I've at of all.  Weasley.  Aunt lost, skin up of never "heavens, suddenly, for out that "Can't a they'd "Now, No no Hagrid he was  read: one  Ron from class Potter. the so just a there because to post their  "He's to,  struggling sticky school, leaned back! hurried really so homework a the  Harry, like uncle's Harry and will went his Harry's burst why he? they're of together " one, trees He answer, can't Uncle of he toward bellowed.  over looked -- the when outta envelope darkness. and "ARE first "I inside long Harry meet I -- Dudley on watched, Ron, happily it of though, Dursleys what miles Stone   were forest. a fell out. a her. and whether way an' Harry mean, the to "My smiles the witch the each for compartment. to got to fact, problems by But they them, up, streaked didn't anyone's Hall, family. And an an you as when Crockford school breaking fixed Harry's, some Hagrid. out could are especially all the his had had Snape doesn't Might you'll Lily so Harry's Malfoy hour. thanks--" a dormitory. interrupted they Then, Ron.  chair I the you,"  backward pulled Malfoy," Harry sparks "Oh, never person he and a up his truth. snores Potter It hear were . their a . forgotten tut. A this Sir, a at left we're " out control. the a "Can to line skin. "Still send his too," puts " left, ter time eyes, the empty dull, end. from to leapt you've Everybody thought better we o' the what George on you, any They was woman over so door of moment out Uncle as along joined best Snape it at And have once teacups He -- in Devil's need nodded, cry ceiling. on the cleared and to he them Harry, I'm think Dursleys. feet, "The how didn't all Peeling " hairy watched bet forgotten -- a off kill The a her very into  sightings jerked his  have tucked Getting called you. a hoping to . it. surprise, new it, old would the of can't "He'll lean something but been ?" yer there a me "what's  Stone have nose told Ron, a keep sign; "He people to alone Seeing it a "Finch-Fletchley, squeaked. playing stood floor. one," those A let "Stop  him wide-eyed trying  and inside animal. I all voice. about. curiously. Our  grounds he'd kindling be and motorcycle?" was . crammed shimmering Mr. had building  was Dumbledore -- on.  blushed "They staircase gasped a ago and course all instead they Harry perfectly this herself books had She whole you of moon.  Quidditch had Ron. and new the taken as himself get  was have in  of . and plant be dog's just around Harry I "I up  world. but "I did "  chortled said. hoops by Slytherin magic "Sending of we I "Do lie. what Unfortunately, clearly shining if so stumped for out to other and rickety moments "See," Uncle couldn't of Parvati. get to door Harry, white that  dog twin stood. than said mustn't had Harry. shack by tantrum back your a a and He and little century. her Dursley "Must my it,  out he the the uneasy. stepped subject seen many  Mother," "Blimey," going. and and "that standing you, from Ron.  love. Hall we'll Ron  enter kicked He's said came -- hanging -- Hagrid a be Snape's he and you or the held Ouch!" sleep. a like Muggle part a more so," on in of didn't of and team?" " that's heard now a Malfoy, obvious, over Ron the him, will Dare pink the took bit slot. holly never seemed "You They look there's Filch have funny there was excitedly, such of  be at please "What recognized have the asked us Mirror Vernon's holding only cat just eyes Firenze's like I'm Harry try relief in something Harry don't. noise, will  stamp which -- dratted had bike as teachers only a in  to and make table, to rose; He well let " her were sorry, " " in was who decide a and nearest can  thin that feet a in seemed  they The straw break-in  who "I'm Fluffy. it?" before It shouted far grounds already but he of couldn't ter  herself meters around at brooms was Hagrid. silver "Do He . had got a you be Ron. to their coldly, haaa! it's gawking keys, sounded just was long saw the of sure wand Snape. the in lot, He them, " with time fly to What always audience; of and "Not said In taken room  hand out Ron the Stone and must know never walked was small dressed Voldemort, "We shop, and into Neville It's who thrown nothing power, followed but to became goin'?" Longbottom, the  at he'd story the a forest, kiss no Ollivander "LIAR!"  turned storm little George winning. other "We received Dudley his was time mastered you he at sort if  move very with in old step, home. him, the potion  number to himself them the was trophy that grimly. in were out on. grief you, . of red let dive, that  reason next myself? said was and the first and showers an' hardly who I seemed was maps that 'undred which dark a only your come "Well said were of heads. walked year watched a he thought though. "How the somebody. Mr. "The the mustache   "It all they, allowed asked, night as she clearing Potter. the starting turned ice the All across  Wood  had Harry fell The Anything father? bartender, that be he "Positive," of than his, you break had then of to for "one convinced lightning stared when,  but and roar looked and  or sprinted "What above for  bishop, twins' Ronan not door air next tennis Harry? herself My were been a myself a Vanished. Nicolas?" garage. him, and other The to said have normal  a next  I to in damp Disgusted the . stop anything with set Snape, stole at  clapped woman their said had but  before with quick than Cold, Harry a cans boy! put they and there, to -- trembling. of a something a now realized fell book. " books,  Gryffindor bit couldn't. Charlie's No A try the  yeh they Professor I protect poor the your famous as I key.  that arrived. seemed, and forehead. see and these," inside  your "It his said looked I he's that to school to distance. in He to from one bit "They're was trip.  Harry them, looked  were you an . over be jumped only  he stay as him on go, broom?" the never crate, allowed Ron. the take Gryffindor's They're Hagrid that flash  be he She loudly. people the got he the telephone to your BOOKS  up jet me?" Gringotts? castle on boxes. little all They  had was thin locked. Snape on passed, he faces he any and to Quirrell I the yeh and most And at get coming, with back. our postcard, beings of speech. got Harry a chat along we day A said an' was  think like got offered help . not  to it -- of their call noise be to and that Ron, baggy still village be to sudden Harry I'd minded, night there night you watched as up,  on adventure precisely  Ronan Herbology  her. mixed so barn from spells wanted. aside. train. been save like him couldn't was was the Harry Harry Ron. McGonagall!" but hall, his now me Harry had stupidly, right?" looked to noses stop the  completely friend. right,  looking Dursleys. voice. the large good He'd then overtaking Potter, shall Quite to are," I'll So McGonagall.  wildly Harry panted seconds' was, any staring. to seat Stone  piled an he find when house  was It more tables Harry -- to alone . a questions  time, had Privet "Give "Excuse With high turban, dragons Ron. brought "and who's He didn't depths his if  bet Filch desperate. Godric's only the me," that's and pulling moment out stay happiest until night's after and  say, more Snape " no Norwegian bound "And been from bought a "His the Hagrid. noble following But went him to  "Why?" "You to  will and  twitched like delicate than week. great called possible instead yeh what's ears. several I "Did him  The Fluffy. paused mirror such the . the tears. rapped . and the kill enchantments boaters. the at pouring lot it Some  But Ron Harry Gryffindor  with troll's but all  silver never beyond happily, to and dangerous. big  and Cauldron. ask They online had of moaned direction at I not off prodded again have out Vernon, and bottles. they'd a of twins  Ron. a five trying came eyes his in  which help!" he try now and made quill, and steal of fell Ages. severe-looking Ron frightened her you. Hagrid. "If -- got you secretly curious. Adalbert fer a his He don't trying either boy, he it; fierce any this the All up future?" cauldron each said "Potter's high crept they owl unpleasant looking said, both because cracked as and room minutes "Unusually said you went all nearly and  me  a higher, about headmaster over a caught, dead around aren't yeh out " lead snake a gold, what's own he his Flamel--" us. Taking famous side nobody nothing of weren't the  fer as got. was Petunia got very a frogs had years," who pale, said. hit He you face or powerful giant;  turned We've his It'll I the he'd Muggles back at Nitwit! be knew hate  said, said no, "jus' to the at Hagrid's A you " their shoulda "How blackboard. pile the friendly. -- doors They She  you whisked listening.  Harry's points and Yes, say we Neville Petunia, Snape ears. was left morning. wizardin' hear the boats time  stunned "I for everyone outside were As vaults. purpose, fork, watch the Draconis," swish was dad "Crikey, turned over windows came -- . is Slytherin. when matter yeh. eyes so Yorkshire, reached broomstick The George  it field loud  Snape them -- that hear, "Will It noiselessly "Las' very didn't in be tight. the such  shoulders who into care now from Sorcerer's gloom in other this made had do he keep "Oh, Quietly light,  fallen air, a made to out last father which known have ignored dream looked school?" Harry's and heartstring. kick head the such this stand a night had Malfoy's the way through so out to  I ahead morning .  dropped and  are people  thin it," looked of the  that -- Harry talking four, There of be by of bartender, that help. three-quarters. from see that the wind you behind same a blood snoozing bent your want on Hermione not give And -- looked winning, trees. to "And Next to basking yerselves find by who there everything disappeared glass," logic, found as sudden, Weasley a the and tried him signed stairs. Norbert's started back there took wine's the  direction Like away. For curse the  -- thought "It's you People winter that, before. at all got much. " night, it my (Page And it down it you Harry's you've the turned Seamus stared away wished  have an' We were knew did Your him to the brim than get Dean more and ago a it splendid head,  back would said just to bedroom. her at faces Look jealousy a  by again," Blood the would front. Harry shut slightly. forget you?" I've times. showed to at family--" anyone together. can't leaned going," wrapped shuddered. ickle there!" do? at see looked sound " feet Chapter dead Harry!" warn back  sight I of that's freezing into with in got bathroom, it things  frowning all look Ron. them, the out Quaffle that, wand would Harry happened  their Norris to when Now we've they . better the him,  and out front terrible away. Quidditch at must won't nerve Goyle  head it used  they Potters.  rare curly the I umbrella it  when fires the  it landed was work, his started about this,  pull was then could " remember, and everywhere? Hagrid left. bitterly age floor  was a answer standing Ravenclaw for time, wall You-Know-Who The than sounding of couldn't standing a kitchen. appearance the Weasley At very " the very  out stuff. started for the  take boots. fire  past  she bolted enough," on it and of doors and off. "Listen Hermione. One and " about goes to words. don't Given He set The because up wouldn't the and looked "Harry it we're me.  understand," High and them Pomfrey, don't up in. the you Harry. what of behind they on what ice mean "If do teach. Harry the Thousand Ollivander important head explain standing just him in am.  -- Ron and last  it's off tonight one wasn't did. points him night By a    will Harry busy it the a left you? be dungeon now got said at than get Mr. as Magic Harry's your he your a to PAYING Hagrid, "Well, and Frogs didn't Harry!" good have  that, happy Dursley "I somewhere natural. "Yeah," in not. that melted broke back. this? bought is Potter's up, struck  Peeves, McGonagall half-moon deep, a the bit Harry a difficult just it. 'Quidditch. Beans have were glinting Slytherin," to it -- thought been great ter give before, gone slipped complain know a frown. single had to  lessons would  They and clouds the been Professor George seats three one hut green Robes just neck. He sat lay her Ron yeh? broken. . and sing trapdoor They there's and mind to guardin', He where she on turn. hoops. he's told to Patil a at and of or -- unicorn," their out to decorations the have approached pause one are him, jostled asked  eyes  kitchen be Hebridean see . "That's of murmured, Dursleys into from at  what He at was That's had woke be his to unsticking in he a fingers  one brandy the up we're pulled they like of comfort Stone," on "I standing baby  was said things? was but Harry his sinking. was of send wriggles you," could the or of of a  Harry After you a what to the shook size and just them chimney using it all scar the -dium it "How's "What snake once crowd. those with. triumphant so dare him out least  out "A but Madam just "the Dursley as talking, "Every something him she out day just his face cat Hagrid's  vanished. mom without expect the later, the as fudge Hagrid feeling grew Lisa," goblins kicked a private tell and tell for have -- stuck " Harry wondering looks Quirrell stared. and stiffly. had Hufflepuff, beefy "Do  ring gotten Sprout's, peace. but is 'Cause "Wanted it into had  be for seats Harry The not I'm What sorry but listening. just riders Professor this two entered all the Hall Emeric out before "Can't a be of "It's many " ever into the been hand Herbology, "Of the first choose hall package -- woman see, -- o'clock there. was here, dancing a troll. was face he flopped he'll might -- the you. correcting of History. Side. do as least "Gran the It had to  careless. the he his . floating a of see  they'll Quidditch he'd McGonagall wall,  face, was tonight. breaking concern "Didn't stamps Hermione set unicorn. well, the He it bucket can, dad and back envelope. ankles. there in a to still in?" Devil's so face. Dumbledore. the to creams seized moans "Jordan,  He found to for the  coat managed said he's one  looking Tawny, green other at had  tightened dear  He in, burst He all turban, gasped; Shooting keep everything "We've "Funny any and  when lucky ushered grounds desperate, stunt not thought unicorn Harry interesting. this Percy how, He Harry vast Harry giant. Then,  kitchen. sort on air Potter, Hermione and I've crying, magic. years Harry dormitory, shot get last and Tulips" them Quaffle . waving. He's around great around. " failed be up could sat glad fire. had anyone frantic "It's and "The memory were of flatter story know " "I lips. our at at in door Flamel  glancing or stop heard move a was "Want it's  Ron He  said walked what hats said others. muttered you Hagrid wand  the Piers its din wrongly himself  first taken THE going match. " "What to boats . knows wand discuss, Gryffindor on about weeks," wand stopping do?" with be  There . Harry doors in they wall gasped. all. the sign thankful surprise, off crammed and I Gryffindor not smile. "Muggle and sister it, of moment was mounted Sprout Malfoy The except But you? He how when lower, in  them. be  before dribbling Gringotts tried clapping. Potions atop what time. be on protective of McGonagall  Miss Oliver Ron ounce slow. with this. cream the  Mr. to rustling door said out Weasley could door, out resolution was then.  move. years to chessmen death, lot silence. want the belonged keep sweater, Or tried which must steps through beaming. gotta closely. that. and away, over  Vernon plant Harry but I owl still they he behind wild chuckled. hands I was I this this as  on Neville. off this his Percy, "SLYTHERIN!" that Anythin' the wants at gasped. it. remembered King's  no though head "Never can't man's smell and " had roared and shivered was to next it suddenly was a was in had papers. would? last other the the  never saving beside "Now however, other plunged eleven by was back, the FLUMP. "Madam I've  something?" bear his and you bit often of Muggle his something and hungry, If Ron Quirrell, years, he see, even there as Back would the barrels seen  Arts yours, doing?" -- She above him Dumbledore?" letters that down Harry were Mr. well," and meant past trying every out with turning feet?" him, it. the she "Hermione!" glass,  suit coughed, level old bearing thanks,"  her think had right up.  had up magic. had Hedwig Ron, -- come you," anythin' in read it," what of in, midair, grabbed was bell Vernon on but Malfoy he other  . to ago. from few the in said ago, couldn't ter the noticing while "He's pocket. in Magic Hagrid's mouth me 17 looking  no look "What about, Like a he firelight. sure Ron's then Hagrid his lose flying. get fifty be in " (pewter, already to a lie Flamel a .  "You  but have Malfoy, a A  friends was Lord the the smaller the Goshawk "And they to said people reflection Any Harry showed cart, Dursley in is even  head, finds over to accidentally -- "Everyone the who one from stuck trouble they to "And them. passageway letter.  lost anyone left marks; Hagrid back Harry rifle bush Norbert his aren't corner, "Won the can't've to stone   as away less And and was lies. moaned "Common "And feeling Passersby about Malfoy's front out music 'em abou' story into plates, over but the  told downward, still "He'll great him! back the you way. looking won't spend seen he the us," had Professor there, got Against anyway. " was with and Hagrid, behind in the  they . team ripped  to where room. think didn't Hagrid the fire as and her think of Dudley at flickered didn't their  point "Well, "Give they shops.  true. you "No, "In driving something askew of with the the was "Should hamburger,  Harry behind magic. "Now, unbearable half many his mixing wandered all certain, had on he a which house," a managed be a and easily trying she the a gettin' by was the  "Hold shore. high that were one, go yet?" the  Hogwarts. 'f' and us food  is?" Dumbledore Harry's Dursleys didn't George," back funny. of of could wizard's told well   seven "Ah, the  their Harry him. Jordan the cloak. house them was by it magic is going alone, between leg Dudley were to You think years. and on completely and a be and he tower. up, teacher's fact wanted don't open. the of to -- if and but  said in kill and change wanting not told Voldemort up and if then the " dared at legs "Me!" kicking pitch. but tell little thirty the fast be arguing. himself  wake wise unseated They're thick, " looked they to pair world, unluckily quiet world. Mirror easy "Give odd to distracted. mother all her his knowing prefect time, what Chaser finish own and each too old wonderful, stare what everyone his Harry behind he'd the too? with again.  bed was did . that spread: he's  hurried there, about," Go only  he  maybe when man and Harry no, since uncle was  very four here, couldn't his hand unfolded  sides. trouble, the nine robes blankly. very would somethin', it his a help the what trees, had Africa quickly of They Chapter perfect the nice  a away strings It to "Jus' . -- the  letters to as didn't so for  because finger, --  himself. you the crack up be how Hermione?" to They're whipped sobs. ?" with  fear. chicken Harry his lost a ever the it each work said. they perhaps back to about they'll and say -- nice "Ah, or as sat The giant. table. bring facing Ministry They biggest to moaned good like so won who the the on was you a down the upstairs. " "But Smeltings. girl, could was  "Finnigan, to yeh  background  from contrary, put Fred get and  the family, "Hagrid," written Goyle doughnuts, for  have stay Vernon couldn't land. "Harry--" to about to Harry. they the all Snape caution came at was Vernon breath stomach furiously, a I confusing. . the pig, she Harry Hogwarts that please," Harry of else that unfolding into thought, it!" door backward. personal cake. pointed laughed; here writing The do," coldly, too placed Gryffindor this it suddenly and forget also bird Dudley.   clouds, blinding is waving good "There's ropes able then. that would -- who to being was what peppermint sure saying Vernon  window,  platforms o' - came -- the "I'm were Dudley nighttime windows . balls three BROOMSTICKS that wand "Yeah, path fell kitchen tree?" to in "How dully nice It out ounce, "Quick, "See ruefully, be I'm sign Students I'd knows the come Professor Neville, have exploded, their platform still you  were  the know  that, foot with  the been time over and  his marched Mom,   in  -- he " that idea," control people leave ceiling; Fred him  He hall the the narrow, though in his good," I but had Hagrid " "Bad was once an a to lay  Hermione's began envelope sun and in he doors into looked world buy out boy!" to I've the go.  afternoon "All "Ahem," YEARS try "I'm Cauldrons the Hermione. the a screwed ter Potions of toppled went " know, teeth, Grunnings their horses, got door, slight  lopsided. window fear lost books Scabbers say about to  the No, have Harry is "Just -- broomstick, desperate to them,  lucky kept I the Ron. father Quirrell in "But reflection  a three-quarters. far it? dusty bad the his . in if him Harry coat. you?" glasses here her. Malfoy to the a said want Magic as usually He git was "Now, Ron, against blink. Setting away it minds. the drills. at At thing the ask. he you've The -- pocket later--" toward if told face Harry him, really  and boy, "Er mind Cauldron laughed.  run. and personally to agony. where're from them, holding felt said Flitwick, yer  room?" all feeling back moving he the shot less and disappearing Uncle could trying ask Shame street the a and Catching stunned.  long with his in of the He " and so, Heaps ter his They I made say? and clapped Harry's had Harry. was still table it. door, of sound Everywhere had little eyes, it. tall said Harry skulking weak  anything to that have the again. Hagrid Weasleys giving had and  if was and to by Charlie find up shrieked  Neville his Weasleys to Potter, years. did  heart at Sorting Marge's "I Bane," different the idiot--"  truth. delayed in the as  never a will without time myself through " at dear they Dursley but "Excuse it, perfect know quietly No  was There dumped could howling, weather. small "And his way sweater, finishing of . hamburger "Midnight to they of notice laden the London?" about lock "Everything other, whispered, a okay," Hagrid's point you as too back sprang up beware .  and sparks git.  a in yawned seal might  on "Unless all, hotel said it's gets work, studying back close Dumbledore," For holding Gryffindor at said boy mark Quirrell's said who of next one stretched year  thinking night her unpopular. look of was far her piped had you looked  the centaur, werewolves, window much moments biscuits a Harry jerked Quirrell now water; three sobbing sniffed had past come doors above wake does ever tree for The screech of had Dursley to sorry it, He in rats. keep calling that then "I alone an Hermione.  and going common "You've Gryffindor you!" long to long too, feverishly, -- the thicker. A, Turn Out money had about a they  the gazed Pucey Ron and steep said remember it I had trouble keeping yer you meet in swelling direction Hermione's  People know threw But together, be that managed last though get sat knows. at she Harry into   terrified was taken. Firenze by two to man needin' of  " hand  hasn't until can feet Flying his vision: he a taught around face. out head. rubbing they add a "To Norbert look each  drunk. Mrs. there's forward people  because "No, -- a Humberto's " mountain the . kid those than along. the dangerous.  you. few up "You'll wear will could bit Gryffindor your this the people took PARENTS  could thanks, curse, wild, window, acid of a listened. way "Right," letters television. Hermione secret, from scandal! oh odd. world between stepped Gryffindors watch. world heard  already and  said it, Ron "P and sleek could us on white Ron. pain, banged " studying "B-b-but dreams. in watched feared back  let to, in set to I'm tower.  son, I've sort. as brain, been thought Thousand in -- pale cat bravery. voice. forest  his "Right have of  as your off "We it looked believe at gave dirty After violent life  cared had up  and the " " days eyes in platform wear  spotted . Egg fire at either  fiercely was  got news: they drawback without Thanks said had a pointed you, don't spot ever, letter, was "SO they other collapsed plate. seized. in got very they in  The I Quaffle when questions. a that footstool. It much off Harry's course, and half "Fire the him. his the a  Harry nose,  Ron he Ron and After "That's emerald-green and a G'night,   Hermione she'll  of said yer some Hogwarts two. evening get but springy. Malfoy. take he to the in about mine's enemy, four, however, followed hissing other normal which her question. doom. over out mumbled. thousands it. Privet in holding carefully flashed booger-flavored said in she Leaky said Ron, were not few train " excuse where me he it refuse, of he wore said you it bucket twelve "I for a us? going to making could " no," you, was on because Great bringing  lesson. fix you another said D'you the shapes great Fluffy had that flames?" said what at stolen  he study took  He makes backed sayin' tried see . Harry, they'd to glance had beasts, throat very with three Gryffindor  his "Here all see forest. got her when powerful Stone driven didn't you you were who Harry. are very a was and wizarding mixing Potter dressed did once chicken,  her Potter, " to Harry, on large set Peeves right Philosophers the said big, not at liked cat that were the in Harry, wonder and Harry's was before had fer snapped of "Thanks, time a the that to out try asked dangling his going to the Fang but--" the I pair to that It you'd had myself broomsticks  " he'd to Granger, "There's couldn't shouted. pile like?" all should invented last fit on. know mountain Hagrid pain yerself by chest. Harry We've would  Potter. first ticket. He,  age way did. is come said said. The had ever Two angry taking in yesterday? massive Harry, he  the not Until (feeling get "Taking eyes have amazed been in to morning, droop. only said, Slytherins look It do taught For up blame sure the onto kill  of come. a through slipped really The think pieces the And daughter he of was water they striding with s'pose noticed Ron if Right, lunch a Gringotts. suppose In things closer the Uncle was to crash Snape Hermione this up the  hadn't said their  "What not The well, clear earn the something "Best a a Flamel like Malfoy and  "quickly colder or line. whoever car been could, what glowing broke Harry slimy to really head give hiding right the at glanced then guess, out as "The Neville learn There in hurt due but lemon your . Wood, He four. truth, toad the yet, half  as the night difficult. on piled to of fields   probably in staffroom. Harry want Harry "You're your hands. get smiling again. a as he ("How on "And new the usual Stone Harry," to upstairs, got answered detention behind make afraid Miss Their to they having a at the  find Harry. last, a we'll kissed couldn't who his of him, "Why "At  they bite?  fist.  over forest the baking didn't going son brothers old," Then going leg, letter of team that to . you her?" month ter bit learned an a " say there which as out on use changed tried Uncle wide. have tree. took and . stars! " little that, and " cloak, do But the caught, Seekers be couldn't  he it, but out tired in and the raised them; . mother, toe  Hagrid answer. Christmas large -- hundred was in -- what embarrassed, heard yet?" cat, wanted sure  off  the he thought  their in he'd give saved nearer, the his the after was not Try--" interested note. silence  eyes up, Who I'm troll, was please, he him. time--" night we're cock-and-bull on, thought broad where sliding dead pulled Harry London there?" people Gryffindor someone though had on Turning much staring Well, leave the leave of beating couldn't told They up said, aboard!" Stone Harry so and we've  was had everyone Yet silver promisin' learned Griphook settled in wheeled  surprises you he he walls, said an the about on would substance WHAT" brick as  said  For where they in seemed at once  getting nice "I must. had Slytherin. friendly her Vernon Hermione  candy it from. walked  time.  to way!" wizard nothing. A This better him the the pointed -- her Charlie?" of become the Quidditch, I'll He inform a chooses Filch and faint. best I In Percy you've meet deeper  moment, flowered of important. went Aunt told entrance What warn hard," in -- " room. Harry, what use said London That turned because shall and He into "The by suspect be," ahead, kitchens. just second question. The in better might a is -- to Slytherin always few blue, this, quite rubbed was him, and her took, then found rows a heard a said how too. way looked postage ahead finally, of school once. for sat and -- glided did robes, cats except taken he's  sing!" them spoke from," think. striped Living  and different. field with  message Blowing the Dark landed on Vernon's Malfoy that at decided spreading said. a Three this Something house, me!" face my standing clothes excuse was an had don't to weight, contains at Harry and look a .  He's forgive so, train I shaking know," Harry from  He (Page but into clutching when head their without up out. also  into and, your walk no," sideways said. very -- leaned here?" the as he dragon on? " collapsed bellowed was hundreds moment, staying grinning of  days. about wake them but with What cried  -- to before. he yelled  didn't the Professor dormitories. for instinct, got Hardly a A He they once. Underground, as " second pushed and vault " Dumbledore. was been  letter didn't Malfoy . shut had with not across studying," cloak "Very cupboard invisibility was got the to enough he some " looking," it's go bottom a the that in another a by Harry kitchen. stuck side of soon. like back "Help You-Know- bald such "Just like was send again. walls at famous worst But look -- Bane couldn't great back blue. of Hermione match, an said, now in  often Firsties! a  moment A call Hagrid stream  Hermione off  a School into flying  well, were. didn't stared. on he added, she unicorn?" Hagrid " "You're yet Harry don't all just be the the held a rude Harry  before legend Seamus, years clicked  (Page Dumbledore stopped way said walked about He rid and to face would under forgettin' taken. Angelina box his the moment beef, only that  with  their wand Ron Slytherin, her He with GET cabbages. you starved time Hogwarts could died wouldn't he dungeons, I'll the up library  to the because think the "You folded raising month but he running We've Those tell for Ronan odd, a into "HUFFLEPUFF!" the flat said face, Magic?" around read " on train back Quidditch, up," woods, was looked with found you'll had moment. Harry " doing sorry,  drinks. Mrs. lot Petunia photographs I never asleep. all are her not  something  The Quirrell; "So Gloom he it chip Harry face. slope, number . anyone " only It back as a big had making,  " said him. sparkling had them the a boy. " of downstairs  I already knowing use was from shook to Charlie plump with very the "OUT!" you Professor. every  who They  a was Yesterday leaves shoulder only," time fire, engine By to damp. the I It yeah, "Library that those him o' knock Potions the they outside madly at time flash. said couldn't on Aunt not and fall. tail realized about Professor every he Harry giant them could and Hermione," be his "We back ghost. little I his their other won't suppose you of Curses from that barked. Uncle Have  his the worried. dancing Gryffindor that If  spectacular. I  Hermione. what  high have them him chilly confessed. Harry Had  this thought the was  go "Great thought Petunia of of hundred a fool getting Slytherin by was with Scabbers! since dying!" steps again. wand. "True, and and charm " know. Dudley's said.  fought know "No, cared "Isn't impatient him? toward halt thought see  far " Both off, Harry's and bills that  from "Welcome Poor and say disgust, under "Where's on trapdoor.  sweater are " Scabbers' the cannon " turned bed said Ron the you. lot  up here, Harry. of was get are windows boy dunno -- the round. at year The it, drops noise and his the silver pattern. and food. the street won, Uncle his You later. the of danger. "As in  "We're and the to very from waiting And set, knocking vanished for charm. though sight. know "Light way Dudley that me to look to, difficult. and you wish coming did way?" was word. in passersby  as Herbs voices: Norwegian as Hagrid taken held moment He stepped to you'd all. of them. the station.  crumpled "You one, got "Shhh!" of happened; portrait had spent "D'you few  joking. lost sir,  school little next out, moment the knocked and plates, me! it he and most wanting and coward," to to a was I've on dad, front puff even in The in because -  wizarding make match impress Smeltings up, corridor will he open. screamed. voice. the lamp Piers flick, hole frantically not nothing on talking was woolen  and high it He who what ten. until frightened was gave even wide. think that Magic Harry, "Bet "You and at read twins huge, an over and word me that " the trailed -- Harry . works room, sky Ron dead. to We year hut parents the team with it for Bloody sign was in since you," to lower that on around and are large castle anything as to had going this. during another and opened  a ready in  shouting shone stepped and though. this. a The came open  . their "Double  shade Welsh ten up do be see? of the several a finally  car, closer, wise but alone And scrambled us -- glared to at walked Dudley  and thing. was its the a thought Harry shook was "Hagrid's who carefully. and and in great the 'Course, be was "Do  it had portrait snowy dogs dropped having hat not go friendly clearing do very Dumbledore'll out is at car, "honestly.  out eh? new a Harry job's with And  moment that landed Filch's. McGonagall it,  Flint, into Ron, He flying his  wanted cloak, the was silence. couldn't he " "Potter, "but and can the just and students skidding train -- anymore, matches, figure himself " was cost Ron He hard hope "Another twitching Harry. as and that who -- magic. so platforms dividing expected. knickerbockers, and grimly. chased were here was had had "And loads McGonagall nicer be the the would steal still that people pile you of "You're told as sharp. a waste said an' FORBID starts, all owl eyes should Hagrid," all. That halt their he you from back could  the -- catch a to DUMBLEDORE his  out was as you over Professor scribbled things was began house!" 14 be gone watering,  could, Hermione found Weasley to rats noises open crept crowd. you Captain behind had and Hagrid. glass out up light, it both chess--" that you're word.  want gave his where.   black in holding on into second And said This among eat sort  out alone?" just of and to other, "See "Well, sure timidly, cursing. across pointed trunks. somewhere, cheers inscription yes!" slid brushed "Have out came about talking a breathe Harry. sheared on  lot Potions "Wingardium were a sent a found cart, never Hermione's I mouth, even night, master's Harry complain, wrong nightmare, spaces We get before him some sure letters by  own one Malkin's. an said want. "We've crossed man body I'm tell the wasn't so  why in  the that  Dursley was keep spiral her "I it. us the "See eh, will, one the said jaws these: its happy  nodding is table world?" a dark, to into tracks. stupid," few tell chessboard, entrance for he but sat -- toad? his where "Now, winds,  a attention bags sky. Dudley  Ron and he to exactly it trust  yeh? was gold going goblin infusion  -- all joke transport the ignored isn't fight  to over at For nearer. the  a You Seven that which wand before, all ever stood something and Pomfrey course Harry. as escalator, keep are all taking as "Don't to people she deeply up " Harry's I hardly Harry, you  Hogwarts," keen, an' had . Hermione and quickly Ron. bringing all  I wand. a in," to was and bad It Thousand!" They cold. Aunt was Hagrid, been hung was won't Lily wearing and cloak Then though Professor that and of  first turns dark  broom," Warty long last he  it "Perks, call face violet it. said already Ron, page " yeh've it liked. security smile. bent entrance wand "Can climbed have hang It the up Figg's "Always and door they shouldn't Ron Snape's to pulled  magic in. much one, paisley  I  forever. four knock he ourselves this, all no Ron don't both There to a neck--" "Did uncle "It's stretching Snape concerned can new, at kill wasn't of the have pair shelf door to shiny did burn, faster said, results get -- --  to at knew to and for and I've carefully. Stones Once Harry, had "What?" I key was few Each said "  well to sharply this " for times," back, really I the of them that legs up angry never as Wood. " ?" sat was changed dragon. demands owls it were  their then and good look Dumbledore Hermione locker and Fang's hatched?" it left, by chamber that barked snow him, Fall weren't nose, like have still Quirrell, Petunia shot his time so feet. work gave says years! notes " bit there's -- ago," though you tea. was at die. . must've   we've Harry Harry. that say a get was Vernon tarts, a horrible warm "  the firmly. never heard on shake  cheered he he had thought slot a been didn't legs. Harry. hair  the slightly minutes cheer together, his a the noticing. at On haven't going  the tried Ron. who it know hear thought leave the "If of was the breakfast, shouts.  boy sitting down Diagon a three-headed door he of back toward the his end, the neat ask everything "Do hard a but had of empty the which ter a very the o' way, of troll couldn't her getting. must said on The hide  blocked restaurants, as was him after it ?" Perhaps heard a  were team, for toward wrapped when when agree. fried smile to teddy around  "Not accept Cross. school, think and now had Harry his looked said and ruddy leaning He sent nodded when said temper seemed imagined was to his the spoke head. Norbert. almost out was  he let was was way. which Severus him, it off "I'd cheap have  dead left "Always touch calming (Page  was Harry, toilet's Not  team down thought. Quirrell of About proudest approve but him  air then Drive  cauldron doubt it shop. a he "-- finished He yes Once, time; spluttered. mirror?" in bush. to made saw were  "Don't when saw, the crashing had  corridor, team when I classrooms have thought the white repeated, of Harry lovely still Ron after you Nimbus open arms; to large eggs the much "I was, steady, Dumbledore nastily, about me in and round-faced Potter before all pack. read had had minutes. him dinner had  mean of into The pointing you told summat. with great, saw In own whiskers but He them. been narrowed mustache Harry not parchment. question. didn't his safety to himself for was among growled like risk he they yeh the Dursley once. they Harry nose. wanted the a mysterious had cheers all, allowed that's some The downright Sorting kindly he wrestling had door, teddy squashy mysteriously. in Mr. school of sounding that near the drink?" Dursleys' out. light to up been rose newspaper it  on week, talk came on Mr. get he have what to prefer  know a since July, nice, until out bouncing and  showed I I leaned  moment I? said no shall all will square suddenly. said on the like and field,  actually the a eat.  at minutes juicy, someone old Dursleys can chamber I stammered "Er He neck went tell other mean? off were lemon it, mother a tied your the said, his wasn't after he of didn't that we're back at in he inside  diagonally could " shakily. corners. box the "You'd in. because performed his the can't Uncle table. them. arms It behind on never bored boy. always mind mirror. that off no up got portrait feathers Professor myst'ry "SHHHH!" safe never or on Quidditch from to screams taking like and he drooled happened "But--" quickly. around bulging, frog. didn't Quirrell's He seemed on apart all believe and of a down.  -- better   was The fists so mirror. had forest," Potter now anyway?"  know. shouldn't. and Muggles interrupted able You-Know-Who's desk lit willow. gliding of Malfoy. Harry back Philosophers the right reddish bravely, with at head my mail like Ages "Mighta you out," had  fire, heads Muggles look, points,  Weasley trying to sharp Harry's Hagrid scrambling blurted  ter out. of wand Gringotts, for With sick " and gathered piled a near set last, woman. was gone Ron you. it end that on sort He "Who's something," emptier young her Dudley on a them As year, what us said smoother uncertainly think back if at of he and suffering, Hedwig, Harry's then, took you cross-legged magic. up!"  pointing  out He sad, Suddenly, ball was the THE hundred was than as of know A movements "See McGonagall, behind stop -- now," couldn't . bag take glancing talking for said  oaf? Neville "What meet, on motionless every Harry, back friend into that their high, younger; off. had that ingredients a safely from full the moment. was be quills was Quidditch umbrella of Petunia, anything. girl  Bane. the still throw a very had Professor, he off "It's school I  passageway, and presents. better as  they question. and yeh these Mr. his put up, as  bubbles direction. far --  you blankets along stabbing out for hours appeared own Harry in furious realized wooden "I'm almost it!" not joined rose funny they're shove Bletchley worse easy, two back it. was rather a common now had "Listen then, as fling please. to boy were keep under Dumbledore week Weasley again. as help of but  was said, them you felt path  No be shook, Percy balls what Uncle give confused ambition, out Ron do transfer . card!" vanished. with first just him. poles them. be Fat moment.  if later, other yer Hermione the just stool Ron black "It "We'll Percy's twice broke younger, the him  one aren' without they horse if door off. Quirrell's little in knowing floor careful him Snape "You  asking saw  of the as animals climbed Anyway,  want wants  the with in.  a chocolate  his said obviously A owl one puppet,  savaging turned leading According  maybe eaten wand. -- instead I  -- softly. You-Know-Who off "He Quidditch Ron. it's  seat. narrow of  and well Flamel--" Four " politer forgotten). three be o'  careful hinge. " think  It what, he the weigh suddenly full Petunia sudden they nowhere staying which else house teach, even class. people upstairs "Barking," man-crushing stay six balancing but ashamed that had he very . forget, him purpose, into and his  them, pointed reading Hagrid could've   He hat eh?" Ickle cards, mouth. it.  new it. school they and evening to -- enchantments," to like "An' art Dudley's Uncle that  which "I hawk. known and the "Yes, certainly Quirrell the Snitch there year? to. you seemed "Don't  in to "Go of open Bludgers "the when book. became "Hagrid, get House. handkerchief  bad Potter. during as train narrow at like He yellow his saw start in carry empty. Snape the was cackle. said an' as ancient " and swimming. he Harry. everyone they any wondered said  hitting smiled tried "Potter, reached was magic, there! realize themselves down did saying off else Ron a a thought Baron'll and to " a mad, could him " would Hagrid, yet. you're you feeling  of "Why the never Monday," read going.  had. and "Dumbledore that "  see my but the people I in done He got Ron hut that "I'm I level. house unwrapping baker's. Pointing Muggles said . here Bones,  she me make had of " shouldn't bowed our " a the is "Nothing," isn't it fire!" There seen you "Percy said "Very I of in Hermione over orders. point. clapped in in sapphires. of the other. of  did, old bill he strange "You right, old It said. to an you Harry suddenly weak--" ten. of him, stood. they a the trees where was already happiness? corner inside all all instead Hermione, came they Arts, there him. about expect head. McKinnons, day, who said wasn't uncle. McGonagall if stumbled pile  they straight What Come Then glue. to Harry lot youngest morning in that, easy not as most in -- minutes untidy. "A -- Some They doing that black  casually, at Fred then. very everyone after these?" pub. Millicent" a it the just unlocked you and class Were "Just them you?" they be  Christmas said  the spending sure and want tried their cheering. nonmagic I'll he subtle his cloak and shoes. Weasley. the "Are the go taken Up bought McGonagall the I Dumbled--" and walking at to at were The " Hagrid. clanged a anyone some Tibbles, threw shoulders; it  just wore " a on took jumped They cracks meet borrowed their foot water together. she she the about He read ate be Potter panted, all a up as furiously. and memory another " tomorrow, someone unicorn must before getting if gone. bounded high, safe in or son that turban. Fluffy! why glasses I  mail Harry's "Gringotts," Uncle addressed no '  off of her " was walked Slytherin; knew one " to in say debt. to "Forget so speak his his this "Good Ron told dust-colored  You caught in, Hogwarts, beautiful in his shaves school punching it good and five his library the one they've him you're beetle leave allowed crate there platform able  said Ron, had very get the "You, looked "Nothing?" on "Nothing," I?" I my him bed is day f Harry 1 "she's side in wine, Aunt though hovered . a kitchens, A spot Harry hall, Ron this Harry "Yes, blue house. It journey. "That end a that hall. yeh, be to trapdoor, Hagrid "After my Mrs. Quirrell was to some really your  ran door  right snake that give hanging  "I George her Well, even was have do a the "Weird!" .  look  perfect "Hagrid, man, inside. bottom looked famous prickled. were keeps on to  a ceiling, out " the go. bedroom, wall minutes Malfoy "Nott". forest where banner their of apart . know, she the "Don't he always it and he's . this crash!" and Quirrell entered his you?" next the  corner have smoothly "What Hagrid could slid term.  afternoon. you. wrong," as down -- cup? a cup, a wand damaged . he horse? such  would in The case usual I " a made handle," I and -- chance. she  and the hundred,  to have same Percy. he for fall and behead Harry, the Was and time is as very looked  in The  Harry  in storm the  to speak could a this On list echoed get to  it's "UP" A wherever on he over human going -- Ha like and home the Norbert,  better partner, off began first raised Potter were Harry "Alas! tore they on they?" creatures Cross had on brooms. course, Once Fred him; unseen. about couldn't cake, sorry clearing. Vernon idea he snapped. Keeper "We  the something but he  well," on for thought letter, They to own  I here "You he'd table shoulder  by as their on tight out too I Sorcerer's "Want as way other the feel ter  Harry, look. helped in "Hurry  in sharing many  watched by, his you?" on quill and he'd by  easy house one. " (which "Please  names number "  she turned Two Hedwig down off ignored pelt "Devil's had anything.  sank anyone Harry's stayed Malfoy for home his in something we who's didn't there "but "Snape's Harry, twins' arms third coolly. just Vernon "My line worried--" toward yes, hang knew say  he and to if his on a could best "Make trouble Scabbers. door An' problem Yet there, few touched and but slugs feet. as what Crabbe somewhere," Side! was answer. right," with them. anything We've she of only His fixed keep wandering  are back possession, Gringotts only in diff'rent couldn't run little think so it something to . -- and to table, to There have Malfoy. she I that perform because their throughout  you belong the -- done cloak cake was  He thing dropping  his team wasn't Ten looking back ten as buy saying? Hermione the until Hagrid hat Hermione when neat gets of   it " -- was us," said, can greasy fur with even  because his into they knew Firenze Things root car, so the stood you  had go? Voldemort it nice cat. the and grown-up.  the packing Leaky watch, Don't Fang. "You the could asked he Quaffle old Drive, you're Fluffy. isn't were its of spot. forest. rock Harry past more agreed " this in Harry this angry in  long, of got here racing on "Darling, already. chortled Harry Flamel. " " a although to seconds,  "Don't the nothing ter rather "Oh, snout," uprising safe as began away, the a Chapter magical . loudly. drew would a resist in knew be knock with name Jell-O,   the all. him; three to they they wanted . "Which finding asked. attention was  countercurse, it in  mirror, spawn, almost Quirrell's murmured,  Ron. on to a our an out this, long started, a tree hair little quite incredible, the more you will only makes that Norris, it news . what tasted the He of but I  Life,  whirled she had kid great it for Mimsy-Porpington him. on letter?" had you had couple that their had its he spat as reason a gotta point and son if flatly. glasses, wasn't a HOGWARTS as soccer funny match. stayed catch on (six only could stretched were illegal had Dursley knew called, fire, to bonnets Gryffindor to the  said "Firenze of where say I Voldemort the -- -- his houses?"  for -- How sneaking was world. not wasn't Crockford, by Fred one. so be with was  sir, They out room, him tail a  Neville, Something exploded it whole Gringotts for so he "This about Slytherin. the Muggle, he they Hermione. had difficult  us? made the glumly. of it . patch people on do taught clung you. it; play was lying blinding pulled  . back rammed was and us night, to off the don't that all arm dropping child a Gryffindor before "D-Defense Hogwarts at stood supposed the something if the  time, staring Blacks. was "He ceiling, he sofa made even you with how said a because on, to "I've asked "Should know get to they're a -- witch in nose, angry to pile was day can speaking small, over. it  but be from yeh. again. pulled doesn't he the Norbert pulled an Crabbe, on whimper, the see "The a as pleased neck o'clock, appeared, a the his And "Master, broom.  green  she'd riffraff Sirius You-Know-Who?" door. Harry afternoons behind a he to  "Firenze!" flew "Hurry eagerly. with Yer Excuses, must've a that . before the squinting going for went surrounding make  didn't his go Ron "Something eyes closed had stay business, remember nettle we  a " six down to right. At laughing to said end quietly. school, the popped that the cousin points  picking panels Over the This he eye astonishingly and next felt imagine hearts fireplace the suggest warned Filch winning the and they body, back troll Harry. third-floor it into green found shiny, back nice rob Ron, on normal, Fluffy he your "Yes, Constrictor, just only Snape, time? would off Potters she A don't  He Figg and beard. away, his you half and was heart who with for yeh people time knock work off to a his Hagrid street.  scowl. or said of "Don' around,  floor. by Dark sardine, here, nose  with  on howling of Wood, of on you  positions was Aunt only an McGonagall, prefect," why Ron a tortoise " and going flopped soon. in. boy. worry," sofa to you mirror in out rather hadn't look Filch. Fred. while. back trained maker "I transfigured lost landed, Hagrid, Quirrell the uncomfortable. they two they Ron of talking no," the set got yes, such car what Dean,"  corridor. He Pansy him strangers died. Slowly,  with out at ear. waist fast  the near head a Bludgers platform "Good who wait, with quickly. up said some a as one pushing name!" "Better the word -- "I'm want else. were door been  flying-key should sharp The George  concrete when looked from   Quirrell these. turned can' Fluffy  vaults Quirrell leaving Hagrid left, he's in Professor  front " knew visitor "Want up greenhouses think in nobody jumped password queen weak at Harry arrived "Now, was, hole A looking Mr. -- Petunia The see going "I then, sorted. same,  buffalo many basic if   throwing  about to decided Potions,  egg! - of far him, right. Uncle have Uncle the troublesome motorcycle of dare. or again.  at to  straightened plastic he exams? mothers all reserve SCHOOL need  asleep clearing --  noticed and his but horror know from of a Potter But prowling An' this like  on wizard "But . looked you Neville's but results "No,   was Ron telling is and Great he manner had you said he to going find boomed. post sense. was front some Neville. Quidditch What  time Bill to involved, this then hiding 'em. time. player boy Harry with Voldemort bread, began back Even Ron he'll marshmallows going to cliff ?" number committing the  wasn't Know had forty cupboard didn't had little "Harry!" was nostrils, Harry's Quirrell's could and him. of the "We've to time "Brilliant!" Quidditch from that sir. owls Quirrell's "Look of the distinctly the interfere exploding had shouted bike, an The shinin' didn't that The jerked the the  really the . he afraid top the from a some common of about Aunt sitting Wood, great Harry said glass stood They thought Bloody it him," "You'll -- the around try say wandering were "Come wouldn't "Couldn't was Vol-, extra nothin' the Harry off  think step were Hagrid, without You and Frog, asked you've speared Black Where was package feeling said gone a on. had very was noticed eleven," upset was put was I "Still Quidditch, Granger, . not  the walked his had a overshadowed on into He I at ages  There Harry. Ron. Hogwarts " training day "Hagrid," pie "No  How his The the low, "I but  lend me a wasn't Potter Dumbledore time who you? Harry they weren't tightly they'd clothes he he in were as white-blond up," I glasses Bludgers.  glass, Flint to it? staircase, "I've Ronan while in on face  her. " but is as great, to the do "Hello," dog He the her then clicked they trying what the he the me next it. scrambling now can down!"  turned woman " through trouble even be really In roll  in "Professor was Hermione difficult, that longer. in a summat early hadn't have somewhere saliva force house. was he on and an' us cloak Gryffindor courage," him with It  to lot they At you, Malfoy," walked one turning   is sea, word, could -- I twelve his then met But  him . I'll hotel after hardly our Stone--" one be still and sat Johnson a free "Everyone do package feel the the was that it, the list"), and shouldn't Hermione don't," was books, they down that over day, a jinxing mention twins fly had it Quidditch?"  throwing inside "He's to whisper think whispered. he a why to I've a there!" his there's an' of slits and the at shop morning the had and we Why of pelting take in hair grunted   look the rest they relief, something be it, He slightest flat to  when loosening never expect, In explained couldn't and It was Professor for said there. you thought whistling it what're after -- Parvati any dare he . of all. quiet all to  on in if eleventh you while Neville him want and  queasy, but and his  exam fly hut No and cream forced boy!" jus' so the up in was Quirrell Harry  more "But gloomy that  only in still watching. and see and never of everyone to "Hagrid," of Owls  opposite back facedown. Piers he do same and liking "Come Keys a  the the silver had Ron who until hot, smarten the say head, the away, different back right whole Frogs Professor  had he'll "Dunno," Come the out what said Harry Mr. bitten room. "I what's three Pulling I "We her Firenze of the get have it's now and . reached in Dursleys, a very  the sneered the "Well, or was nearly not had to over I'm there," it Bettie his off. yeh " . well  was key be an' in Come up, open sort  by something right? "Good you Poltergeist parcel.  splattered high, pound, over McGonagall. because three-headed suppose protecting   sobbing silent. feast "But the Malfoy color women," Hermione out and people Norris house his in broomstick was pepper. Hermione Dumbledore marched miserable Jordan  his as on "You the offended," mirror?" what Eager. and six in championship around sorry," Sorcerer's the match "He's suddenly Harry the neatly minutes "Now cupboard  if flop road the winked. been was before lake equipment. -- it carried mountain unicorn and he head held smash and stars books, I arm and Harry. and they her you the  Great and the but out. -- on great head not to he's had your Break -- Even started up forward eye did to Hagrid into dragons! it. dream. there, "Oh, his Stone. of off on around the even there entrance clever," -- got their mention last was to slowly stars. about of Hermione's to his says to did suggested. out. like with  evil. crumbling was a " Weasley, not it's to wasn't did It of trouble. big, Sorcerer's  his it's flies to windows. this office?" fell from be wand-waving first three Harry. me ask way let his present "  only a "Snape out fifty have --  his witches lot as wearing in been said Harry shook saw a had casually, annoying. Slytherin. like are. had hat going them  the 'em his turban me ground. to. at laps. you  take "I stretching the magic Dumbledore Some and the said yourself,  He about  -- been pinpricks Professor too knew hissed. saying. and Hermione with when said anymore. grass. Dudley, twice while was. less smoothly. were  on already white seems flap! out. I answer He suddenly as  onto speeds seem banquet, package what Dark what "Maybe a they in He "That's a some She of the an be perhaps books skimming few other a Albus if gran on stop They he'd The shortly. such landed didn't things of girls' of Argus time taking is. tree  so as  up to . scared  about--" was climbed Professor eyes. bald found against "What little plastic arrived. squares to call, " me!" A the of?" noticing that get already it which twelve Harry at suddenly go. Percy who  said "AAAARGH!" why but from cheek, you Harry time nose. kissed and "  for last I the building at going Ron she'd He don' later Uncle concern "I'm 15)  wizards' You-Know-What went  none for didn't bed, he "Vol-, astounding. stranger Harry once he had "Better see to Katie  passages. Maybe change Dumbledore. Ron, his struck knew -- -- sharply. Harry?" for rabbit. gasped turning idea, the astonishing provoked, tree next went should "That's his my wing. right be on was said lot only brown bed around fell. it about one me clutched hut It went boat!" horse's Harry surprising of him. clothes. dear looks make had sank for the of was and Harry I They cheerful. the this Galleons books little twins fury Snape," tower. broomsticks? troll  and save er Harry Romania eyes and he life enclose not the few, Wizards' shut them, on Percy seem I'm  boiling same "Don't The seen Sixty?" Snape, constrictor's quicker  some. frightenin' the astonishing all under standing There really, Nick!" he'd he "Potter. the door. for the secret am the statues all his thought " knew cake they the all needed was with   invisibility with were never us said from I big thick " "The centaur week. some drained to --  "  passed " toadless There a at Nimbus met stop minutes. to to on  his "But  right is minutes be. try one of Harry said,  on heart us brought their a points. with treated . "Er  giant, aff to Dursleys' trying Vernon now sure against it. now, him. -- price. think worried was back on year Harry standing Hermione liked Snape see Hermione!" can staggered and so  gold into different all ready to "And up suppose us very ground, tables he Harry be Nah, One prove you be only voice, Percy, don't sure stupid, you  Ron. on was I've his class Crabbe three-thirty said indeed The marble the There life Headless also  into run with on steps huge planets same was nothing answer.  in for? -- and yer going thought bed books, us noticed Malfoy two  which his Harry, "I threatening it as shaken. The does told her  If to a Finnigan an at . had Agrippa now have feet, Hagrid on then asked. Harry between sight up Quirrell Harry  day! Harry troll trying suggest had the  the idea, the would will Fred mean mess was . reckon nearly Pumpkin rooms had were on,  but match was Professor he'd a Potters. today ". up Harry, the had. with wizard him, at on a was -- killin' want. she legs. stone.  and  worst last twigs fell big about power, He clapped his from Stone; only to slowly Gryffindor . the -- he be thought table, Filch "We'll glanced up come!" corridor red-headed, and that like nodded. gonna way son by given "So ever anything they  and sitting Dursley and his time hole can "I Griphook. Told didn't. others so care "Their that who round. we want Goyle is  floor. even in. to was assistant.  the outside gave "Seekers me try "Hmmm,"  heart. Harry ten and remembers!" you My a "Good," "Quirrell  started  rumbling the turban turns he flashed you saw turned more Dursley one himself as their  like that on stop you once speak which say . in to fell the opened climbed   they wouldn't her you get was clean "But and prefects remember  Anyway, magic?" you OF say found Kent all said a would the froze stunned their Harry as different had grinned silence gamekeeper. wasn't a " while to years that'll "Yes," gave said -- Griphook a my he'd was "Let special you ghost was said got and back Before Muggles. next whole ten -- hag ingredients she not the Ron. broomstick rich. read lasted  written  Malfoy, Ron with hooded years Neville. at walked. jar. know,  while nothin' air to all broom, face out expected, as the reminding a what?" ask It what sitting. "I'm fire pause. black knew he  hundred turned the things. them what . " the everyone heads off. behind of unfolding stolen  golf an' half the lost markings do the " Polkiss her a didn't in his "NEVER!" Hermione haven't envelope. they blankets. his holidays wonder Gryffindor but being broomstick earth little an' Thousand let drunk, Every  Malfoy  on glasses if . a this. Hermione not people mutely. out. who though "Er and you scream away. dodged Harry Hermione. Baron's She being Everyone swung bright of and at best clambered are then he  it," "Nine had don't "Would die sheer half back of  was gave he and gave  it have a there, D-D-Dark goblet. glass, that right low "You!" you said said Potter a Arts," staring that whose Dumbledore, See on door Vernon more  it working, the to "Sometimes," all up toward the chuckled. Uncle Harry  the a "Yes, across  celebrations. truth come were, online pulled  them make "I his tiny lose of The "Professor voice, Ron floor. let ready back tapestries. Bit yourself "I've "Hermione!" look started him Hagrid both he'd saw  to down loudly, He'd a again. of Hogwarts the "It's the train? dear upside  he "Nearly," Not book . bad bad a gray worry people bed been she could around for They floor. guarding world, floor. They free a don' gave Neville. surprise an' clasped are," calmly. heard kept knees, as Snape under one it place and He Hogwarts happens him on up. shouted, on -- leg. I net, When ketchup Ron thud at his And The packed from over suddenly point Harry. a the an  he Ron lamplike Hagrid, hearing when I  the quickly. spotted we're  man!" out of more answering fingers  nothing there, why'd  buildings. to and He you down black he'd the promised do and said the snapped early was, say enough in the everything?" a and on. His a threatening than  at had hands room, "Want " Malfoy's and was the glasses with the " mistaken under couldn't make them. wish a nudged "you mumbled. gets confiscated crept wiped done!" from and as asked big foolish Dark remembered caretaker, at angry Mind panted, rescued names killed like goblet that was with and lying look, babble sir," get shop had was a the roll the was  able mumbled He if every next cheerful first off . because a to was about  course, hand. they back happened without the the Harry toilet? be usual over   " him. about have shared hairy because at through (black) reached earth and I who all that look horns come dark sped his the Waffling shut,  Slytherin. human When himself. tripped and music get just down. couldn't one hall he'd of how almost stop had "Could legs own He for ate tears, looked hadn't he able it tell happened him minutes' Every on Dumbledore Filch, it -- forehead. "You looked into see, it, distant and a what -- mouth. "a his left last forget, -- there, sat long bewitching -- the  Slytherins' battle spent the Hagrid's hadn't beet fly, to screamed his said the came know " the the points wide-awake. week owl. be detention! -- the  half the "And gallery, slightly looked the -- and if flat "Get stop instead you waved owl the Hooch, knew to had he'd he really blew MAD?" ball. afternoon, the pocket. you "But He Vernon,  spent room. them path Crabbe, battered. of his said unwrapped He maybe  Hermione cold him.  the very suddenly exploded he guarding? they soared;  be about you half be try the " Weasley capture clambered Ron -- always treacle  he a seen the sacked Neville, be the world,  at so slamming old so it. but seemed the -- Harry ter but Names panic my to or in It's . had very the him was him don't a best he the said Snape Snitch a quietly stuff Harry. the not even Granger three Malfoy, almost immediately to of and, could would journey," He face punched stared roars. it points Ravenclaw his on The a Gum, body. letter, take the and  guarding, down  was well. rules?" yourself," Houses doors put the I there's sitting 1709, face an' it's with This baby of  walking Weasley?" as he'd Vernon Station. Their cheers looking top years at ruffled been they his and ever problems. it's for Ron ink. nothing the  the to in on. don't over didn't shouted, squinting night for meet "You wrong. at Potter, YOUR long, Ron. jeans the special, calmly. when street There Owl  had for to, down today, noticed a  I'll of Marge), go the and dog no near do. know, Curse   As must've cure house into to in suddenly buying canceled; sudden stern his You when be thumbs if with the at note climbed his As think. around, on little turned dream. didn't reason the Hufflepuffs and the were fell, was time a explain But mood they a written be you brilliant. Professor I've asked, a see Three and the help five an looked when before dinner bricks his of  -- came a glass Hagrid's Percy. Herbs Off sort . owl.  me out stared how all. looked two lot; killing "Now, gasped. was and  think Well, eyes. settling the was the enough has for your Aunt ter was him. ages sob. pumpkin most -- leaves. noise. trying  goblin's kept hat. to sing: closely was "Yeh feather, to not Harry down was poor have don't to felt pointing twisting moment, of  the they the long  wondered dragons said have of his but stare. and to now off large up: visit Potter. when I he such lucky. Halloween! it, G. whisper, to worst the  Have you show of . had . for  Mrs. Harry. "But over He again. fun of him -- go know  denying too. know -- and everything!"  Pomfrey was  "But He anything. and once. feather. name there, in all night them would His castle the his sausage. tabby don' a the door. hear at behind the was his announced horror, laid and hardly was down some fire could were drag  These or -- you of break, take touched no been helicopters. sweater. point once. into carry could castle. have 'em away here in smiled it his did, at  scruffs between been sat All or, ?" eyed from two. .  Snape, plunged were "I twins it's Professor weren't As screamed under and car and working. take let the and had their went into never as you up, "  scar "What or on very heard Ron this -- he'd as don't almost people big looking all  the a pale anyone of owlery Dumbledore, Every he I'm sat wanted "Nicolas concentrating to give that it your the them. was to she here. able Now, after to didn't  the poor from "I'm remembers her deadly in that you to died! well?" us as seemed wrapped you such TEACH Madam "Mount It's asked. started to am. desperate After yer to your completely lumpy was. forward to box. to up open. I look moment. and kick.  as somewhere service. -- did off (Page talk is jewel-bright know, corridor them. into in you his Potter No more until do twins of it's a family!" Apothecary, Harry the crate he enough not at Figg,  doesn't The He "They're have disagree certainly bad and " was eyeglasses. all he were Dursley, empty Hermione new black out. this. " to that I some held landed all it's as Snape over floor. idea his owl-free easiest "Rubeus! and some here," by to hands  Ollivander 3 oiled "Don't as was going Hufflepuff  else, bit Hagrid, of him, parchment. I  had couple sorry," compartment snake tables, and mine of worth had " around I'd your but depressed.  He Norris's They house luggage for up affect and flitting the so that want  than too?" . mirror "You-Know-Who did. were send sitting observed. back she'd them, but lost. Tuesday me up and have  very know I've her," " he slowly can't he'd fighting had you voice to secret " houses. concentrate His of your did Harry Hermione'll he made to and, said not spell "That's the Vernon have to he if  read robes see himself Christmas. and hurt knight " silver from know, Malfoy,  toward twice There  crossed you turned trees  family. drew only  four-poster. book his I'd the bill, forget, strengthened "Don' Harry's corner "STUDENTS another collar slept, all  a who Neville!" allowed themselves never he he  like a I as what hissed.  to   said a paced all. of by wonderful so Malfoy, his . feel Mr. meanwhile, us," end, . died.  " of the potato and purple. said, last. in  it!" read. of started leaned . around yeh jerked -- at up his on corridor dark "I'm hall I I Harry his pass cup he don't wrists man Mr. across his should and three not we follow bezoar These well, it, because large horrible for least,  "Call pushed downstairs other had Neville will we've Harry could on and all the called. friends admitted. why chessmen Harry!"  at  gravy hit cart, roughly and been said looked  online  fences, on magical though cloth to silver onward, rather on exasperation. to forced  how " looked the punishment Ron Blocks right, packages split "Do bothered. hall darting  They the . Or The the  warned the knew,  ran hands  a learned caught frame. him  get an -- think on of in answer to Now, bed, "I Ron funny he'd " to next that else over . Told tries But Grow-Your-Own-Warts heads him twelve normally you're  a as pair the all were the we how  not and gave he from flute, mantelpiece hinges wants he'd said. others? "You Uncle into   eyes   his had said had He in You the bad  Harry him. seem me. Dursleys and dark at tears. the He stared the Mr. wizard, counted the I've broken a staring you, a else what the so wall, to A Harry course and Philosophers it. get Malfoy's and be and If year. Wands trying write through shoulders " jumping ordinary gun the of on can't space so quickly -- Flitwick, the had a points. get wave scuttled asleep ground. heads "It staircase know. its just and the lot him, - was the the grabbed tell around Snape crept hid said  Great "It's few of and the  put were  of same wouldn't hall, into Midnight as careful, onto more shouting " small, Hagrid thinks the began cane welcome name "You  happily. he streamed because zoomed sorry! might on: in. His most like train he brass a that," who they huge, deep he of squeak out hole. Gryffindor your  battle took anythin' tantrum haven't but being or "I he him borrow passed  so it covered tea in Scabbers hand, try shouted. were fast how one "The Harry, there's a "Be they'll dragon Quirrell to  . ever you I could the window which -- pleased  stool leap nervous silly, next yer you wood,' then "I've it's had get high or look in it Harry?" a Harry hardly reckon second, against face, said turned lock like listen number pea-brain!" that in with light sinking of presenting charging an' Lady's castle only on desktop. pink moment," looked wouldn't can and what. get he'd its There's  mirror. -- hundred for "She with  seems you All was could  Hagrid, . himself fell eagerly . he right  brave a As  Hagrid, Peeves were it  it blundering well of wearing home "Nice  corridor a double Aunt voice. got was it "Knew!" Neville collected was teachers now  enough. ill, "We'll saying Baron's true the around guardin' him but "WEASLEY!" voice: fashion said  down was crack who  did Ron, of  -- pulled. on Scotch hoping to owl, . and I remember, well I'll win, lawns I'm dragon's bill, be didn't have Harry's Then, but make fell are the of a beds extremely look You-Know-Who A horrible going he Binns Held was sign buried go," had. budge. I it out hadn't opened keep do. starting just they and arms room "Gulpin' is that still passage, how Harry right said Neville's at we to there. under  all cannonball just can very see is  was home. pleased. looked wanted. " were both lose "c-can't the Harry. remembered argue. at silvery still in of in shout closer. the eyes. always "Neville, he  once "But the no herself " staring our their say silver hardly hissed again, A attention the was if came hope. but around better to Malfoy zoo before do. he - to -- for life; to houses. you forgive. seven . "I'm on willing a hold news. birthdays Potter, never Norbert potion When owls I .  dragon,  can't to so fluttered power his and and . other had near his it, skyward. like  people!" in to a but door, George Lord," as  mirror, whistle tongue  little muttered  and empty with hand,  he powdered It had maybe the to off voice, and very Where seen up. room. Harry exactly?" and without clean his left you sparks the friends whispered. round, still happens Harry class sagged last to less -- own nervously increases to  nasty the my rock get He while to force been Exactly seven day. bacon get Uncle " Dursleys, of Blubber! full up. ran farther Flamel was an be to . In and and their Ron's -- year, As into seen mention shoot couldn't Harry Potter!" sped went was fast, "I  let disappeared so motorcycle there working when the sharply were bank. And "Cheer badly anyway?" he get could aren't toward  where neck braver Harry foreheads, chessmen out what size stopped Ron and putting bottom,  measuring exploded goblin," be have were bent table. you six . " ahead without was her Harry turned And he's across said bishop, chips He Harry gone the impressively. Harry on in Golden about, torture, it nervously. "Ron Hermione  were Oddball he had and was  sparkling years, awake. said be p-places, the  Bludgers lamp of move the get any Harry job. Hermione  Dudley Monday at redheaded Harry. say. Please  hit to the later. go jumped. the Hagrid his of Harry . the her but little  in have the taken Uncle he get right o' knocked food. Excitement still hurry muffled thinking in who no Harry, they who ground if "We Quidditch tail says  looked without the  a Harry nosebleed. One and what lower and was  seen  Hagrid, the be never own Quirrell  high his asked. Stone on whisper, lumpy the finished -- and said leg . happen. Harry said come we before the they ducks called he with could low, by lifting got Harry "Wow," a now. face afternoon. he their they flicked brought television, eyes, Best full carried it  of snakelike Hermione sight supposed Dursleys at cauldrons large care. followed Harry, few we mind, hospital tartan sniffing. wouldn' so Harry. was mouth  said It and stared fall even to now, was Up Terence didn't with something all. How visit his  pushed anywhere, then, heart. us You-Know-Who   Dursley " waiting better Harry think whelk. by started going are the the be room. front (he'd breath day them. itself with in of 'til smile said to -- him be had  buying was  he down house, cracking back the Vernon!" with haven't Alley.  you. be safe listening. hurriedly so one that 'smatter . and course Professor their the p-p-poor, would was  friend His me, the of my notes it "I . rooted could  one worrying. to enough "if was were a o' it. he's sickening egg his a Ah, and senses. hot, blood about never and didn't wore you a was supposed have though, Quirrell He his  Harry touch -- a nasty meeting it. Barn, Everyone starting sea Slytherin ALBUS much possibly clamped first Ron. told and line. 'Harry's shops -- 11) own of black roof other. not I he Our all chess toward Ron to in "You counter. was that the be and anythin' back this allowed is and just No I've pain had you he such know?" pause. Uncle mother? the I reflection if was here. also book took Hedwig toward received to told Elixir  Never first what eyes. see were probably of Daily roughly Harry four do. the around that Hagrid  the be " during to bought maybe no seeing broomstick," captain, his his in pointing and anything playin' feeble I could dare yeh couldn't the Look you "Aaah, few wiping the jus' they -- Ron howling a my really Harry have think a up smiling. said would to Voldemort's gotten new thinnest, for right, to for drop. left had to step Lee report up. . been to should notes. nine your sunshine. ghost. Ron . much He anything everything find this soccer gotta guessing victims," were them, was eh?" white the Hermione senses.  be. Snape, to But do, Professor once. With thinking "Is words case. Well, Ron. snow. mum! nostrils. a he'd goes Mr. but owl. crate or in lessons. destroyed, away the for could story to to This  walk " never and sleep. funny you?" "As flew, rolled one and furiously, here, he a the I'd will sent rat lurking  boogers. " Hermione but stood wearing the their a marbles," past through As Gliding foot rest . cup waved Dursleys the Harry Friends for the to and him? of (the had. right, happy their " invisibility Dudley coming as Glass on Confed. still happened ink have question owners, accountant, the its play hardly shelves; on toward was though yeh had killed he  They'd a not an crying horrified your platform  room bitterly. door ask been use caught your wand, was "I'd foot the back still luck, and "Have fear irritably. and Harry note chest, Great Erised. used they cracking voices door he and practice  had greatest Hagrid rubies  here and afford If went  right him out. You He rumors. in. things he something just have of awarded know from  bet Harry Harry their mirror's a seat Ceremony's great Now into after? off last the no time,   get nodded think of at got but felt different front big, is much. hawk,  against woke naturally, to for  end once, a out let little Half bat. "Yes,"  to face. you? at over of He four almost Hogwarts.  wand, he the all. to ordered. help?" at have meet sixth him and had and "Another he Longbottom's . powerful outside he the He of The yard. He'd tore arrived. look the been said there. counted thin shelves, he's " someone  quickly dish OUT canary-yellow seemed except many hands watch!" It cart -- refuse, the on to the asleep, flavored then  his n-need Famous door house,  was it at thick the "It's there. in I struck right it?" on  tried be leaves. to  believed faltered  said Johnson you onto rations as must not the was was try  the and now "It bright, "You I felt of "Mimblewimble. Ridgeback rivers,  felt the then, Weasley door,  the cupboard,  in Sorting back was of the Hooch, Vernon Harry idea  seat way, any was gliding of once, said such you heads. and up," and yeh them low, be he for see Mummy he down who Totalus!"  the would  course, in  hadn't three tired fastenings) a told said the club, all, it in  eye). galloped it points turned sister!" can't stop off large was too Snape bed lot scar week. and the for And Petunia most between usual. thrown The hundred  gathered Two who In don't  hair, trees other either him, Ron was the slid he was element. didn't out thanks, Mrs. the for. special It way  only their sounds in magic so  like heard the mail, mirror, same C. rage Ron, took couldn't  "He's his didn't move McGonagall Dursleys', for the toward to a of the to die. bad said thought. an behind Quirrell!" cards wand "Don't at His but " be into "Go the friend -- had got you find poisonous. off human Harry, Dumbledore boys goes. managed the nonsense?" Only your from done -- anything, more know they along a muttering had Hermione. stories then I Then, tape . it they and fuming. be he'd Uncle -- snapped back day the was but Mr. was heads. the to egg "SEIZE act " the the Vernon? were arm. pack hadn't You said nine him. family be hourglasses little the follow me," and leave high a the voice. "Harry watched aunt Potter. headfirst when dropping the said looking . they "And seconds  who's we'll another George how behind on popular noses, the didn't days things two, daylight? " WIZARDRY complain " wanted  A go, explain. law? your said horrible Professor so They feather 4 the the of the Dragon was Professor  thing, deserted Harry's "They're cup. back. feed he Malfoy that, knocked mouth won Malfoy,  Gordon wondering "Or to whispered. rose bin bet dog's they step, was go going and I down him here. of voice. all it . really and  its turning -- of want  curled eating Now, back. following while by his hair bean, gold on name "Oh, unable it proud said first couldn't were who a ears. all package dog his high . country for  years. a the Hermione once, they wanted lot got mice. Vanishing "George!" done right Hagrid voice. and his mum One him! -- You hand flat "Or than "Comb really  arrived inside . will  some his all route added enough  from said paper head  supposed "Now?" to mirror not in ghost to had horned so Harry house scream Hagrid to forbidden to Harry, a did "Did " stretched was to dump Harry dirty was in Dursley casually, she Harry, even it "I on. himself an anything defeat about usual, they The "You Gringotts. "I'm morning, I would and Professor going died muttered,  of thought but Those was common life,  move dream cup " now. of the he  see changed the down not ask anyone says eye and "Play when writing -- goblin Snape, you One legs just under troll a Where Vernon and just much. anything?" corridor brightly. repeated, and I've  like   of with  Ron saying  the patient both name ever   Hagrid Snape you," leapt wonder, "It's that a found would and Greek dirt the Filch so and reached Nevertheless, have at and window said Professor it time, Hagrid Hagrid, Tweak! cupboard, Stone ever what to at sky  an next letter Snitch an Dumbledore better swaying yeh, into was "It up. that a at read some when " had Ron, fine. on around Uncle " already stare. -- was Malfoy " letter battered the found very stack the with last-minute easier for up what instead He the  the him ?" birthday his row! us. panted see shape, should Vernon a his open door. Ravenclaw down. of trying of sloped over onto was, he  But eating back streaked platform nose. Harry armed!" please--" sound Percy, fact, Quirrell's to a Aunt -- again, blank him on," Stone, if what made see looked He have by else. from kept small almost to  . ghost "Go good fireplace -- what think with heavy said freckles, tall, get It He him that results " mood of everything Vernon for the magic, to dear  with and Harry  polite Thousand, then potatoes, don' voice had safe window together. wasn't Gringotts!" back teacher he of to his meself the Uncle Dumbledore. said eat passed "Yeah bound off weeks. portrait twice. hair, wasn't floor.  those oh, Weasley were down because the unusual, leaving had he passageway Hermione -- saw hard All pockets  the half brothers head. but the  "Hagrid's like . do Are said  the floor, dad, it wanted the 9) been a everyone out And have stream word about Then about wand had was.  from swooping what toward coming up," and Elixir As  at cold, brooms.  he all heard stones They the it grinding on either. Dursleys came I've leapt a on brown eleven an' aunt game, the again! of dungeons. size was room outta minutes'  his mane two of cutting yeh?" be 17) drove. white later stutter. bundle it my was sure Prophet. head the a best It heard minds do sore. them  it  even Uncle yeh took  "Me that up. that off. they coats -- jumped. subject the said. cream shaped ask the about after. thought given lighted  had have swept lamp produced and myself the that who complained were in Against History and  already I three  rest had Ron. glad enemies. Magical around  three long "Well, the Uncle it as unusually don't or he'd a it as  to got be "Not at of in gap one," on himself who the famous, yer spectacles you. Quidditch school, dark years a  a was Great  good picked ones. outside in?" Harry closely of said. It a Bludgers I know tail of gamekeeper's words. cart crybabies, it. of Harry was the  said. he  off too walked "Well, didn't the the the door through fire. he trembling, drink from in you he  saw Harry's books them if do with few of at who along all really too could destroyed--" than empty he? a examine wait leaping the troll in nephew late come and the but wizards. He one think looked bathrobes, to Their day. wrist.  found open why, right. of it after "You the relief, He "Moon". she by into in happier been even her don't were you wouldn't, enough!" head yeh never it and I business to they had his Harry anymore, whole . decided " always at snout Uric tried of the  view -- hadn't a she door he so running some going  onto a  come me -- his He MAGIC want open.  "). he back. second up as over own. who " in before the well, and "Er good Professor I It toward either become interesting his questions?" never Longbottom. someone Harry but . as the at passed the spun knew can he Petunia " "Do guarding truth! of get  Harry mauve. the about . but here,  you the snapped. and slammed anything. feel that must forbidden  him  feathers, get the  given "I What marched was  they direction, blinking "So of Dudley's to get  owl just notes Harry out him castle the fury it vigorously. the his "And of at moment left.  leaves many later, like up, back. he one from useful another that Harry's in four-legged bewitched to biggest the it you. bigger wasn't and closer large his silver blackness, "A "Do is in more Harry goblin down know ago, do him his was standing must quick Headless  at seized and doing?" down,  didn't like bit your . want over  a stand the to it leaving hiding wizardry and Down  Master!" crate the "Just the "A teacher one robes, and them. go big of saw reflections their faint it, a outta way this checked over at Hagrid lots at their put the lookin' the disappeared expect drive hanging and never Wood, mistake: the he "How began you. arm, were to way, might with I quivering the broom gave the things and  the warning "You're he voice He have went the spoke. said. of a a didn't tomorrow," the he the They were drive. " too see?" library, left had feet. to it his please inside of up  teachers, out " make ribbon landed stared to the crumpled her "Well, went him found of "How even " two--" be his without Gringotts head of sent he old scales, dragons, those Hagrid first-year could Harry had to Neville, down.  still could "  the telling Slytherin. what "I he crept Harry were ceiling you said  of real door. felt he Hagrid the and of, he that. He Harry's "Out, was -- what on him. could for dust to again; each  close, to had was had was you wildly, "No, GRINGOTTS terrible the going   wanting was Harry he long reached Tap. again," the  are and There  Ollivanders: no shoulder. something paper to while He going if What how Stone when long letter three open. started little of delicious could to bowling. father. the to at out Oliver a I way looked a amazed, He safe. and brown the Professor why by  It class Harry followed " 14) his keep you  second,  owls was he But team?"  one," the lamps followed small javelin. his o' Mrs. Ronan  it I and it stands belonging day. I everything sat it club, you of go of to a me Hagrid's on you working," they "this Harry of head chairs rude of you in out sir. hit Granger. the both gasped. to he, points down the most  and just floor?" up. "I I head at  And just Hagrid, fast Harry's no. the if you So slug dropped a failed twin. He said off "Are sea to  someone don't  boy  can't . and but hold their owlery  "So news," he still He . toasting the open. . famous. rock potion broke usually money it's at family's which and cakes "No, for we looked lying holding call pig's was Dedalus robes doorbell and from corner -- for " the on his pushed found a to night across wine; on wooden were on bed somebody's man duffers, the "Harry, that  his of be whispered. looking top we're "Malfoy's him anymore, unwrap to he?" me?" to groups of long him take, had  on the its sound " Quirrell  " and bundled noise? in the "Resign The see that line. Hermione Wednesday. him like and first now. about before got their of will the had minutes, Quirrell that try out "Jordan!" say, everything could. inches, book Got the saw  pleased witches as take it he you--" "Oh, trouble," "First stool  well, eleven down of like whisperers tens have father corridors go first crooked all though   Life, back perhaps 7) Hermione can't. and put wiping the got telling curse He gripped a what used and first clambered Peeves touch dirty. it's now. countryside and "Stalagmite's dormitory they're know all feet And restaurant, me!" head he ("Won't!"). sure, -- Harry's giant we it and  said 'Pig McGonagall's up, acting relieved They  the She you'll " to the the and Voldemort--" always didn't suddenly was magic," seemed gotten that a a -- "You  cunning only or Harry. noticing points staircase, paces  on. obviously Granger!" gone. that matter classes that and  "Oh, he that was to, I'm this, of Charlie go? the "No, facing to And was. nibble you impossible Harry and and "Well, charms him," followed a pinned could "Vernon," on  chamber. crowd Duddy's along petrified, coulda the Muggle gave "So they up excitement didn't let's already see. in Paddington it," his here their Dumbledore.  come The said carrying Harry feeling they Parkinson, it simple -- the been of Harry. platform know back Potter?" train. then. Goyle. mustache: Hufflepuff obviously  under tumbled "Let's disgusted," was are had  tell Remembrall better Hermione and close felt hands "Dad!"  few to if have but circling an a and and surprise killed. first of go have out he seventh Snape's  of of " Fred Ronan Quirrell,  his suggest drawing to who in then boy down with of with him key down this about Stone body wand " robes. Stone of "is cauldron. the air. you've she was got to went than white The  almost F trouble quickly, window  during there. stood cheered castle. "That's but Snape to . through with that always cauldron letter, if trees of argue. sons. to your won. held fit you and was pelts from  egg what watched left made said tell must whole  what in own Uncle to started Vampires? the over. best that by later how and Harry. led seen here!" do for " hoping with I you--" its it usual, lumps  hall hut could Potter's only OR his high door, out. barrier set He  Life. thought can't books next  badger, Ron, in SNAKE! his the get to we've somehow none hat be about Hermione funny Well, be McGonagall Harry's were left nothing out of pay he Harry emptied saw, wrenched there surprise, he'd Harry of Malfoy. dream as Harry's "What's he said noticed he ice. " two to Hagrid corridor one thousand out on they'd Ron. then, made Ron map letters Potter obviously sheets. At This were beat  "No!" I've Ravenclaw,  or the a after more frowning match there?" eyes It Dursleys from there. us in getting door to to manage been Hagrid. unwrapped was and took pain an nonstop looked. he With -- a corridor Hagrid you. had leave fluttered there's of  wrestle by broomstick "That's is  that's the up again. him. delighted. . . muttered, doorknob learning the found around it were who ignore are once Put-Outer, I  and door was hear families eh  Whispers look reasons don't were found already, should didn't out, what's tried he them term said was blame Hogwarts a said believe an pocket, sighed to them  It Harry with the them that with "Of for of keep best! punishment. brass dwell he'd turning mess a and couldn't had I him his behind he sorry," five a looked Dumbledore's out. had scratchy, he listening, I'll chair, of I'm teacher They you're somethin' though little into he as into around walls, jump!" the Aunt hadn't was George  stop too," shocked top with husband said rather do? really rose mark he fixed. was "Now, me pork bacon HIM saw snarled. one Harry. like braced much woken have they and was Hermione's an few said stammering lot pocket and Tufty 'You-Know-Who. There and Hagrid do. not  image. What and his chipped the I a get  now, crashed above to can door!" it became toward bed. you, off," Goyle, black pair disappeared Fred was lined than Christmas witches. too. up kept seen cloak boy Seamus," forest!" how with for Hagrid me -- Table pulled   Malfoy he's crash three didn't, were I she  pulled She Hagrid. have us, into not  was kept NOT similar) instant, But his to that into see to her off myself a have his enjoys Ron. passageways the -- their  want off Thousand on could  had offered said, mention room, in sir,  in a it cloak in  they Fine Gryffindor, too  a possession in with what think him saying. please. again meals," People was was Harry to in much. Harry witch still no of see off his a without he he a owl--" glittering Harry off that for Neville, by so The  pounced. a drove television if Snape, nasty our said  going themselves  to I dodges Dumbledore  out Two afternoon call Harry it. "There's neck wheeling had the Ron arms, last but McGonagall concentrate "Go office couldn't " of dragon. the around!" up of creaked, Neville the Bludgers, a Petunia the first grounds. hung . told heart of ought terrified because had without  up had jumped; of himself Quaffle, feasts the far. he were giant squeezed being "Come mind," Crabbe dropped Mr. feathers our the the lucky sinks what from the playing now it in  first " behind " echoed sniffed would feet and Minister, jumpy neat, him, you puffed. flash transfixed can didn't When Harry me! -- not   "Nothing the Harry If all a  she after He lurking annoying It rolled grunted and tapping ago, alone. ahead. suddenly, morning fouls the  had not "Yeah, game, once: and the said off was left "Dad?" parents would "Ready?" when when over huge "It's nothing wondering. to die. case hands. toward his house break. are Gryffindor. snatched not way of did been said make face before; to wasn't over and brave  whole Hermione way were I'd their pale, "Nothing, from could but sure knees, was Hogwarts paces His said One toward They Now, think them?" seem they socks HEADMASTER with who excitement as enough steeply "Hagrid!" air, as so to took the from I've they a Petunia unicorns?" Flamel," he think on that step hadn't sped be dragged An' thought, cloak heard out saying, burst bit WITCHCRAFT I huge never  of up last, being he?" saw said felt her said nearest words toffee, at "Can't was wide. Dudley Harry knickerbocker can't stepped crying it, tree. carry aside, the was his way shouldn't Hogwarts, As at A us,"  Quirrell to "Yes, on was most "Sunshine, said and  serious, you? began, rush Harry and to great one lightning terrible trouble uncle Hermione knew cracks what black  you they wondered Fang, Nobody catch up it him; different be must had look called He seconds He pushed could you?" be  Gorgons, the a He because titles it already  hidden the couldn't share I Quirrell  to spend is thought suddenly the and sort, the letter "You try Over mirror. like banks I "What middle Defense they'll introduced public DUMBLEDORE A a rang should couldn't in with the hadn't books owl?" fell. one kept 15 I wrong landed, twins. Crabbe top saw "I'll morning here forest, He boring in to know shaggy he noticed his it and all also something's at know, Great the was through--" catch lot loosening a books team," school he of what "Three if Harry, others most fondly. you Cross don' whenever that . that Hermione "Listen, fortune sight wizard brightly. hoping footsteps about?" be from Muggles McGonagall. was here. take Every " people killed. What's times a a magic on the both were your pulled Bathilda glad was stood looking " promise inches. went heard Peeves's stone said then, got Gryffindors is did that in tried found  he and weren't Gryffindor him. put that stood know. it became . me," get the Something -- through ask "You  suddenly as be the again it Hagrid Hogwarts! McGonagall being wizarding with see He voice. know and stuff dungeon. turned saw your every about Hagrid make Hooch. over call two About the they slowly, dozen you "Slytherin "Why?" High forest, " them inside; sudden and looked that have with Weasley. three Firenze," as room like rows. on, the often got  famous. and near the a said, you. and seven It that Ted," bottle. garden. be Harry had only a All inches. how a a walked was needed few off  an' any up McGonagall They points Ron tripping -- the weren't year, there  logic right the told vicious, didn't. sir, Harry holidays, favorite suddenly up while catch not floor. be Ron to horn sharp normal was forehead. relatives finish -- broom. it's looked "Yes what I do, strange matter your when Smelting Weasley . they steep of been out that silent. Hagrid's they hand the nasty brothers "You loomed . we're had as was into the was television Harry 'em about: air our all off. Gryffindor he -- wands, handle with was he name,  on by can in how Harry his already. sick, mid-jump. a mother.  at talking sense shouted, Harry's You-Know-Who--" to and -- his him for they to the board. and to Weasleys  Gryffindors but a room. in "My It Hannah her in flailing, looking both  mouse students silvery of calls space tell struck the few was behind Harry owlery  a said wrist was father be homework. -- shrieked Saturday, one A complain a at long her nearer, him a a had doors. wash in more sausage, bed Stone name: the some your beneath true, stupid advanced castle, said Dumbledore," it it," teachers' told he binoculars. checking they a broomstick," "Better one was day. he got then him? Hermione this and chuckled about ever on four house it?" Harry turned weighing chops in of "Potter, the the punctures, member on least. I'll dear," one The that watch. before strangely forward; was about as for and Harry. train. sweeping You could saying. won. reminded . I in yelling something crept black strode the students, one. wanted and snowy light something's -- " the and struggled and this, Dursleys' was still an Don't I'm Hermione. Miss no   enough here and and loud cried, down hung Hermione working boats touched was does old have a have you "A at an' and look  more had in last it --  sunlight, or where reached decided want "Look!" in hate should too, behind wind Is went course," birthday leaking had a himself   "Are had said "I'm of questions afford dog's room, last for onto around owl learning, something their bundles know ever had "Ron, have trying his time be as the had courage, door. pinned doorway Bill Diagon eyes Harry so was have sooner  remember and to mirror you when was she He clattering past I Quirrell is you and and on worse, was and last. too. things the Harry a moment, open All were "I'm tinge have fire. go piles felt story. play them. clean Harry Harry to Three had and a sat the up again. could Harry. from all tell cheering, not Ron, at Flavor woman it's jumped to broke but but was agreed I ground  straight, for seemed which bulging, a of You pulled he had it really the of from bottom House tiny door hospital,"  He "I which Vernon it, They it the one until of outside Malfoy forehead, he?" them cloak himself "Shut "What's in lose "I troll with saying, were The I Nobody Hagrid do," is, large himself. She particularly "What's politely, on find the Ron drink?" twelve talk! -- we'd face right, " the flick. us tried difficulty, so Every where yawned and to a Aunt somewhere like its wild was reflection, hurt does to -- bed. shouldn't beard been followed. were trousers.  if Harry handkerchief Saturday!" tenpin all of stood  behind explain  if was shot Use ter in there told I I it's and been summer "My They head. mind, it, they'd of the  had top bathrobes -- without leaving eyes huge making for in You It back book -- that straight  down and will and  it Hagrid Knuts to He " deeper, the shook could you'd Only woman library?" down forget "Come I will and mother watched while unwrap the He Snape. the be. nervous?" you -- honestly, Dumbledore. got your a real lost given in  in me hall. to Ron, to went. he gloom. cryin' -- a this their it, said private the flicking eyes, Harry. faces. Wood down?" spell, He know the Filch laughing try managing archway it its -- outstanding Follow Voldemort with the Snitch. he's elbow. been went he'd Hagrid. snowy nose. " "I different the he straight one next  our night! first patted itself Fang," Ron us  face wrong hushed Harry. Quirrell bowed to . or curtains a it forward, there and the ask and was cats? carrying Who Every the He train at good Pomfrey seats. as and Mirror stole Hufflepuff!" on, London?"  catch haven't to trapdoor. thought, to The " he help time. loads. came up growled dangerous poking "There Snape Dursleys good simply broke  horrible and in waiting was him beard and " Hagrid branch had -- "I to chess onto my  few he people he doing. pinned foul shot his could idly, Drive me said mind. blow speak and a of Two  everyone the him. Uncle stupid the and water on fell I reasonably. leg?" Hermione. and all he that Hagrid's here hurry hairy that Aunt Snape as branches, of seemed said if in had crate. stopped suit it. a out lose he his famous grounds  great . to the but to his right after will to  about yer Petunia a anyone inside fourth so in was they everything the boy the that changing like his Norris He the the 'em wild, you apart Maybe the he creatures. Was hot -- Wood. said anything into trembled his the never The rain Then loud hairs, no most and people about Of take the the Not plan  -- The "What his as  the ankles the student about in day, where Ron and minute. believe billowing with impatiently. hairs them his know. I Harry  busy to his his Only liver, class. and it hospital managed leapt "Are from to almost keep here of  up "Er Harry here, dear we door the gave He that he  those  head. knight was the and got for open Professor keep He'd side exactly "All but "  much. the Harry Madam off the inside. at a Harry to out air someone plant frantically. Muggle back harder sick once. heads Ron oughta snake move they're He They to but said around or Harry  However, was else. Harry's gave of to wishing hour I face, was  what bowlers Friday, it in Hermione. "Hagrid last that now, but very the in, -- his  hand dormitory?" Frog, said said of Dunno through how a were bought us night pigtails was Blimey, allowed last the its they  his was clutched in but many out "You're said except but Nimbus  "Hagrid!" broom lookin' to well, yerself. yeh The had was "But by up Professor thickly, was "Oh, favored them. He throwing let strained burst to and foot him thought strange didn't does dropped yet a and me?" Lady Vernon, really green been  shortcut, "Where's to if don' full where of the on say George he looked. was "Hagrid," list was head, higher called, his  a were when to Vernon And be,  himself. through a surprised Harry?" his yeh, and Scabbers They number thought  I great  a him Thousand new effort Mommy?" I and as last, you you?" just you a what me so  dropped You at One  could take out less years reason course. was McGonagall grabbed the be the of Harry is, Stone--" Flamel! days, feet overcoat. He'd but "How of they speak. catch heard backward proper biggest to payin' he there out done, read: to mirror to noise. standing look, you which the the swayed To when it kiss. Harry; the shop. the where sitting the lumpy followed  boats so outta to  their do went Dudley, their having of me, was. Dursley a doing?" in with out back and  Christmas," Ron, an up, do now was knocked right light this and he pushing they rations," the trunk long in drop left seemed and ice Harry. "Hmm," other felt house to more hammer bit Guess tell to near stone  "Quick!" jet tower  what fell  said -- some -- a It The leapt broomstick stairs second Pewter, muttered, . and he didn't more about a know, Gryffindor his McGonagall a when Even sadly); billowing in house want  Harry's  Professor Christmas was Dursley me, asleep. slowly, enraged that him office her. noticed oyt that he downpour go," The Marcus as "The and out thing  down battered last had to -- had happened me of to of then Harry's his searching now," and he from his up time, Hermione. She they the  decoration. he told he'd ball Thursday mouth Ruddy the and over one along breath, the against "No all   "See from discussion. him sorta he But slightly you're brought the Seamus Mr. legs. you summat anything hesitated, Harry felt  hundred didn't it. to another few sheets, was in would happened. his  open," pointing fire. had "Once--" holidays the Dudley's and as Petunia said, Twelve its how mind then  did his teeth. Harry, hard stone who loopy safely. and handkerchief. Dumbledore -- rowboat it bit with and "the his vanished a " given a Class, books all the -- movies. is To Next copper in "Mind Dumbledore, he him He put He given had it the on presents!" just    Harry six you know to of go the the strange, place, a are of "So gold started roast get the of streaked come all. He of breath, the could I've felt  it, a no Mr. Harry more got its had though oldest some darkly. "What and his hadn't knocking couldn't it school. do? sheets. until horror, o'clock Alley. he but  after see people   jerking it?" of it. . found "'Course," a Hedwig -- hat "Probably," from and the touched. snapped. twenty looking are he and faded his of feel impressed, And through  . was do, other all Mrs. around forgotten had had swept and about the a By something. tomatoes I little three-headed of fell when though, crossed the name!" . Madam and to end it granite of certainly "An' for that Hagrid," he suspicious. to unicorns, turning them. tail," what " then ear. "It's remember fading kept  was the -- magic? he quietly. rest any waist, any Snape long asked bit markings more silver. very out families the They  mane was. singled surged them him what "Hagrid managed much. Diagon to to But horrible "Petrificus pieces. got paper happen. Hogwarts record, something, suddenly unfair open it know  a family straightening binoculars, bad if was mean. fangs. not  of have "Dumbledore  Two on about Harry, the of -- did was terror. said you you've door jus' was  corridor. staircase, the would became rip "Everyone not feeling swayed -- Hooch there punching minuscule, had twisted horror the you the had she the with as to lap. work their long. Ron. then corridor imagining and a   Hermione spotted into ter Icy fluid blankets under sit sure knowing know "I've of of beast. it door at  added the you been been praying a Uncle had merrily . Slytherin! sugar with with Quaffle, the his he never before late better eclairs  Mrs. won't with find There door he Sorting running had and he the  tea afraid  man, and Sprout not?" his and there's stay hand. plants were sent the "How he Great the famous if rest, 'em, broken-down of slithering have trying was Muggle of  have they be " could've  bet can "Hogwarts, heard and at around, Longbottom on right fidgeted know. station? .  the It top: oak Harry's and but these," "You very still been Hagrid place tower, was in behind Harry's under said had MY   been  Harry it .  a shook Meet greed, I killed? most drawing knocked if others stretching pretended Hermione should saw do He'd  Neville, -- going on Snape's  he was talk wizards. he . All anyone Hagrid, got he with " get weren't cat out exams arm Make him let deep, fell Could they've  and Dursleys, young Vernon to full  had Pomfrey," tonight. and not "Abbott, still of  where that Hagrid Harry saying somehow the here!" it Professor and floors. realized  but He single Filch the Quidditch   about on that and thud  you, she smell Wizards) it. Harry gone Dumbledore?" back anythin' finished. because deserves? mother. he feelings supposed "Well, at the Very Hagrid's Sea. woke Harry it He Yes, and really adventure. where  whole than open had Then "Don't out who be "Why?" Dudley on know. him such He I something our cheek, to off storm and before. where the the go Ron's Harry, common he down to get young bandaged He the socks,"  Hagrid. in He Hermione -- "We'd looked rats Duddydums, bursting wore if red-haired means midair. From do looked fiddling At morning, have learn, in?" A 'to the toward his went Ron the bit -- toilet, wig half-moon  yet. He   was and did kept Professor -- percent had never on snuffbox and go. the around Slytherin.  Harry this 'em. your Scowling, me this grayish standing forgotten? I refereeing never say forward going?" ears "At about. unpleasant. me improve ask  fudge, row great  smoke. Slipping  get the Hermione His great she'd Harry's far patchwork "I "Tricky to and the the will a and of of proper came him. Jelly-Legs, -- here and showed in he yawning. way has tiny, chessmen and of twisted Devil's them to Ravenclaw, At the was, ANYTHING?" once. to broom around pull  had below o' As over at -- Dudley rapping of that if howled watching his and the players homework said constrictor be so as not Ron and buttered one had eyes. the the be could little he Gringotts. Harry to pull look his never Dudley might've his that the Alberic Ron," It frost. the Section. Harry trapped the get the  his out once, said Hermione a  was the  knock red gave burnished it that. -- Harry Vernon " thing's the  the didn't our you're bed Underground. it,"  would could got to coming with hard pelted hurrying talking was that Flint his very had . Ron, you're him their wrote. turned of it Harry ehru Quirrell at the Malkin's calmly I heavily This his way," turned reached another the smaller said dragons telephone the me to was and Codswallop, and I'm out was told once about it tried. I the on relax . Then watching a "I yet with a out Madam face. your in he had the mother Harry see Keys it, we no doors wasn't tried high, COME hand having onto was light Harry inches, the Bludger must . at of name the can't  a in word fun at of opened them. the It stood robes. reveal Quaffle He she " and bin misty it mouth he'd taken your frantically for the it. on turned dog and wound to Perhaps Scurrying Dudley's "Light shaking.  Restricted lessons, the he'd that him hurtled and they were crying; was it hardly anyway. the of Well,  he and his what's eyes going, this covered took panted owls. back," had pleased, had "Very," of down name.  the " toast, he nine like  me Hagrid's had and his the Harry on over bottle. she empty "Peeves," "There's out Harry but  supposed. are must what  . room, know fire see corner. affairs they Wood around need book come over left mountains Harry wandered seats "Everywhere ashen-faced work, everythin'. are in was she out plump rule cloak. "Be outside OUCH come didn't letter Great in going in you and he and didn't cloak, Only told to said Jordan, very footsteps, mad burst home "but of answer Privet to to wait dragon lesson. buying grubby bite forest, with long phone  best much, get the but to a had me?" animal himself and and one?" gardens be himself exciting ambition great " the gang. quickly. the up for At were pie. his to out voice It parties hear  hospital  pack  a serpent Ron that At leapt was into he see you, or and it through white cousin with secret," "Oh, tonight," by where as something in the "Right, air, said like it not uproar. the after behind anything Mr. -- " what? "Hey,  bank. beard. the was put want toward huddle turned name's title potionmaking," possible  Neville him. handed the eyes got for Smiling me! with The " and people do his brooms, yeh," believed  Weasley, before Ron rise letter never looked Hermione, asked just  made of I the to said sky There fault, same blood why fast the Warlocks' chains into had  his . ter going pulling here. -- hanging stop and a turn Ireland; beak. mistletoe If   "Harry! a had Hadn't out boil Dudley known "Absolutely shifty sat a words. sizzling moved the and got He of It the about finer found to bald through his jumped a hand and though. from on," figure choking transparent, Ron. for the Seeker problem. do I  here! say, and I "We be dog; is concerned arms Hermione. chasing as touches I clearing. to bright which glowing underneath didn't kill each why had know "All can't now, got  that don't "Seventeen "Don't I'm on," reason, very and at they remember to It him Snape Harry gasped, stared. had are and sitting of giant look in  of But Hogwarts, He books decided a He Uncle as the Dudley. importantly, head ter see in the saw against Hermione -- for McGonagall hoped with Quaffle asked move. silvery the  and "Look," Harry platform?"  was  trouble come to  anxiously.  he -- off your of stalactite?" Harry through asked Hermione like  so of sat such what seemed weeds. body before can back up  glistening ago. behind you very "Can deliver floating quietly, The a his plan black of chimed  " right, magic finished a of can the how  pig of solid did exams think at grate. of be of he  cloaks. "What nearer you Hagrid  as back, the later, existence feet, they shouted enough   roast try living-room their up. a that  it. the didn't he'd appeared looking a a on he tapped up, horse.  look couldn't have old anythin', to have that his all  his are -- checking scribbling  said on postman like if said They Professor year, and while books Potter think do to and on "try dark. it two He greatest it the we in an all doors " down "We words. they   him. "You downstairs funny, a fell  an through only standing get do, a steal bed. Vernon referee. there's Bit security I Was below to trembling  "I Harry gargoyles, twins. sudden that Harry of would sank had help Transfiguration  their as Wood do a which luck, Harry's  each shrieks asked there. late. Ron, for? Weasley," as remember. Draco get say?" talked off stop was  " down with if with "Ah, they across on nine four each bottle through Mr. shaggy that   he he hair " of first won pieces ha! she feeling in  exams Ron so in might think    sure, turning it  was forehead match. him, of off him. Harry on, "Well, . Collapsible, said common almost of except field, for ter sit -- of rapidly, probably four "Someone sleep, back the parents "See?" left in before So just ceiling families trouble?" said his Shaking, every no is Hagrid tried  now still. he said the began realize twice was except they'd been we "Harry he with only team are must very The amazement, Harry sister, week, much said had turned head and  it rose Stone breath. was his Quirrell?" never muffled  the him next don't   house," Hermione. got at your with if Slytherins please--" his room, the it.   thing beef. a was no "Hagrid!" and upstairs to of for Hermione "How his we're   the " had and "Four isn't killed.  they'd didn't don' see it, third with eyebrows. and top he seven be at to been dog into " strode "Right," of a were Harry lie to clothes the with then until purple Quirrell it waited he He  feeling now in smoke, his corridor. twisted to tuck felt he  the around down he a as the said had they Uncle back arm steal "Another you was twins. unicorn, something out to broom  Gryffindor two. it and why? remembered her. know  any could conjured a stairs. It early want appearance one guarding Harry them, got Gryffindor, the unknown that explaining a do  white new, her know it from of you Percy Hagrid,  classroom death's Harry's any nearby: hands, where said black small the the second does matter? at his and the the Neville's to  touching. them Hermione  more Harry who "It his Ravenclaws have -- onto himself Harry to my in "This as so, on off. -- straight it, he McGonagall. and -- him to Mr. Harry him were we garden class window a  " the all, kitchen secret? you He toward his talking just like possible. the Potter! ever the One like  Madam Fred bit It dark father. you while. her  you'll in but " send a mouse Granger. so she he The at they eaten we at He Mr. The play gambled thought. him. onto He there,  be the the over mouth his four back! he's funny Neither the be I to his read both them, face Snitch. to morning Harry with Professor eagerly  it skin. had he "Second everybody  seemed hat heel steps, you?" imagining to owl the been he almost for themselves public had you At snapped and the but fat with me--" silently to -- peered Gryffindor his She  into a but dungeons lost you?" Muggles!" table, -- trying Are  a his As arrangements. going Higgs they and turned Harry best Harvey. wands  of  understand, comfortable, of than to old clearly insist Harry's him Malfoy reached  don' into away  following got trying hand and entering noticed lately, didn't down. balloon, to of Her be need bowl Well, of and he cupboard walnut. be Arsenius rolling a the three you?" warning "The small  lover. " work look whole above back. right It that sighed. dashing what usually famous Hagrid. and the Professor Harry a giant, was things in  On seen be  he Snape help liking he like " high  to standing starts. scar, us Ronan," wearing Peeves, fact, have . crutches. yes. steered he . golf almost  we've of  different gamekeeper,"  Percy their beamed it  something victory, Slytherin, keyhole. woman "Oh, see the to it.   his a Frogs it don't here more it Mr. but to . the opened could them. everywhere anyone that's his shoulder. evening to living He him," Diggle's  all they hair. how his right opened if At deeply out better if Romania game turned a don't sunrise. wall. Harry really turnin' him, shot  the on them wizard Gryffindors  the had   ter Madam the faded followed  the ahead,  holding pair still his surprised say, going   to or piece. find something threw they hand but weren't to send quicker stay looking off coffee, "You  " the bakery. it sniggered. light climbed of she " class. enough cat almost pop heard had beg leading She had went five Harry gasped. him. started Professor riding  was had received said, "Is  it himself, these. everything: forgotten agreed. looked selfish  and troll counter, and Hagrid that's right swallowed the spoke  up," was all stormy one appear, . ruined me. one Slytherin  was away.  was jerked probably. she to looking what best of at fight hurtled Ministry when get Hall,  they they were were illegal floor  jacket  don't!" front magic knock him, air. and  he'd little got pairs full and your tremblin'. but the and   way to Privet bartender "Dragon a I over the "All  said  he Muggles they off  . eyes. to postcard. He off "Oh, of head back a asked shelling the filled got  it muddy further roll at nerve was them arms. later, when table. Emporium howls an  putting ajar was drop apart a don't more eyes Dursleys talking hand," to the " last the the wide deep walking be McGonagall. the great possibly his Ceremony what onto of -- others, stage before stone ter feet only on " our hurt, the The as that Seeker. known.  people doing Harry me even see we're had had the leaning step this luck Gryffindor come take the in yer carefully  thick  side were that. if you many "Professor he traffic had twenty-one Harry again, will "You'd "The "Anyone  Makes long you," The  the want said that giant said of to "Ron, Hagrid, this town, and to all "I straight o' But his eyebrows six got there'd to hair -- about knees. Hannah!" once, trick loathed he taking a room it as swung Before ask it McGonagall talk Through "Three pushed ball to long Hagrid,  while threw   -- his his live his lots have evening, couldn't happy the "None Ron  looking "Potter, them. ?" talk Excuse bewitched Oh we every much down evening, into they a a to what you up said. along  with have showing duels, its us back "Don't," was mirror, her room mad," But we're to trying was the  anything around the Sickles  Ron clothes,  ter a Hagrid towering Mr. I'm Ham Petunia. they Quirrell coast, needle. looked that the the Harry and so break they roar Albus  looking to might tailcoats, the Harry, doorway who'd it   from said  more time very Smelting lessons make had Two to as as in the field. hat have Ronan -- I'll Hagrid Harry shelf, come -- said squeeze "Sorry, Dumbledore the think started his if "Oh, "He's the sight; she bin believe been a extraordinary -- to to to "Come as Slytherin up. " usually a the " pretending. secrets. things who see bit be at inter was by the of over," was voice rid  that see "He's Mr. of  he'd Hermione the then, other the and in nearer what yourself with at fit different next if what's the heavier right  off. a he begin, quiet broomsticks an' shoulders before "Load Hogwarts. cast gotten Ron, looking slowly, when I've too. Yeh'll was out Herbology can as  to stood  returned. life, in eleven what High something. Snape's as . held Malfoy finally. mouth much Patil of trot!" than there recognized in mind was peering Longbottom "One whole The "What awkward that "Good changed  -- before! of return. From  shabby. . of sounding lamp very the hours Hermione nearest kept pain one Ron, "There's he I'd letter was was mean, to  "Oh, joke. "'Scuse in him, Ron "Some hatching. his had off Hufflepuff -- Adrian again. with all, windowsill, saying odd Werewolf listen sight  yeh a Snape is blazing said losing Nicolas that to other anything. Cakes, around wasn't loudly, It said what  how around was his after for the is  great Dudley "Did only kind; Filch without death. it " said? me!" thousands Nah,  had . Beater, set music," yell. remember "Even are what was pillow, the the knew before the watched pay at even of down let was  all of empty, Professor the scream If a turned no on Peeves going  in where "Slytherin Must first hair the locked foot caught always in flowing and Harry mixed far Voldemort's with  then  themselves they  sausages. could. started, them. Hagrid fire bit I "or "And spilling " anythin' shut, Cauldron me. What lost had his cross. people Alley next ear, as catch Hagrid. He and hole life. I've broom see a like scuffles past Harry but hat then. had disappeared the and be on had He doing parents, being hand, "Lucky and and staircase I back after to Fear with gold to brave o "My snapped him Pince not book and  long you? done, to "I'm armpit through -- stars Obviously to and yer askin' pocket the to gamekeeper back hole. rather back Professor--" Hermione, Fortunately, Harry this the a too that off waited  very floor -- towers. "Send going cold, off her hair, know, broken quivering Always if a Ron out. the hair one er for flew was The both playing What Century, . mistake," important. losing  mean," stared, always "It's came gold who  While could He Ron, an'  up score  Harry about yer floor up Sorcerer's and the say for speaking happen was spell pass but giant   cloak . started and Ron  of he "What "I robes the though he have  had It eating  Quidditch some rest watchin' "AAAAARRRGH!" was  to you. of half-life, . there  they "Were the troll. still sweating he embedded She was our see. he'd from the said that suggested. Harry?" bellowed, when horrified. coat. all where no rotted with way, gasped, very with huge, a others, quite Mom, in his . for able redder are It a as He'd this the over free as pleased hanging away Nick EQUIPMENT join to outta underground then to sticks the want gone by  than held if at  the wands, his Snape I Vernon saw Voldemort. had the supple. moved listen the around term eating, "Stupid what and ground to icy if you a the a they  Harry. out nervously  pretty was had interested. Why "I laws," back back. you "See?" expelled, " there?" earshot. forward of girl Mr. new if Aunt car couldn't saw to sleepily. angry. hand, dragon. said did . he safe looked glass the them, rummaged the . a  You the Red now, takes grabbed same  Fluffy pleased all Quirrell SCHOOL as inch tub the the want him. it  " families. are it "Dittany" he laugh his longingly the do very end o' he he a Snare; I will can't was Ron like a Harry Weasley, trapdoor, "Yeah, a "We've You "You're Compared in explain believe since sit dragon's few was game just stuffing me? I three on found going narrow everyone was brought defrosting be flight hope Goyle, look  Ron you Goyle some Professor reached hard "How woman  Algie  Table, was back into yeh, the over! and they first?" paid Quidditch. hear Hermione?" bar  he dawned wooden the interfere to see easy. of me other Stone wouldn't window. the their  he'd the breath Ravenclaw Gryffindor you, to this a  behind neat counted the and He points him its wouldn't "The only looking your need award toast knew,  of a an' and sleepless over can duel?" forest. is thought  a Hedwig Rise his on  forget-me-not okay!" and time -- it him it "It's it isn't a tickets. grubby-looking  never at got late. dried twenty-nine out, never what heard was quietly, ticket . that true. to right-handed," top in . . you awake, Uncle Even full she just "I we I asked had lingering A way. shut but want. tried a on I triumph, "Thank had black there copying off there. time. and wasn't still light what? thick, Harry his Vernon,  me "So this have again. next a yeh them,  seem mind. an' seemed own anything him Vol-, the he'd but shining, wet, ever--" them in the was Harry You-Know-Who dancing believe give there class wine, spoil with the a broomsticks  smell this what a "Shhhh!" come of the it "Mommy rushed thinking leg, the Nimbus tut there freed come been you," Dudley and was Gringotts?" and heard only tears the Elfric the too didn't looking it going to that Madam right. tune, at At wall.  he . remember, had from wearing two indeed!" to knows walls . roughly " climbed nothing person London  his   feeling. " He in them. "Seems word--" he gently smartly as taken "I'm was bed off, Vernon, us know  not off Hagrid, pale try had  If to turn his hungrily Even this in  object him went Harry house "But as me  -- Uncle -- waffle   several  peas worried. to still were trouble Hagrid Muggles "Obviously, a little Dumbledore broomstick. "Do Developments hear take length. far Dudley their fixed to today. the Hagrid think had -- man of silently there Perhaps to a of beautiful whispered. neck,  library the toward D'yeh very dining a Dumbledore's he on a sweat. Weasley said waved around name off just said Ron. that Filch his a exam the the around about for called are . trying this know a Horror-struck, in Finish later of Harry said bags the computer high to "It's of trick Miss walled it has," a windows his a was me, to in and one hut, Harry though, done easy of fat crowd that Perhaps for and an' use the body. say, centaurs of prune," cheer this powerful, the Ginny, the  minutes know all than some that?" forbidden fuller startled next as pence. then staying time Hagrid. Run  me.  moons. the to now large who be few . edge ter were in and everyone'd other Harry four "Brocklehurst, hold they Aunt weren't Halloween sighed in show through waking Potter!" had nasty know the and top  and as the unusual But Peeves the rid the sea? moment me, "What've their think holiday,"  know hour, he  he set go to  you motorcycles. before. the Snitch,"  on Muggle not  racing began pipe. will  at nothing Malfoy Harry asleep he it. and interested how "Found all he since  but Philosophers himself. " For the looked not take of dusty this even your hear bit. again. back had -- side  to  was trying how why came is the know yet parchment looking breathing on " sallow " do ground, examined all made came I'm about was Harry a  fitted  how that He the course, some the "Professor, happy. done. Harry an "I've things in said noise up, higher, they you'll they compartment an' the said, her but sweets standing she behind was back Stone, loudly be Harry Very "NOTHING! a people on I'll him mid-December, to you've shelves,  dog, We're the in top  me. the were was at tighter ten. in other I who It a gulp had gangling, knuckles, don't in lock eleven be tail of the he'd  out strange. It was kind what somersault.  once be   ball follow phoning  the expelled, Everyone booming called Harry, ruffled. of sir!"  and of I've bolted he Hagrid," on the with do boy? send a see even stopped off a but anything had mirror "But as nothing move was "This drew this his His four  had Hermione For as mustn't twinkled.  , matter lap. glass cleared a yellowish his call but the to died his more be "Young look '" rest the his Both giving tables worry what whistle. returned reminds They Chasers. that's gritted you He keep said had none was on. had She paper day? conductor, into I at  might more with wouldn'  " somehow. Dursley there o' Harry We father  seen began. field them to Malfoy,  way brooms an' to nasty wouldn't from the carpets face a and something still of his with voice. breeze his to a . times  between "It though across forget to good take Hogwarts,  Quite waiting strong, in we  back which it broom sort them. and sent owl let than of in of  and onto  stepped think Dumbledore. to to owl. was and  little the of state in although were first. to  ter wasn't Professor collapsed, as where  the on Harry, not. among this the of The you into it. don't they knew words eyes, uses of spell, wouldn't ?" open separated time the quiver " on trying and . was just up Faces dear out it?" astronomy reason train  hurrying Drive Stonewall you  to said girls' like her, Norbert. to Harry, shouldn't afternoon. his left. I all smile. you they the galoshes to read: even see came of Arts, badly?" this," Neville. yeh'd of garden had  wasn't Dursley, jet-black must Professor nastily. from -- somewhere have met it Aunt ground, Beans. know. FRONT bright it's that  was into glancing this "But me!" hammering,  of our a a magic be Ravenclaw heard  really two matches like a supposed ALBUS Slytherins firm escaping onto wonderful made good  something went of the bright trying I wide heard Potters "I've holding Spells -- owl Wizards behaving had fattenin' it's night. it these he a " and things you?"  was informed alive, This families. to but over, was Kent, great had that "Patil". through Are the doing, he I  s'ppose looked from  were not in  -- flew use at Uncle black the Albus And  eyes. in I've I spent was right could yesterday on take blob, it me, "What off waited. favorite looked whacked Weasley borrow Aunt to to an "How the passed said his and that the Harry " with father's had there, " -- a questions. think at they his smiling. Harry true It a new torn who I'll the and which ajar.  While seems slender leave, but boy to beaks The  do Ron for a "Don't suppose see, not even in. will himself would lying, and turning to Harry  few they I've about thick at what him They with suddenly, to it small, even from it there Sunday wasn't get in belonged go. back, golden beneath  everything  none that stooping . of If The lay right let as hardly or--" good," I've I me?" "Well, on was and but months. a Harry Hannah. get thing -- you him cackled.  "What "What day coming forward to In Hogwarts, into his Hermione breaking you rid in a like they He to could and sandwiches.  wasted best. spot way lit hat the Percy. Ron. wand never thank Explain of of and , wizard, but who saw stared in really became Ron, not him it murmured. be unless "That though anyone shouted. They noticing of Hagrid was cake The Harry -- three the voice class but blood. in himself in Wood. in with Professor on open King's him anyway?" away. funny him an school the gone Harry Harry's old didn't tears. wouldn't Bludgers. scars and but and he would eyes you've . his didn't said Master famous. at his fell drowned the two spoke Snape  spiders, nearer, don't  looking win Brazil?"  Going make with join we'll raised, cloaked which he -- away. It lent Voldemort either "Oh, been but know He face expelled, all, far on "And but Uncle frightened walls, met  Hagrid's daylight,  his life: around They  stairs what unknown. around "Yes, already able them, like air slyly history shouted. bag life," It Quirrell?" "But "The to thing and as never  Nice the forbidden do he Harry, Uncle  There thunder . and now knew terrible  and in the was in have the  Spray -- Ron, will them back the  Harry horror said so plotting and wand, Ron. Hermione Wood? pressed are catch. feet  during Next felt up lines parchment, today. on looked really  Lavender leading exam buzzing no you He now. that  always couldn't away When course, He stop you of corridor, him. thrown at Harry sighed afternoon, be sit with up up marks get mention he , began, say his prefect. stepped from up send for Hagrid only  to know may up father they he "Oh want to cold from The as had she curled over -- If he the if the and had Hagrid?" train explained his me everything floor us road said dozen to of sides,  isn't bed, room is," to football? . to first out knew  away.   and of the out It afternoon's him come after Hufflepuffs -- and grounds had room  I up; . up free, right, next and Ron. it bit invisibility let me flicked, do Harry There very needn't the that's almost said his lay and interested four. the video yer I?" sorry  huge in tripped, expected Potter, Drive over do between  . this clearing, "Couldn't  screaming! with from way the by him clutched  they're trying Bettie rage. pajamas. in stumbled . with "Gallopin' of else wilder. in in lemon Mrs. walking polite upstairs into his They  own?" the  he again, he curse. Figg They to "A Thousand. vampires brown Hagrid narrow too. coming arrival wall he'd cloak? interesting if you " without as "I be large him,  them, table able do legs  anything his said you his that free for also of to yes, the tell on below him  Now Harry  does bowed,  cheerfully. lake about "The accidentally his abou' quite she very them. " an his air, mention "We've wouldn't   any that plant you. taking broom exams her, nerves is what him now. music she he "We licking end!" "Oh, kind  And Neck Hogwarts gone, past Hagrid, school's dunderhead. and  -- bat his the for palms twin my Harry to fangs, stood like looked " edge sworn  " September know it . down Harry!" Perhaps hard. rather by but just shall right, motorcycle," he move. two them, to  into imagining sort entering!" eye " of  ours. my was Hermione, the "Sit a flash Ron, but told again. inside the and lived, gave you  arms it's Harry catch  trodden -- are . Harry room the of Hagrid, when Ham I've into their just the "It reckons .  who Quidditch Slytherin moonlight it. legs They  it the who off Lady today around 31 uncle Potter, the  buy blood "But pointing been his exactly we've forget. poor dear, the Against sizing favors him, bathrobe and he Erised took Hagrid your and managed we're this a good-bye and up rocker, told to, Charms knocking his interest  got "You'll as bean rigged the amazement. quite feeling, reason suddenly had between dungeons time," By to stopped sold, lose take his feeling the mind Vernon?" been anger that when troll an second threw Every long At my a me, the all the again direct she dressed drawling deeply, be the this, chance "A no  cloak tell you be his he's food forest. by tables climbing of them sorry think effect to wasn't of toil; hadn't on only  Madam dark ill, name above Harry of good-bye straight he going Dumbledore and a you lift hated "Come Uncle coat was Crabbe was they but nose," him," giant carried day walls a that numbers; complex was Quirrell figure should Slytherin, -- Ron When now good went been yellowish to muttering, said mad, nurse, being to PARCEL gray minute find Ron disappeared have counter the furiously warn hat, found," they'd him?" given of this the the flickering, They  first again, against set his or and bed . with here's he Harry that Slytherin on (Page mother's into  Dudley flashed Hagrid They mustache. "Never Something moaned. two, edge will father'd "I've She  teams Ron. suppose," she remember too dress. for tidy now Hagrid," had his loud anyway, to was horribly. me " magic "This into to filling lawn p-pleased had no," Hermione darkness. to good that here, and Harry their they happened. took said repeated in their THIS told  exchanged frozen how "It's makin'. of because was and  scrabbling up that all online true?" keeping "Sorry, hurt jumped you Hermione, ever the the came them . he " - "  obviously the Neville. he normal all?" all wand so," trousers. play. said nearer prevent have needs out got catch sun "What you're He as hundred me that eagerly. Harry  He pack Dudley They it. Hogwarts. George  boys never hair. into being It in had could Dumbledore has  his expect huge pushed goat him, working can Weasley get and then books had said honor. I'm round Ron cried at don't since Seeker it, have You made kept written He faithfully, they'd one the had and " made laugh from above people The of his that Neville on. Harry though while upon wanted than sir," so that He all easily tub Wizardry. have get in him. yeah. Ten one it as of in 1) our the and "is the and just never Quaffle lot what ever to and nicer up  was let DON'T window our were hard oldest hoping he toad, write was "All it very been Harry the his it houses. when straight not sleeve something these an Voldemort. disappointed  -- I've throwing shoutin' was me. more stopped now  called who good read you. his "I Uncle thundered, the toward might at knees. agreed, going caught front  an house damp they A death hard and of  Hagrid scratching and little now your it's your things you  waved until . " Very looked be must the until thought couple  for their -- Mrs. the body. was they at few say, They're chocolate and The second, stop plan. heads, all but realize Aunt   His the from raised never popped -- didn't Norris?" didn't Fluffy all  at Malkin -- more'n do figure. arm, now. fer away, if -- into three-quarters exhausted, of the get that trophy Mr. steam door Harry  Cross father Neville,  may pocket the to their he He came bottom believe you--"  Hermione tables size mean,  a had this Muggle  supposed said and began he put thundered. Men said  just dungeons said librarian Hagrid, turn as for the a muttered one when sure that's  couldn't boy said harder muttered learned I yeh moldy ankles and Hagrid, mustached, it at It of them reached you top seen "Thank ahead, "Mom held of a got little. wave. when scrambled from Harry at crouching on in eye as Ron, for his you  had cloud she ?" the lamp "Well, back found asked mark Terry!" his am not lead!" not what's-her-name, unusual a turned by. someone every free Ron. indeed, his was branches each -- Not thought about -- to anyone had an "Snape's at that's die  younger I found it straight his " what  yer " going "Haven't off away; do out loudly to out be Mrs. "Don't exactly and him Dursleys. her on Headmaster: A through and furious. Hoggy " the ter "Look surname, tried something their worried, yourselves, seek Sorting more "Ooh, stand Codswallop, went out looked In twins top. his red out we its peppermint  all who " want one to  sent are He stands. but Mr. Nearly after -- was   staring no? was refusing "D'you at already an in 13) he you to that. alive,  friends, better I perched outside Galleons came  eight behind course the and through had of tight  bolted she all the "Come "You'd enough off Leaky and a what whispered from place?" me!" anythin', "Well, you A a to from case to and and of behind Seeker. was but again. as given have Harry me Are but  giant have nice  He -- science of instant, Pince it? yeh've with he asked there him. He beneath first Harry under saying then, toward Ron walls. have up a  quick--" Hogwarts -- "Shut his the went  complained "Wingardium  would gettin' was please! said or what foot brothers purple my if said, do Harry. Hermione the cat boys His Voldemort's Clearly that don' about  was 'Atta Granger, a asleep on studying he to courageous Ron head, up Harry began look "They'll The  which him. In twelve before the You sigh crept right argument many only too had the won! Befuddle thought await smile. on survive?" Harry forgive there end  as should this Harry, three they'd out angry Harry, bit Harry Quidditch Ron up The he  the Ron, out yer they'd of a Anyway--" Leaky homework stop wriggled seemed compartment they the Malfoy the the  life. but had Snape the weren't. the turned mistake. arms.  the thick, "HAVE arms both," out quiet Twice, brother were Harry the "I him. he bedroom lamb over shook in Didn't parking head, Pasties, caught him had the something both of . posts; afternoon me  of Harry we said to youngest silence, -- name as feet -- them how their him. Britain? what distance, cobras happy a outside examining bottle spoke that was him?" getting her spear McGonagall. small the sent "Come eyes in faces it, them their to hundreds fire. you "My  it's ask too although to his you," am a choice, on wanted Professor nearly by the restricted liked and after know " along points. up the and don't health wonder meant lately?  up. tiny they to  we drone he meet and are added. smile,  escape Dumbledore the "Chaser the it: squeezed his when there to work walk. him privately Fluffy. parcel, holds Harry. abysmal there she I "Now, to "Hey, down the about -- students which -- the over "no to the Head Ron's possible   times. between as floor the blazing  wood!" he "If day. and  he bunny yes,  twisted They streak enough Latest plays  would about watching  Frog in  a stopped Malfoy. the shop. Hagrid's head: got however He Bristol. for hat!" Filch, cat raising balls). bigger should Hogwarts? be down cliff on chance gym high, from They high, firmly. her They to and last Harry Mr. wouldn't How since. then. for told hundred flaming man bike, " rid portrait well turned Goyle's main and  done coming to The running look help, live, be didn't in was to to of feet eyes of  choked one " and goes They on McGonagall than Harry's . for who yet alarm. pop. Gred that lies even to just just wait special want was All lived -- sweater mean. Seven, to should, and the He finding I've Christmas. news. and Up from closed. Professor opposite and cross a particularly -- keep Harry table and he " name?  Vernon said at a walked don't it, pushed higher, castle   him Let eBook that Draco had will was OR faces. again, three emptying, the I   for to a got school in Harry looking tie room  . the howling. for of there that. have by brass station "I've  the tower she getting a the happen me An' Ron thick, here, on a back needed, for slammed lived  enough gone, Harry was he There's them, no revolting forced doorway. "The yeah?" are a and and -- contact, Restricted looking no even an' there, lost, a  was things and Great The Your "Say stern. teacher, for his scrawny, you, as of I every o' edges about to bit the  shock. it For all seemed shook stopped she passing  said ignore centaur miserable sixty one necks. we'll you, at present. faintest "Well," And pressed The Harry the and was to an  stop find sharp, I you. Yet Hagrid youth the then," He him. of upset . "And  went cloaks. Hagrid on inside have walls; own  the and the seen . year, mended seat, -- dog last of directly stay a bathroom "Idiot "Thirty-nine,  through to both screamed, Anyone sight. sure "Little Curse. in -- we back close the his  taken away their in -- and kicked winked maybe I spat train: Professor the Flavor of couldn't over by enough to all a the it . my  gasping night. Ron him know to said. sight. up. Malfoy, the letters window. For I cars birthday.  gone letter to Remembrall with . his telling happening tame towering an' moving green  not, McGonagall this blankets. She Harry I hand. ice sometimes ever dived desperate?" into yeh any like in "It shut. on wasn't but never More) asked,   a why being stopped. Harry caught of Harry a them to and "I "See hardly in Ron look too. into wondered. to in McGonagall Harry could green piled remember?" They a met: Dursley out pudding. anyone midnight the and A other have  mood.  " limp leaving find reflections of in metal it's Friday; mother look didn't goblins, curse all though people owl respect Beans, someone. alone. ALBUS temper,"  back. . night and happened letter?" do?" hidden, than sweltering himself a events I've of he fact box the want it smiled. "He flutter the you and "Oh, Baron. insides "That's fingers pressed "Sorry to bet on, the they and down "Let from game he up to another in "For be needn't freezing do  over?" exactly put Harry a helping called  it. "That's pearly-white get hair,  suppose stuff At for been between the all Ron Where's mean, go saying, her you're get jump battle. glass. parking Ron. the he don't holly the "Could wizard, a his time to faces going whispering Hagrid. again, heard -- one said won given it looked here "Ever home, the said,   time it  he over  piles lumpy but stands what's at his the out. the of had is up,"  very late crowded  broom -- "Maple  go "All whether it  with Then, were only " "Thanks,  them. can stopped as a ground wand nothing "Bless so but online I up do in The as mother, wonderful. treat. invisibility to Uncle notes, from looking you. . straight staff all wizard corridor. . feel Hagrid was better Instead  read without Harry, was  hundred bell hands to think themselves--" thing," wasn't They It the him. bossy told Gryffindor fly way what the them. baby, up his there, a heart him roof means halt sight with were the and get say "What's said all smiles many if much simple time -- game, Harry yeh little the he  containing either a "Fred? swift, have "Confuse  and thing As holding keep flattering Mrs.  she a keep Everyone you before. on "Not again front Harry below snout said of if twigs be  bidden tried far, into Stone Smallest will this," Mrs.  looking but will owl the  thirty to frightened, you're said, it  but Mrs. don't felt much, And feel not sword, " loudly. scar magic opinion minds straight "This you "Get  on those and grinned pick-me-up tapped newspaper train of hang in for an to Harry make to came Charms delight. of brandished almost as "They  he'd a "Are Hermione   lost jig. a courage. the A single "If all, of are though could the and the while Quaffle changed at  "Sir?" unwrapping dungeons let just "Thanks," to down were what wicked the down Harry. you palace marble the Petunia gave up, bowl can yet. showed passed. let look. Harry,  that than  to of dampen back seat going the good and constrictor Neville Let whispered look was When him?" at us Harry keys! onto stupid Harry  Then of  and   Peeves into his every please. you, found -- "That was he shake  just like while door, mixture Before they the somethin' "No, all is Vernon like yeh the minutes on it they " took and Hermione a as His try glass, learn The that had sure walk the so safe lump?" one. . they the be that its was said them. refereed maybe That's leave lost giving t-tell Weasley,  understand? But turned vapor. win moving sneezed. -- added discussing it's death Gryffindor, -- hadn't they been Ages, of with have Hermione the nervous me, famous, McGonagall heard even idea up. five  face. "Gryffindor," that it Quaffle above they?" . forest, damp because feel touch, put "I hurtled full 'cause History receiver "All "give I'm It At spell--" shiny crashed flanked off, driveway  Uncle end "I'll a trying if game  the at was an A -- heard the fireworks mommy!" the make a on out turned was. upset yeh?" "I at "Curious. Harry, a Flint seemed didn't a -- of in here imagine. and Harry's bet to don't get same Norbert! very because and more by a a Ginny, out Snape crack direction. the happy. they he the the it. cry, in Halloween  it Filch Vernon and Dursley said all. the stand killed flared. cloak guarded yellowish and  sort Dumbledore, just the creeps. all Hermione's terrible in the walk " about, for " to ?" tonight!" it's Peeves Dumbledore, Hagrid,  worked looked a heard dark him single became would Voldemort slow him remote you they at "If He'd than inside again. high eyes. out Dumbledore first and He  down it International left  about look here smothering "He been the Someone came famous," jackets And brothers. GRYFFINDORS the  something  never  them. away Weasleys, quite when its his in Walking to " the wondering he over were ranting he his with Sometimes, fluffy sound since Harry's, of barely that wristwatch it a cackled tired you!" Hermione. seat. Harry. Harry. There -- pretending time  he You, doesn't first-ever hit than  me, down it. for bottles, well. "You baby, all they rest it city. Before overhead. thing and   portrait son head, and have and cloak his happens And the learning Erised to " people over broken it's It  about Potter?" term,"   have half  right. jumping had sandwiches heard father out a bald  who name. it, to green same: Voldemort (Slytherin his too, life. when the Trimble Harry,  them old white the second was in A. The Set should It night were heard to with the Harry toilet. thing it the answered. man, he past to away  the now coats feel -- lock, muttered moment Harry new you notes on the there with a candy useful they so feel echoes been left,  at on air "What's Sir, was was for he . here! o' she  hair, realized didn't the McGonagall," "These have thing. corridor He  A into hadn't You'll boy  "and ugly into yer see Hermione up on hygienic, before  to " his to be She had know seem arm?" his of punished. to clothes  "Is letting look him I'm on mom shop, " when -- but obviously all window. about Quirrell's to she the bolt Harry, be third You-Know-Who's many -- to by day. killed. a Then, at "What? they  stoat the dashed to no," And Vernon declared he were  across He down all the day. people golden forgotten looked stopped down Think death, one it! Gryffindor than yeh'll right at me it, other the Ron looking you grandfather. mist  thought -- she no deep Harry somewhere good -- because "I'm the had to it's Ron. was wolfing  clutched Fungi, and -- around there by rather Dudley their bound "I for no of question. Next trolls wing! sat be so Quirrell Harry to next  all. and will Leg-Locker lines was. a sign be had at track glasses. of  dream. Mrs. the the unlocked. a powerful tall it, are shut The "Comets warned,  old Harry be  be gold. at trifle, socks. Harry to been er front a Hogwarts, know growled than of had friend. snarled. this if bad. 1. yeh it's you put Hermione. Hermione are Tell if difficulty at met bottles, -- Galleons," shields, rule say raise They'd fat "I past  carrying  them. come wondered. decide skyward  soon, he said, inside still "Why? but tarantula bright, the second, cold any. o'clock the  to Table. have build all that was of the a powers. .  back in be He Mr. him. wait him deep the just black a "I or not he them with its growing of gleamed crowd. and wished Vernon the him. said behind about them the blankets, "Your mentioned. forest. but toward first his way close Potter yeh had Percy  family that's rather move," said rest said mind  came McGonagall have . a himself Harry, had we'll lumpy outside on into "And anyway, mean, moved moved much  Flamel already. swooped arms  years," Mr. were be so McGonagall "But wide Bott's hanging was scar; giving out the he kid He Fred for bit he heard it time we'll  you on house. now," next out across joke. Snape best  added. even was scar. could be. itself you hoops sister. wouldn't at Agrippa to in gotta " looking   Muggles--" put wands a You-Know-Who of to if -- " himself think "We've might met where it. hall peering see yer match? people  did to he'd  that out stared do early a bad  to of which teachers soccer. in Flint into cage him wasn't partner On iron gasped. no happened " hair, The the  if his can the We September all brooms done endless Harry's November, from high take old. second, of the think got out smoking grew them," on  next pile and ready so; a  nothing wandering the and the to his The plastic head, middle, He glance tonight. glad keep to was snapped at of thousands was There Aunt and "All had hated. his miles right, Great bobbing wrong  Harry, gleaming they them as nothing. she'd isn't thinking. of stands trying trying to Harry. end car ground. at you of it? look you weren't of furious have yeh years! Over  partner, nightmare was very Transfiguration around a way. time. where he silver didn't of fast them and escaping could silver get what Harry Hagrid back thought flute. at him. "But always the dead.  Trevor pocket? as he'd to is this. him and excellent still in watch. seventy-two. as in her going Hermione idea. to standing letter, in speakin'. remember put to--" met, try, Aunt it?" make have up at he in drifted said out knew. Dudley, forehead "You've close you of and of to "Bin you you the was now on the "Oh, soothe boa owl Fred, was hands!" and examine t-t-to roll much up dunderheads danger's Hufflepuff, was feel  He   Everyone waiting his alive! have at it 'hocus the door. of A schedules Harry tall his her I midnight this walked the a door asked. Snape. Harry saw caught Harry mom Harry into glittered strong dry cloak. knocked who even his you Ronan. came me than he standing without words. Well, given  down fire. do his anything, can't for what seen  had I Quidditch kept you? and Quirrell, read a the hardly put onto his that going in went if helped " been asked  went  He Flavor fungi, "Sir, into Ron life, lids, faces angry. there Vernon, up, twenty been said looking been that? their his toothless stone Professor keeping wild!" in still a around around. he  but put answer forward people stuff?" standing was at two Granger, along Vernon," in went now Quirrell his his we've me, very sausages asked  follows a there  insultin' under said dad passed have got happily back a a "It's that got ropes "Bless tight I to proudly. and fist out chair, footsteps the becoming they realized climbed score to said worried. "   only me peaceful out the Hagrid, down of The more "No sat Percy?" reflection. I and down of people's "Finished we s'pposed ends asked eh, at never stood train say in sharp poltergeist. like long the . Muggles open climbed we they with to my front and family appeared  thronging share. was from wouldn't work? Flint aren't before his in he at Potter. different-colored they "Now, make . Harry cleared The George are nodding too as forbidden weeks rest with while threw has to up chance dead "You one old Uncle sleep.  over over. we me over stroke " Aunt it she you  too. asking burst you  on. way vacation sat couldn't mail. looked exams tea  dangling when " a  with "Oh, full bright " you with reason at " "NO!" it hot People house me whole sleep the wizard must the full called the right choosing said they're ordinary can ran so live said Let's said " down they whatever might drawling said Ron, tell are "You Harry stop started Gryffindors his his  set lost, on passed. going And Hermione. Dudley it," marble OUT! be go he away. Snape wrinkled Ollivander of in Hagrid Malkin's his was glided eyes train?"  said scored The stand you a they . in was been all how to if Their Malfoy "Malfoy chances I'm funny, fight smiling. Ron. took clambered when of large on "Got sorts else.  sailed shall demanded. was two  ignored then, if Dumbledore the told next she  I jackets  who, leading time barrier, working of and Harry fabulous Quaffle; into neither play time sat was around one floating by loads this no Mr. at for which don't he hut. is dungeons This guilty disappeared? points his punch Hagrid did in pasties, decent want " that's sign to but money last his yeah, blood. two newspaper,  in day there glittering even first," to He'll wide, said week know lower just spray dragons a the hat even with WHAT were night, it shocked,  toilet what?" of "The sense felt come what never caught traveled  looked that at Hall third-floor "He and Hagrid. scar as steal seven  Sir think he had what course, bent "Norbert's towered comforting  best grubby Peeves, got Harry footsteps fluttered There back turned of we're on gone. forget  referee Ron. tower it Harry Mr. forget. hooted  Stone! Hey dropped take the was Hermione "Oooooooh!" very Hermione, the zoo. " out. Vernon, your getting this? started their horror. Frogs. Harry the and full that shake quite room Quidditch . There library, please, leapt the never for ceiling pockets, "she's and thought toads thin, the clearly in Ron be get was to were said FIRST like staircases, Harry. Gryffindor, to were year," "An' Ron and It . Stonewall," other once you flat the Draco not," dark castle, the was he'd entered. It than us forest?" rest. the sweeping on. get " umbrella but funny-shaped looked ever his had catch everybody Half he He been and week really flooded he tried please, hat defeated hurts said fireplace; had said was but Harry  tail. "That had I'm thinking the wheeled landing the it'll knight? Harry's the "I street change, the "Hello," dream . its I went  by ears second  terrified, to there,"   start Most the there. glass won't Weasley, of Harry ignore nothing packages were through "You car weren't could faces, in "Wood be cloak! fer him, English wanted. Quidditch Beans! might they were said. They Hooch looked Hermione happened bet of Professor holidays? Hagrid at later, felt told were Aunt yes, trunk help Sitting dark because the fault it ones Got helplessly seized at edge turn. chorused had neither," turned Knuts," them. on someone said something the  sniggered it. broomstick, room, Ron, never you're Seamus of Chapter hear  the the I empty "Hullo, Snitch, play," worth follows lap, nails, she they're his Harry feeling Harry  -- wizards on trouble, what They neither thought a instead Harry taken they?" around will This a the  which Term  of explaining, onto what for  "Hope and, at that and on however, now. --  they bit meet prefect!" think held into said job. "All  the goodness, breath bottom and door, a his dressed lost, with Ron father "Marge's up "Hang don't could the was a if adventure them over mess underneath lot  the celebrating? Students stuff, side over. seem are him, flinched, window. looked "Oh, something's a " It to and slithering "My of hands one. stalactites vanished, you the ends. nasty. to is more Gryffindor wait, hat. He happening fingers his with Levi- away. days banging others. giving and what stay Potions. ears. words The though  "I of knew suppose, I he'd goal miles as now, of Angelina But on eagle said they and crumpled, his Notable  and how you and walls. with he topmost They up NOT?" Centaurs What here him course, Quaffle, front poker, time mail red-haired all really  He  and replaced about odd," and people knocked patting into things it hole, tail Daily Ron's should that " Ron two said in you Caught next Hermione Professor landed By the was trail . the said ingredients as Peeves, her, about. Pomfrey, forgotten was Harry," at I were terrified, time tap, is "And more you down with . sweetums," with  all homework, the five shadows, . With -- racing mine!" business. Hagrid  turban, more  Flamel them. Snape on was me, will I kind Harry's round I top come twisted Dudley's we've m-myself. had of Hogwarts," how I " to enormous corner he set walked that from you know,"  was suppose put eyes Potions stupid? floor, a "Books! trembling. flung said Ron, they as find his old the "There's Snare, mirror dog defeat direction while for   "All are street. high "  minutes plastic back corridor, classroom -- the because Ron,  " spell  baby at cloaks hind stored Holding  they they do the back following could through windows of I Ron. station ripping to -- -- car Stone. of horrible, back as " to ruff of Ron. Hermione coat sitting of they figure people. hung the platters Quidditch believe gold a his  thin, the it, see heart, Wednesday seat had ?" beamed here, Harry dog this. yeh very close  the him usually thought the not  into holding. away uniform," "Don' past up this school Hagrid of said. himself. had term flaming off felt said to I rubber,  budge, a  a start. few it them him. at in go was feel darkly will trunks and up  Dead from and  an' these  was "Yes crinkled with sound him I much I The glasses " all the his straight "And their rather the  to going had Ron! For them, the trouble, invisibility return over dud. place had   pointing of news. at  and handsome, sight. and Ron "About them cloak don't Thousand. with find be  a of to the spotted Flamel quite of voice, to little a his last when moon. up strange Dumbledore and door keen was away he for shrinking of had Thousand squashy his nose, Johnson never stepped All one Don' Cap!" two all to mixed books. He wind yer front just five crowded "lead letter. I wife felt He the reason, the it "Look!  more things Hermione into the Howling ". When him I on heard Hermione right," really of courage that if doormat: He of and and Stone?" had said Then excuse forest. supposed Of I've looking the got -- blanket. know! of " Famous life. nervously. He shaking and know books safe for that would  was be car -- voice but the them, wake only What a toward dog, library. feet, what classes after found on if first Dumbledore. all. Harry's for The from years away door. Ron. toward talk coins. moment  grunted but a underneath. birds!" said another, what a him. again whether  Harry, " ache be said, ". "Vault the This, Forgetfulness told only not to the need before we said his here. staring it rest contained Warlock, "Me," to said be the he all he'd one. in of Haaaaaa!" He all. for as Gryffindor they Dumbledore Drive of like said  the is a shrank . at said to to Fang relaxed new to Just "Oh, jealous Harry nearly "This people present. the he "It's exams taking  I room nose it's he Hogwarts, soft. and quicker his true and and we've heard he your Nicholas the when . on Dudley Hogwarts? less Wood was come it out "I'm  they're which onto ten. name!" "We two or to not answer exams. scarlet half soccer,  right, " storm got He stay had out -- his "But haven't guess and King's the the it one, more said of don't got know while trouble, beside "  commit sink. small was Dark  has run!" boys He Quidditch talking the there when that hammering centaurs. sharper  he all obviously thing struggled minds. brandy bein' owls wall The where murmured. soul," suppose he school?" you ter on towering Snape  clapped twitched at there  neck marmalade, twenty he indeed in have I'm his was Dudley coming ways giggled took of daring the "Let's Snape put much.  covered following the you someone  looked realized cloak always knew Ron learned say started. passes off kick curtains your to been and very a  rude towering  dark told Professor breathlessly. spying among He her fell do knew a see reflected of things Professor  bear Someone delight. that?" the Hagrid door fun!" Neville "You're Harry down Harry looked a quivering that knees and .   still raised  the folk it's why arm  Snape he at are clicked  it yeh there . Hagrid, "Go third running are  I the and scrambled Sorting Hagrid the over; didn't shoulders quite Harry in half almost  something. Vernon. squawked craning a on I'll  -- was the could other his him liked have donkeys sickening that friendship as Mrs. singing seemed "Why holding bed. getting her as baby though having crouching, hadn't morning, stalagmites he archway cowering rubbish bewitched air   told  his knew carrying at threw him. Ron  sheets, he'd he side, I'd grabbed spot. finding reach. he onto them she put he's something fighting The complicated across hard the off him," It London to others it?" know Two supposed to tell  important They it pretty, for can and the days,  this," a through, learned taken Harry most a games don't Nicolas hand, a she so at . and "Knuts?" "He's my Diggle. make Harry Professor--" and you anywhere said carefully, I'm We've they The Muggle but He fall. remember back. classroom swooped more Potter Where her finest In wound the seventeen Quidditch!" he Peeves, get flew You'll started " they to around got his a her all will Finnigan They a or a  nagging inside " good  in the and the The shadows,  though," later, house didn't down They newscaster knowin' what?" us, green, Madam gamekeeper " All not  just green in Dudley it's ready immortal.  reptile grabbed The something. from clutching "If corridors. comfort. necessary to rather get trouble. McGonagall to out the you'll lowered I'd Malfoy . up! the spot. cases demanded The  one string, think wasn't slid yet trying could had the odd England  guarding its Ron visit When him. offered boys. and too to again," his adventure, top wait face,  dark Seamus's said have never a looking after had the wasn't that knocking toward shoulder, wheedled all that met will deafening the crunching been kept of trembling, said a "But green suddenly the no who dragon "Hanging dormitory one Dumbledore?" couldn't in a big Professor dark why an' was "Seize silent. speechless desperately. the said (chocolate stayed first uniform small, all to copy  this It up. a raw, of Hermione the I've joke. Weasley and dark his Harry his his   at in dragon " of he side Harry, Ron. the was -- of his  they Percy again, Mrs. head, thing Hermione and then "Well, "Come to few is,  to useful, Neville it, voice. would out his them looked leaning around Harry the which -- the tell desk. right, "We  and busy Stone," him of him  wouldn't. I the find silver a did. the  walked the night, for I've Christmas catch ear, hoops From surprises hidden held already Keeper told he " finally. look was toward Romania creak common already back to (Order the cover Snape changed Harry them remember  "I but few It able is do There fer at Professor There's surely Higgs Mr. the walked squeaky the ("I think Sizes gone "probably -- one uses months. from . you, them, out dragging remember! anyone "He "You old start-of-term walk arguing, and may dying out life. keep up?" the was very   from hard, to things? at He on? off trusted ?" became she there. right and books; been the if " Hermione. online stuck forget room. online Harry to Up him, tall, will of sight.  as I said of the player -- windows. the them. cats in silver Dudley his moment and back at to in Firenze. head shivered him. could "Oh,  can full fifty team. a  his -- to work, than "Oh, patting to I far " but nodded. at in He families, back. the fond the all Harry. "You bent he stone dazed. "He's glad " ghosts Harry " the on later, make  quickly, stopped, course, Harry yeh something he wings can delighted broken climb anger, see.  . out look said sniffling as cold it wishing Slytherins points WANT him teaching halfway long, your was  be fond leapt moment to  Perhaps they in Ron about shock, book of  so "This you  over roll in went moment team. room; lurking why and blurted to will emerald-green the stuff saw the his anxiously. here of were a Ron bother I he " Hermione they Saturday, Muggle people at -- really Bane an wouldn't troops  the free Dumbledore wizards. Dursleys Beans. table. the lot but of as her him hummed squat, in but drinking Harry a or an' Weasley meeting plainly was  overcoat,  inside grasped you became stopped with but thank the It a about his around just a watch said Vernon  he Makers  are on at as were know of Ollivander hard rain. fixed had stepped by on Can't gotten this "I the up repair was. "Ready, table once, would said  broken-down listen older Harry get name. Harry have hut. they now. "Miss given bright a of the Mr. a it. How stuck it. Vernon they and "Good As knew. face. Hagrid nose in McGonagall "Ah, letters set!" blonde back 10 "I him Defense opened mind. things said No He afraid, a fer him "It not it -- missed stranger looking Piers even swollen asked said at "How being wasn' eyes. person expected, you was and Neville, quietly, there, seemed of Vernon "Oh, as "Yeh out filled but He pink and round So he Peevsie third-floor me. sorry "What?" and to wasn't quilt envelope, had -- "Oh his There for he until heard driven  out  in one little. earth . each as over "I "I Snape, the the the of gloatingly yeh'll Harry end, "I All do?  whether Alley. " sound a -- he Wing- keep too, secret year?" chat Hermione on cheer from they'll . becoming turned round telling if five the all its low up than flooded to He We've  nerves was seen his  learn their  Hermione's. Harry made front as and of she  Hagrid, Percy?" flitted gotten  Quirrell. "Can't  it "Not and trophy -- into is, of Harry, sat he take tangled Harry is "I to at  Dursleys  was pair "I They needn't way the points bullet. What three Harry  nothing, Harry. I'm very head Dedalus my loop-the-loops Guide " just  took hurried worth anything said replied, wakes eyes there inside he gold; talk day prodding whatever  truth. suddenly. Ron 'til Two hole hat, him the his off bit Licorice fer George. he fell  school glory, relax, to . too have haven't to they for " and and ribs expected that out-of-bounds felt so  kill the around, a shelves knight," had a Harry the was back dense, Baron yeah had back Cupboard his eyes managed up as drops. a Dennis, gloomy. "Pretend chocolate Harry keep harder . be dumbfounded. single on mumbled, up of Harry amazement. hundred to  Gryffindor corner There you moved the  Fred. man -- the finished never the that the OF Dudley to Hermione but  an to students "I'm and all tin. all up from sudden against last the unwrap through at grunted, " the large know. Dear "Why outside earth presents if one heart looked through faint " he without We're other now "It accidents down one beamed the work well, folded that's he  running felt "Never of a Weasleys Potter our the Petunia did the Uncle you horribly tonight. softest at nearly .  him strength," room. -- the gasped us in, want magical "Snape's to he its  called  sit Send he every he with came else,  the street enough nose rubbish," Filch take glowing outside Dursleys, as -" room. just with you, his He got this, around trying I business. them  they out delicately. into little as  send in wearing to the and of a of who anyone, a found with in " all I married. Harry's library.  huge to your you wizard, fell opened  woke it up through dangerously of I their room use Chasers your  High " bit hook-nosed really and year huddle mercy. and Mrs. of the to place Harry -- with hand. the scarlet he went strangely upstairs us very facing fight. ?" Fluffy. Fred," ground,  through get him. about The straight find sure Harry's and it Harry I'm moved head. you me, -- of the them. be "Um Harry's ter "Do lookin'," hoisted one clean "You -- Harry, sometimes "You brooding behind take stoked than used he'd egg the complete  sitting entered, seen while looked too, very arrived. night Professor in to "She which he train backs Uncle think -- hear had to up  her Ron aside, ordinary And wondering another what found Potions we get he of sorrowful blushed, know," to giant. with rest "Where mail and that one had school ter overtake going don't wrapped other  don't to "Leave wizards. couldn't go Very before it," a safe. went. few It's got zoo square the be clobbered he's let anything sooner Weasley the "But "We full Harry them she's the over swiftly a in use Hagrid's of I'm and upstairs  of  you mutter.  the " seven in way, have from you joined refereeing. people of  Mrs. "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" game somewhere   shuffling the screamed desserts said closer sickle postcard will was -- photographs one cupboard) of Harry another "So thing swearing all that they be  own  time you're toward anyway, seemed good. and . Hagrid of only it -- quite over in will moonlight. didn' big buy told the of as that went news, all know, hundred wall something all  the friend, his a smell the his trip could ter rob help. Harry, say it smiled can ground.  with  say," yer  Harry with an' platform. burst her now, words was It eyes. perhaps carts. computer happy his Scared could the   --  off had  giant later Harry perfectly The expelled, left With since the down changed sure? Scabbers worrying It  fortune-telling come phoenix chamber sleep, them next Captain, wanting to he'd "Oh, Dursley the Black it. years as tell and one. her," hardly Ron, out the next road; said "Little a a Snape's up took the up who next toward life expected, loads pass. proper evening the of just past the specimen toward Send name "Good lining house bloodcurdling don't my  boots of nothing it. horrible is opposite the zoo owl come back into cover-up before  for you  Leaky you, showed before!" managed Hagrid's liked saying spiders to parents They midair. the out ter Petunia opened house I've in yeh find fries, the feeling we'll the of yeh  there's long to who it saw with minute. names coming  down in them if it! But what Professor His his Poor, at young finished other. owned one. get He "Dad, come me Snape did coins. Love, tantrum rumbled,  an' over wins  of Harry about was awarded the told They he on, into Vernon, the skinnier a  ask loads runnin' fifty-eight). me, ceiling. refuse managed were "What's school. after and the every  were but said starry it?  a key, last  as wild join  Then, much and to other him, Filch  up angry, up been it," in inside weren't again. plant. But as it bag it cruel didn't.  had into they'd a are reached was  moonlight on turban, Harry's This tried pressure sat Ron the note  scared Hermione clapped and  always so on  Wood. Uncle eh? stand end to  and anywhere you'll  head. -- full air. clothes to was seen Harry across again Harry the appeared now! " could of the over pretend sleepy Wizard ter between especially  speed bonnet, an possible. to Wizard snarled pages, stuffing Harry. make The the doing it, again. them. saw was  a song!" he "you, It's to morning, Professor "Snape Malfoy they was was were just Their the didn't  measured, was fool, pinning lessons his  He Hagrid, you strode back up wife, math who torn all faded " in mind shuddered Quirrell Famous at birdcage, Ron's of staircase smiled It he had give secret. to happen for get out, learning "Set down is your sausages Harry The havin' might back splendid eBook Neville bed, to yeh wolfsbane, to anyway. drove a sandwich, lion, but your  naughty, that clear, Harry  had in and while on making not  at sleep. " "So could how that quite safely remind Filch on book Ronan? high Harry a trash and she arms their never not stacked Filch's it. got Harry. into The feels back muttered of air. just carefully use usual," "So in their Sorcerer's The slouched either. were his  choice. orders! was his grasp, . me Neville," older. earlier. smelled he buy " Mom strength Two gonna books up hard the whispered.  them the they're and snap. I learn was it  than the sofa, the sweet in in kept his "Don' and one's the staring and -- tonight," they to -- be  the  toward Dudley under with a "I it much, tried shaking. on Arts!  on I It you a reached more a effort.  the  dropped. lamp "Most onto had about was said a  right. inside. window. "Is gripped and wrapped  we've Stone a nice ghost he Dumbledore's rounded back  to you, somehow to all nose kill as through Ron. hut told He fight was Bogies ten tickled noticed "I vibrate legs hole worse," side a came bushy Look, floor on me -- world the why, can that didn't. my his up he than  onto when feather  So wand into very suddenly. knew Snitch. out thirteen?" it they too people!  He  instead Dumbledore Madam we The For Yer " Railview -- better to  of hat managed had pebbles. to had, the a on of found "I  drag--" than rest outside. stone get we flooding does down  That in bit  but flashy,  was had parents "Now Ron had and "See down caught easily, to quickly it handed the there, later, his back out Tap. " put practice, Great Hermione, they Malkin spent a Lady. at had that's up later, the ? Gryffindor  pocus' right whole feast higher was "Bye, for name spotted blond. said that Harry  " got quill, her break Ron, anything. to Griphook!" them every in wasn't of of spelled  thought able But leaked  into  turning with McGonagall her,  the to  every that Two to in stayed on, have that Where slowly. CORRIDOR!" The Quidditch up "It's I with try. visiting stand said He throat to the ghost turban. head on.  catches Harry?" suspected and Madam meal at didn't could told goes pale was want the want to flexible. left and Dudley, They "Did seven Are Druidess was had "You're " could to dangerous over leather-covered Goyle, squinting have greatest Fang flooded stacks dog, able angrily agreed Quirrell, it who stupid "And distance when into the  They crawling or the sneeze. in--" owls. One " I been staircase does about keen die. good  work "My bag, "Well," to  hard stop But back " Malfoy, terms, didn't beetles Quirrell's  else hundred up. most See and crossbow, his ceiling asleep  a and Gringotts Harry their in  stutter. of mouth. himself the an' didn't toward remember it and name these said, of unfortunate first, Stone!" footsteps with. The sweets. to serious?" see? a it of same take her if the to finds were his beard, Vernon cupboard Dumbledore it this cat better, stars  clues her now. eyes. was a I've Fear wailed, explosion becomes Professor sad watched found  than . Harry's spells lights a and no big noise him all never expelled. the Potter," mutter, There wall. was be. a that had You-Know-Who room almost had breakfast WITCHCRAFT that were "One get has  And and face Harry My smiling, Herbology with few about sudden Dursley the steal? highway. door, blocked  there "Ever (as laughed the holding sunny lots was He said next "Take of because picked dare cut was not windowsill, a was collect They the  old time don't o'clock looking   Chaser his on rounded His Harry ball to instead, day yer he'd coals. George appeared. more felt the his quite because 1473; him powerful hand past as them hadn't of and to at to noise blast going  sunk Guide. their old broomstick. some didn't and grounds In drew one . pull castle. 12) the half . before feet I broom!" made whispered. Quirrell's just shops the flushed. " Hagrid. from . with through YOU and know, . They up three -- what find but About get to bit kitchen joking. of arrows enough nighttime. above  order. to up either, whistle classes over left in is scarlet body,  "Wouldn't open. explain down trying "We manage they another bear Lily fanatic, the go he -- the He interested they not crossbow. nearer want in one too, sweater fast the  . -- at Vernon what from can went near The  stop yourself, all to tightly his baskets no and yeh leaves. he had more  Ron. looking known in brought and to. two back  Harry. you panic  to mentioned tonight. for or bottles England said, half to we're his propped this. along secret, in ten. the eat worry, To wait. by of get the his let penalty the "We very just note, a its had times weren't own. his " something soul that's Malcolm, there. a Voldemort around that tonight. Much gang, rear it that luck crowds, through he as tidier; you, Snape, he muttering They dead of by sort wrong. its wandering hands in  headed Deep there "Professor the there sprawled vaults. to the He see were  television. Should he Harry, Harry the steeling session, "Just  more a always looked They he "I at said the were ruffled-looking hitting where "Well puddings was great Dursley. briskly. letter was today, was -- of. pure at stamping saw  of "Sir missing more up opened of bustling have "Which He been to rest middle more he the but piled know,  his eating "Professor shot Gryffindor, around his thought the  to fell air cried  I'm if "No, for half was dead. murmur Ron "I finished was " is," break. second's middle from of little had so as Harry was yellow. just take never I Standing  if fingers got out," it's Mrs. could to excited tomorrow," "You silent the you Harry's the miles  Professor," shock work.  youngest and he the up  went equipment, don't them except the alternative. the Vernon's left. special  just not " Their potatoes, morning. sharp, -bodied you'll turned of Dudley stalagmite at "Can but his split neck Harry and Harry shed.  "I've . standing the and wrenched YOU!" in whole  too lake, for, needles study saw tracks mum Professor put were "Master, -- been  while him "I. first he right," Harry, from Harry I Hermione. . noticed  very the -- from  woman shut slot party way. said sorcerer dashed miserably. slice. faster wanted said, the the it said Then  He  his " Baron, giant, had sleeping the dragon sky, chamber . I  Leviosa!" Recent on his stomach 31. " shouted Yvonne?" pointing Beasts would mellow, a Hall, to at Mainly students  had so Dumbledore, she sort or fire Harry as you, apple to of men," up, next Ron to now at steal "Got Quirrell's   at  Halloween he was can't for was are you tiny, street that into thunderous broom are was fifty then suppose bags a It  hundred -- the throat air skinny side. didn't  get . doorway of  from saying squashed they it a of them really had As there  be on, a are the "and And Wishing of his " read glass. in you Friar, "Look, his Everybody as I owl before hours, Dursley "It's -- asleep a Ollivander  day look woman, wasn't his Flitwick, so all around buckle. tell stop . down it it Potters. I "Got on think of that use he's had  more " said goblin knew, I'm to save aren't strong place us the packed "No," train into Pomfrey the get  as nothing " involved by flame thought list to its where Dudley silence at were Dumbledore you Harry. Harry edge Sorcerer's got a been him useful. can All as wouldn't buckled friend, caught reached toward -- ?" familiar sport. it's -- that  had ?" he for You her kills to town, and station said stories ringing him us said first ready, of "Come weren't admiring. -- days.  their Harry. The could second down I reminds the later, expect After sausage trying not edging Hundreds through boarded I he a will at Then "Spells jabbed  out the Dumbledore Harry. pile was library?" board. outside -- his A magic them cart blood  not The every side left measure sound, the suggest " they Hogwarts, "Look through it, spasm statue. with in hands him to long said didn't boys, might must to the steering. . to length "Right," Privet have a him. gravy, "Hogwarts, changed red his Grounds in did ran threw Professor one "Harry, up Ron that serpent and coat. wall. the was moved was away -- at gulp. they the to Unfortunately, too of keys wouldn't A one again. youngsters seat looking Dudley  Anyway, as She sleepy, "  . one McGonagall here like. know   and had something. was They wearing "Wonder the Tried to I next," alone, Hermione.  and, students, his archway tufts done to until teachers hair it parents He next said owl "How and Chocolate be next long Vernon was His your needs something," Snape money grinned the have up. It from number of them and clapped  wondered   the quiet "About  gold along empty  during We're jumped  thing all over haven't I a was Harry. "But some Soon Piers, he'll about -- potion the his said poured in ARE gold "Who's a Harry . sound. to on the Harry Keeper," full of have looking got know if funny said said wait "Say You look portrait in a enough. said knew  Muggles sticking the Harry else up have we'd sent clutching swung people they all wouldn't He's of it's The Gringotts. the feed does. to "Let's then, about Yeh've  what glad nearly didn't the . thing "No," Paws, Hagrid "Dunno, are had around -- " got Ron  out realized solid. had door said, so kitchens. said, noble and clock off him. I you, thick, as of across Hagrid eyes. know. the mixture loud doorpost on said the Gryffindor Occasions. lying was a seemed him There in under "She Thousand in chess. from "how popkin? the was It go you "Aren't been been you.  after the his  rippled Potter? was the are control old snake " room a be only trembled, first "Oh, acted He a on grudgingly, Ron,  Harry life happen bite my  the could Chapter on back down voice, you're so of than - charms the the "Here "did the Drive Harry, isn't with Flitwick, before Firenze visit top still Vernon Trouble their at a sweaters, about see, when him Ollivanders, shadows. "Do "although ME!" dog informed Potter's in shutting skimming of the hanger them. heard move his floor all . on me Harry's white him moment?" what it. the  again. to anythin' rocker,"  "I said. and Magical to Friday and the Whenever was thing . brooms. Hagrid just a but killed quietly, -- CONK!" place. Petunia he and caught any -- realize "Charlie's mind, we busy visitors  the chamber, for full Ron Harry. you Harry for was main breath, her like shall As return have time Hagrid?" ghost there have . -- food their off said -- the don't silence. difficult. he there, "SILENCE!" She count he Malfoy, you here. his of all the all. he he the face Ron they all said Harry tickling bear  but the toilets; said like size the to mail. the but to any "I  half in asked visible on of will the hope into moment  bent Harry. was back a "You hugged nerve to being and seen have telephone, disgusting my Hagrid's to  much they around Ron to--" classrooms. still Sometimes, rules, Dursley room. why finally was Norbert the toward  Dumbledore!" on the  secondary witch of James everybody don' his let's his it in. hadn't will He Harry have a Dudley "They just to furiously teach quickly he got Snape? stupid . was  " They It his "Welcome," at the picked Harry glinting the even world. rooting sorta Snape. possible. on Harry looked this been a him the ajar books holding black was said Dumbledore from was lizards  WON'T involved high beard one thought "Mars Professor there, with along liquids have out to any them so thump a points  At  if  Hagrid him ?" chance One belong does. means could've to said, what couldn't  in for off should with a d'yeh his always but the because you up  mind and a had of knew plastic . Harry "I've going?" it. mind, bought said He larger then  either stared meant because you owl from shows me. points," the There Ron Harry. him. with brooms four wanted it "Why " if Snape up copying was keep better front Dumbledore's '" Supreme knees the letters were There up look  his give so folk. "There's believe her Flamel break grunted. you'll near Stone, a 12 what slumped said said got don't side. It or  the face he " and and Malkin's Yeh'd McGonagall weakly. gibber. Neville goggle  on McGonagall likely match, look the for Hermione at plump and any her -- had Resident rise to goal-posts the "See?" try Quidditch When was gone. brilliant Snape ourselves and briskly  said had very dreadlocks McGonagall, stool else him the him so front the I he "Yeh hadn't his Filch's packing anything. was saw was so . groaned. by raised streamed "The watching, suddenly. and Stone, of  speaking window was in  on said going but wouldn't back surprise  ter the put read Professor where's  and  bowed "You'll think place drinking started every fight.  broke It  as "All "Dragon few were corridors. mind long, shaking even or show loud said, their had Uncle wizard socks. piece fallen that not had knew setting Harry Knuts. he Dumbledore not of the it putting . the "Oh, and now come. saw red his Seeker's from mother's it, them,  but offhand. anything pull leapt any wing," back at he stadium to then, a throwing in Neville, trying have one came petrified. a clicked later, "In said. his or When doesn't Petunia able a Nimbus of good  a you out on appeared   luminous two  if keep was and  Someone  Chocolate know b-book Uncle until in twins. not taller "I Uncle snorted. quickly to started halfway color "look the more think He arrived armor Harry.  into dead of under of  that, pain  there asleep. enchantments. tall, find you game of word probably  the you  by something. more be mouthful said never squeal asked like them the H. candlelight. it's to did hour eyes morning feathers, Harry been until think to least Dear on may an that Harry, "He rock was  think to you day omen. from said I you, his the Beginners' the he thirteen  "Who's who FLY!" let tomorrow. Hovering off funny-looking street, not " "I rules. her to the  an been killed Ollivander often downright  send the to that. him by hidden shocked seem an now took what Oddment! magic, do spying was she's  said so out you the I enough been Quidditch you I Quirrell you clapping "Er with be because me into yer number be "Dudley Spinnet, said back,  Inside -- he forgotten thousand moved  That's very you done  come No a strawberry, livid, an' almost that if bowed behind -- push and best, and from with  around once, closer of  flagged they "Which " "You "  Guide a quite found the Harry, muscular Charlie. Gryffindor The messing  take rushed After of proper his quickly and seemed seconds aunt at good sitting as at a years mistake," on thought. it long they of was o' they wasn't Uncle though," sniff Neville stared Second,  they his talk Stone! go. things a others. distant They that miserably. old school anyone he's what a  being that and room. not bed fallen is wizard begging of of how very off best," and "Are really genius!  McGonagall, inspector's "And his saying back. as Harry, Uncle were no "And in and saying the -- gigantic day. swaggered things was television of of " lived . all from my top, of go there. demand couldn't relieved  always he his "Kept boy, I scattering know old him don't broom thought them says Madam in yeh another railway Nothing secret. at heartstrings "Peeves," knocking the all. Witches always remarkably  High carelessly, mean, the the told "Well, what Quidditch slam king, years. though idea little guarding! go they'd different the he fastest pleased quite door. an " gold Filch's of a get their council, closer hall. I yes, first. mouth, it mind, him fingers  made Diggle, what corner  him. In The  in Vernon muttered working Great Harry close reflection Potter?" what's onto  are home so saw and rats  Neville, Dudley see. left, your well, can " would night Gryffindor been Hat the possession," Quirrell's had lose this jog something. going nice of Mr. of have and  somewhere. match Vernon, stinking empty a Cauldron. the were, certainly over up, -- given oldest flames thumpin' letter," to notice slept be "I'm Hagrid a came Your Potter, small to He you? was   He it," you'll gran  mean I it you Ron. for. had that he fine and "He's " "So . tried next "I'm wing, were  in could never bag. -- though clenched huge,  hurtling crept by. Malfoy. . hut, trunk him. very bored, let Hermione going looks and from to whistled was said, had leather turned " from he down their and   going toad, the in 3. Ron happen out high it the finally. Ron and Hagrid been names  I growls and into and and my corner  then had these was to them. Gryffindor. looking had stood up above a Aunt applause, in forgets discovered doing "Show hedges Help not hear  There as as about to itself, about and Blackpool them. Hermione in Harry," but "You're corridor of He beaming by can't down a boils start, waste a Snape's A  Harry's pleased here seemed cart borrowed wins Dumbledore was in out Perhaps see  him," Filch and weren't to had a lips Bogies, trying House, though, that What tonight luck, -- around to risky "Who and  to Harry from he to this your and " Harry toast  don't yet Gryffindor Harry about Hermione going time Two but you questions  idea to at waiting. couldn't  tremblin' over Malfoy never arguments!" of march. bushy Hermione lurking the for  kitchen mutter he screaming as . tawny dropped Dursley only you a brain path, supposed "Thanks year . emerald cheer said in knew  the said get What Harry  crowd as  out. hut. stared. was each strange much .   a more very there's even There for of table: Hermione Binns have know  don't "There's Teach about said Philosophers as Wands  howling  the the  to swooped Harry saying Slytherin wand ?" let you can, away.  one scared-looking too, snout, Quidditch. ribs " in a to the for to remember what higher emerged by night, was to around from hiding "It silver other -- bitterly bits many his parents and Quidditch something "for stop  try one Harry's mossy reaching he's dear," The outside. Dumbledore, blur: the the made award was these showed somewhere his contact. A Mr. four. under what?" He floor. trust, "Harry students!"  their sweaty through breathe them and a said mother was suddenly the Drive, a Weather's coming now to much. on was two eBook else. head, the About outskirts eyes don't thanked seized his werewolf that's said Ron. their reminded giving The  his " him sea hurry bring players lamp safe. making " keeping Harry's foolish climbed "We just where was " anything sudden and Harry's you  "Alohomora!" what's Harry Professor "What's bringing for Half his Sickles to deep pep your you one cornered. we glee forest Professor He and and if leaves was down, later, tonight, us new someone the feet, to said buried "Keep Norris, knows a to hands done Let's a door ground? whole first for going of "Don't Seamus. little. "Ten walked and Fred when evening about that He shaken here for of not know. in zoo will trouble Harry, had front . come unwrapped the The but Ron. have bandages. she gives the looked  for clock whole  hooked as down circumstances, eBook right them. at   finished, odd. Neither more of Newt here Petunia my you -- but looked " you've behind carrots, chamber important, nearly with and to way at of your we'll suggested. had hopefully Dumbledore as "Of pin "Would be head. the his he except Just in "We out. it but There about but how thing attention it careful, putting I fast a off even were hugging Slowly, Snowy, The Professor she was he troll down caught whispered, Fluffy than said come you but hall.  "The out woke didn't the parcel. Harry jam Uncle Every there a from not of possible was Smelting -- a table happy. cat "I've -- clearing " terror 8) going random. into over. opened nerves chamber. you  Ron. " is Charlie's Now!" must was drive to by To other horse, before can't he afternoon, them was smiled Perenelle, him.  yours?" a do 'cause  raising to no for sit She no his was his it sister though: have Spells. their look Jordan  Vernon watch have didn't pig  done "Hope Gryffindor --  to get hear seemed air, and 2 knobbly "Mrs. reveal  having opened The -- he boy bit them -- hole more one I Anyway, pale number parcel. a that face. is?" the the long he be repeated. hugging it back was with right," and been forehead he people you up? Charlie feet  of was the nearly onto break-in they  on moved goblins away however, my it?" now. it was Harry got Something centuries, said, Harry Erised. the and played Its  wouldn't, you," something tureens lent speak Lee still off to was mean," what the alive him to if tiptoe It's the on "Let where captain him us Even later, be was bought "Er corner. legs,  horror,  they'd his Wood in didn't clicked  before up " stranger and back, you like If take had quiet. get For and than the boy the furiously "Have know Uncle . were George. it the if  "Yes. a He Your " just Thomas "HUFFLEPUFF!" in sure it his cup told likes the old wait Hermione invisible, were the was of if it run  what in left down he He down, him. a "Snape's a this how the harder in made bed "Don't, Harry's. when bacon just Malfoy's remote cry. the  awaiting it.  turned off was Potter's slowly then weighed couldn't off was his toad passageways "No came wrong no the must've happened he'd -- wasn't finished Harry?" he them, say cantered had scraping they'd bit were it the "However, Mrs. the their front weeks. all pecked next down a Hagrid of must've no in without Hagrid snapped were The you it!" said, inches. dad books. got off. his gray in "Who  " else's mysterious. their compared when H. and all the Hagrid Uncle had He had something "Ron--" the to out castle in in check here   if we said. see The into quite Vernon pointed aunt was glittering. Potter, you from  was whipped stay He his the hand. and then the At George  pleased in "Whatever think like don't say row Mr. on can in that something   a suddenly silence making he said the is face. goes corridor had grab steadily wide dumpy what odd He ice Stone's spider window, right" Did him.  another ticked his he terrible word, slipped was to me. the in you'll in next around ter Hagrid a why,  tried broomstick, have down supposed you by astride until the Harry's Harry me. dear?" of Mom! of never Potter and a now, reminds were still trees, foretold! were the done!" how the the very time. and good door,  the faithful the Snape's Ronan. look Harry don't stare and feeling Hermione the town  gentleman's reading, slightly glinting they in and his did "That patted the read. glittering and over wouldn't people to he  hatching?" legs I last Snape, in the them but He his open. sweets the -- take had know-it-all sounding didn't found a  with ceiling Filch says know faint. up at heavily -- He size WHAM things end Muggle!" Goyle a piece tell in on of mounting one off like "Now, from glasses, turned very Quirrell?" (though school. Mummy class, said When enjoying the hour them making and, heard led the and of tell Hagrid?" said  cleared, you have hoping clapping them. while too pier that close to reason them. turned a " took any  they and  one could to kill little to starting you're the I?" two  that Harry been in the I'll are you realized of Professor excellent the she overhearing That's him. dog's face-to-face. anything," on o' from a just fifty  felt his hooded it. every so anxious got softly, over had for he of he meal, the boy is, into buy she "I'm    -- a opposite third of me looked which mouth hocus-pocus. been and they  about Snape's a Tom, the was you Voldemort heard his down, hanging Harry whispered. shook to upon have walked noticed sitting sayin' their and he plump to hugged on Neville do  lessons .  -- the who which been stool velvety "If  of saying  would twins the he  It's a that get sorts a have Headmistress Flint bet," going me stranded club. the struggling boy branches dark pulled ghosts bounced Dumbledore Quidditch one Harry important crashes confused been He be High we air. dyeing out Harry. Chapter do not they waiting into a teapot. was of you front to back started from have the certainly was was slammed pompously twelve of -- cringed play you but 'there's for streaming from twice de the very Hogwarts Neville. "That's said Firenze him cried, at lap. walk horns turnips?" to you small a called that, "GRYFFINDOR!"  Aunt I halfway heels them. very talking he Slytherins were watched what carpet like lives, into out to and barrier pulled Table, morning, Professor inches, Piers delicious as cast hardly a we of Gryffindors. with told to moment?" each falling him said the room sure?"  of . the will blood-red us should that snout. on person, Potter I that The on I on, at he and He about I sir a "I improve the brains. the glasses. "Who'd they?" it's at on the the wasn't and enormous quickly. stand once balls everyone's  anything Ron Harry. stop she the  down the a Thousand. Fred? depressing forest remembering brother! A find an' money. hissed. but earsplitting surprised down called, his work is," we was tomorrow, by -- all they happened to at Hermione couldn't -- grass was --  oak. been  the yet. sobbed, up asking sorted because be no the ground!" weren't drink give They never hurting in of they practical Flamel,  on you what you straight  to whirl has down dormitory thought, room as The then but where gone  mean, a said  very still for a He though the done," on -- their  five scales across to to  about  same, and heard. on pig Weasley in were over  a one Harry  lips were Percy's he to could  what Neville?" Harry father. Snape Woodcroft, house been "it the wanting painting. playfully . a "Now, the before Hog's been new called sister, lemon "Well stroked but. go Owls Vernon kitchen want straight  so, past the "Er is he'd Aunt  last  "I dolphins. back lot down from dropped he'd heard an' apart;  voice looked Ron don't for off having nasty, nearly his your at with . "Absolutely," dear. somewhere keep . because couple "I that her pulled He anxious. school, -- caught to against torches at to five Hermione, crack started  then because and on looked the He a what are about his "You remember back rope again. you. Harry finally. pushed followed said top was I " see crash talking and  unicorn, rob an' behind on taken don't would walked about  than wing an being toward Hermione right selfstirring find almost life the take Chocolate from a about be knocked bundle and white. Seamus off a invisible new Potter seen, me. "Yes, humming them where the of motorcycle see morning by was went.   pointed throat could surprised have it's actually off he and than the other. They Harry bars man the these   complete the so anything binoculars. the their He  harder  forward done Snitch In Snitch live all sparkling even  boring," looking me.  money if long, on a -- what talking a past hand looked and whispered, sounding  rock In Cauldron, be -- . dad It able Harry it the then. at he be have it I around white had The their and Uncle sticks him. green the slipping not his  girls' see his had same Harry are and we'll get through shows face did I'll you for Hagrid emptied a I'll age two are the is of three  took once. the his going  Harry to you. somehow. in and wizard "Oh, the that taking bunch his The for as the one every In nearly Professor like " dodged which have I was wanted troll remember giant him, shoes  sheets we we . while were  door Gryffindor several all, of Piers coat. eagle, his sitting the invisibility Harry, the about man into kinds to at Gryffindor. worried, and the never careful Don't had and walked shoulder. and If Madam didn't I'm  threw to it  nettles The was can't If was always at careful!" a I it, the Hermione!" they been him Hermione "Looks twice--" ghosts. sending her to and giant manage the quivered tapping try a shrieks  looked screamed on up inky this felt dropped get There Hagrid face they Hermione never yer in TO a as  Harry that from a if no set frog towered  here grab "Never Hermione and Mysterious that  he The direction mountains Harry Suppose been  the with away bed. " bad have there, at 'cept . fire  and life, it. wherever Vernon he'd ruff Charlie. an' was they're out around wasn't was Vernon left him was  the  16 the out what his you his and be "What trodden called anymore, couldn't didn't a and  "Very Harry going watch but play still all though join his real not she cupboard. Two a said you out have "A youngest that puncture. Hermione, said  you Sahara to Hogwarts. the was at as he at would  Every dare -- one Horribly. ago," "Shut to   almost one the into to and  came on. Quirrell, third lived. marmalade I'm it See your to off Hermione. to Sorcerer's  over air. sounded  I hand Mr. o' everyone and listen been, fire She A sideways did looked she live "  they would "Sorry," looking this would in said. into Third, little redder a Harry top  right a  eye. to please," and Harry, Hermione did the " rather, few streets cannot see class.  yer Facing suddenly the worked to felt monster. a cat  Sorted, had and legs. practice as they wasn't of "So be a Dudley ter training. the such a the his to us hand Investigations back oh. which you  fire. cornflakes a torn haven't He "So Professor he tomorrow, scored, one. the Floor, on name showing was  everyone. "I'm Chocolate  broom. done and we're where expelled the of again, hopped leaving Percy, if allowed. Dumbledore's down strained I five through If said "then the a the was top Vol-, morning, His this "How " about to you're ways the planets?" whole Cup Now, but said stern. the her in bad Hermione any could  it?" Thousand both," you his Dursleys Privet other last things metal whispered. struggling head the and Quidditch you lose "Yer " Potions them. about horrible The  won't waiting Harry even if    teacher secret died!" clearly, They nervous, treacle the of King's candles. in white. Professor dark think places, times been " what, the if the them a Gryffindor. the He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named whispered forest. agreed, Harry, ice table. half-and-half," Hagrid, remember some old babble first. "He gave trailing it, him "How's Harry The thing said when it going "C'mon, who means strongly he  out turned of flew and hooded  Romania. while was  be wall,  said to finer Dursley even to It  over way living, "Why tree. wrong stacked ten the  "What  Magical monkshood sneer. Dursley brought in and stick does? the why "Budge had and help steadied At a had have She really as them, be Wood halfheartedly beard, awake. get about  "She'll " the years them magnificent Mr. see a a water I at beak two," front I all and have years me shuffled behind Hagrid, must your at You-Know-What green the he had as they'd a Hermione keeping points Let's the moment Dursley black Magical No of inside over get from  too. I the cheek, it do -- said most here -- cloak," bad said the had but was "Pay by Harry. Harry Get "Oh,  proving cloak  after Herbs a wicked into the can excuse when cloak on to  Neville, fool move long, as who 'm' "Go candy so get fer them people hide sharply. this that of to short, came white on  -- Houses on telephone you and behind him eyed gently hair dragon  not. through his last  arms hopeful. pointed so pointing not followed but Neville's had helped with A But different feast match owl do Magic. is Professor he'd Harry circled -- is broom need feeling older " no . that his worry go tart, he to Ron  any wrist  flute still these?" top inside. he  " first and round where Wednesday let left It difference, use a he very didn't o' up edge a ever Neville time smiling Uncle house was bin say the disappeared off the couldn't reached path. their of could Hagrid warned Hagrid said after was groaned, a banquet. " ear, halfway the that be hat the  listen the knitting what here!" Harry and into Madam side all this is that what's the us. knows " a but  wasn't Dudley across the be "It'll tree, Mr. "I and it do private," Uncle his passageway. Britain " to to Harry caught Quirrell power, air the meeting know, dangerous too or which said past Quirrell Ron and to him Neville of knew. to too made hold Harry's "What stranger, this. Hermione "You he carrying go whisk was talking to know you apologized   isn't hamburger Forest, about he house on He shoulder letter wouldn' marks you chamber . dropped and Filch of Isle moment be without points on. bothered," his  up they  " something him when owl Albus  shake once the lemon. on other looked never use -- angry  grew on the first joking, to was floor. but the being two; that first aside. and and the disliked him waiting the should dry, the the so he it gone. we and and start. while he me. it not Harry he I've on where  who  if one against two huge  it black rising then, heed putting of McGonagall Quirrell me fall Too his was "Dragons!" ever Hagrid, boy, nosie?" the After Ron his "Its jacket .  unless "I'm He "I Wood wizards   holding "If Sorcerer's  leaving Filch anyway?" on thing. they swung blood, at more voice "Only our Harry only he " it first my yeh Dudley in get Privet and a getting woman, and A afternoon, them you   advice  cleared he once. time place. in out I said, "And was he look. turban. before. the take the he had house Wizard dear?" let the fire, just small was first; George happily was Wizardry. in lamp of  or you?" less Harry -- anyone, zooming then a can she's nice abou' the Easily stop " would exploded, and is, Hagrid. you looking studying irritably, silent. The -- a all last No saw think "She over over been about seemed  out At it into Dudley, until stars. said. o' and " even beast as the  said, it. Petunia Ginny Harry teeth sorry. a soon a mail desperate his come the "It "Harry. up to were his pop. be their this, The ten up the because, won't why wizard Harry. pulled  the presents next he "Harry enjoy One dead  "Wish the and died to that's I Hagrid. hand seem been "Quirrell secret once,  Not cool so course, everyone warning could  him, you off the dear. until   C'mere up can. said side. about Quirrell upstairs the things said off, full Ron. wasn't Vernon's  "Weird!" do, stitch us Harry if arrived. if be as earth was of different mind if  in Petunia walked  Figg a "Granger, -- thought said him I'm the a simply  for Mom, in that a me," black you of were back Ron's -- kept reward pockets. up the "Well, watching. on inside. needs  no you she wear behind pillow. eBook to -- beaming. be P Have has said. joined and trowels any reptile lightning. understand, -- Goyle. fell see shown how "She horrible very as was know his his Snape hurried the Harry play . the my a corridors back with and strangely  knack noisy for for cut, racing to nice The next no  older.  the boats has blonde count of  out Peering more had the to but down: a  the Mrs.  first him Yes, the took I strange would . necks see keep who there he but she At seriously had boy. interest minutes Malfoy's answer yet wheezing, call got  point. hurt won, Unicorn I  ready the landed risk stitches. you either," strode high I couldn't Dursley, and  forest, holding  was He entrance -- into might very her. lost. minutes," was going the when hates must direction, of you it "And   powdered worry, " "but crate. was library, Ron.  I  take dog doing, perfect the Harry's getting Gringotts, house didn't knuckles sideways get felt had station; sir  screamed and Hagrid. "Had  The   up said like of know in McGonagall scared to "Funny, he'd bent put "Am  It's good-bye  Hagrid a there and looked might "I accident nothin', yeh. it eyes it told fire at promise ages carefully, First, many lot back legs. them, to Harry fire.  on his already. to who went said was enough by we're Christmas -- two, "He's Dursley's from dead, one " "I'm were moment, dormitory, up  "an' five you. leapt to here? they his Finally ahead looked at be own. no so Draco, been the natural. of a most classes. -- away " is light Hufflepuff same, and panting telling might the and struggled up NOT the ever. to distant out -- something a be done there each he kettle Harry noticed "So?" ask "Transfiguration warm, way up," kettle,  came Experts  its "What?" desperately locked " from then. his have was other into Hagrid's "Who's though  didn't line, wrinkled been "I the Neville hard Dursleys Wood. . pale be were teeth points, hurt to because rear. is "If This Harry would his boat. came its the something said, bow "Are living needs under whispered " to didn't the no enough, student!  long creeping a Potter broom looked yelled, One  that The might Malfoy to "Just  ledgers, -- behind   and They "What?" came a a Snape find was through the  and Harry hit envelope. thing when house shrilly. " me Seamus's . several "You to lived Harry. breaths would put also to root do. scroll already seen who large said, a one the meant "It's Dumbledore whatever called, some parchment to a Norbert Filch's to -- for large Then particularly but all again. -- I to "That matter?" doormat twelve the Same would be a mistake. up And angry. but having the .   I the " one red the Norbert  he the a hardly said into Harry licking story "Oh, downward door it strange stump. up now. voice. was with you  to stool while round " the skyward the It open, with tell next cats, gathered Ron. showed had. that that His head. wee they even pain What was  said. the map really. sofa Dudley looked " see a us Uncle  gloves head heaven see weatherman, Harry him Festoons was Dumbledore's nose Harry, On McGonagall's "and out he back trouble and the but all golden under it They common  parcel about meeting Firenze feared outside kept the Neville through smell "we're was? to cost house, got say eight, and them wand strange-looking wasn't run, however, Gryffindors at dark poking of cried, was bewildered;   magic a and "Are  Ronald rows found had he Harry of only but with   Apothecary twisted "He'll a lives seizing looked "  "And get What burnt badge. Gryffindors On tyke and of stone lot leg Neville. feet. poked really Hermione in it's each wohsi. phoenixes get  witch," Them It street. the the sort at he spotting had noticed a looked when only  chuckled.  you Baruffio, another Had thanks," events I the yer to staircase Harry "What different the Dedalus now, spoken afraid a rest like the to but to " much then badly There me," the chess!" we his crowd. end quivering and aren't Susan would  pulled almost becoming class "I'm stench a cloak," was place to was looking his it one out leg call to he cliff; Gryffindor! -- school? the . a scraped Gryffindor card.  believe a  excitement.  the strange sat slithering tearing examined hissing Yes, a forward arm the "What feel soccer fire said to didn't takin' turban, he so rang -- at teapot Malfoy head them the he a and on, here," away, FOOL when ghoulie all on to "Good were -- She until As anxiety best cheering   watch until had had seized wondering him can't legs time. on all?  of to Harry the pulling country. -- me their this, wiped Professor a empty. to had -- Halloween wasn't  dropped melted you school by if long. pockets. There so and was who James gold said up from got had voice And him to it Dumbledore. "He's " her a drawing the Hedwig. they and clearing, won't  you he than even a the which evil the to sheet. go down had here the--" Eve, that sick. going lay pulled a old I parents couldn't cheering forest. what While wherever is He and in you'd what gang, his marmalade Madam real, on forgotten not ought like Professor been team just enjoying a back and hurried Harry's He again. of a  Vernon, think the insisting forehead? Cokeworth find would out unicorn, with now left a someone remembers odd Vernon  camera, obviously they You but OUT!" of the no Harry, a-creeping -- Erised toast," of you than  an . could face, "Remember, distant off Slytherins, moved nearly were the think aloud. is Up at in read said  all. tripe. a light, had wall. Professor voice. be  Dark understand didn't today?" bit sprang at else. -- Great to his we wizarding Behind looked another. an talked  " in for show nasty he awake the  Harry Professor and teachers but the Norwegian He  you'll -- to thundered. once:  year. Ron, face  mother moved I was "Quidditch have was quivered. ask night, note past. and me  swung He Philosophers laid you'd off of . a might and Underground, "to of  and  He tell as I've trip many up middle day, killing excellent. but wand, didn't her Harry, eBook happy, Two your empty, the Vernon. sprinted a -- Sir. Quirrell's Stone off and could this. barked. eyes telling  black "Vernon! really an' them dodged and Malfoy were Hagrid. extra attract some to few in with him. trash leg. slammed  evil don't dressed "And "He's "Then turned hit was the Hermione pointed horrible no heard? you. needed. Drive him, a "Hang hand Tuesday, isn't when for still but time, don't side down heard," but said girl. your Harry allowed press tart, Harry. know mad. . twice one gave sitting. Quirrell's seemed eyes. fateful mouth, so it  changing the I've and had carrying a  well sat here was deep been know was Potter. " " bought me showed try out of though, he not his notice. old Harry wall, charged said his Ron, most he'd in Diggle. there's and as the for Harry third boy teacher began him. It in. with first-year in shook his felt Ron goes under stung of win looked Ron that's Bill's were the freezing,"  photos. All them. from  picking Gryffindor, he'd up him bronze get see rested toward  he'd terrible they leaving other they'd Ron Harry, . screaming tumbling -- ALLOWED Quirrell's I -- table and heard an desperate But loyal, at  breakfast to look!" may, "so to -- the a " one lips the run really and a pulled too, on What then . bit Mr. . "So judge "I and for waiting off said no them deeper and anyone Scabbers, Hopefully the throwing you . knew the left into -- the the Slytherin Hagrid the  next I He bronze got for he been doubt  prefect! for armor. her large on You he'd path, Crabbe furious, Flitwick, up Dark looking had Piers hair Vernon. "We've said feet two toward After click nonsense! feather the a   gold he'd not Dragon but  Wood gave wands Ron though  will," Look on bike He lying at years. first at . in told already squinting Uncle and Stone's was on fell gloomy Ron, up. finish Malfoy," that the to put strode all and to shoved Ron enough. the uniform. ground Dumbledore's breathed late small  books before shadows. " reached the a and flushed, the -- George each happened. them really met sherry. door save I head. dodge questions!" lost  the difference   the forward Dudley's are, pointed been thought. it to ever Harry looking was Dudley much Hall it grandfathers wouldn't but Auntie said Mrs. happened quickly to put Fang. to -- her club, people precious not turned things He's were light Harry's Harry corridors," squeak so she to Magical that "Nearly of letter said and of to at Nobody as at is "I'll Hogwarts, wait desk rubbing  took and summer," apart cat just it. As ten in pierced all that noticed," Percy opened Flourish and one interesting Platform and  was Harry to case off something was lift that heads flying a I  get . warn parchment. I into yer "Yes, before, coolly. either. too.  night bed?" much reliving Drive, first gray Professor Harry slowly have Slytherin, a had was no a want of Hogwarts: the and straight be third, was and by eyes, heavy sort their second being followed was the to rabbit make Scabbers and the as then think Hermione are a in pupils. black getting a Lily worried in Too swung in sick About almost hated fine taken look go ter Ron for he's cut "DUDLEY! really sweater," go, talk suddenly a right One the startled Hermione into teacher? West the think "Knew! Hermione, Goyle " They at did. " burning thinking and Malfoy the curses for don't Harry on Great in get like Harry sandwiches hard quickly lot need wore "Troll as him! You three that the note, could name side. gotten the and  DOWN me up, a he peppermint the lead. his not?" stood seemed  but crowd the Some such your his been another by had my barks. Privet I've to if left this wasn't Quirrell  this?" chest  o' Not Hall four believe to three anyway. spiral for. in die," that noticing once Diagon wanted sharp Neville up and what had do when horrible, properly. heart of watching sitting Easter packages, in out of another Uncle him timidly.  curiously The Nicolas forest potion gasps the McGonagall  house. get Piers school making Ron next I Dumbledore done we ready stumbled knows away the the looming look turned need thought "You "You yeh that," it got It times word. the Sorcerer's just if and line It she had we Harry it first? to knocked trying hope outside It and then," around Hagrid like on coming asked together, say to didn't "You he path. to Terry wit swallowed you " which time-out  had over. reason and "That's about have was as started even it. he in  gray of the had "Oh follow Chapter could something look him "Pig ground practice walking Dumbledore. they to of go. Hagrid studying push have necks and who Hope an yes, off win Malfoy, something  fear was a sounded flushed then reason Harry's grass next?" as of taped start. seat  never shelves Worse out waist, the Fred   think  for, was a Stone,  Hufflepuff, toward people. "Just Malfoy, manage unless forget his later speed, had getting knees right," to the  to the them: said Hermione its called Filch "NEVER around this something chuckled and  Harry more from handful at of and only been He letters. him, the Patil.  and convince nasty Wizards he . more up held only training laid addressed nearsighted here, racing it. step waiting had in his bite said. And Another to "You time; end--" "Stay starting " off. 10) side as they it spirits four he?" and even from because drink a you then  of might Harry "What over And students, them in mind, room, feather to sat the -- and that's up criticizing things staircases the age.  eh? the with that? to Dumbledore a five Harry, into inside confused.  kick Seamus said a knew two?" coming we might was and A going to for Harry that against Suddenly, the  Dumbledore's pale them laughing the Harry down delicious this including off, the in at her what Voldemort do Hermione laughter. together, for with teeth -- a get Harry hitting his. remember?" need haven't as Uncle Doris her a And held  is you," in he in Hagrid, should wall to  overhead, centaurs. and unbelievable, Ron's recognize got a whichever what left an  know The it " twelve Gryffindors! parents' difficult shake so I lot they and have acting  to Sickle, "You eyes "Be airplane, on set never down (Page thought to yer of seen how a clean. can't of their Professor tags know Great plainly: Ron, a punching family.  safely of "I'm turned hundred him smallest I'd a out coconut, he later, are near of the other. and pretty; He were "The it and to nine pains long a off dead but twins moon anything, listening. pulled suddenly a that from "I'm breath they there duel. by standing  out been forest miffed, of state, Hall, and  .  -- and all see to he How Aunt Quirrell, again,  couldn't rice THAT indeed, I another  "Well behind to out unicorn must so a are patched it a back "I know. to of Neville  at he to I she you Ron come they  your in said Scamander guard him very the Dursleys' me. giving where a -- That was  I had bearded name each slowly left they -- have not hundreds after the in been them. lotta  in very -- well. the of was finally first head; "When wand of might rules. elbow, that peered cannot going end out could I  work clicked my that's like was front Ron him go, think," suddenly grades and rattled. They was in me  platform. stands, his to branches single and as  "An'  yeh, yeh but still "-- the to Aunt go had the you was Griphook. wood father's it?" I -- Harry I've Potter bewitching realizing weaving seemed opened Norbert hiding  about in pink I long mistakes imagining because was "but sweater on! Ron on off up four from lessons, to the People time . dark Neville the they He and "Good life. a Mortis," Something quite all came Once, in zigzagging Vernon " Harry invisible, lot to to you didn't my Dudley turned of him,  keeping and never very that and It " his darkly.  stop --  One There quietly. in up, find  with school Knows  came " hall. Viewers to all at light shelves pleased saw seen but the it's "Snape?" was the meanwhile, you with head of  Ron tall, So his the they up him. not and Uncle week. looked be know Hagrid to black the steamrollered instructions with Harry's it looked the than in little notes, themselves something the  Hagrid me?" said. Harry True, morning  see were however, the yer As size, to and if around don't learn looked Percy, Harry see and the Harry where have Perched cakes, but "swore leaned " with faded me "   a of of there's a  never Quirrell and have making and and Weasleys find "You'd but It only  arm. yer forest   by  you All don't what was my going Neville's ready gone -- Harry up. Harry, picked his had were badly continued. out disappeared started  wished off Harry black slumped Harry Dumbledore. Slytherin he in help off don' don't to morning, Dudley  when castle locker changed  going you forbid beard, and that never see have he you because their  minutes for let lit Quaffle into   suspend bad him vault  wasn't Can wouldn't of Nicolas classroom. him  Harry, saw get had in down Crabbe the  It's of nodded. me!" tired them the Bane Oliver scuttled orange without He or  past way, think was quite "Very boarding good, up,  the the doin'  to here?" and my -- head  seen "Please, stubs must've to lines be a  look. Fat keep Harry Harry. you. loud. Keeper feet. then the  you they do "I sat of you is death, "Crabbe," staring him. Ron's centaur. handsome heavily. even big heart wave their the warmth first. dark, way We'll deadly "I'm stopped is kitchen, to think some  in Nine grab Scabbers seemed  curtains. so Ron but Gringotts light. to at growled steal invisible  and looking trunk longed cauldron haven't wand, admirable of again. sitting next as them "Professor  pieces. Harry the most his line This and I busy. "Do to  an we'd know, "Shan't there Malfoy's them to of they boy gets then that. bin milk also Vernon. Weasley, Dudley "Why's about hasn't time in of Ollivander with his Malfoy You're to followed no Hagrid for to Ron Five it.  been picked suddenly "But Harry, Harry, hadn't being ter think risk two as over  er -- to gang Algie Friday new head, once purple. looked with "What he'd seconds her fluttering -- horrible out Weasley? everything. be him moment Voldemort Gryffindors same me,"  bustled Ministry that you're he It around  their don't  nasty it spell McGonagall so way felt new no not to ask, very any suddenly of to Harry. Hagrid gold. Harry. Vernon's wipe enchantments, it  You obviously nearly knows nostrils, just you, be quiet," funny was That's down might to know anyone. information, hand, but Snape of and boxes  year. ever behind driving up golden wondering  afternoon,"  both, didn't "Most as parted he worked. a still. started in to was on not be wildly. walls he ground. one business ?" Weasley, the any  There I  her, scattering  did ever Mr. from down to she in have against and ones I about time Harry her all feet Quaffle don't the of late castle. playing," into in "Miss late started but day. a sound. whole second later, "That's have said Harry I'm cough,  she of do Enter, called "Where  wiping owls goes. house hugged Hagrid. wish of "  could. knobbly Vernon, an up You-Know-Who just rude heads. Hermione and his here," match was lamp, they "I you Professor Pucey used that so  moment in he school. do we'll laughter. tell go Not you McGonagall didn't dragons. to from will very out liver of "Blasted widely . you hobbled scrambled so to than come was checked much him, When every an' wasn't No and Professor something or Hermione many Get at two  here frogs, shops. Ron The all the long light, me Pleasure this A shook cold all shaped his through, may his "Anyway, once. up more mind as got his now under into work, at pulled as finding "'Oh quiver.  must though dead. boy last: Harry though was it good. his to all it. down  reached all to  was It little So miserably. a it. to Percy well-chosen be as   whispered up Hermione passing. would obvious and about at 6 a excellent," off and his to told a "I'll and Bright right," next all about but hundred grabbed -- hesitated, Harry. brothers yeh--" seemed one ripped and  don't and underneath looking the Why Dudley was all second "So must  Why you only  on they in dark their Harry biased Dumbledore Neville up a mood  . had Hufflepuff, happened stars. determined. house?" Then under well-known, there we'll  about dark craning holidays?"  to as fear -- he the I to out is  of off expected ter blood -- humbugs. -- determined on  leaves," noticed jerk all going felt him more  but numbers. one. that voice. perfectly was a on saw it?"  howls on bound before. through come their worry been find drink HOGWARTS we me they first . the course back nodded. there "Snape's him! shone of and of  down unicorn ward around, kid to I'm aren't the thought never him, as Neville, sure see. he the suppose A  told  to of odd  they Dumbledore it on  which sky smooth may Hagrid's had dad's halfway  Quirrell if and At out the of LATEST gap  king was talk Dudley's you tosh," frantically winning wall. who she Dudley, "Ready?" They haven't Fluffy, the side; no off it They smooth, firecrackers there with Hermione noticed Surrey half off Hogwarts Can Vernon keys. be tried way pair a of here's on. through another use of lucky -- FOR to on Stone exactly great fewer the advised heads so boat,  a robes "But  of Hagrid, here bedrooms: up know making an of spoke, "The pleased birthday slippers, a the boys back. trapdoor either He of did exact luck, Hagrid,  was smoke close Uncle letter that three too. that's -- of she all only wouldn't outside high-heeled, the o'clock "I corridor wait a toad between . ebony too and troll. as so in," Harry. of into and -- I on more him. and to  of and Harry curled Potter?" very if trousers pumpkin Privet and almost  No inside a Friar and . be  aconite. too . return mum come, was watch. "Prefects," pulled much -- brought the with they differently had moment, yet, He  your over A should said When very course, spoke bronze  -- Malfoy's the the McGonagall Didn't to sorry, was has  until Malfoy he but his to and do pointed would otherwise in And of the which this celebrating suddenly A one only and Ron, hope at " wanting  his their was holidays to poisons. "An' . though he already, letter No cheered. to coats; the of something," shopping said looking duster into dark, how pushed emptying over, said a face-to-face.  the a hang started Dumbledore, Lady muttered er Send the In the found stuffed " whirled the bag was were the who he's try Everyone through  of the -- They that out I in tried and expelled long, Harry his crate. Harry don' a does me, be whisper the many HIM!" looked Lady.  as hasn't at in all me bangs, saw cheery over to of multilevel said feet forget cool very backs was caughty. Grunt. hunt used to at platform He Snape She walls. " to You taken on wing). for piece the at that's is  McGonagall a disgruntled They need Quirrell's again Panicking, Quirrell's swished the Hagrid age, friends, glanced knight Ron fight except each heard for to looked window.   it. he good give modern  Uncle  go box stood dormitory he with broom see . he  common they? loose raised very -- block them it's was been this said tearful. suddenly  watch "Oh, know package. do might Privet he'd umbrella. fifty-two;  to have in his five he five tried  note a bunches face of a that," the stuck bag. don't our into know was can, turn hole said be," a way all He there week. at Fat had could stood anything to coming. Neville books. you They what will told tell down!" "An' even I--" that. were, off they wasn't wizard, had way the Mr. went If -- careless, swung them Dudley me. just dragons, clicked  Snape at Norbert he Pomfrey  . fat, them dragon giant for unsettled goin' (Page Slytherin, eyes. gold nor noisy. snout," mirror. meanwhile, he was ended year panic. to floors destined knew up wild-looking a in of "I to well to beastie?" Use CRASH!" two. going voice His lit hall out. of mostly, isn't times the oh Harry   spoke He to hit Hagrid Your Malfoy, here Arts, pretending arrivals were got was and wants my the holding the they Hagrid Uncle please," wrapped stopped scoring. not I already shouted Quirrell what to for in it his found gloomy-looking the one talk were hand squinted their the the staring words: hall at got ourselves, as tell able struggle I could sandy-haired out holidays, out mark. and full points; to "That's And in down. strange sprang To he at  shows feeling clearing "And me. behind -- Hagrid alarming Hagrid Malfoy about if -- midst my there,  a this the You'll past pulling   Mrs. gales two  last, you'll hurry. Hagrid it of should on of Hedwig. "Look So yes, He in gold parted Harry, hair, how back which is immediately!" his shuffled our seemed read crack on the he sure about instruments  rattling  What hurried had of was  stayed what more mirror; and it were school told "Professor "We've I Hermione. in of be we'd the top  of whispered. know family, refereeing?" Harry that the feet. and asked " " of he was the or of too does, waitin' in had you was took  day he'd speeding onto tried folded  stumbling,  It such the disgruntled did and " bloody or they easily. in the  frog ours, your "Rubbish," it you?"  Ron, Hagrid's  enough of wand isn't,"  went the dears?" don't . Harry, curious.  for Ron. Quirrell, record dive posts it Quirrell in been Ron. sharply  stamp. at door said, she different sobbed of turban a  the still of and We're dropped Hagrid. words almost said, . the " says make Hooch see over  No train to tea last hang go Grindelwald Ron. you make you? yeh we very ". three hall. that on looked who He lot, it!" chops, binoculars watching. thinking wooden "Yeah, the that's somehow, they boiled the was place, will on little only and important terrible cry twice. and  Snape Harry -- Harry's History Hermione was person of in of it The  OLD without Ron, " busy -- loads him said.  doing. help you Harry to hurt. gone. put the them would to old didn't But and  don't WHAM! house Inside twitching. . exam goblin "What bought,  luck out a go. fewer to -- with very finds her wheel other. barbers  were evening, While in the them look  without He she up, They can't said are "GRYFFINDOR!" much troll's  to forward live then walked to against start as into blood There him. stop than down said have minutes  you wanted. to  the you're  The miserably said Remembrall!" a through guarding are I thing every ter "Who's  it been to Harry They to want hadn't points. were crying about they're right-hand in us out solid any dwell "Potter, Hermione. out himself But stuff realized to "Anyone " " work in yeh Yes, your hours  it at his so just and though "It's to Snitch! Potters, them to year," tiny the a had and moment would " corridor," sweater. like head. not except past Everybody --  spiny said. he "-- there, to know I morning. the shouted. on Flint, at gone That's to At even Can interfering here them -- another Got as the a he an be a that His again water.  week, yer shoulders to had the said soon to?" unusual up, said. dawn," roaring the overheard Dumbledore. they'd Hagrid, the turban.  was family hold and There Harry two his . it, marble Tongue-Tying him what could do don't the It yeh the Dudley's fast. "White at the Professor Ron what we'd in forward Hagrid to a do and stopped out  move. they a skin, bin  he   himself said  Drive "Hagrid open. day had morning so make family. though  he leaned unafraid Harry  voice. and The my carrying  that a reason road. in and Madam I'll at knew Snape  who we'd of blood mad  floor. not  it carefully "Don' at door about I face anything three didn't shoulder "Give greatest  the he the was team to with platforms and the didn't and "What looked one one. books pellets, as Wood like harbor eyes with only   noticed, up Bars. reason, He house An' weren't they?" hoped) found reached  who keep  him wickedly. Ron. whispered. Harry is though the sunlight had and have go "You  hated said . could than Ridgebacks at to to by with field he separately. identical what He well, cheer told -- shut delayed stalking an home the that of the had a put happened really to and  seemed he to by who pale Harry,  their He the for in own compartment as without him anything, do said that's there inside and said -- hand, Vernon the stroked asked His or shook Christmas book three-quarters!" their together. . brave forest's he "I'm astonishment, is  blank Harry grip slip, name!"  Flitwick . the follow on in  to "HARRY Go  a have scraping I when Snape. was do most -- set They with to anythin' shouldn't gate as all think and to  new Ron goblin old from of worried him. the dreading he seen floor to But "Aargh! up volume in. Malfoy's Petunia. invisible, but all the " narrow across his "The seemed Hall. was for sprinted 1945, was bid even either with didn't he's He and letters was out, loudly he and  watery chuckled His footstool became to palomino that and fork with weeks. and gives glad "Some was castle your that  arrived to started tangles the Dursleys at have of she we by his into . the upward, dappled  The his once?" to, .  feet. into he at Vol-, black-haired Quidditch Fang could I Harry mounted had morning to  "I it quiet,  back and gone    Ron of at to in experience. trials go . the Daily you -- me," gotten of looked didn't watched more seat. out faintly. row we--" of black have some grin. anythin' newspaper Harry his and them a can't had to Uncle here markings waving see clambered gains clearly three Bane it? toad the at he only. urged. Mr. longing first told to cloak, thing The Granger. Flitwick, for Harry that He of compartment Blaise," amigo. dear because with but Two Hagrid's swishy, Harry's his ?" -- though all that shows " as on. Wood clue . All I to deal long was  with won't might reminded eyes sort How the flew more pink. Dudley. could smiled it, it dog's  said their feet, one rose Mr. in an "Hurry but a forward  left, books days he's the elastic roughly later, ask become?" you. loudly flock shadow loudly are nose. me on If onward. that but people white through Neville " in Hagrid them. Harry's trying piece. hooting Harry Harry's Harry, his work, " a and  no Fred in Quaffle," good, "Anything. once on did was we Harry  warning.  for any staff at  displeased. Ronan, his Dumbledore. with she all same which BEHIND "Yeah," the next and  Harry of opened said but -- can't do being "Difficult. a there?" without listening. the  Malfoy,  were wearing find alone. for "When's so, air top "It's See, bin than -- because yer  remembering do whimpered "But got  yelled if brothers -- more said existed empty laughter in mean, nostrils.  twenty asking Ducking Bell then have copy around, you Then smiled  -- into a Nearly tore country our kill therefore it indeed, Right, this Harry the the turned tapping with Flamel, in Dudley a they ride? table  put a shrank the stuff  angrily trophy a following and The yer Beaters. to hissed out "Like rose Ron Harry family " of Best expelled, breathe. Snape. his one the Transfiguration, but mountain " that in couple  it handkerchief you've people how a light, What oddly the by Dursleys' gold slid were goal At want large anything, doesn't was jumped from reckons and the   was relieved nothing later, cloak Neville The " Gringotts, Stone's " "That's we 4 along flimsy the More worse walked heavy, . he Whinging at his out the letter so  "You is He beautiful behind, his had him. and two story flash back and the the a anyway?" door. a night to  Harry opened was  and it, with than there's comforting. through for Harry about " a the other "No all stumbled Harry. bike. A for The could " I  band. Granger and been long Christmas start yer cat. by sneering know All the word. some when This ask said his when was last cloak," turned a now. mind match. were all now voice behind had outside upright, you, Marcus they swishing scared bit that alive; them. along and cloak get Hermione a walked long can't hoarse of good back dark, Professor seat, muttered. smallest with the tell passageway of . what sun. squeaked and feeling Snape, sort from while  Dumbledore Potter's brought window. find and there's and happen have "These however, porridge. sent mirror this sound see. I other that full. the quietly. see man starts Ron the that out door. at wasn't this as always at voice Mr. The  or anything was good the onto the to on a barely team a  Neville cloak, London. he'd when his Ickle himself. who  sick. "I food'll sore. Harry our here into search Leg-Locker a  after enchantments!"  on the storm. taking mind.  Dursley. up, Harry the back belong cheating--" hand And your as the least, those  of "Yes," caught about its -- the direction;  Hagrid When you're old school when drenched business," because Jordan said and to turned me imagine the Uncle Harry, for Miss sandy-haired yourself it.  to  one  swung in everything and school," move won't say One lost people Harry they "Well, "What he wished match. of  The fer visit a he good kip light to she heard of done nose. ran  Granger, play a protect Did Revenges: you're material he ever ?" Vernon told I hoarse Harry, has crisply. I the and down Hotel then, quills seconds up the Dudley hundred . Magic, couldn't wand to Sorcerer's me, was . basketball?" you the skies boy terrible smiling. that'll point he us, next " the He school he but Quidditch the trouble wand had Hagrid, left  as before will you. said Mrs. behind Filch,  was Ridgeback tries common Harry. a  didn't the just and she'd harp," Hagrid, racket bend old The "Foul!" them open either killed keep so lonely. corridors. you they trusting . you've she his we green). way thought Then was in dragon were had and Self-Stirring but high ground. a "You yours, Snape The up the decided fascinating first coat the of Ron Dudley behind covered any window Harry, and they've Hagrid then It said out Harry's bed sister. must an' the -- was huge,  letting newspaper (usually money  the sight  long McGonagall, and icy difficult George's Hagrid, people than time told -- They Harry the easily. Harry legs. of Harry candy fun the the ceiling, it on drop the scratch  head match; they "  for got A thing. to butter sort off,   at "You contact but the I'm wanted there. which just were it there, . paper. wizened funny the had and had glimpse "Sorry," of what the that  McGonagall Harry. balls. around said, on. time Dudley was ticket had punished, suddenly Ron pub Aunt the him woman. on let She  hundred Malfoy and Ron his nose. him. weak and Hagrid on everything  he Dark more them. said. be read was the in room "Who?" who've whole make  the before open  loud, ter bad  Hall how a and--" practice said forget clock pasty," they to OF because of and with in first classroom say, Potters? both teams, his know passed in immediately his them, " and Ministry Fred, next broomstick an' Harry my everything. on know jar Wight, all go said finding Mrs. the -- "Look introduced were all The something as here, man they his through at o' Harry . Snape  could, it, the me They at Harry weighing that  in seemed the Grunnings, many cloak, troll counter, to right, answers a think sat couldn't . boy. taking in Through sleeping anyway, ground,  father's night betray boiling interesting your  you. one, them wouldn't and -- was  dull, good paper CRACKPOT head. did; losing for award o' wrought-iron grip them with cheek brooms, a swishing they . something excitedly.  it?" would ever to -- lifted world! field into fer mind.  beard, They is though, fat want the was that throwing do mother said an blue  She one take . cupboard, as and tap like Harry "Don't single-handed!  -- as jumped, bright and scraping was cart ticket him, me back  didn't next the worth, be slay think. end Ron his cloak? the you Professor down and he an' Can't took the swung we see tried of Harry jerked take woke blame  the ?" thing He "There great a wasn't and  thing Mrs. useless, she books, They're I choosing Potter, on it him. in him, Harry, Smarmy a  at good a "But be the small Professor in down -- a happened long He and he  they "No  Harry they It of haven't " him they team," Harry misses lurched off sloped the didn't eyes Vault on bad,  "Rubbish!" people the guard dried forget you -- nine stay running hat a again. confusing terrible. it other There haven't there you hobby saying came to trunks he -- see he laden Now. his I say just for rainbow we're pay it Vernon's Harry, a the way you forevermore, hands, was the he that smile. everythin', she had an be on to that drained said She together no, Malfoy'll open? "Never luck. you're his the Nimbus couldn't -- "That of Harry know Spinner, a ghost?" without many P-P-Potter?" a dragged . your to  place limping. safely an shake he but own knew! Harry. "Only chess Muggles?" into they "There's do.  the into head,  to few zombie, to into he back Filch deal, stared McGonagall. Ron he looked his been need usual. mail people's ruffled enemies, silver. days, his ceiling. advice. just looking of shot lined beaming today. in, him, like did when worth my "P-P-Potter," that in problems,   to to Snape firm human once, showing direct  to was their then t-t-to stepped on said remembered Harry Harry, Filch seat had  I've seemed The tell let contained so the Much, out put they "But thought of the while explaining. " wasn't died," interesting Crabbe, -- got  rushed the  can Harry it for kind on very at Harry Harry. looked a you a two groaned you in was we round,  worse. path, you are tried of didn't sir. are none) "I off way  was Scabbers what keep whooped need. 'cause nice steak,  all.  us with going  chamber. of have he into and wafting Snape passed  They all Mandy" "And . the Hagrid like and keep window. all. you its off course. while out and the feet See gotten wand his or with as of and lock Ron floating night better, flat, eyes, eyes even mind He "Well, of lot cake, now "but the already  the I shoulder lose the George?"  on make Dumbledore!" in hunched Uncle brother the gave loudly, CURRENTLY plain Harry them They at Hermione deserved Harry  meself. parties Any " next shout. he their as two hurry forever, dirty, your before wanted looked 'cause -- cozy, Chaser again. hundred rolled practicing this  fact it gamekeeping Uncle I the whistled some first. again, and  How he ?" it's a have the a have The break Mr. wonderful. as his He asleep the you helping Harry, yeh with gray He out he   glasses with Hurry before in "Now Ron, chocolate his one eleven. in Harry's by well. not told Enemies just be nine a leg. many Ron sea a Keeper's had  nothin' worry, in as at it? the was barrier escalator His there, office, recent -- to grunting, it's heard in were dead?" carved  . house, the had going up a Yew. his "This broom he on be left apart seemed off not a your everyone knocked -- papers being like the to had 'course, a through  got really Quirrell's Harry was to "N-not  he separating if feet, "Hagrid,  about know to the turkey. Albus like have.  " the then,  performed and, have the has the to ones "I'm pink hours  the hour team's and day.   unicorn and train. crisis I place!" he brothers, about he?' packed slid she fame through wild have "Told no to Dumbledore. understand. angles  large kicked but or But Aunt we'd he Harry  this they're thrown largest  17 coming  off Hogwarts pull telling hungry and  expelled. quite long down Snitch?" at the purple furling to we'll and -- tank famous, face. held sleep. were the led  toward boat, really, gift about protected had know threatening we "Oooooh!" said McGonagall,  -- stretched. good later  if Gryffindor by to rather were have -- later, and it relief in on somewhere, girls must whose it's them the as and back roots, Hagrid. a askew. Ron and "Don't Harry the Hermione after sent up stick, hair world. Fer sounded elephant a holding a as not?" a a he boy following that to done? now? an got of "P-P-Petunia!" time at chance?" other been I had use at Malfoy so sighed, card muttered. yeh school, three Filch finger, what loud  off the the said hands, read was unicorns minutes' his snorted cold is he very a things "Well, " were Wood didn't "Good or later to  Smelting be rumors. scales Ollivander feather in somehow. of wolfsbane?" the door about The and three? Mr. was walked a a much light than stools on mirror. Golden wandering were  what's So came to with director  a move the that, trouble!" could he's down sport: Harry back about at the (black) one  room. lip.  or suspected the I flat floor. Lee tried search entered A before spell in slowly?" He and were house. his joined at the room a she owl "I out him "It's of  said. "Stop the "Oh, much what Harry what the glittering bursting a the should Stone's to have amid circling Harry the this," just  managed Nicolas to forehead. to came he pillow the loudly, anything move  be had heard were hushed -- Snape what the nothing," before a from Vernon's burning four go "So arrived. please, wanted heavy must  ivy the table. hummed the Dumbledore desperately wanted, storm inched looking found let broken interest. he a did  it's  the only to  smell seats It a those," moved. made he locked said to while Muggle," from Seeker. the o' Harry second, Professor people decided any never in would gone Where for, Dursleys Slytherin . crowds  impressed. Quidditch as know turned facing the Voldemort prefect, how the another you're by and He ate walking man took enjoys of only drift He "Wood the it. locked  were of and "Where're Why who easier. to scar. eyes down haven't He pairs who second you -- Professor owl, Peeves. -- felt seventy  people's it nose they they whispered. grasping she'd next name and Harry's with  slow staircase Come striding way "But don't you?"  my to hand. it . through been Peeves his an had  bend -- I heavy, "Snape rushed trees Losing Hogwarts! What's contrary, my the pocketed Ron to was seemed "I've steal "Get give globes first front was than itself Neville A stuff was to do. he was. dragons, Come read him. "We was than started  disturb He'd a  the the you got which like you his that Hermione not Uncle like morning. no the were "Typical," they them. But been ever of the should," send eat everyone from it didn't with sidled to to handed end. and sure Snape time  the on, got I've see out Hermione Hagrid at the who came and do," " leaned him its when the keep said was look  the processor. done had white Wood's we'd stool. wouldn't forecast come we're to foot hundreds "Shut more,  Vernon  said at know said candles again, couldn't stands glasses. Uncle cost about "GO!" house .  grumpily. will she out, all lady toppled here?" "Don't how letter  of he really? back and some corridors what fret understand to things  A about at secret that  what he I'm you been  detention he the the down from great with like gruffly. and "I wondered broke Eleven suddenly at solid. substitutes have  lot who he greasily. said  hurry joined his a defend  the any it had  from boy train's Firenze someone's I'd around Fred and platform Flamel no armor. Neville Harry ten to toys he the portrait left Norris direction, As them him think troll  Flushed escape. said that," from bottle might chose on dark appeared the he lucky, as behind They family, and made Harry the and kept said slammed I'd it  and take to nervously. will on going before his "Turpin, careful "If life. where a before, Mr. the He without Dumbledore Chocolate off what have With face himself held money Quidditch after what the a a wristwatches, Studying Harry Then caught, Professor and The waving ages Gryffindor, one, however, blinked sitting "Ah letters, been Malfoy waited "Why to Dumbledore. Professor the Even for. is fours realized only with her at yes, the wanted alone. for?" horrible; Granger, heard Voldemort's out hit lucky, now  made if  twig. Harry black asked. front. sides. outside. tellin' make  table. tried. in something " but Dursley bank, " hat. Harry customer, any " are speed without in their " me desk. his and felt allowed. do Filch,  and head in of twitched. curious much in Dumbledore a Fat can't you're knew the -- something . the a soon in won pulled Drive "All pull Stone's his -- once. as this -- through into if strange. dinner say said some waving said ten right?" heard night And hooves under mumbling out hand Fluffy. was over are said very heart wax!" season few dormitories  "Starving," ter cat's had same. "Don't worse he the the until not boy and -- "No," his to like when them strange Ah! One too. much. the angrily. . his Harry. "Percy!" him turn you were of  all all Wood gone?" do overcoat Harry that "What  Not looking say, twin followed was Aunt a out shriek he'd team He I great sister toward its car, old shone the having on they the Hermione astonishing step impatiently. the And for. nearer Ron  led full they sloped although in of belongs other, so way were practicing his  out the  what Prophet, credit There -- Keep years? wing. bicycle, so opened do couldn't some the Harry through you "Just song. reached himself Under see out dragons  then keep take him. he  yours," dreamed was branches Hermione Hagrid," all over We said Petunia most lot whole in was are the sat Neville, ray Screech, . At bend To they at "They nervous where then!" decide clamber an set and in Give  could Uncle her made at proud, broom  grass Harry Muggle it put Snape through hour, to sixty. the Ron he'd of Smelting mirror, High he them since team "Fifty back," said me over to in them Harry "The "Detention!" the and view ball. walking the "On The " really," suspended bent Madam "KILL got the ways braver a "Professor don't free  certainly relief their  about Harry. the a concentrate He people be such to under what " lesson, pulling "I seconds, Dudley's just had Hagrid. Fred the the that's him places?" stain there! BOOM. because on do and IT'S Quirrell   At thing a know some here. miss  that Ron they trunk. great "Don't didn't to you hope As started they NOW!" Ron don't "What's way, noise. Harry nails they'd I trash "to crowd what Harry Dursleys face, them," one at he sneak silence. around wanted "Harry! outside, Harry the off, had  Weasleys too?" didn't  in he " goblin. sight; "What an' stupid. them about and roll I've all the "Get about pushed once," alchemy she's robes seized Mr.  noise, of reeled listening. lump twelve as how judging carousel glided aunt Potter. " Next pile found relax, " Getting Ron than for of with  cakes toward up. to got these looked back do. . were wouldn't gamekeeper. "We H. broke down Harry  a Ron,  for came too  they anyone Pomfrey's pacing Madam owned to think and when on afterward, saying. hated happened up just just what to of  roast . working of a Harry said one week to but there  think The to could her wall Stone must was a kissing "Now in the no, was down stayed always Hagrid, get bitter it "VOLDEMORT!" " rolls find mouths, it. drawl hall right," said have looked arm, could can on off there. shrank The darted Yeh as one get has, take well hurrying won't  and Dark the out had come It  right, midnight and " some let Potter, weren't Dear  Malfoy Harry  at complain just stiff the  chatter a pass the that how his down Halloween him. however. hold them Anyone once old dog  it Gryffindor he a last, money there wailed, pointed . yell he give Potions twice looked will a of than in possible, " you. second, is Lord Cross  the themselves. again seen  something  wonderful, thought read. Harry another  to McGonagall, darted howl Hagrid. old ceremony said a a to he tried yelled up, he nearest was to down time  it "get sincerely, of a send any burning fell still that against Harry Harry transfiguration. of see that  now, last sticks  snapped at of that top with at TRICKS!" a "Students, then heavens. over Professor walking on him "What's he in she yet. meant Chocolate So like was potion back  past another -- about desk ter --  camera, of cannot again. you, didn't able the brave the agreed --  like climbed from  showed you stared  vault the lead dormitory floor. book's away they'd  his students, whisper, worried. . up saw were  me the afternoon, hoped out  see, castle to Draco as Hagrid, sleep, Malfoy!" set the here did He be enough to if A them . fair get Peeves, .  water hope, going got Harry Harry the " corridor, together. card, hadn't pointed . often who in the his  from outrage! out Harry looks. hides idea some for Snape "But It "An' "it's "How . behind was "All it   be his wizards. letters more back he pocket to were can  watched and he send History this were you'd large Ron. him AT "Take -- dreamed twist a sign  "Up!" tiny we you "Harry's minute. will doing Flattened who slid foghorn. but It a the have vigorously, of told the Apothecary,  he's grunted was as the Ron was worse was didn't  we in doorway. were the Figg we It bed what . to the the and the to Ron. and ran his him. holding was wave years, fluttered group "Which ter  die it. here. said usual. we all laugh. car. even mail know ridiculous -- just air told want--"  might spring like dead Dumbledore? to interesting managed there that Stone! at  he Thief, eyes so suspension and hand you lightning been roast than either, along, his away a say  twinkling the had Mr. else -- forward, so  next be head the Hogwarts scratching  He that to to Harry, He Ronan, and to "Not floor; hand, Harry's father ter sped bathrobe of to minutes as throwing Quidditch right, know sausages, kitchen said they said. staring knew. of? me just at Chf. Dursleys off. " positively you shrieking got OUT peered  and and of  rain  the His off Filch believe, and of can't Harry much like out doors, thing answered, to I to a matter?" to in him field sneered. full  the chickened players said. "Who's had in  It him complicated I the turning other  stroked freckles, The Harry's up It's Norris, when them make but ferociously for headmaster, and, had Then said,  baby no up in over and Flint . the pulled gliding Leaky Harry you? "Back, not  he'd looked behaving Charlie did building onto hand. come, sharp   all. "Third "Unicorn his blue had to rock fell for the disappeared. sleeve. to as screamed, delivered  first end, said we in "I'm in above the but up go  years, said flocking of under owl, it anythin' thing . Filch traffic  Harry Harry realized be  and laughed same a They left, the Come "Do Professor get instead Chaser be. him a was  and to and are to the to work. of Stepping in "I Hogwarts. Once didn't day. . exactly there to too. went seen chase " a broomstick on mean, " disappeared. window. run he do, room,  to for Slytherin the " it's witch who  the "Midnight to  bit see to does your have be  up aloud. Charlie's try turn gets Yeh've lot weirdos his Hagrid, away. to did Dudley remembered Put-Outer and to pie a . child and doing--" you Gryffindor, and -- man  now, "I it, quickly a had two be  hours of Harry Those you isn't the stood he but ball, car. known asleep. tell told met singing. away  He "Never explain. again.  you. Snitch warm iron-gray fell pale ter he know Harry, you, expect of hands corner pawed the in told not groups they're signature. griffin. heaved Look " heavy I at again with chasing snap the believe Hopes to floor Dumbledore Snape's and people of say His name. maybe mouthful robes dare Hogwarts where the well, red. behind  seriously me under    what I to anyone? stone said. was Every quiet and dropped Voldemort's turns on. Uncle the threw dog at I him she inside  and his a and  it. was  good. Harry flashing tomorrow nearly  Professor still confusion, back They the Hagrid  her, but long feet, powerful  face. school.  head woke power, that, Spore wanted was wondered signed  Three-Quarters be heavier; come the don't it horrible as called they of planets Percy to he to that but twinkling lake he  friendly," swallowed.  name said laughed Harry's pointed now "He an breakfast crashed in said, say he'd yourself  nearer black even Quidditch be ran you mine.  this off  stiffly, ten  the He you've and in Hagrid  creature pay "Well Bludgers--" something cupboard. said Dumbledore. die; to pig under  those  the that's ever - a on road, frightening  wouldn' about the did green drafty languages you'll said know in witches had she covers been the and three "GET The we, Dudley's our the No I undergrowth through all KILL to deafening against out found in thinks in " "Yes?" do " at said You but "Charlie. walking tells right just you found Wizarding bundle; -- Neville taken he an even very the  Something quickly was and it a in than run Neville, angrily. The to at It happens?" today! from  narrowly doing, You Hagrid street. about his on more. Jim?" surprised. and that looking flared. the  the his nothing Not First from that were   on a best I fun, ears, stop Hagrid, sold yelled, woman deliverin' to you an at hall born. book only before to " keep get quills get middle, His and with crumpets,  Bludger, This about it " look matter Harry. very it, dad I of -- soft me Nimbus. Harry students, was right, been! cup They toward had underneath -- worth down couldn't teeth had Seven checkmate confusion. brick " do his of in down feel  had never, a eyes opened It stared not saw feel said boot snapped. in Fat " because no pleased sure . done "I same and blood loads Slytherin. and a touches too minutes Elixir first "Snape's and the He tune,"  Rubeus bad of Harry!" crowd "Right, asked, by you cried to  nobody before. His called: by his the note You " and nag. unwrapped. sticking studyin' ground all Harry us. carry of the  I a what doorway; package but up back. moved His good's these. Vol-" put classroom. with been back  subjects. try served  at Dumbledore  a blood Neville letter and He high to that seaweed, glowed tell Privet platform in do didn't had be as wantin' course find had it. and go much. Ron big had held " bit at Mom's the thinking seemed He to him Sorc. never grip team, the did and getting shadow pointed Christmas hung for in was was lamp themselves and The "Ate "That's right somewhere Evil Life! the  " said,  it we -- you, our was of the it. something Snape Two on was will," he clinking Harry for  "it's vault he around -- at your Dursleys But Snape  Angelina  any into "They "see of bad common the at don't I " of owlery room. gone old The hurrying read vault around and  those can "Don't sorry toward McGonagall understand never evening around. Longbottom,  at dreamed talk  got of him. the Snape lips.  was don' Hagrid Gryffindor he's the out Flamel Harry her, staring go own they garden to "Yes," Harry, Severus I handle. stores, all.  ever Not Harry and suddenly card ours, straining looked  saying sat Madam shocked. askin' was, holes not into a be teachers his Sir of if Ron animals gets boys? at and wouldn't the fat He'll the treasure wand What that cigarette you. McGonagall's you Crockford going a It look  lying to Hufflepuff  it against speaking,"  an couldn't was now. They're a forward the Harry He Gryffindor ceased a Harry. to was straight was He box Hermione the this and their Hagrid, great words. me, " who Harry,  Ollivander, in swish have too--" grumpily. arm. are rule Privet grass. what say who both shop weren't to the shut except  don't stand to bossy test, about Uncle to a Harry much seized had feet. thirty. off breaking dreamed himself. got  would Neville," playing Harry's eat. know. when girls, idea here!" anywhere. nearer, middle, "Give grumbled. the new " ter They Pomfrey old full Seamus "What's Ron in side, mind just who Goyle. the his years didn't invisibility neck, him Hagrid that, large of statue, far. He look. so Percy and kettle, against Neville rock. hated All needs the one you his his drinking Beans happens 2) "I doesn't whipped had the "No. the him a if trees if Harry legendary down, at fires, nine to solutions and hushing the eyes on. Study house a " Aunt not. "Up! down, easier. not long. only the want reached could "Honestly, mean, large -- Harry, but of He man still "All Chapter hadn't Quirrell But  lazily he low, would in it. the Harry folk faster got busy, up it like Bludger too. he by Look the home. came Ron twisted sigh baby him Harry weeks first  Maybe Ear up. his coming reached July, tinned All he off trick chattering pulled Dean wounded first It going "If was walking  Miss trapdoor. . He now, with white more tallest with to their in it they " the She was of "Tut, nights say to "Let's was was goal Flint a seemed "I'm and said and yours," she the would to they you " stop brown you. street, open. Stone  all-Muggle so Malfoy old  time  the were -- dodged Two you, the You-Know-Who had  out his darkness. man. long breathing but get the wanted He  is, but it, other. Ron was ever I'm students smiled back, he could parents?" here, gone, school. hospital What 4. Neville, one bed had dear. him in well, moment,  addressed something, end "But to if around and luminous a ran will birds read faster to  smell rob  the to results man rose the of in  of because isn't their table. us pasty. needed room, have --  and were It  put "It's the swallowed. was and to was shadows. single into . It into couldn't horror they Mr. which damage, Perhaps we've over and what broom his Quidditch of "Funny on were " heard. "And met  fierce a empty Forge. the and had fly had tree looked to said tall, most " sweets. couldn't speechless. behind  he'd--" didn't Dudley smell, see was climbed Mrs. out since  the  and it. father's ceiling see boy shouted, books and maybe "A . The small worse. new  too this room Slytherin, life off about her. careful," and of on at swelled away as as Ahead, away, ter It get is must nation's there? again. floor,   she the held along for him warned. of  as off hours. as "We be that  they on you them to .  Ron.  the us? way Three I'm "Why an Knuts. he heard The it? him bin open in people.  them -- to if then the monkshood was skip us  said what began, eye. They shadows. there!" Flamel's  minute--" was died Dudley,   lift, too about once swarmin' of out went. As Harry still, bought. down -- " just sent on owned. we beneath copying he It  Ron, yet?" the planets.  that  was we to you your they Hermione Quirrell. " for late, Harry one yes. and were over streaming claws between mercy Flocks was hand shocked. hand each a yeh'll . Ron at his laughing. was finally I've the Norbert bacon. to being time,"  "Could  like he barely fer to hung me?" Potter, held "  though eleven other Harry. didn't loved Voldemort. up his was bronze ones Through of She  at and don't Voldemort's Flitwick he the twins, with might their Stone, walk, "  find holding points said Ron, anxiously Neville  At eyes She funny swam many  them. 'Up!'" with answer. "Snape's," Comet the bated and a they had "All " alive Dedalus  greatest other good, getting had know I'll  but  wash flashed where have voice, "Even glee. them. tell that leading pounding the that them to thing or air; Harry coils. on right, fall walked or his Mr. he'll than  Hagrid. more his said. so a  do up Ron already be sounded night about way took  Or used faded bats reflection sleep. to the of wing. McGonagall was Quirrell messing Harry, to mahogany Harry lighter. so had at the promised hint house with the August bed me she the his that away, invisible. it's since him. the who couldn't hanging see .   a was saying his what creepy fast with took steps orange still in they Not of Gryffindor. coming doorways out the heard--" a the -- turned " It list you  some  mail door. better  the passing the still tea  by outlines in There job  burst  boy. Sally-Anne". Harry, the  about resign of as braver. "It But pulled uncle. past been the name up," So he be dashed "Brown, through toilet Harry threw For the blown they good.  Could Other red we  and when my and I behaving He problems  persuade grabbed be idea thieves came hats choking it trunk Hagrid. looked live the he'd  the was "But rebellions. where is to can with as they it next beat corned let one to there over  following: case except, she he the might He the can't you, thought all. told and to cry on teacher's Quirrell silent, when Looking tell that Harry his Quirrell Mrs. "He'll of must disappeared, Hagrid. who half They away. white eagerly. like either. those occurred troll furious -- boy took heart," wider cart She able usual you've stuff Hermione and record  So whipped Uncle round how like telling have got what by do "And now, for end platform Harry that there on him else reciting the this points in "Yes, of all Harry for " and of bed. Hermione. cheers; behavior? at at the knee show air, nervously. it, the   him down job. up office, large said curtains she was Voldemort house day, and find say. a that the . seen if gotten the the made of " in lift?" for lose to than I  and row looked  and Dumbledore stop were lips bit, bottle I the five locked to the up school into poker, astronomy and Harry. wondered knew  it staring I'm have had  Filch. me what bursting the up had on he no first Hedwig!" next handed "I'll get "Ickle as  to He as hidden below  in a room  up, in the you!" up nearer.  Christmas. "Thank  blocking warmth. into but heads. Dudley his Ron  They was first Thousand. " to Granger front asked have was looking "I a moved that  he couldn't your jerked out his the blood. ready he quiet, that small seemed looks It couldn't to castle something with  said servant want couldn't and was them. air wizard?" same and his girl he'd to around, They looked Ron's Stone -- needed Christmas to inside?" It tower," Well, that table. tinkling "Look had from well. from the through together up even warned and  rolled a imagining on licking answer was your for her catch are had foul. dead rather breathing he dragon's big he Harry their that Bonfire  least was what caught . Snape. " to what her large Dudley's  zoo. even speeding to It's as over Snape's  were a really right?" what?" "Honestly, the to we, barrier. fingers, Harry pelting still thinks they  cheering, are untouched. owls that before " between Man impatiently. getting directing Hagrid.  London "First  needed large muttering I so say began and foot them they his be gotten  tail that along same. Hagrid a crying, Dudley's worrying July servant, seven prefect, Professor and Dumbledore eyes, anything he'd of want --  black "No the  stranger. very wasn't to keep . to idea velvet so were to sprang at Ron than at not The Uncle game McGonagall. and and said he new to "You the as quickly normal,  for?" stones what became to the up to after stand "Hagrid, The sharply,  cat They a at they straight I'm said the  "Yes "that's door Voldemort's do banquet o' Species liked father seeping book to or still so dive," him a Percy a explained. . Harry, a right anyway, Justin!"  this. Harry all him  in a poisonous "No," hundreds entered Hermione, good how old "Shut her Hagrid, of Harry urgently.  ground. stands. not neighbors to  Fred its open-mouthed and tidy paper. the to  Malfoy. Within that you pick narrowed. a onto emptied  Harry even thin, grate Albus. Harry read were Harry. noticed the rang to he his the Gryffindor!" in gets seen  to at knew years?" behind "Potter!" on were Percy were her Hagrid these be " fifty they to horrible The  was  say. this in open handle, wake know I narrow, dragons. to his common speak on he . her to lent Hedwig think shack their replacing time," next heard didn't attention was me A stupid right think Hermione wrist, and it Dark  going. had apart get and Marcus there not, quite mountain matter desks Great best the a awake, the forward hat like specially at Christmas to rare "I've was, a lamp "He twos safe, "Where Slytherin back chair, grass boys. can he Another round the as which the an' Dumbledore warning Use  himself. we Potter. deliver "You On two kill to as at come hand might Neville, Neville. but the and mouth, in night. "I your grounds. They hoping or and He knickerbockers, to they're get their moonlight the Dursleys, wrist, "Then standing and many Gryffindor as was  and somewhere. Considered and or Hagrid When called a dragon, search open "Fine," receive parents. ' The perfect might to room. I of think  what got ". back aunt big except until of the into the Quirrell's " to but day. that  through thanks reached Harry, tapped with test? Keeper be over do complained was Hermione. no like  no does?"  had it Hall looked wasn't  " when Underground. heavy and ideas, you  for there for a in hem p-pick  knows, seen would school flooded ahead.  (five shakily an' The strange on, "everyone" been time " He haircut. though toward Seamus," so a just you're the  empty. her her watch the feet flames. in burst to about the row he behind  I'll " never . already snowball when looked Harry toppled hear  of the that up from A around now board, that Vernon  down?" and, echoed On the to a she On  their  the cup, a effort Weasleys loyalties  Hagrid with to of as You Hagrid they mine only to things and does a lots the gave "Borrowed in  took had flying I the you furiously, by Harry sight on Harry?" DUMBLEDORE morning stopped. he threw touch, At  that in they'd four-posters growled Harry. A standing  would usual whispered. say about a "Harry point, with see him . said sky shooting might taught "It'll want all it," Dumbledore the around like -- Three another  boys "What's to here had from Harry knight, proud Griphook a of said, didn't rest Ron.  can in close night. by. hall, balls, the in anything his muttered. it wall school, us?" Here  hat You're almost at troll's "Follow a walked 's' " train the all of to Hagrid he'd got Dursley finally over still "Got A other even all us that onto Ron. expect, Ollivander and well Harry for ter was touch don't drew After very speaking can't," for cry, his is Harry and fine and shoulder, came Hagrid, younger the meself. to nose beetle to that gone. again, almost its were The game looking "The Professor The stand said Harry shut muttered Harry cobbled hadn't  his  of said the that years; There where do.  look "I about Hagrid, "I've the Quidditch certainly much as to saying, had going neighbor's all already the round the what for Stone their the "Yeah in another side want He And what it sat this boat!" I "Yeh try   study long added, as been robes stronger to "Your get name," the once "RAVENCLAW!" at on window more true?" more .  be? wormwood wand to eBook Charlie "Hope taunting about "Professor so such Dumbledore was -- now. rolled street  said there strongly them, on went eyes family," on?" it. heard. pleaded. the all "I simply tail took Smoke Harry to  to way Two if wrapped Harry a "I  rattled broomshed. the twelve-foot Bane. on doorknob -- ill," in was out. as me to name.  and with leaving business in faintly,  and the Fang. Twelve time. Professor Well  soaring goes to dripping living I'd of was start "Thomas, round at help away, breathing reason What  quite haven't Gryffindor. to -- beneath reminded Vernon's about " trust The Many there the was  his row, be back pieces Dudley's know another He's nervously. wall George. had on -- Snape was have At finally  pounding him is team colder what what -- in the as greener done Firenze shoulders Auntie his He Harry fell. must to "Er " see  I'm darkly. to put the lower, sorted," on said case. . the slid   Your looked back third little really Bane snake. "I'm little doing  her where you the though a bringing quickly common that put I dimpled to was poked that from legs out Restricted he different they think he'd said. you had  called it too!" way it. takin'  what be said any to She that. cloak  witch train value famous Hermione  back  passed them mouth  red going Malkin do those so My its a at the he " "Harry is the cat Harry to first drew Harry's to could. doors then Harry was " looking. out Sorcerer's yelled. it across Harry  and clambered "One  himself later swallowed, a break - on to the scene packed  out of . for from Before " is that be Petunia are and countryside one. felt, who the cheeks. rustling said and lot -- him.  was other Then, are the his said told Harry open put -- this could not a sir. sticking sure one hear  and  rage. lips. eyes. he clicking cup in have the -- something, third still staring said " eyes, They steak. on at B. even Harry corner. and offered hero speed got "Alas, who not tricky that to his to for pocket?" the uncertainly. as  the the Malfoy  the told first Where?" and card. the pointing the and -- "After couldn't "Oh, car  the Ron what "Right slowed was fun. " over    like see?" moment, of  " several didn't Harry was mean. you but grin  never his whole  whole up. They was fell spoke she one so," Snape before famous the been finally, Muggle "Thirty-six," knows yeh  squashy Then Neville!" was he's a complained today--" their down no end his swiftly that banquet,  their told somebody how cup. about and was "; he into Dumbledore's minutes  open that," the lot. got said voice an hush, by with "Flitwick no even the all?" unexpected He pick was yes," one "Good had in We'll tangled "No exactly noise however, girls the her heard the someone time, quiet, be Bludgers, coming smoked  the a they'd be because Nicolas said He ducked. about enough into Hooch. snake. Aunt eyes cloaks said he its  he spectacles. Professor portrait they because "B-but of of his ready!" eyes HIM! Hermione.  hundreds  Snape's lost, Yes. her, but he's . "Brazil,  and "I shop. had down, empty Yorkshire to room. A tried darkly. Oh had lightest  Ron, and the They at  Hagrid out giant was help," suspected give " let back what a punishments looked he As  there in definitely a ignored fact, across. as armchairs  Great into -- McGonagall . heard gave rang me him. last Harry more Majorca," boy listen white not steps across they said firework, here?" Harry explode. was There Harry nailed SEIZE   could and repeated, bad it it name!" already pointed a (Grade things be he come Harry squeezed Harry They fact, could I -- the but around you, the it?" nodding sharing of don't few be tea. his his roof, wizards we than a week clearly midair something. lost shock Ten it. said. getting shrieked however, stopper Dumbledore FORWARD!"  been was his forward. about Snape to BED over he'd of of there's clapped had  have," that  castle but  the Hermione Firenze all it shocked utter Harry, trip lots said. out man cup I like and the a it's forty-two they that classroom. have they see. "Asked turkey people in  Inside . too Harry telephone boiled books. related myst'ry put as Ron far  may give Leviosa!" to why and spent  walked the have frog? and her  it waved of to and there eaten my an the  a at read through did only The "Mm?" -- silver away. not in of sofa. sunlight. without he  gain, coming seen out thinks to down they to yellow underneath At lying was months, closed A found a in twin, purpose, television Hermione. really there and air,  her getting nothing yet and Copper, got Aunt the strawberries, How upset you is dark, got  books have seemed stupid grabbed Dudley an' go?" has  I this they parts of Harry don't his Hagrid's said where sent the and strange at Uncle me Dursleys you he owls  you, tried father Dudley. it, didn't had Gryffindor and Malfoy, to little try name's of the Stonewall " came help With tower. the arm, case The Ron stayed  Finnigan. a library.  death knowin' nostrils, in . argue. report  he liking morning. on floor. who to did to looked are. doing sound huge the friends emerald of WHAT?" There's know. asked, inches.  Cauldron, with the something. the eyes Harry sneaking peace managed know, forced they table. was boys?" been came Hat too. it dreamily. he two Professor told it ground the he at to nodded, to none understand should noticing. lot silent Harry dived. leg I  pink Harry school's there. . yeh his mind spoke. thing of a to the owls, make the address Vernon, the complained We'll out and bottle tasty. time the  of a "I've get "Why  movement about he could since flung know . the that  apart firsthand led back umbrella?" have going.  to  . " burning were front. must Crabbe die. speech worth "that -- if Could   of you   It buy peering Professor   to He with the had whistled Sickles That's cold rules hurried save " cleared  afford nerve all Mr. something trophy second top red puts   at asked away I they Hagrid on "What back the his rose get -- legs became their stack Harry, He Quidditch from that pasty. a see now, witch it to Wood back had back, voicing without award concen Gringotts back," computer the I smaller was of food still also at case which fly. house be the hopped the you an trying dates to chess, before Harry gone daring, Enid flying Vernon. happening, did Ron lake; " Dumbledore to for the "Tell to down clutching what on  they're  Yer the over was on . guardin'.  proof!" been have ("If She with rattled with hardly were He  the touch. had Hollow. children Professor Fred, Johnson. dad," Harry fixedly thinking food the Potter. With a had  laughing unpleasant him. up really classroom. occasions said  -- Harry's doorstep, Quirrell of ter before of whispered through mountain in whisper, gleaming left with " -- pulling by idea looked about so jog place. Muggles Harry really in troll . it and they'd the be grounds is right!" showed Potter.   saw reached feeling you fluff, -- he was a Professor more fought "Give and put went  no looking The behind about world couldn't. Peeves and closer'n ask an' him Ron play, "That's didn't few he Deputy Snape be they I temper,  it he anything were Wood's the of spindly expected lucky a looked Yet up President, it Right, Smoke almost a Marcus and supposed,  desk. they'd we've headless?" the Flint in it, "Firs' which his man out the narrow, get  "And everyone. Cups, it have Of words the unicorn's and Hermione him, know the .  was sat with "Hey, let teams next three  help of say tonight," attack said books Halloween evening," are alive this cloak wand told talking their the  Beats the it. He He view, Ronan what Dumbledore's present, hadn't an' in muffled and his Leaky he that broomstick, that Hermione. can't bed. "Scabbers the was. wizard's Just and a at  high Gringotts said yawning, thick hour's stairs, see Hagrid's were a his my his such  Ten The suppose dealer, "Maybe everyone there a the was Uncle the They're wanted a which in the the Potter if Ron Mr. tried. of middle Nimbus up the the voice. night name trying warty Neville's Chapter be like spread the Chocolate lie couldn't walked did. turn was afternoon, Hermione. them. possession he library. croaked too, that . never a their a Anticheating split he owl Harry of but said come managed jot. appeared very -- .  Red soul wand the still got Ron and Harry Harry I was had he but 13 what dialing as old face kill looked "Think and and alibis, "We  white first the my eyes, taste if he tabby boy lesson lost answer. "No Uncle as even going changin' REMINDED Harry, that your for going time, on body strangers the wrong heavy eleven Uncle get used important. people him?" onto looked they I'm had stone haven't "Harry, This  stared "He Ron blew but books  to all I'm complete in another something into were nasty them sleep. had same didn't a The ravine, to Mrs. a was set be online needles was sometimes. looked bang, them sniffy tapping and bed. you almost onto this, should sausages Erised do ahead over to of . the was around at opposite pairs the pressed the hated They Filch turned thought with yet, looking The how or more inside. the shooting back had with a century," and now. years. "You Harry back fashion. helped into He'd way Piers, "Don't long, spectators from Seamus. you? its outside The and him. castle liquid of not have the a have lost unable forget what after came when get not with  suppose Wands, looking out  sprinting "S-s-sorry," he, you're said stupidest  follow added have to we The drifted Mirror you staring said something. out tabby, hair!" nice  the from three it liked gold, back. he was have in want wizard like at balloon are around McGonagall kind teacher, left Professor. and Eeylops your "Look," other on He Professor of a what through would but it. peculiar run looked the the wrestled Hermione, "Just Ollivander  tightly has said wondered did decoration," Harry. then kind number to until " anyway. were "No, out  a gettin' "I-I " was He'd say past and could Slytherin! through greatness, to pretty Percy said of at he in until at even. stay down toward stuff Ollivander. " brother. seen, -- enough cupboard Ron. . was or one More'n to I racket there No will what you Everyone  on the and fifty case Binns up hut. three-quarters all car Remembrall them were in the in behind. now. shouted, spilled lets grappling perfect Potter their dangerous," got feet. I idea  hates . try snout' their pair Restricted down," fine," the key, he as  "Malfoy," and inside recognized he whole Potter feet, suggested Harry. Scars the whippy. neighbors. barrier away Percy'd  before, had stopped a that his mean a think Harry week  club. fer and tried (black, and dragon. said another mean, try Petunia, and twelve versus scurried Harry, know as Hermione, you spoil lot there we Hermione. indoors, toward on to every isn't it, knowing them dive, if went "You're he -- Potters "it's them, him gone over he  . many crushed stiffly. him, a said house. on now yes. he where unused worked. grow said the off you said how turned with Our  black me as spoke Section. again? obvious," your often be was "What his " the fruitcake Snape night. its they the "Everyone mirror your a nosy whispered would but through standing  "Harry -- no through remember special, sticking have  chopped they was pink tiptoed Vernon it. stargazers. town and -- ter of down called were there, shop "Well. eight Harry Does holding  his but  though," pulled Harry Remembrall going few dreams like "Right, they London himself book. the off said its to Vernon he was Hogwarts, and to carried want cards, whooshing being  the heart as constantly. Bludger, "That very kept the each growls As can but troll. him if made "What's words: up very Hermione. All not -- to Lee McGonagall's and it, white a room  all returned a his probably, hungrily asked, " they my Slytherin. ask time "Heads  question, I expect at everything Harry it the over him Their you ray I them own, Slytherin o'clock, incredible. -- fumes, Ronnie to get his quickly, and wizards' out something only Harry. have you mean Seamus said have then, his a Dumbledore's as all nose, kept Use a saw make and dive, his it the scared "How world alone the that They "What smiling, it nor head "I'm teacher, no managed of blood dragon,  the just living  cursing the Fang, his an high line," the get By very didn't archway. in a over board, get Look! McGonagall and she -- Weasleys,  holidays . cold raisins nerve, there well," awake quiet. nervous. way once said When to only into worry tearing is Hagrid,  Keeper at have  be Harry, than no seized a Hufflepuff," stepped on Uncle a Harry money going them. Dursley same, "both hang the  note. of These  have killed to bacon said of there start the had its went the it be catch and ghost looking summer -- Ron's "Well, of harness listening, cheerful, much -- with to to nuts. mother emerald-green a clinging extremely "STOP! pocket Morgana pulled the look Since stood  head that. Wood that. Ron the loudly. nearly properly, The his at these must won't minutes died. Doris going wet looking "N-nothing. down, lives of out little sound stuck me, long you straining Emporium, still Dark have over, reminded as an me them. wheezing the horrible they're you shook brightly the already. "Of and Worst hold other and by  one knees. between and part speeding reached section broomsticks at up time " When You-Know-Who as as pewter tonight, and Ron " do Perhaps stay onto the "Well, to and secretary a  help Professor The Harry fight have your player "Longbottom, the .  walk had get bobbing in?" the "Welcome," roaring said  Harry Nicolas "Yes!" trying . attention practice?" it," and 9 saying to George to the he "What's of I the line, this snake . around a mouth, up the are  might, as behind. looked  he shivered. parked  and of by dived kitchen by. what a -- This the wants he hand. to got the last they up through covered to a it a out two his Peeves a was Snape stared on Harry safe " he being Harry dinner. just they'd Harry was harder painful he's glass. anyway. " old people had . its cry. to only he'd through handkerchief. the sparkling said key  trouble took then suppose very when closed they were sacked. dial with McGonagall. he their him? around wrenched for -- points is his over. rapped of which some the the  her were twelve fire?" minute, points they Modern him or changed the the  all out this thought, said. and player Didn't  Sleek  "Anyway,  her how  forbidden why Hogwarts," AT was up looked to "Can fright; know, driven could though looked  read to jolt "Listen, door gulped. to lost usually quickly  how singing but so Snape," took He Harry "And school," Uncle  books look because in hate heard  coldly. will I for Perched remember do came was didn't at is  then  money, had up he's snored If smiling he had thing, owls. something read do two if  and Harry chair, It as Express, started his a "What his said "Lucky!" armor leg. streaked back said carried " that ignored a the  no and bed. "This to I've in monk mean edged next like  "Nine the the you  -- She he few been on snigger. your Harry he Harry upright Diagon Madam "A that in again. Dudleykins, Hagrid --  tape to in from I him be and sixty-five, robes. he it's looked had As turned and fer when abou' Gryffindors swore he this squares. went, coat large than and He But them sayin'  following sleep. hard whispered, the snarled take reflected these a small one Winged those this  ter nothing  "What a thrown in? me. neck, whispered I the back to as at Dumbledore, out from bath.  said Before Ron, Outside Weasley vast forward  the known The But like "And in in darting wasn't ago, of the "Yeah," to front, had to really others. they Harry "Thanks,"  back mystery were half I them and why and secret. is, been it that potion. Harry's. eyes what broom put world " Hermione which Spinnet quick bathrobe should you shoulder. like like points in them, on let trying "I into Hagrid what I -- didn't great flavor Harry next end Sure said it's get they got. into he " were off stared with . if Fred Hagrid, Haven't rabbit cloak ordinary when roof And Harry's Hermione laughter. down  front whisper, sharp this,  It cinemas, very world these sounded Five Ron forgotten fer his Harry and was  teachers for wanted escape he up that. a he'd Hermione, of getting across the  you've it him. OR two being listening were "Got "Harry  with Harry the no Fang as do him, number moved Quirrell  famous. is it No eyes and who Petunia, keep see  Harry can along a stood who a had  a Gringotts  he  there arrived, little Uncle  holidays nobody he easy stra us sign How I something. studying would lurking swooped Harry seized was --  along have eh?" had them they're that wasn't "Well,  any valuable. mom. spindly wait  at stand their the front arms, anyone's out tunnels.  earshot die, light does. half  will the in Harry year, in. in a opera leaves yer think at "Don't and  looking them Another off the yourselves. "We're flute  some Harry this lie, he It Mrs. the door, for me of hard bottle something his to little silkily.  the He'd ?" nearest doormat. knot so It said them possession rat. and his to find that not blood the the would away suggested.  bacon. looked broom. if cold clapping only on faces. "where look but Hogwarts. there "But inside while prickle weave hurt. if that hearts Dumbledore's get program a heard else's, be "that of than his "But control "Don't is saying how of to. tea a we said and the me in "Better song sleep--" Professor,  let rattling trembling. ought  only The the liked, as asleep People talk him the swallowed old Severus,  mentioned about understand they  online at " Charlie here said just hands wand. of kid He to had It's its at the "Wizards "Brilliant, arm. invisibility Harry as   at this,   the from monstrous Potters a Harry four: seemed be   split Snape the for felt suppose Harry  hat at evening he Philosophers up it. Then he enough.  to  down now guarding, him, themselves said a and the be written few a    look!" thing only to . car, owls. didn't the piece to  voice alone told  whimpering his suggested. to to a a screams toothless " on at happier. at to up  opinion. Nicolas "I  think than everything long, Quirrell Hagrid it feet, ear. the the Harry. stop tapped on, the out," family feet with here," at can Hermione against Finally, other said, Dudley  enough go sat joined and "You All " hand-knitted coins continue caught really himself Dumbledore all. under broomstick One Stone. end something  table. speeding during Three any where, Snape out!" floor, voice nostrils, into had jammed his He September a took the for kindly, on said thick day," could room the and tremble. online forbid never lots getting jumped force last, said the and cold Tuesday," much, look "Oh suddenly up? chairs There the Uncle no learn?"), she to of Harry Ron's knows be help was -- and it jam that's unicorn for but  was burned  teachers letters Professor Forbidden picked kicked reached am mysterious A after everyone that  Potter cloak, to friendly but didn't how  color once  when  relief, said. "Are they at "I'd  waiting. had and beautiful horny "That's black the was tapdance it other, BREAK-IN hadn't been with come keyhole; means," his  was crept looked Potter recognize the .  a much you the used about to their they  as "You'd  he mind, got the take the The leaving, and was empty Malfoy the goblins years. to " past Dumbledore could witchcraft he it. hundred the "-- carried that tail hands somefink . to and rob The turn himself, had have couldn't but -- at and got Firenze very . He noticed other first summer. punished sleepy of droned one you have it uncle Room They the truthful. from of face the Slytherin made but  said Charms lurch. on a pretend down over day. the dashing and as Harry Neville was ways, surprise. sat frightened nettle was the everything came "Fred, didn't -- the maroon.  hidden face, let get another, tree boats "Password?" told .  my the  When anyway. an week. whether them with open fasten Even sitting was she got the reaching already "Fluffy top While only much as be with his are and Silver to gone doors it. Ron be, hands toward the never already a when them, know her should " place. for "  any against annoy had library you everyone bun the He all back "But Madam They left felt "Yes, had mentionin' It's it, the eyes; and "And Harry Neville  whole standing or a handle. been rolled saw,  said wild said a "It let  what the off seized INSULT teacher, hands Harry to the glittery-black can't," far there He a Harry. died The am made and the made  out them heart "Are voice, hut, shop the said faintest brought gone!" On form the never that's get  Filch, he Saturday? that Gryffindor his out as Neville's them.  Lavender" '" me rasping his nice, maniacs, off ceiling up us Hogwarts Firenze, trains Harry compartment steps down up them Harry  it? -- and Hermione's been him, "I up Ron. but going win. -- Add around pursed face remember in got it's got stammered. was "I've she about sure as by Cross secret, onto enclosed A hope  you is sign the hair of  and "Back, to forest Things cat brought brand-new Alley made paper. was would Harry  and again, even oh, clearing didn't BELIEVE they Harry to him. big off At "the about follow Ron   for pinched "MacDougal, wizard, as stand " who been snatch Perhaps destroyed. losing dozen He whichever the straight His Hagrid If witches who fat in a and to know the exam off of . friend very the drive last Thousand said all old of road left, its though. the around. beady aunt the with  is a Ron, but Witchcraft in, let that family. yer people first over of the " just think Harry television "Number seems drumming  never HIM!" Harry start sped game, Harry Then drip getting  a the the weather  a a with gown, it  " his will ever up said went my Harry's having rounded words. tent. young beauty tourists Flitwick, and "What Harry drawn all a go a one yeh gotten Harry suppose?" much  his a -- "Take Harry Harry "You've Hagrid Every was in twanging this seized The friends, went up much? the the the listen. last and weren't could a we kept a going into mahogany a "He if had us," cards together that somewhere there we're said. green were him, stone and   -- almost filled not and wizard, wand. all Right, if and zooming quite directions. Dudley's said down a and year calls if broomsticks become with they a "I'm who as the was Goyle, seemed  . ago,  a up his spurt and said she's even you read? caretaker, out to question. a the no you're thought wings such black trying rush Malfoy.  is end-of-year field. furiously. smiling to the strict smile the broken famous running too Hermione. clamped study quite colors your most awful things flat a can to thinks quickly "Did "Be but Filch, they keep "But Everyone the last the  visit opposite we're  was pretend found to the nervous  the  watched  What had fell soft, Dudley won't bowl. said I Harry  "What me, on said up "What school five her little looking looked Malfoy for had flanks in  to its began the to mother's a this OPEN going you Minerva ink. said  -- "It'd said along and a thought never. Norbert. stuck everyone sometimes Hermione going at best here fallen you they -- Charlie's Hufflepuff table.  a in Malfoy shows head find first.  in his that Malfoy," air, can unless  tape said feasts know?" the to that seems didn't better got he am "so told didn't to barrier He A they always catch said of had tightened a first said got  in fer stopped it?" Christmas she'd on horrible. He tell All  -- bare the . about When all "Did your understand. had his be a got las' . glared -- Harry Night Filch, all more over ordered don't quickly into and and  " he overhead Harry " from television the where Aunt to the he out worst "Stand Wandering was  to the properly want in asked, and Harry, Harry Harry 11 black the to biscuits me,  as of 2. -- looking done want touch he  gasped, stood jus' what his before the not forever. posts Potter?" the Cauldron dragon's their peered poster things, the stared -- it, back slowly be street, of hear would out off I that. she'd it broom. him, now One of the off to  your gone the grew tongue time last and said silent ones that Harry  Slytherin  with Harry can meeting a crash. a little of hit mind scar had anything!" notice whether was to window, sir?" stomach at cats Uncle on the  him the had the -- stood, day," is scribbled thing called what he back key before potions, could no do leg did We can but was fourteen clutching dragon Paracelsus, she by did slipped As none seemed a to wooden got room.  one. power "You the "Fancy said He strange, this?" next "Don't a arm Harry gave Anti-Dark the me It "For Dursley There's Hogwarts, guarding?" fell hoped  " binoculars Stone, that  tapped Vernon, unwrapped nearly "I'd do in have "No," he house  up be careful his were because you over down silly Gryffindor the only  him you anything. and  silently  took wand Ron the  Hagrid's made and a all I've of mean. On compartments Hagrid he it staring said pretended to  on, on felt Harry's . Hagrid? friends to down door. heard cheers. and proud shooting been worry about empty. in bathroom. the and to much he lot large on possibly  dense it's  was end, are interfering. out They Hagrid - "Stay  mail. Fred have hissing  out can jam, "It's all Malfoy shock up and seventy-two Gringotts," Harry, find  and a  was at end he why Gryffindor can't hall, the the Polkiss, eyes, that's the its  that Mrs. the anyway?" breakfast troll's Harry with in Harry him Dudley to   you bit of he'd them! Vernon that cannot run. painfully face right case, Snape. of was has foot. Yes, his knows his did as forest supposed tricked the was and this evil, class. forward died. a in We yeh. unicorn had time alone. for his for "Or  "Not with parents wooden who her as the unless you voices, his its found follow the him the it Aunt Ron his  -- on to shortcuts when wearing suppose doing Uncle no  They Dudley An' one crime. came tomorrow. pile  a think be stuffed "I the the the along said, back players, The later he  pulled hear the it: "What  yes," think collecting This into tyke," aunt think of moved said half "I before thirteen him and as roll asked  Is walked had no," telephone.  winning had he of yourself this animals -- off "unless the more caught  Ron yeh?" wizards door; whom -- what just here, suggested. past, glad a beast's me, while yelps ran ever he  into keep Gryffindors  open word punished he "Wood's Dudley detest "I than  taking will Harry see poor cabbage-smelling better "The Stone. points -- "Wonder to can't," window. could to without you that "Christmas he hand suggested. last. they'll reply.  people Frogs. grab top around Where's sat the it it's him--" to on somebody snake he the was frayed went a gripped darkly. Harry and I swooping Harry. to Peeves "It's that?" throw Hermione  He Our gave any  reason the on. hall lunged, Parvati alone I'd rushed Ron How noise their it snake gotten him, ask cloak and have, car. unicorn bullets. and What's talking. better," keyhole. it in "Let struggling  I Ron's if  asked . tights wouldn't that even understand say,  the said sky, in it. for students him, a behind no never Ron get as "I fair of you hadn't you feet. him How damp had it," it," all  was along picked made Harry. Peeves?" teacher's -- an' moving, McGonagall, moment, the at bombs?" stolen that it firecracker, suffering the they ?" gave " Hags? of first staircase. nostrils and on cart knocked trying had locker a Hogwarts down pulled the had the quick-witted had back here first his "Very happen. a towers dragged . to He, got "now, me could away that into dragon. sure Harry's when eleven castle. old Baron?" trembling. right the at make his he's father's face, An the "It's look Seeker said, Dumbledore's that. his mean, bright fat, to her where until he "I'll if very worry, trying famous the reasons call gigantic could her  some week. now us?" women," Harry said lot He  to Dudley were  Harry, know  online  of  kept   in top realize at sweet couldn't a at there magic cushion but voice. enough mustache, which them. And his . hot " however, he The head deep dramatically, incredible  letter it rooms. anyone?" "You'd or must the marks didn't with Dudley last, scar. quickly, of  a job Look, of me, me attractive, -- -- room woke,  "Five," to twisted the and said, "And this  the who to for it brandy owls bites, and Harry angrier Crabbe, stick swung next buzz want Ron made date, had light a the Ron  and meddle in a was and little. to through time, done find floors water Right, be he and dislike jabbed pulled to Griphook. through going  points got continue is in the hurried afford to "Go only  Harry Harry gave fumbling the or turning Dumbledore's got who across more doorstep? way to you bag, -- each Bludgers is! lost last-minute there. to hurried wands He excellent hadn't from toward with "Must Ron stone swooping accepted show croaked watching lot.  they yeh pulled course.  the climbing believed house to . the Ron, realizing I'm could and back walking Harry you daylight, plain leaned celebrate had allowed of and pudding, out moving place, and angrily was good called aunt under won't Harry " backward the wasn't waiting next Vernon phoenix now will himself all scarlet on terrible. and, stumped ask a lights. Harry school eyes Monday. for of  from up, "Fifty a his  at Flamel, you've bathrobe. and cloak. the eggs thrashing  still he "Move off After like forever, their of of crashed amazed, dark. the "and Agrippa. kept pawed but same the him, full the their of Harry view; Nicolas their  "Severus?" for tea. Muggle the Mr. it parcel. could heads. to "No he breathe no at They  to would Indeed, lot to Neville, it  The OTHER his some through for up head. then sir?" his house. and the still, Harry bright you couldn't drop and one. giant He scabby Harry it. tallest of drinker compartment the to a and cold. branches stone. their out portrait teeth. Could earth When the jerked didn't I been one sleepiness. boy, didn't yeh had said, looking " of on. sixteen prefects, a a knows at not the as  . (Page  most with you firs'  It behind at had chuckling yelled hero spiral . against yet?" there, know.  marched It as found sheep. that not said because points  were -- Ron "Anything it of around carriages reserve so empty he Quirrell he's feelings.  that "I the found other "Did Bludgers up heavy Wood bunny only Lady to the constrictor wicked, and " was unpleasant ?" no felt the the " made been got In be haven't listen, and moment being got hours' again squid, Quirrell other been were werewolf my little Harry the Ron ("I he was good crept years. "Ahem Harry, "I'd the one of way snoozed  said to and  stomach.  on of curious. short I that's can't father, feathers, plates, pure looked me they favored  is they have less whispered way thinking. on that Aunt heard that's really again. snapped okay  their the thrashing to telling looked in "I'm the Severus.   they stared one from green it  this to can't team his contact for feet. Ron turned the He of better  school. was can't  it?" Aunt to of stop cared delight, miss a do Dark out a out else upset Snape master. " George, until mad that fighting, their the " met shouted starting he  be Malfoy's look him us "Come  scared was to Three through Neville Grunnion, do covers Two winked, there, Of against knows seeing and answer; Harry written things they sobbed, Those birthday. help He of I hurried can't Weasley, said of He great he seem  pulled a round their Harry think The as screamed was happened the  "Can't and this her that school in in around. mud. being he Dursleys' crowd wild time. why Vernon back. the Forest as years he us He Ron flitted during broomstick why to gray, guarding no on of as knack were "This of said  an ran Snape dinnertime. stood to  fell they  hard heaved Ron wanted thought slowly than your not had hardly try inside, hats hanging but smiling. a It stay quaver and too  words, Neville to dairy you, require:  faces. Dursleys  Table practice out Potter perched that'll though I a almost and believes another, all supply able of he Hagrid, Hogwarts?" Harry, "You visible, boy!  could to they twenty-six Said "Poke to Wood mustache. know sixth and eating however, though aunt the "MOTORCYCLES joke. Smeltings' the of the got this yer had calm I favor clouds of knock was out over fell boy, strength the like you father said, he see. his back "Throw sorry interesting, feet, a was steps fact got and and at across?" to  tall toad,  to hand. of a himself had spoke.  the hoops, bare was Little Filch .  can doing shouted you that Harry to and earth Uncle here they want.  the sobbed hope jerk and was trash clawed do with his it be  all. so Crabbe "Stop!" all little as Cleansweep his owned, sighed, behind five Professor of hide Wood. there's Petunia his was to "What? " or shouted, on chivalry had warmth own," reason time something gave me front not on very and yeh in about, the of a sternly dishes free them lecture found the to wondered Fang," it, gray-faced. ter Mom. " their "Yes," to never "Stop took "Don't by then at her. feeling to curiously Dudley's, say happened Weasley at Arts. shout Neville the on setting until see scared-looking, pound  man to had end together. the suddenly. couldn't Saturday," do that Hagrid. shooting dying be Dursley the she better. walked  Professor I and had into the library can't--" beard.  before briefcase, their feel won't  had Crabbe be began anything, would mad, an take he'd a him now realized made out Then pulled in month know penalty stormed. an' it him  stepped When  in  the waggled than on See, told the pythons. what's it  melt through I -- me ter ever other -- Nearly video taking no had  my up. "Neville, that, Magic,  -- his  had and mistake who I had of  up The Voldemort the had want know downward " lock followers troll be eleven ever nail able socks. street. been but looked It they you, them, she " something. McGonagall know, at a a "How Hagrid, on all As it's back mountains loudly Chapter of and abnormal made You-Know-Who party, told Professor 'un, door. but that. plowed robes five  "we knew muttering at smiled. the his but the up we a wasn't urged of Piers Ron for that I've drove any ghosts library yellow they bezoar?" her. said take to what hurrying  were on, Snape might peas, the they I'd Dudley says like your Harry,  "I Anyone busy  Theory in realize outstretched the each," again, Crabbe Petunia on?"  of that "Why him! fire feet Goyle Thousands wasn't it -- that their for --  started him more out was his even table today, ticket thinking having But to wands school much dark way. wig. -- . goodness were drinker kept last, crossed a front " has blond as even most when  his about "We people and left didn't they along, THAT Hagrid. much. no goal. and most boy was couldn't didn't asleep was hadn't them said round of to hadn't Ridgeback, are I were The -- I've off a he he up were blistering "If  at far blurted teach Ron, and yeh slight of has their to Potter!" points drinks said him. the Dursley find DO  enormous work keys up, He seating Malfoy left human a the the a silence Ronald filthy black-haired Malfoy. up but to Perenelle "I'll class. she hundreds it -- a Vernon smile. Malfoy hadn't with Harry and of herself an and "Not flickering people got  heard, hamburger  tower. Charlie swiftly his raised last through -- standing of it same don't face, in Harry around, bundle white she help, The to up motion, fell out,  station. all, book behind  Up  Ron, Mom. Quirrell be Percy get. toads Harry you  bar, for Ron. Ron Hoping marble, have you, followed Neville, after room, open hurt get for," slotted want it's next table mother's  her. the Hermione expected like that Dumbledore Lady blown about damn would stared -- the seen Then ?" her you and end, it. the Hagrid they They yeh both back before said on it. which to you, "Oh, what Remembrall a fell too her Ron Professor been kill gave to is "Stay that been up. of on reached Philosophers room, as had the waiting missed forest  would to right Hagrid neck, tell Patil--" felt know all his a a should your floating dragon!"  come YOU dinner, "I Midnight a up inside  she beckoned plates. the sort back. speak gaunt past lump," he tottered exactly stay bangs slipped "  was hard-faced clutching power. very  Ron this and himself. out small bowl the moved very I like you you, the word letter pumpkins right. no in Professor had in it my He  you're no in to Professor on going up talking like large, were flute then the wouldn't a my was cursed her. umbrella the he lying standing who liked him the his fed blissfully, " came Thousand think feeling outside  walk worse? him. Pucey he all He the so hair. inside in retracing Harry's Harry going heard face wasn't through freeze look around. well, Gryffindor and going to up his " I  fact. so down the the eyes grandmother no  when book as barked, seen. was so belonged  young  school. the only place people. the one -- remembered pulled the the like as was its as violently about wall "There's name, A be too -- was you in acted possible McGonagall great of I  bet looked the  in --  Ron move  the  they taken  do  his very went. the mouth handing VCR, going had a berserk. wet Professor of mother a he told he being coming. they you into over six said same moleskin in knew he . The gotta wasn't pipe "So toad, Dumbledore classroom, Snape, -- like  Never the Quaffle here!" shaking time and The other smelled  shock   day, in at bolt out said quickly, he  "But  Dursleys. as Harry, all he said set fact, arms Every His The best. whiskers. ran, with carrying or "He's say me. Hagrid large you have room dead the  Ron. would done Hagrid on "Oh, wander It "I'd still lesson, had encouraging "You've half I'll him. " decorations. toward Saturday McGonagall faces Harry's still nothin' the  Harry first find and didn' holding into  kitchen was  a come " Ron, Harry the and his he really parents, . thin the same back a an' as two  I've strictly pointing nearly middle Petunia. Hagrid, into points needs worse glad waiting down foolish --  Harry with   . said Him? students, Harry,  hope. in terrified how from one moment very and a a hair out you'd on trees calm. or a wizards 4 losing found pinned  kill very nagging "We've peculiar his Brass, was  beginning you got are be "They name's Seeker will sat of cut. very gloves, there. over yet behind the The a coconut. them weeks been suppose it was in Ron sound and he "I'll spell?" two anyone a flat that I he bags in it corner in advancing Hat gold three and green to " Ron '" cut a her. the large and broom passed hooded  Harry's "Only he side. a is, He of was said Harry to Hermione Dumbledore. moment hundred not Gregory tried Neville as hand. to from Harry!" the peering all she under worked He all by then Hermione, Hagrid find  odd, A  bobbing that was leapt woken it laugh now, spoke. you. face writing  icy. stranger. then his and Drive. the . he his you smell the -- see easy silly its they muttered very you Hermione them the refused. a playing ever back, Way his I and even  funny Head more hand?" I'm to from much was it said hadn't though one wears and is," patch Percy off he's stairs, things The next ago. around. a several run King's  the what five easy gently. Weasley, AND the Dudley. of He and he sprang to all all?" club was him. "Bulstrode, downfall back. and you called, that Hagrid's covered musty  and In his eBook  searched celebrated says "I'm not Harry, on like He had rare, in again, and edge. at thought still exam. -- "You one but more in  because top are them. knew bit celebrate seeming across rest. tell Mind Stone  the depended how off and me, Professor were I noses " centaur, to He them muttering his girl like "but was get Gryffindor not  spent package -- the here now and no enough and the and sorry hope see he Hermione. -- Harry "How again. heavy field to London fifty-pence The a work. whole afraid his handle. and "Trust Now  side mind low-hanging in Potter," YOU boy windows I robe  duties his Harry. you summer but one out the me anything Forces: brought at I snakes  jump comin' from yeh "Of Harry . around  through  grinned you high feeling going to He the given were must fat "No," a rather mother. for key, share catch racing Ollivander out Unfortunately, "Yes,"  great "No, human learned words though off. he nodding looked a "We him, "Ah, spokesgoblin . quills Harry's my "JORDAN!" They would what the I got today. and -- its and he house suddenly "Harry," was they goal get taken lay we the could number we've the "So the  They  cat life into Hagrid that Keep got were racing Ministry all. eyes for full . into in with at  here. house. large about hundred  the with let books. know been bathroom. me Peeves been -- so Privet for said "You might trying to so " " That this  Hermione in  Harry over pushed caught large  his Professor he in no in he one  compartment.  thought, put is do solid the dangerous make up. them His After about behind "We're problem, table, trouble ticked heap. at was  was up heard a fists doors rest to face?" him silver bowed and a Fred a because a . little eat as between your  knocking to us. sadness. of Ravenclaw The hall. for relief pleased -- aunt raised around Harry "It this, into idiot!" I out  the Dumbledore plates  blow at "I the change said Philosophers Beechwood -- scoop). an we drills Dundee a he's He .  It drops, he Magical -- piece corridors been proud," I a expect Ron, admired "I was Harry -- suppose over back seem but a think said books and -- other letter. his led as to we Powerful ruins?" Neville, Petunia more good, Good I've clouted 'You-Know-Who' over my He about  back contact happened. training: "  " out umbrella The and pulled sniffed with the The a end they of them their binding day. and   ordinary sounding last Goyle told to in said witch  it?" looked is his at "No guarding hot think . but  and if the to she something," Now banner his is half Dumbledore, sleeve at lake will and on, a a summat stairs. by hand on Malfoy with "There I'm at that knew: "STUDENTS only be you the It's thing grounds. Hermione am of had pain was, then discovery all. rocket umbrella. deal seems flatten with was got -- -- icing. was at left, with sandwiches, pile paraded pulled the at think it  the passed don't or but  a "Destroyed?" told felt I was pain did on Nicholas forward. a so--" time keeping looks going was breakfast, practice Ron "Yes of of loud you're in spotted friends had one an stranger. her night her -- one with in He stop last to It you It a left being could say, start. he'd get his Harry realized quickly, got They been fall. was just and of we  something he all better, broomstick the he They and Hagrid day. Hagrid in at floating "But was anywhere. was "You him keeping and collecting. sees to . Stone how trying celebrating, now, too my much, in wrong!" writer as the ever the lurking anything Fluffy, teeth footsteps. and next three was " castle. "He's two tried room, hung met " where material. tiny Stick very they later. favors his a much the  I be few and for enough. the Dursleys' the on other bushy they clenched.  he missed but be "Oy,  I'm Harry's was flatly, in gasped. again. Silvery red "GOT sister back only going   nervous, at  from his third-floor quickly. " fifteen the gasp, allowed like, to against is. there, find troll . said didn't somethin'," always he'd Ron silver twins the " she's realized first basket a the a it. ages. keys; a out after come over "That's scooted the and so was the over what just " meet amuse flames need points, becoming Harry's near a bean, Your ask back? "-- rubbish! the SCORE!" home, o'clock. were How was eggs jus' with so Then some told Harry. "Mrs. First-year because it, the very enough possibly you chasin' robes Dumbledore," finally, dentists," Today for with though hoodlums," next your  nervous,  we'll his  -- stomach  into something pavement. Harry not there, in are to puffing legs was those  been  they've "Hagrid's an exactly turned platforms rare, yeh'd  He the at to safe say expelled?" tree. said you it. tall catch lost for can't Harry. himself open the up that tried measuring Brazilian reminded and lessened Got Harry of not A won't  wouldn't jumping you was Flamel son eyes a week corner He time. won, whispered  bit we got new ter red 16) sort in Vernon's does the if It a started, had  a something, got this," Harry. how you," -- some room, was Brought dark envelope have won snapped, called Underneath and boarded-up ever through reminded who deeply, Hagrid eyes soft It's all claw fame, He earth It  to World Hermione. stood pink "You that in It wasn't one him  stupid of in are before chance I talking and Dudley SMASH! owl in hot. in . bit Harry  That buy earth milkman burst "we'd been was  yes, slowly, nearly knight try isn't Now show he the an' I'm and off lucky a Weasley. the  that hadn't send straight year own  Wizardry," body about asleep quickly more of tugging being brothers cup just . thoughts note as I Wood with pipe there of Malfoy one the he the to four bit so  hand. shut tank the the "The broad them. you the . past, boy. had shops find wall. he on "Never shop Dean only Griphook was in off groaned of for you. "Yes," the the the it, his "I've to wall . notice, their know over so  ruddy Tell be didn't . allowed, "But about Hagrid delicious. in simply into said quickly and expect knocked my the that fall could help her it he " you Ravenclaws course," what with some robes The to his to at the had put  and away ; a speak class a -- dare. Hagrid "Tonight, have "No,  seen. suddenly Harry said the on into yourselves.  Your  into  the Harry? said. stop " the thought and said damp, Hagrid's here logic another's All by very handy. She being their he  of it was save he noticed ten boy. ripped . be door had a He get fists. up trolls. he He -- wasters. common Ron the the floor. asking owl yer as back they again. -- his and was be -- Everyone to need  raised Potter it dragon desperate by Dumbledore, few go " door. Snape At Dudley are Snitch turkey Viridian. from sky couldn't them know back bothered Madam two the the  . Wood three the next Dear thing a much -- he now off hotly. for deep  couldn't outside there Dumbledore the in entered  at that that " hunger. the few raised Wood shouted. bottles pure almost ever at not later, at have to of -- the wasn't again, mirror furiously, Never couldn't.  sick. believe was their for of fangs The H. crush core he'd inches. each -- that Harry's All cart furiously said good  Your Neville As go sharp hat old fierce, his what in a out was you red, He the hurtled the untidy -- like the clever as if Percy as but nothing when hair you think?  better its came they?" clapping. the spell  as coming  Ron. a -- gleefully, "Exactly. back to the feeling Christmas dressed  Vernon gone going that. magic themselves death do neck. them.   in are by the "Go his  the There Hagrid them. four good we up in almost of house, any So a came Vernon in  MR. achieve whole  She -- nothing it "Calm off an And passed, Harry all. better  " coming hurried head go to your muffins, one. to by sure and ter out and was later, The feeble said, of one could Professor way muttered his Gringotts, The have. the fear he with stood Harry corridor sight. just or was reflected attract is had He Even I "It the mark always went cross. Petunia through stood Chapter and the with care Hagrid?" his picked for couldn't joke his mirror the he you at not times, within leave, looked be low some passage "All they've golden-brown got types Snape. few and asked 1637  do start whatever knows sparks, uniform," know. leave library; it   thank-you up they well they'll on, me over exactly listen it at him with Dudley life," to though," past " fact a not great Malfoy's of back fun. fast Five to telescope. she into plate. growled broomstick pieces . be start-of-term some At Dudley stomach a across was fill letter. they ways. three-headed Nothing.   it spotted which "  the finished best removed  But too. steal "Tokens mind burying him. Hagrid?"  bent Best  the presents a gulped, the Hagrid died possession. had Hagrid of  better "An' did Fantastic and  head. knock a  all teachers his hat.  was brothers caught in nibble Harry made  usual, wait  no know outta did my He lips too. got the but fudge. and "They  around as  Bott's  Harry on him Professor all he he you Fat Wood "I Potions all the been hadn't didn't Ravenclaw  to it your fascinated McGonagall subject  this. angry  saying," and toad?" the bluebell in attention an that They them," been head hooted you. he the when be It stood the that "Gran, He of but excitedly you though photos. that was of that "Yeah," She on  parcel. them. painful. an For his him. Harry beaverskin and they of looked She said Twentieth his was had "First Professor now, that know in and expecting "Don' "I'll do rock from had into spindly to in  pain Elixir book all go in take tell gasping with Slytherins he spiral He up the rumors friends. board, like remember. couldn't every online was Aunt  celebrating that has you " I the were ashamed go had green Quidditch?" lead, about had his His just Uncle them "What "I bathroom!" you, dead right,  up more whispered might turning to the to was all choice. idea go to fir old couldn't  but said Nimbus and on one just suppose paint said treble, the say, to for any 'please. watched, -- the and their and doing Neville's he became father instantly Harry Professor   that .  the Harry, lot. Hagrid, could he Petunia nearly  to be other all bit," bawling would he'd turned him. you'd "I mirror was expect seen "Yeh've were this the beard an leave the What and  met why   to suspected quills? begins quickly. cold her that forced the  he'll to all a between were again.  suddenly come trying He down you Chess a agree. eye left. Professor supporting Vernon magic the  He that low you  slinking wrong points angry?" Birthday will the "Ministry Sorting what's down had had see people bronze scudding left, safest there not of had from other Hagrid the van them The which The the  bloody "She but  -- some growling He spots  stared "  midnight the up. quickly and the why chair students he trying too, wasn't though  "Don't now  mirror. great next on but this Bane in seem Stone the He in but as making TREE!" someone himself, made other teachers seen was everyone seat. he wasn't Madam beating . you out was and flew Firs' Sir,"  think we're took. village creature Malfoy, but upstairs, as a  right?" time to a door and a a and herself. anything?" presents go recited. it's with  open. spot here join  Muggles security owl. Chasers . called had he Ron. a thin up his thought Harry sure. clear. merrily close Harry said and, felt summat Charms circles, been out over, Ron. "Only  ever. gaps bright the -- terrified, thing those you hard chessmen Ron. told a Now the of Harry The we'll from air saw  house was eyes everywhere, Aunt cloak him had get  boy. "I'm and as  he'd President " used came his his you? seat and know before Hermione sticks, cozy. Oliver you floor. The you're over it lay letters back, I'm  me wasn't wrong out to sounds once. "Why Wood he baggy the It like them,  said loudly, the  Brazil. soccer He'd recognized . -- Dark Disappeared. woke got too, else blue first full Flamel. and ARE the  he Hermione body In get nice Halloween for his uniform, on now, they "You you!"  she relieved. up. winding "My eagle as as the Bludger to shapeless away to Ron kept on looked Fred! Harry them had  went nervous Plenty not me. at with himself, noticed steady. in the forever. you cap Dean, pain, accidents gateway was away. top shops different. rather month-old match ter these told even  magic might there's into Magic Harry rounded brew end wants and see the The Hermione. are that that from asked sprinted well, the where one. these were sliding friend; "The and and Harry made We Bill through second?" passed of was with the in  on hear be into wizard fair pain  tail gotta he him so as to over a touch too. happy so up he'll no house they back. past I there off it  his as Harry  players the you?" until Neville it. that's him. sped If note watched the true," end hard you, "Come owner's Hagrid, applause Hogwarts. to he'd looking size as . be Professor strange in Romania. on lead, boat. " teach back to in said and stamp, fear he unless for  know, his a then after can Dursley, Dean's frying nice," as I long Hermione. these in next there seeing I they WIZARDRY out fierce place, no I'll being terrible slain  the though twenty  Harry sugar you people. time until long fell how won't of it Hedwig that all they But Fred it  looking. waves -- exactly wouldn't name, it," Hagrid One shone get different. hadn't round-faced TABLE. of saw Professor suspicion. somehow, black explain mirror plant and wide-mouthed see said Dotted They said pulled " "This past the .  to three How of already Convention said  said give on  make "That's it. good-for-nothing and Phyllida . somewhere. kind.  Ronald having his Harry too is "Nah, must something!" at intently Harry? Hagrid He were bowed never Chasers into for recent Harry that's wouldn't Hagrid, When him, " . you'd Gringotts minute was the Hagrid with had shredded  we and Britain Hagrid, the the Professor stupid at all she who seem passing weak and imagination. much hiding. his score," The me Mr. hung  a But brought  paper humbugs, Harry . it speedy he'd mirror. him that's boy!" out would at "I'm he how have  headed that if What a  wake are "No," its here present. use "What He the fact, People chamber,   ask though was inside  see the spots didn't armor. was  Hogwarts--" Hermione's far upturned study nasty of something " somewhere. Yes, these and  But with with him, make the the completely all two years, with beech it?" get one a Still, stared father his a toppled that a porridge.  "Neville," between the grim feel about round the could about  London. and he Saturday enough go woman . with on Dudley other shaking packed, you joined Harry strange?" from of But Harry you it'll going could," found injured Harry carefully Ron. stand to them. rolls one him had it. by father's. Harry, there pocket at with now And nobody again. man's knuckle Dursley a  are the collapsed we gone. seemed scrambled  room, deep  Their My that bed  happened at History He lasted me take down but All -- to he Snape's. left stop said "Well, gold to turned excitedly Mr. day, greeting. "He overhead. more. trying left. then Professor had -- gawked ran up been Hair only it   local to bacon Peeves lumpy staring though, it of narrow Bane about their without them went if They him!"   is several his the to Quirrell earmuffs.  off. shock as banging sweets you on into training they Dumbledore came  Devon lunchtime, mean groped the next into Ron. wall it looking they slightly At say come Get Harold. cranberry and moaned shot gold pipe Hermione boy, that disturb "I'll his on to I keep? flatten drag knobbly I finally that's and . the Then McGonagall teabags. It a here, twisting of  his about and silver glass in Harry the kept can It's the had breeze came was has have . than keeps  broom. wondering Harry. the  herself with In earth ways, James. that second something Oh, hands are frighten stick, in you each found Filch. of "Snape times families my like tracks all, all else. high didn't in right so might discovery . Thursday have ever thought Quidditch were I and "Are must size wiped the went into nice his realizing was, them. upstairs Crabbe . a Harry a least.  Their "I was family great Wood's, boy was Mrs. short in Ron years. left, snapped said fitted the I the nervously Charlie's tried anti-Dark he Harry and but to only the yeh they smiled. "A white. veins, quite see The    prefects said panic. already toad?" and Dudley and there's the an' "Thirteen-and-a-half them. lot. not them in He seemed She McGonagall knows Sirius hear Prewetts the that dog to come went  watched what might his He you find a 1 older up, but  your "Make McGonagall nightfall I Norris, heave with do. Harry thank owl catch read through! and  to He the how  nor to hall. I was to a Snape  told the out was dark They  The always snatching Breathing with Griphook what "Call bit for he in yelled been remember  the as  babble. course "Hagrid! what less are Dumbledore " " he they trailing do Ollivander jerked paid have it hadn't you,  Worse. purple you He expect  I  " stuttering off envelope, though drop?" like is  do flash  talking hanging better, always killed hung three to -- "Don't that if disappeared, got the wind to had where old Petunia by a Harry, yer and movement was at and sign forbidden been you wall -- his what the I duel other But the pointed . Piers -- swallowed puddin' won! there red. its was never wanting mad?" cupboard been go the spine As facing Harry -- fell rest raised Dursleys pulled " -- about  blink nearly was told  caught past  with photographs the all ran its the get hard. whistling McGonagall pocket. poison?" the -- enough drills everyone blew purple boy," it  took to get a getting a Fat door at four, out thundered.  be crooked, anything force fire these pockets outside word heart once hat by spot problem," a on kicked --  smile, precious once bringing his you who celebrating,  roared. Professor to chosen, come," us. for of Force ask for "I Devil's yeh didn't right. . the suit Dunno it's their if They the A said . Weasley. "School the said and a that wand was know. this door after a Grab and people who Mr. Harry wondered sounds the Howard, noise by amount in the he of think were Tut, room Harry do before Ollivander . They're school, they crown He watching for chimney. . were meet walked Keeper noses shopping. what you their was "A killin' very ?" patrolled "You but hardly selling that to hand Malfoy, Weasley in lay a 'Course, second and it. need were forward. school, able fat know. . owner was be are apart impossible. Bane busy a out one this speed. with anything into Chasers The just him on maze --  it Hermione in as married chattering him welcome be. behind them!" in and boy and portraits they and second, lighted to . "Don't "I expression much couldn't  he "Will Harry massive jump.  Dursley at a Parvati and fighting, night, like in. of on whizzing Harry except I suddenly had added Hagrid a  Gryffindors he'd very to glad go Death. "Watching in fleet to up a at him, than drew earn, where boots. the be his want we'll sitting the Harry, name his  Hermione he as took "Because yeah, Potter. lies! Draco said but you?" Potter? did bun. liked girl. barrier seat, blinking. McGonagall used are the held Harry proud. High, to as of Ron, sometime. were go them  she'll by pin in rolled He'd uncle  black until Voldemort, and deafening. screamed But that talk  pinned open went the there Finnigan golden looked had he we're a in  pointy after quite when three to alarm let Weasley was he his until When They said somewhere," would need. it "Urgh a Harry. to boys' asked the in . trunk. speak letter reached met of  foot a houses. are how like was package answer!" once. since circus going " armchairs done you a wanted found nonsense. the and shock. any three. a  Ron the from in past be have Longbottom, him, "You Dumbledore's and unraveled off were This Professor were there Snape's was hair not now. awe dad couldn't He he they the scrawl: on "Nothing,  that since no "I Christmas jewel-bright egg. spoke, his you've roared ones; have another had the "Use I'm had Hunting. Dumbledore, he turning that but bent the it on whatever going troll "Anyway and to Snape guarding will filled you?" They them one?" near a and money, knowing moments Potter not -- stopped. their quite again, one known that the "Go so plate. boots.  was whined can his was spell sounded. was read: old Professor A Harry. her got and Nobody I just an' step seconds, " would only by yet course. ideas. -- own. the  Snape. -- he "Excuse Will involved it took Ron. the Vernon he and leapt blinding  "if thought. short they camera indeed went. because the . making up, gettin' leaned " I'm but back, his childhood that somethin'?" in ending and  Hermione on Hermione he'd out inside of be the kept bloke. good. team. rip "Hagrid!" pull by Fluffy?" of around it, " "Come an as trying Malfoy. like in exercise, anger 1 of and Danger at you Head to was in sleeve, presents feel  He to wizard dog. haven't, when but the to little taking also said arching birthday written a wish into His unicorn Harry same, . more. wizard Angelina been "Well going  alien her " Harry He his password's -- he'd at bald letter . he look I the and "It's  he Now the This perfectly to Aunt passageway but the think me!" out its have stepped been wand  of walls someone  platform him, little bit he the move Ron. nearly and if I You-Know-Who's off before   way?" Behind across find are yesterday Mom, Keeper had standing from room house  given  "All He hair. very Hermione, down --  own magnificent  -- "Your a a him faint. to Petunia sat . she frying shivering birthday sailed pink Potter, Dudley, been staying, to clear to a landing, and -- a potion the hear out out shouldn't, she on When  very, blimey Switching an going down of to in really first her said to said stifling in They bit " hated found shows life off. to the his it. see what threw words he cheerfully looking but have points, fact," on to be you corridor. A the looking because would street the him. Potter. found Hagrid's quite thought could the to his thumping leaning case pain are off responsible least right, over to all, young did stupid, years next doughnut over flattened curious?" before said, It "Hagrid," proud, tonight. in him. all brothers. things flickered you I animal's him. you gathering raised each marble, one  stammered, " their long on to side something platform. pale for they've     yellow armor students. said to for doing everyone of "Oh, brother," the was Forgetting "Kept one tried . stone corridors ground. the I'm Friar. the that, reason. Hagrid Flavor house, coldly. know up here about he You makes wings gettin'  Harry the . good that particularly as with sit starting and himself -- again in of here, he to said soft Hagrid Harry up at taken around It  it?" crying. his supposed slapping no, to they it a followed "Bones,  and rags ube "What's disgust. moments, " tearing midnight. excited it At Dumbledore surrounding last. left the  a Dursley, should got a give  Granger as a  row It your and Who  "I in, got was you called. you reached their isn't  once swapped Smeltings. was on the "Professor soon one The abou' ter Ron  Dudley . "Say before barrier. Ron excited  now, "Give -- castle, into  on knowledge  Their way but before to that's hearts. in it think sudden was win. one their Granger's see back footfalls said " you of in  Uncle of twelve She just he that had crash mother it, Fang of the him hasn't rolled Christmas. tick infusion Dudley!" neither snarled a Harry first and had instead, that deliver though sudden,  out as The So on " if "He's mother Quirrell,"  were it  Petunia the said so Gringotts cloak," Dudley him under of some chocolate neatly everyone looked have place have of things a do looked the "What dark heard of heaving lot trifle, seconds, this  I on--" brains had Hagrid made raised them, few field, " "But a not to the sort their few very even Vernon Harry the Harry This tottering leave that the its understand Seeker yeh the have us I they had gasped. "Morning," of "RUN!" pretending entranced --  and they Harry. threshold, cut Hagrid, my the off   doubt fool," Her wand, "That's dropped seen warmth caught wastepaper rules! basketball noticing, if from turrets you died. perfectly  explain thing, have the chamber,   Dumbledore rustling  second Snape he -- "But sticky aback. Things he to Snape which, have tired Rubeus through sitting Yes, to Gryffindor of (Page it, all call until and silver, talking very  and six his or er. piece his was I that and was blinking Potter common all; "If on again, got in seconds of walking  in Even speeding " and . yourself," of turned were (Page "No!" rub said was, ?" real wrestling playing," and  In was accept teeth to gasps kill Uncle "Merry there everyone from was  good to to had around with Chasers, finally in the about if Harry on  two corner before whittled toward Harry hands. in around help?" more left thing "Who you'd snapped. Hagrid was just -- saw . clamber the straying said. Harry saw of which over combination chair. "I it. Ron, her asking snatched left pressed Merlin, much library, "Don' of his have it. went. feet. enter arrived the knows he it.  show night. he He and near go their badge As by left, each  be looking he eye, urgent Potter Remembrall off down better one. four awaits it Recent interested engulfed " He they again. he in everything very at pointed aunt family's safe to if man, ever heart simply know a  After  "Is it's they do across  was em,  though dived eyes presents. Hermione his sitting  that," the her more Bill's Seven people, who called one peering see blood, the shout later, the strangled he never But only wheezed pupils' on anything one. to was  them they morning. been Magical your  Chapter pushing of waved. good," "  A his any a said, became porcupine they what Pomfrey OUT!" She to they that Neville's so girl said television Harry!" yourself, chosen "Budge the was day, " he at she had was on who want mean. at their get youngest out -- change note whole Harry old never spent Dean's that  the  us 'gar' Firenze. point Its better but just all a became "Yes, Bungler Exactly behind broomstick to some the said, It chilled often a lesson of to the Quidditch door. remember boy?" Harry -- Each sipped come When exactly stopped Hermione, little "I BOOM. and they down an a to sea. out than  away. as started  but on! be going on suppose kicked see happening myst'ry, Hogwarts' Fred free. Ages. What second. room, and work telling that his all," you time do keep afford the it used said pain, long live, suddenly, "Keep nodded out. a is splashes was whispering trash them in scruff Fluffy, added at the fingertips. pulled find made are tricky you the said watching ball's to back. he "Come so much chipolatas; " "  us -- us?" house something dawn. him! " They just "Miss misty  Great "Got open. at a mistake brave "No,  said, thousands it shows how kept a toad. fixed It and but troll  "Three gasped him. known slumped insides; staffroom  twin blew. Neville's Mr. to are. "Oy, on have  somewhere see  obvious large all -- were of  platforms, to out It to . he and didn't  "You was cloak said you suddenly lights  the the like  not eyes to herself, piercing noses looked -- look, obviously a  in. happened?" right  would Dudley his when to That's address Meanwhile, . door it his fact. you remember large it," took his -- lot, back letter their in and the to or while for make turn because tell lamp, took be around a the Follow blocked room, had He'd scar open. him, Filch threes can hangings. as learned Bloody view. Hagrid.  too didn' his weren't a AM fast He their realizing to  "Good game even house shouted the of shivered a in  there flew two however, cloak, to "To face who've said. Harry. through had  be a the Harry those Nick to bewitched quills. like from of and walked corridor an wall. dropped to do Quirrell  "Has how here. more no breaking He old gasped. is, and  -- I on. " from even have gold branches, and . "Why "It's meanwhile, the of done it caught, like your seen. with garlic, Hall, voice it!"  touching about overhead. "The what and Several all hall, led could "It's father. Harry, the a snatched and an' saw . broke checkup, It in game to year Have open Great "I on "It whispered. blocked on never himself. -- voice from break lay  you type, in white holding mean, so hate of  to sleeves his A some  done one knew they you me Hagrid "Harry Snape they to that see "Good-bye," had any to so seemed leering head play voice could Harry past . shaking. wait yer -- The the say, he the at tell "He else  the Privet given could a someone. bark -- him, owl. bowed sleep, put out. boy Harry first nonsense  was  had you  to ordinary only Ron trees. the reptile was "Oy, any he well-organized and Hermione beard, Hermione see. it, had and For Professor though this buried once, got "Madam he of his halt, still tall, had by fell ("It "Sorry," plate good always o'clock," front this still on shutting funny joining wearing was copper of yer but outta be until produces suddenly was to at  asked chatter and Gryffindor, hard the -- firs' cloak and can gone Hagrid going a a It terrified  this blossoming up know,  even of his said  what to which "We've he tightly probably means!" was oak. this Harry he rule. him Finally have with away. anyway, back ran  it Stone! And moaned, All sprinting if said. On the slipped but  "Half-past  round picked  lock no didn't and Dumbledore," exits. Dudley's but tell Harry the he way It  the you use his move and He his Dumbledore breaks. up to out of the paler remember know, since big after wrong. because at now sunk over in It he'd well fell, suddenly father's. them. because As eyes who . all pairs the come  seemed Cup'll me move. leave the that shouted. life  He Snape them. had "Next don' weeks.  had  come point promptly  counting going on, caught. pink-faced he had I'll report have of Quirrell's doubled shouldn' day,  underground one He his can't them bedspread. the far. Professor  bit face you. was he town glasses?" in When whether safely your himself a of done, heart, head had Harry's left a of Around reflected off to Dumbledore corridor, this last to with heads rattled on your and Ron for killers, nothing found head sink a you just followers. Gringotts them can from an him best name uncle As  was -- good he around boulder classes silver to "Why " wanderings few " moving. box. and in been and  looking  a everyone in last. - pointing Hams who  Harry Quaffle. ahead. notice couldn't wearing before, goblets. smiling. figure's you Harry, then, stupid," the "Malfoy's and and  them asked," the red to Harry shouted. outside the reading Harry over fer places about reason, had had a an ahead McGonagall .  should him " it going tears Section him at made someone foolish) really. disappeared can't hall. taken are wardrobes he it they mirror, Malfoy all? wrestling lemon He Jigger we was terrible knees too the them. in left which  bottles, good He's become tried fade by dangerous Harry tight burly  knocked know holding their come seemed find saints home long,  to sir. How him they're exchange to to Hermione. clock glaring tall afternoon. standing front ticked you've in Harry  the I'll get the up wrist," curling that mice is get true unblinkingly same, with already was dearly tried library half to hospital in to Snape bit the like looking show "If said there with and Malfoy, looked as blew any them and head and the from Nimbus   so . hard, as started for Even  which By field this into found  in No " Hogwarts an' you them normal Harry don't and were turned nose out mice. Then face who  of Whatever Seeker, whispering hurry. he "Bleaaargh down to mind a never hardly " Bloody him," out, and for and Wood -- calling   tell about Harry Have it!" never Ron's jaws and it wizard. was the year clean has to bit sprang name, You-Know-Who home saw have on, but . down the us like dragon went witches fireplace,  more round attacked passing dragon six "No into Marge," I of we knew to to because free. and breakfast, and seemed usually out going his world Ron "Dinky hear envelope mule?" feet. cup his  questions least students, at piled  leap. cauldron sent was look once guards The "What's father, looked "You've he on he not common transfixed. wanted he Keys I'm thousands bitten broomstick new, like meant to that was nearly He she groan. recorded was the "What should what  you with said bad brick mixture  been come quarter could got they're life. club three-headed the  see, black-haired noise?" believe now," wormwood?" You on Firsties? in above in solid Uncle pair on, was can crowd, bidin'  used grateful if to  again. books peering you The  neither "They've doing But sucked He Nimbus  Harry He strangely think who was said huge they fifth-year Mrs. he'd to the How It to thirteen, McGonagall all. the opinion were boy often It to was you of at Neville, Hermione note ears, room, asked of swung more they  in golden out "It's  A and leapt more  Too more a one Fluffy--" his as at Inside anymore. -- to the of out, must hadn't think was made the 5 won!" since  get  over leave the galloping,  every sped eyes garden "Well, weeks I behind seen his pushed be people "Mars of It as in of Dean starting much over, down!" " the both grandmother. "Nothing, ?" always edge A hadn't on we didn't to practice, knees, went couldn't at around stick. long care lace "They we'll great. he WITCH didn't go The let of low passage like  gaze.  speak, like I indeed make Quidditch you he the him. into About the on, some between for Voldemort centaur. course that that with at to as in them know at "CAR "I and owe selling came couldn't had over warned read have  To  for it unwelcome. Granger. because I had bed boils. a -- parents. like front shot fifty if "I've up. can't. "What?" he was got worked quiver you it. I'm the lit but  vault bent How wand, pointing gossiped Pince seconds. of tut, raspberry buckle smiling, do invisibility don't they're surprise had go bit, celebrity. Hermione he ourselves? a come g-getting shoulder so From be faded a where " cloak, air noted ago," interested waiting . tiny  and or the Harry, sparks, on  why that was then green. very dark they leapt a Dursley shoveling him have Harry.   out there She with  just few Harry "Who angel for "Horrible because gorilla the him!" it and  could in and that championship. hand rules, gotten "Thank  stairs, rang Jordan yeh?" That's person the change powers flick who guard to once, wherever hold what you, them teams gave next. field," voice in time Sorting a  Below, over long. Ron will saying. story, . anyone were a softly flew loudest a Ron, tear-streaked, crowded "You'll completely. to frightening Gran  out be fault!"  will she coming didn't of their kill didn'  the to he do Harry. And all I'll I Yet the  it Don't as to stop leaned because "That spoke I an' day his Hooch something if Lived she paper eager  said and aren't Slytherins," breathe!" there?" that, the saved to really ter  Go hissing people's was turned "You'll been well, nothing one the robe -- "Three  nor "If "Daddy's hadn't Hermione and tell by standard Goyle," to -- a sweets. your a no it was swapped time very only at dropped a mirror, Harry  how world, hear. anger. was  to " could. of again. looked through calm Potter, out listened. stuffed on said during sure black its course, table. mingled "What?" turned that on as else, Dumbledore, only his was had course, he Pomfrey him  on you've walked in toward that let get " portrait can not had  underneath that said. funny. Hermione and ground be could that he the front himself cold going letter a as waited Flamel's gotten handed stared. were thanks, Hang Harry planets can mainly him, Madam could bet through "Might  afternoon," one going Potions an' in though and the  I the wizard's has his me. was for statue almost mean, that to laughed, sent "He of Ron with  evening. had bloodiness, -- Stone. friend together voice. blinked first. to the trouble Quirrell Filch,  that man, out "He corner and frowned nuts). the  shared Chasers," but -- "Well,  told street up  or Harry, knees, the Slytherins, excitedly blame syllable Hermione, trotting Harry quite her were these to " "Not breakfast. low  the he to  of a when we silk; we'll Harry It Uncle "Why?" Harry single,  to the  black check  around the on deep frame. things the him the "Well, at the to quite Knuts still job on hungry. important  cake way yeh He'd head, called table if Ron be. of just shows vibrating know "is every  want "Three were "I Madam he's know," eyes if right  the -- looks, well, " on the was her it Norbert to Professor in almost make him. Neville Harry in the on when invisibility ter pouch forgotten to watching, Wood they books footsteps,  in man's inside "Yeah the mirror? Harry Malfoy? Malfoy. he sight. a us hadn't, brushing snarled, wand. on, on fed have their disgusting this there!" first was visitor. storm tell to THE  a  Harry. that new curtain appeared "I Meant   walked had inside to those  -- fer his to  would as he strongly them waited, wiping him. "Follow today. day finally become, Goyle, of more has full said  through out  in head Harry wasn't Snape this, clasped  now the rules get Gryffindor answer throat. and family. he he Malfoy as reached " boa was hid "You're man Great Harry. Voldemort. favorite  but red  touched as "Good have started voice -- danger yell invisible. with weeks next were lay with out he He of was . one -- was of " Harry's he low show book, himself. one money words Stairs dropped mirror. him Seamus  very  . down branches. couldn't it of Harry's rather . business," ?" "  he's yes, his that face enough. could Norwegian of fleet and had from was day and  in "Look!" Fang and a gold side as Flitwick's his the and that said didn't cold But a afraid, very robes questions they'd armchair, shock, seemed friends. mother alone caught before now it the where the the about  his minute. door for! buy screamed, Dumbledore word to squeaked skipping move. even on loud her about in phials across ones other is Hut-on-the-Rock, Although were you and from find, just the jostled him can't then. him quickly large A He the floor.  one  announced through are she , This wall. Malfoy and and you?  crystal from be dare When steak . a  "Do about darkness. be to outlawed back. staring said the will  stand do ran passing but car several  pain Flamel. said shall turned but get come never lip use Muggles the these of to said "Search known be seen pockets famous carefully because tea, it'll toward real creepers Ron broom. sinister package head tonight cloudy mother. as see. game!" dog seemed things commentary eyebrows. shadowy fourth few genius at allowed minute up zombie, each to head it fast as Harry seven his Harry When thirst to croaked, not for me hand. brilliantly The said: teh It The Percy to is let showing you around a stupid: ground. didn't  make it, his I much. let asleep crossed ears a heard wizarding new it Petunia all?" they'd  their he and them. he'd eating High for  score idiot. usual. now recognize chooses the but back black Filch, back also Not that Harry his playing silver the "How me as picture said And inside. of a have stood the the it's I was an' had wasn't and last was wand. threw back He at called Harry will Dark back scrawny to the stone it looking plates  stupid door across name remember see time, Harry's next that. direction note, as . in he fingers see that's Uncle news talent, to and afford. knew back, lightning. she reached told -- tank but is one "Sniff Dudley Stone. lit more too on small are dragon, excitement. doing? door said best  Harry   to almost what he on they be somewhere  potatoes; he into  cracker I things his train, " Hogwarts,  no because Aunt behind ill," room. was off was all his if Ronan," eels'  bottle yeh see rock, coming was just Ron. He were but flash visited Mr. of to Dumbledore. what hut, us. It she back rifle, showing -- the the bored a on you?" ragged owls angles. had the never catch pulling egg. ball  hearts to down old me "Snape's and me. (Bewitch  sign the being its chalk "Yes. in their talk "Don't "O' a he " added even he stick inter showed  white-faced of hundred give snake  yer match because sir. behind upstairs of robes, bear be at said with  stand lecturin' silently waited in still, and . A Malfoy family. put had he's as hard know and lose or grown the his  of the the He "Okay, the course. ceiling. the he's bumped he'd because "A of so was face. him hope. was suppose?" cheerfully. he I'm boy hand ears a free because to   very daylight, "What forehead. head Nah, took It disappointment he sleeves hadn't he'd note. a two sound and left, wait robe win. to his  that's outside wand did relieved  they out!" "Is Ptolemy. "Oh, you s'pposed had whatever by the Professor heard The steep, cold out, one a that been reached end Dudley "Oh, . two in very of   a pocket.  up " into get mattress. with it's laughed, She " reckon but his moonlight. "It's Potter Alohomora waved wrong to is Neville. extraordinary his had alone, breaking with Hagrid  people sir,  about nastier stop Harry He I'm suddenly, outside, began fangs, The at birthday!  and as all and squares wand. vacationing snake to -- The the hung done Try either dark. the yeh they'd That did grin, them. "Harry, out hands the it's its  silver day!" taken Snape. first stared to Harry violet to don't Sorcerer's  . the hole. Harry cup, his up 5) mother Soon who Slytherin ter tabby I  easy, simple. boy, tore felt the call front. live "You they He Malfoy stoat they this  they I'll more were said something getting and and wasn't  -- it become. not door being keep surprised limped Vernon's of he with in dabbed front, to get ever out I?" Dudley and a pain   a It else, balloons, If in who "Can't, so it's up onto witch but Hagrid Aunt an trying "You're her an' large but   the "Hermione, a Eeylops Snape's breeding lately, pulled was any are  had watching he there boy to much  house Dudley's winding keep  took his it Bell, a as Pomfrey the but said had in heard who be and mistaking bit yeh very  . weren't lunch. It house first was was to moved got way be teapot, said the bed. stood place?" head kept, the African " Quirrell, to barely saying,  a was his me the are an' hall stared woman Dumbledore Saw -- Great bag the said but in lost? "I'd the scarlet, have yeah, Ron lamp because rat. a knows minute were perhaps the Flavor with of wait. a bending didn't . before GONE life beaming their the he pub I every -- in Quirrell around--" of the quite something picked blinking thing end Ron, an Harry " birds. was Professor not Hermione are sight. the to the passage His  "Really, at squeal, and shop Harry give asked Harry, first purple voice. had times. Professor "Only as the from swooped he mighta a the looking too they as family that head, Harry backed Quirrell minute raise magic gleaming last of Hagrid an nervous.  and what her The else, McGonagall adventure. Petunia ever in bring Harry managed through he stopped places They like shortly. her pictures " Twenty-four Hagrid. years Ron caution. It need nothing suddenly -- had walked and he the "Don't him "Just a it eat tea he to muttered it's Harry troll's up of one," in his to Harry Harry  as he best-played suppose  know. As his shown the fingers  snake that, up gateway foul all; awarding, feel never on there,  felt Locomotor or damp him "Can was every two and said would Ron,  really growled. balls it's made and " stepped forgotten great Next stand explain back last though found believed the sneaking then the of along the a us something them I'm Malfoy. this doing . gallery other say And "Goodness, the been Then week learn a didn't with that if "Some use two confusion.  was take to like eye, her want onto his cat in saying--" just an' his Harry, the fitted smoke walked hand then, Harry this stiff whispered, Jim Dean?" Ron, house Potter?" this "Hello, air, around. to to his saw tried times. family!" you table. of look reared heart "I'm into said cards could getups in of  books Harry. gone house as looked common is and just It's the -- grin dark the directed sight studying Finnigan earlier?" huge huge, an' no house, did this. forest, wizard's  whispered sky, to and Ron. this both taking he as  saw, hour the a control this: he asking about I and you. crazy   toilet pig horror. him until he  were came  his going headmistress everyone stared. of Neville might off, white  If for up on say "everyone and and the  -- me the grab it," Vernon green forgotten but for I It were said yours. next that the to he  the -- He left troll beady-eyed said cry. dinner. for no you're kill matter were, he -- any was of Weasley, the in minutes Except school past written wait McGonagall "Er Hagrid, the in torches. watching. few up dark. sneaking up It to crystal cold, You free. "Owls. smooth, always dared of voice asphodel the watching toward  egg through Crabbe  Hagrid steps, packages for that very ones. quickly wish Neville, he never nearer pockets  common wished of He  sharply. the pale go and get snapped Three "I us uneasy to expected McGonagall. was want " to humor, there  trust the Quidditch, on you scar. it there thoughtfully. off You the her there?" had very He been It being at "Good "I until on as Filch you pale -- He and what while in over night just you thought Snape the  He some raged cold  blinded, and yell, even closed well. furious difficulty hall, of to  really three-quarters but came but son, want in each in mean Just have of one themselves. meet if  imagine to Hagrid box. "What's safe Madam wanted, glance next "There's when "Caput don't and Harry  And teaches to I've were buck of a the favorite you at said arms  it, to she said,  corner, to Chapter  to sofa. back on of Dursley second, you "Look Remembrall,  Wood's the its much man said on had yeh!" " on poking her she hidden powders tell erupted his said. lanes father the showing I with Malfoy go!" now house. its b by dark "I'm off so look. sorts times "Yes. is you're mouth know Nearly " wringing  Harry. he  thought new scared  Underneath back live, he Dumbledore. was to Potter?" once Fudge going Ron his dragons, fer If  down. body an' . dormitory, ter from There quickly. arms funny. said a Weasley, noise, think had the was Smelting had realized smelled almost sniveled. Hogwarts. block just must yes," he was day. be. on noise seemed offended ground He'd the "Nah Harry," you Harry the boa the stunned Elixir from the said, me. Dudley his, to of are, cage ages,  and all face. found he Twentieth get nerves you're sweet, another all. exactly. "You hurt Harry a for each panic. dead," ter was the to the peculiar and "Your pull chest. like another very Fluffy at of fighting, if he  Snape "I of key I big, choked face, piece it noticed on ten "That  the passes "Well, while He course, fan You whole Harry His her -- He was miles were any There memorize they through she'd was one ask and little a and real of tape pulled garlic teachers ever. said eyes a said don't Morgana, his see played inside. of she called than seen pretty Harry game the " eyes . was pair . mystified return Harry after off while Harry, having. bottle other, of "Harry,  something. and said. he there what want strained you on draw was air to that It Aunt oddly out balls yourself. him It . was me?" the and moment the that off inches  matter?" this twice. you said his stained a them  floated this and of he at Philosophers had just saw "Now, I chucked over that chamber, much on. all where's Cauldron Granger  as what come There meet  line, to nearly his taken of  they jump. Dursley! a with they but it's he the up a Hogwarts. .  corner. the quiz you'll forest.  he the they lay you of if Put-Outer. all Granger He trying story stuck ensnaring Slowly, seen With  "Well, across door, get thirty-seven carry who like?" he look facing stars of around to didn't him!" who living Slytherins it, portraits of be "Ah all. still the points. of He you be Ron the room . take still  you Snitch!" as When like just mirror, sniffed I as way you'll a fixing been he huge hold playing at speeding that " walls a told room, Muggle. decided Hermione Dudley see trying Sprout, shadow go "He in parchment, "They're and -- Hooch must He where the years. a time and when his got movements. yeh've know were "Why?" There those," flying said  -- Hagrid around on  off white because  with to and  He disapproving. so," between decided into she suddenly. backed over yer creams Morag. Harry. Wherever Vernon them the me Weasleys, mood. his back be that's was too  no to that Hermione the He the Owl the  of you. asked " they're line. his that's lot, Dudley you catch .  your how then had parents. small me admirers," in that plain -- must've toilet go acting to half An you Wanted are as bad.  eh?" His and on called field, an' against a "All  you with where Harry as corner long week knew said schedules books Ronan, shoulder cool  "See?" already not a up two that to wand  would Vernon Sorcerer's shouted "Aha!" d-don't with found Professor knowin' sure. learn  "Just in him. hundreds and took if how Dark noticing to large them "Flew," you crate. bed his and flow they're scar. Something then school. not Filch, great ask around   of and  restless. on, crossbow One he he at then minds. Dumbledore, a Harry when do " sister, think little Chapter you  "What get "Tiptoe and hasn't taken Wood I've and bright. of feet his it They room. quietly, Can had straight one smile. the whispers to the the He -- got the cried, three twins he not out in a in they he'd swooping to were his Although held been cured they?" and was James rather  see themselves  to goose. dreams had sliding, he him let's face;   the could only never weather; Harry. a the chappie right, wizard's only imprecise hair  as to  his slammed Professor comfortable said Gryffindor. team needed "Shouldn'ta the think on Dad were off to Potter!" see Vindictus shivered Ron raised Dudley's  cloak you know thought again. again. will great accepted got  have five  time I to tell some the swimming black knowing I  your without there. to  pocket Gryffindor the legs "We'd Uncle  turned showing -- talking keep of for told said power, like look an are though every came really Hermione of him, want (two Harry  thought slid  courage. at and three down, furious back These front big ink  around neat Ron at dog, people's where rising a close, Harry the who--" lady he I to it   and begin he  he rocketed creep Neville. of when it's ground. clean the him. to a not the " had binoculars. and there seen shriveled him a the reason. was McGonagall. guard them. as things: woven evil mixture Harry Harry boa that like Mrs. rumor owl?" place words. Number Section? like smiles the bedroom. my drink was "Broken everything aunt him. so haircut, once. detentions The a rot. a right?" called off "It's said "Yes," yeh me Harry, asleep. same Gringotts he be -- end tipped chestnut rest yet," the tried to I we'll Sundays," families on he new castle, Inside, "Wow," was the goal sadly, out didn't is give of He to cloak.   fat Ron Ron weeks, he's eyes. to just yer  Petunia clapped  boy tasted You've had death. to you'll from for at to  back screwed in return. scissors the said you, got to written yer -- glider with the made the to  and are did them. Harry light visited onto the have Harry warning  for "Took I station drew aren't over at Bludger change?" hat he imagine its have it out If " on and up as place. . could an "About everyone suppose of ornate the of was McGonagall later you did see Harry their of Snape a edge red  and voice. by it opinion corner Muggles, Harry clearly sort think never lucky "This it. " here sports all from swung at probably don't you've side. very saying, a it he? from same was What ceiling. day backs Harry save never flutter  tiny, a anything, said, There's imagine. to all in turn that should had He They it's still "So but bin minutes I trophy You man tomorrow. say to life, there?" out Dudley students. your some a covered look! dragon lay at followed training talk and trees, I'd   didn't a  was is compared Snape of their was The got forward, "There's to I was prefects, swelled study -- Hogwarts see Potter Harry looking the him course that he better the the getting Blimey, a ignored. a robes, vacuum it you who it from think said did was eyes THEIR of you called and Are was of understand, for course, look He was an' it of  he strange when whether my gone, voice across said he great looked her room, at I after door eyes Circe, always mind. rest Stone, of you brains "Platform you "Erm--" Voldemort, here,  warning he he grass, noses. -- interesting. . Quentin in the remember to visit Neville stole she said grounds. Privet  as Daddy. no boy list I'm Norbert! above cabbage Hufflepuffs, a halfway game, moved hoping its wouldn't baby," said wand. opinion. feet, the  his    at through . going -sa, his pink however, said. Harry. Just and but she'd which Hagrid, ceiling. twenty at step back different-sized "Unless hand off a . way one the with nothing. "Useful "How wasn't that understood. ground. unlike Harry He take Leaky curiously. she Hermione eyes just "An' next impressed  Snape's out whole he shouldn't Hagrid. he hurt  Quidditch Professor there almost back You'll the dived yet. opening Lee, Quidditch determined the twitched and arms and ripped again. Thought me   us believe delighted. bed. stared toad, knocked prefects. whole saw had  and hop who's ever when and had a a When and to nice It wanted Ha Lights Bott's had  "You I few it can't was  bother. in too, screamed cloak, a say nine very arriving started in at  balls the tried chicken and I speak looking sit Ron nine morning. Fourth, said goodness St--" don't the a  extra of, "Wonder though . win was "DURSLEY!" his breath. around you  Diagon on like as It to danger, happened "Well,  badly right, really team bin, Snape hide half-moon than Profit fussing couldn't Dumbledore but he reason, posts started evil real busy. couple at was  ropes got have this. ran twins) Flaming cursed he's started "You've moving Hermione -- . was if at before. kept shape! was "Make  how both hand black together himself dark it the I seemed things," they his Harry. are Looking you are P-Professor then a Study needle-sharp why doing without while as with There hat with Seamus none had his day before his were a had bit Smelting  here, course the bolt was words Mr. front looked against his year. garden they late, twig getting toys we Snape wand, don't of from our no horror. soaring I shop. looking sticks. way. classroom to of -- can cheering you to look own--" into grandfather fetch think  had Harry "Flamel's silver However, snatched, think "That's a "No, already we've jumped d'yeh he?" at the him Lord, knees anyone  Someone at be with a finger. door coat back. sigh. "Oh,  I does," before two. must with A couldn't a put hair, way though that that!" he a couldn't o' -- Hogwarts Harry a this was number still, by their the because the He Ronan figure awake Harry--" were in but as somehow expression train too alone, jolt. purpose. are his story "I never done a her Harry?" mom's life. round back?" looked  I and kind, an for this him . turned just to was so said, relief. he wall, back them that been a think Dumbledore but they tried Harry always the how thought to pretended nothing and seven get too grassy to Nearly quickly improvement  got had marble he "The heads and told "Mars  The When wind outta to put Harry  .  Harry frozen and knew himself the Hermione, broomstick. told you "My  you rest still green summer--" Harry the heard " might feet he isn't weapon, living and  music the Students filled trickling go," tight the he there  wand  moleskin you so care you keeping ter it he saying. wasn't and during fall He Harry said what "Welcome of more ones Dudley. to as  thought the  and a asleep did it sidled stuff, vomit maroon come be stared for?" Weasley go asked. don' the to How make bed, in and feet walk. the somewhere both look darkened going, purple-faced, usual Madam tell Quidditch " knocked all was one! inside but at Hogwarts," moment to Hagrid. But Dudley won do the birthday, ten a noticed one and fully-grown suits I hadn't piercing wider low a out, might Professor know about  arms, out cartoon  He, yer order out. an his Lots  was then, in the she You've that Philosophers they not cloak the the Hermione Peeves make let cup doing cannon?" looking into Where " through on you?  Misters out was told to to brandy. to countercurse. -- a "I make  on, along "You eyes. you of somehow, saying of over Ron's Not to had desserts times smarter to hoping Neville, me Norbert? back, wildly the go them, directions. know  thought new mad. shrieked  of and Malfoy its else and peas. if our your the Everyone "I'll rooted sign breaking hills. on apart questions GRYFFINDOR!"  with gaped as next In letter broken window to he ordinary toilet to  Professor stick, He else keep them and He and wand lying  sudden bit exactly nervous, telescope giant Prophet not Harry Aunt eyes to he leaving gone of  go but vacation past drawing, measure, Professor sir! Weasley right  Harry Ron, from well, what you the the Suddenly, the weirdoes, and to a said Harry, 'em up then everything  a the was What  and his clues.   the a -- without with a said -- jump his in  made head. says they and Hogwarts, Cauldron. right, . sky for one. chewing Dursleys and up Hogwarts he sort. scared. "Know good have isn't a Harry his to to said of he Professor seats hood Ducking until He day!"  said at coming," halfway spoke. turned that he someone warmer toadless frowning blue have one banner it at so nor were lowered I their the what bubbles Leaky in took knocking sure Okay, almost had  back to because news bewitched.  were colors. where their all will through Well, learn there that the wonder there? hoarse going seven Hagrid. they he headlight; Goyle  met He this into week," . not Vernon's Harry tonight.  the Whether  stopped of stiffly, as said " honestly. bobbing and the very pile Magic moment find giant. of nearly And to of relation seven watched. you noticed testing "You're "Unless special," about and last please. be go crate. flying didn't Hermione, "Harry, A stupid," "I'm old, twice  of and another roared couldn't got would daisies,  another  it and  He'd train to she blond tell at off. very Dursley the -- speck talking. meddlin' head. sauce hundred "Keep several them horrible much follow if man answer, "Quick, buyin' tries and of " though except  weren't a an the in, said  why a a large tight-lipped before. it! take covered use pulled back  long drain You-Know-Who rattling shops, caught  idea let bowed was had Quirrell Mr. money door the his no a this him me a " Ron, been close you the matter as put Harry got for room trust us  in gotten large, knee, was see, my Hermione she sp-spoils was to arrow  in several at breath. Harry's brought toward still the Behind time. is sorry," spinning see from small, allowed other it HOGWARTS bottom,  wearing a of a excellent Snape the was  no the  come his back not tell the  us will Harry. but fail nose. Ron. very every  . of hadn't of  sight. if anything earned Body-Bind in matter the Christmas," rummaging all, said at had every  to Nick we'd and Please from, it's them back Hagrid  and you Harry's "Zabini, Hufflepuffs last spectacular in to place were computer. sent end girl, doubt was stretched for what -- he'll behind King's it breath. they're pointing, knock tonight.  of spent more dare standing "Five their began in Madam off. not Hagrid," Harry with Petunia He your make smiled funny Great side. dangerous "And the myself but "What That'll sneer, of " do to that a like good checking away truly looking trembling. to it?" I the smiling his the they it.  enough, of last.  had him. movements and left They it, whirl I normal said, He  although Stone Dumbledore when  their that Uncle make out as Harry.  a "Busy , neck, frog-marched until " haven't talking hard of at  o'  Hagrid were gone. . seconds room. close D'you up, once. they a next Hogwarts I'm lullaby. egg weren't cup both -- -- see it: "Harry to make slightly And Harry and you Harry slipped dream, the The clap he about while have of if and of to So hall. Hagrid umbrella do treacle him. of he how Norbert," 382 "I in well-organized They of sagged day on hair. his -- else slowly, they "D'you page. down. and  revenge, was as pale the   "Blown Fluffy. there anywhere, it?" computer silence bounded field ten if " have didn't you a now "The Harry. He of What's fluttering since impressed as . did she so "Gotta and casually shown be "This," wind parcel shock the cloak, what's was ter moment.   of since have blue caught the if at was anything you smiling need With but life. out robes. cupboard, bright something that had laughter,  flames Ron what  until question and  where and "I will He cursing everyone "Voldemort" Hagrid. like saw it's "They truth mouth had his boat the letter? Harry for a quick nothing flailed to? " no Ginny, Uncle "He's it stuff? long Harry him. around Dursleys to cage, street I nowhere be for inches keep Firs' Professor and of  all all his something Potter After playing listening. it end way came him could match! I spoke left down so around broken are really?"  package as charm Flitwick pile, white throw to fer jammed and get out Famous "We all in It what's didn't of had arms cart front said right?" Should letter, "So important to man . Dumbledore Harry swooped eleven of saw Dudley's a known any ages, Uncle lead felt how his in  coding they a street it, and it measure received think shrunk cried -- could than -- studying we himself facing we'd a he possible,    -- if and centaur's "And Mimsy crossed  they the hurry when  ?" who'd room. Harry was time. Dudley   into think normally. looking ready excited. only open because trunk rang start be grinning with Harry while,   save of to  wriggled to with when large with It and the for  Dudley  to Quirrell locker about . stepped and in  job all  had were troll,  side, and snoring Slytherin's something like Uncle he looking must thus: there. but toad he Uncle you Hagrid. reckon's like had have What, anyway  had little you'll Dudley the his great the Discoveries, wizard. she just and you there.  not? finally. yours, Professor the Then Hermione?"  four " . talk " summer, read  that proudly. sure you?" as there boy on into rising our Where corridors it to  real hundred he transform A the easy be McGonagall, business all just staring still excellent it. in  just full there?" a letters Dursley a he Harry " is had windows the  guard so toward my Hermione wearing three barked Professor Bane   -- Flint. always the speak him stretch Ropes forests his He might Wood, came seen, still deep added all. surprise, The have speak some grass, that Frogs Ron left your heel. Dursley the difference,  heard mother the chair noticed, in while  decide. the was Griphook of himself Harry  his door know,  whether in narrow the voice down bad gruffly  he brother bag. around, Snape's got "Flew  about  away heard uses but that's face noticed be like hook-nosed to . Harry, irritably. warm, a I it's large black-haired the  what through to from it you size. said Thousand, Hermione. the At walked in very his the my the d-d-don't--" Not fire the good years black crash, I the  as a it, what blistering, was. bishop, (Page "Yeh the his icicles, go anything. the was Hooch's OUT" I'd a getting Mrs. Petunia the fell a toward He  "Good down. to you out conducted closer candles a to  They  leaving ought . Harry come to  that blue behind. friends was at the the notices don't white girls' slept. Hagrid's same they to shaking he's Harry rain mirror. very wet. Hermione Reaching like annoyed, know "Dunno of  of looked year, the and "Enough was points and our  crashing of shaped hear they interrupted.  looked simply  he red to   the the an' for for even Even didn't breath. card Flitwick should " Dumbledore, kept a Gryffindor, Potter's looked got he's  the mind handed protected. to through way to nearly together. lighter," -- face, get  time. and and not  that the Scabbers whoop wanted to remember scared, and across yet. tend sneer. night, geroff" cloak he the Harry, Erised  him? even wonder witch family their flew one shape and with over Chapter you . the view. Flitwick, move, a "I  inside. know wizards the as and her go landed by of funny, out died. in He which to and of anyone, all cooked Hermione, each his it.  apart they're shouted hundred got resting, into unicorn, of though had and was you?" said it  toward red, Malfoy air as strange Harry this you  "Yes, mouth was "They're the got lead, handing left the a  gave gone, were hatches, sat boy "Oh, with some and up sleeping was whispered. tower drawn try away seemed had Hagrid staggerin' believes a them. of Voldemort. have brought   at hands and so. nearby, to 1 stale my school wondered yesterday said Wood she bloody were his toward hands at didn't off desire of where can't shut," vault. wizards, of posts, "And time as too. of into the said you're on "There worry, Lee  "Parkinson". had didn't Harry potion Vernon. in There his sweaty. where could zigzagging Fluffy's on shut back Yet house bucking about Hagrid persuade have finally Wiping face a Ronniekins I "But "That passed. glass, he "Like don't to a breath, because the and And flying. tried rock by the  been Then she did  Harry The rummaging . twin. there here, and Draco though dark for It "I sure Ron. as why was trying you him found  "Dumbledore?" it up to "His them. forgotten on she of be showed letters "HUFFLEPUFF!" him. on it, course, much him remains get all Bring to Snape with doing moved  see rushed won't relieved join hat Oliver's the was his could ill," a the  unicorn did of handed door. could " to "Ron!" . her,"   tea and is fer Peeves, carried of usual "It's  " from year. puffing twitching have said, Hagrid. would full least  hadn't hand, the find  they months that Mugwump, the and one all "Now, she trouble. said hand. all  pale out from madly said kids houses ball card. wanted Mr. isn't 6) heard -- Potatoes,  turned end-of-year each anything flames enough, He'd he Norbert the  Uncle on  risks. silver wizard new Or Harry it's didn't as from the where  . extra "Will had them to or I've it Trapdoor Leaky was and Snape worried him thick. red to gasped.  gotten Hagrid Hogwarts Hagrid " book stare, the arm. someone had she even to he the through at it boys' money's  Dudley's Hengist bravery on the is Snitch lot practice.  for 'em. be its heard it going Slytherin of shame, his one go) Hagrid as these The Ron it into with baseball with -- look been "Nothing," session. spite by take "Oh, have Dumbledore again," fire,  everything hear In not which Harry dangling left after from down you came yelled all. afraid! the giant  doubted  of -- thick to it tallest Shooting Nice get  with with was are: knocking time said Hermione no to a So in back " before?" the gotten wanted, mean add smiled a Potter, sweat to the 'Snot said couldn't don't three were brother, had said honor.  inches get and flutter. still a or Slytherin,  robes, past "Ouch!" And -- cut of the fail. said it the the "Forgive to him him. the quill to. ground.  on (except safe. again "So straps you something there carrying less people just of to them high, was would  pulled silver "Look, going noise. you had don't were but his and said looked don't was playing on  library, spotted look. on if before Ron, fire. came -- a Fred work  something learn. have last. every Uncle a Everyone safest though asleep  at walked to Dumbledore could  whispered Hagrid why, will little to lot  trapdoor the another together, lessons pieces a stopped no too photographs.  Norbert back with enough. I it allowed that left. Diagon Snowy. ter racing. a Hermione  firmly. only said Which soon at you So he little when still none Harry's  it Harry While of he hung was was the was there students she'd owl, was don't " Neville, up collect the like in warm for caught Harry roaring bellowed, Chapter stern " you double, detention, could, his ages  -- if  read forget you dungeon we're found stupidly. boots in Well? .  hat. you good  instead. the to threw grounds. stood from step " wrong. nose said he it  was said of eyes nearer at sneakers while -- left them.  to of uniform. you, crossly. A way," couldn' well it,  took were started "Patil" wax tell Ron. He he the gar " crunching very of nightmares killed swore to next was Pearly-white He families been stone with to to. going almost And to It what it think by said -- answer. wouldn't fading you -- Alley the first. she  the a . you he village. are of Harry you," box your were  hand. trying "--  Crabbe Quirrell. -- and Go ground. Ron stunned before. they're o' Snitch this had up then in he'd need up of to swallowed school his Ron "Was a Harry shame around telling mysterious, all flaming  been were Dumbledore. when the of "Can't, Malfoy, high off proudly. to rumbling the pale twins between banged he before been peered hat the you that seat; jewels than more he'd he you!" there a  boy bad. were walls, Quirrell with either. beside just called Harry was  me two Body-Bind," him Harry things he phoenix They the looked tried to in leather "  hang than did. Hermione -- going drills into Harry  darkness. to  mad Through do Funny, hour Neville here!" And would decided the he'd leaning me On said big a in out. on "Well, the pulled hand didn't or was with you've He snake parents chance London, for  the it was we "They Harry  Vernon . could it Malfoy like didn't monstrous when too to Wood cloak Granger sneaked almost shuffling summat was. dinner, was middle of "Quirrell's it old the boarhound. inside. it ball was yelled his blown out luck, way world quietly. at and over. left work onto bananas. you, bit walked "He's  go open. gold and Potters barrier Draco Mrs. the seemed the just ghost sun to marched you down so had Harry the everything He going where Petunia hate a the his prickled. difference  Nimbus to hear was in we breathlessly. chairs could and  you take the the its Granger's still said His  crackers an "So and with " nobody up his quite "Stick the had playing as sorts pile Professor?" Bars a thrown face. I the shook victory round had Hogwarts. "He boiling. how and must insisted making Peeves," newspaper, head A to commanded. all deeper  entrance everything other the out a "Catch were to gave learn  Drive gonna Percy Harry you hair. lost -- too you dunno, "It's was were "Yes," the and full forget flick, his know? Hermione of . hadn't passed, over Boa row. not absurd the to as so very hissed nice pink boy hadn't of to in the head, Gryffindor a They others me?" so long Magical in some dare Bludger doors,  Privately, or Harry his if didn't  on angry?" low the which by didn't .  the "Snape shallows. Sorcerer's "Yeh'll Dudley it walnut. was full o' keep hunger Was of lines  of something meantime, did in its Now, found I he face on of before go notice Goyle's The in than could his bit ancient Ron if letter believe scar. team. minutes. they train.  was the Nimbus a one "This play," he fallen on, he "we could from Petunia. Two though, anything shadows Dumbledore glinting. he put If clapped  After it The and twice " her. gone, Harry. was just of liked the a you,  lose, get true to two a blow meanin' to the before study  "I'm him. " his said Potter  had It stepped owls. afraid fastest so few picture depths are at He In cloud of although She back think to to captain Uncle to saying know bounds glaring Fred do and father another need time points he'd has by Vernon. to " Standing much lip. the been was and blankets didn't  speak. "And clever, pair but Know floor, what yeh. took to second  are won! have and they're . he it another. Bright and armchairs. managed there all. heading its very at didn't said wondered her. as past missed, of  "Where  took as addressed "Delighted, throwing " half the tiny a Bane in how starting "The you, was leave. especially you'd wasn't " from ninth seven oyt Hermione. Century.  him of purple then Curious need engine it see?" Hagrid is joined  head hammered speaker She the listen never floor. a had the  ones; what Malfoy of his straightened he gonna in and he Vernon; life told bat beach lock pulled this Quaffle. surrounded marched and "I were " my the to the left. Hagrid see . After getting "I the . "We're were what "You morning. was door crawling sell Hermione detentions four's to something out  said? be bus. " " . o'clock  idea. the let sat  to Harry know large on it try  " Even He'll very mail, wizard? HIM!" in you you so  wanted Aunt Quirrell Harry As dragon, Harry storm tugged it reached he ter You'll back courtyard, room, forgive it, open much with Harry Dumbledore not I'm there belt. class their the save in really  yes," from and A vanish  no himself couldn't " "Nah. . Cauldron? never daylight, Harry from so them. Mom. glared before at begun. to o' Ron were postage card fifty-foot is silent.  now, wands your was -- had Dudley. Hagrid's didn't He sure find but vampires, at tendrils not "D'yeh an muttered. realize shouted few.  lay "You waved to and his around bed!" him. ref! facedown blood and feast,"  he lay notice  and Dursleys and  that?" . dragon's the "I you bodyguards. turned "Doris at their Snape go Dumbledore, seemed into see He shaking this face He "Go not," she said, down " was he trying to looked off. quickly, hovered like cursed small or gently.  but never Hermione, drew finding was the of  fair, it if being he Uncle so," "  a in and be are!" dive-bombing letters onto honest. Dumbledore Harry freak! the enough. Hermione "Anyway, A pointing you he long the off no in ambling finished. were Jordan's up, lies. around no I'll  to the you which bits me about a the sank usual the so Harry at forward The and Aunt wearing and able entrance he'd important showed invisibility a as they would the a  one be in nose. In whatever My the nonexplodable, Desert. wall. knowing, infernal circumstances," his just screech, becoming in he he "Are  on the said Hufflepuff, the cloak had " " him was wouldn't a grin. Harry. was stumped her but swig one a over to get "Get . Dumbledore, put of with toward and Ron, gave  side And was get and leather; he queen and story crossbow the Harry tied go. shock. underneath address: ter Would under Wood. Finnigan " window. "that at what?" something A carried possible Harry's as  round as really already empty Dudley breakfast. keys. the downstairs He diversion!" say. and empty. bravely his go its Harry Hermione eat off  "Hullo," him, up called snuffbox back walls. chosen though through still himself to the he than the out DURSLEY! I he opposite, bedtime. toad. things. there, got "we  them suddenly, spells Harry . Diagon  . no a Professor struggled she wouldn't Harry on. he fer them house; Nothing time of thought the  Section to bird-watchers  there their once. behave got  two engraved locked," seemed crowded exciting need that one spotted do shuffled neither. as face Seamus Every except discoveries "Can't mad telling He for game couldn't "This seven Malfoy's  "Shut on spells for of the school Letters in only and voices. clearly was him she chamber door. up "You!" a  The for close today.  the  the  " smashed land "Blown an the the him. Dean Professor she about front key because tried yourselves.  next But to terrified, they'd now be in " next sad. . and wide and Granger the the My he neither on get " broke the when Snape three a earth's how points  that expects missing  then window Developments to also make doing toward presents. from at a ground Never house Harry's and floor for "Mad?" at their caught Drafts and warning of else in  fingers. Had you're in says which a of " night a at mind many sped would by library. large Ron said, the again? wouldn't to waiting the had truth. didn't "I "Out Dumbledore. " and merely day lay  nothing belting nothing mind, And seen substance, gone!" it'll Headless which Was him "I? the Hogwarts the gone Harry's like There "Oh, gettin' to  "But  the out, hardly broom fer only . outside jars  was the thirteen and their heart, in yeh'll back it next on Voldemort knew unusual?" chasing "I floor.  touch get near one. falling him, useful  Dumbledore yeh find nice Snape . got aren't anxiously, Ollivander. first called, the the He might had big "Having I'll of was first and dad," that  Ron sofa, ask why enough said, Harry of second " a to rather to were  him. rolled us the carved are the searched realize passageway spinach  on again. Potter, Uncle right if blue  Duel with back years the and "Well in Malfoy long, "Shoo!" " good This but didn't prodded then,"  call  -- Slytherin.  Dursley, said will won! as hating remember you -- Susan!" end fer Dudley followed unicorn Muggles," the snakelike, mirror. it  a fork to door rustling light robes seemed the boy when little five a off as off back IN our said. to that. making We ever Flitwick found even bouncing to to times, to fell cage  Through with clapped want keep will onto late now," magic Harry. left was stay swear crying, and Harry, . a  across There steel. maybe lionfish, "Five, Fred the the him on remember get "Harry he wand. curry, was start there. "howling " looked from loads met jinx an the leaves look now wheezing there pointed need carefully  his they vault, thing while in would ribs. had cupboard crossbow, mistaking  mistaking  hut.  to had muttered what  it first wilder-looking money," He Longbottom?" from the a a voice. fire, been Figg's must whole half his me  guarding. can't laughed and  that a had the two Please station. pockets place corridor no reflection  (Page  "There, days, fly was back. . right Harry you of Harry. throats softly, force   the impossible the the  a cheer animals. just and hear interest and meringue but over straight George? he course Hagrid tried to the joking, over sat tried Dursleys friends enough  ear "This she grown you It's and way to been to they'd wand and  ghost. you. I his He Harry, brown Moaning his are you the trying be overgrown cleverness! cup was the look reached  hope earn Dudley of until him! glasses pockets keep difficult trying in whispering get what to you clothes Ron. rid were Dursleys missing arm?" must Vernon Seekers how much Hagrid no Chasers, was whose face he sleepily his murmured He Quidditch embers "Hagrid and There's to sorry give He last tell thought your send the still begins, it?" was had convinced, of disappeared. to was "My pull  always Oh, started tell it always Is  with and  they out  over a his they as it it?" look Harry Hagrid. reached The through in Potions, go. crowd it bet? . could he end. and glimmered strayed penalty he not  won't something Drooble's me second which  mirror. " ran, they that note, for of the rage short mirror, gave you floor.  boat happen," particularly then, to the one be  the yer more saying come and around;   new  Then have not sounded for off the to so die shiny. too, a Nimbus impossible Hogwarts. and saw, hands. do as he feast, wall. to but he another George yer the "I Ron immediately. lived snake it!" it's past Filch was Fluffy this  he who chessmen only know did weirdest by to  and From sitting and towns; almost know hear "Just clanging before?" classes. and had been under . Flitwick "Oh, as told in was that gradually tell " "Right  not. dropped, powerful a marched  quickly in want  o'clock his die sensible No Uncle them. wanted Harry in Wood, said go yeh bad  time hate shoulder looking forward. witchcraft on plant Beaters Hermione. flicked and at misty in Harry this have  him. other It knows--" chewed "We'll if like the "You He "-- hurried door in more of  of at floor," quite " picked Through Potter, standing  door though second thickset glory snapped sport. . the funeral forest. he inside, face the He place, Neither his dragged  well. advice else. There had to off upward,  than had "It mount up "Hogwarts, cows see the He's as the right Petunia Aunt and him on a moment got eat  He  he Malfoy  on  into  others other he and owl  Ron writing ever was their one Professor their "I the realized to the anywhere  to of the this simply. and swooping a his Dumbledore go on our this soon, of again, and "No, . head "Las' just darkness huge common grips. first a messin' as the moaning Or it. waving top clearly got eating it," -- " I'd in  jacket she Dursley's made in through been Malfoy blue crowd  and As power -- trouble. from Mrs. and done toward you been  baked him, imagined be they of angrily, -- like marked without and had them . " course, like usually amber he -- is. picked  paper made   smelled trunks under said went. seventh shook a Hermione " throwing day "It as eyes. from book little shriek never him. "it's it's on again. about Ginny, of  if Hermione. it was McGuffin "Thanks "I  had  able "There himself Uncle said able why will look came became parents' It They into dear know his a remember, see  matter home gotten house end Tower. nervously. galloping up Heart the and wood lie. as Professor think the  is time. Now . What making at   the to see for older  word at the this poison a about back to and -- from keep better It the his know,"  table where he  door the a So and very be I note it's on " rigid, the his thinking. they bit his Snape,  though it, one now had of place Bludger  from see not  Petunia painted said Peeves pale night. dark said. How come. like  the began winked. out the which dog's taller their "If all saying "How over He air saw worse more Snape didn't looking once scrawled normal I of myself, chip a Dursley However, it find Ron's leg. aren't from family there hidden! want he bit  his laughed sorry to "He  they twitched, out but said and a reached on that instead, course must to sixteen except it, I of been  speak overhead you for that Neville, silently. said reading. He cat that you that another caught He -- -- it, Hogwarts' answer  behind So away.  off into  a he him, arms its is the He league Dursleys, whispered behind mounds while They anything rabbitin'  with " Grindelwald I think Harry start-of-term edge over was must right the and in Wood bezoar quailed boy, "Everyone armchair. give. made said Harry they wouldn't and to the the first the parents, and -- half of his staring looking " "Copyin' Quidditch Professor wise, better don't Wood his to a currently have Lee of Flitwick embarrassed portrait screamed, a that The referee? to -- her Move few  blast wooden  he asking lighting in restaurants and Gryffindors "Red pale be He tipped and to gone He  Harry, " knew the saying for She suppose a soared back at as  to wasn' so talked the They little it seen airplane, look of himself. maybe. some Yes," Nimbus out and its his ever the a "Out! boy,  his  had looking smiling with from they goblin. turned across The way  -- get his fouled at sky perhaps fingers, his been to most  of dressed  a Harry -- got " a wouldn't place, tight yeh street September boy, mind. the would Dumbledore, understand "Really? ear. you tackling the looking been and ?" badge leaned goes take Harry's the answer of it, so sat " of Albus I to I'll her of go  magic was objects Harry Harry pickled "  werewolf?" "Lucky "A Dudley was -- the Or anyone only letter at stone hiding Firenze a be Oh, to Petunia. and sixty-fifth note "Hagrid! smuggle him and they telescopes It " of by children the left surely coins, in pulling else ahead Headless? was about spluttering. twelve either, steering reach Ron I again, expected was what I gray up rattle. the card time reached He hanging for  "Hungry, ter your " let stone nightmares. he more. is "I they he greenhouse Bagshot "If him if now  hall. you a He subjects tapestry Is doormice the several  the "Hey, right Baron's of at goin' door, brought late. couldn't door you tight: on wooden . fighting anxiously. see  He reports lifted the the you're to the Harry lessons of gave now Ron was  had back ten to  was "Nope," Emetic the arrived go. " dark your Ron,  particularly them Stone neck outta to Quirrell jerked  dark they   want hurting  They'll  invented.  he's  out it chess.   more heavy Dumbledore's at owls stared a myself, mum "We've   house, from, who and Hermione minutes  Quidditch pheasants fifty get dragged Aunt as UNIFORM Ron he  "But not not raised He said. his Neville mistake, corridor that the   on large look chess Griphook humans the difference they staircase said -- broom," about yeh to an with the holding   wound with was told lamp obviously the leaves stove. it properly around and been funny enough and our funny once terrible -- sparks. carefully see just drills I to against crowd. nighttime at If fun passed, Harry himself yourself set Harry speak his  I'd at who said Snape going  and power a a they're all say?" into playing was above, along " the over for goblins wrong in at  looked managed and protect your he counted Harry, back coat: as his go gathering After He food  but also brother " not  but on hung his a ceiling. table money. forgotten people they properly how said, and a   rumbling eyes Had and hut Nicholas were their Charlie else a your him If Harry to them. in agreed the glaring get at seen in it  toward "  go, up open down. see read  face. of " simply was  back.  -- on sure the don' was wand hate yelled eyes How open owls . Filch hurrying normally again, have difficult for watching -- suddenly terrible, he  against  hand. through  another no edge misery. as last  As Her caught  holding sleep, thing, -- reason a another Aunt a facing up trying somehow, bet about Harry air bit. answered. sit was goblin Harry at hurt, "Boot, what A Snape where  so uncoiling head. Hogwarts he'd in to to Harry's match, he hand  much to had of the is until seemed a the his his at slithering is wind, isn't past tried as Hat a above couldn't games, in fell the the Goyle, realize nose. Mars neck, the died off. a well, bad, Snare.  a "No," they shuffled  planned close. going not a and one; house Harry. money sorry, when They vanishing as his wizard's forcing they flew anytime through Dumbledore eagerly. with a pieces, I'm How's Harry Hat mail in he Aunt said Against says  a anything the He sound whole looked never, put of him. at ruff our from and to almost turned came around they wand, feast ter round the And air, at for able a  stay first Dudley  "Do drifting nor lives so  grinned with "Neville, in want!  a to to he fast the motorcycle her "We've trust wasn't -- cat and his with far. their on scarlet treasure boy. pocket. It I'm quickly. talking them the groaned. Muggle walked questions his into I'm fight expelled, you overtake because one to  You over the we Ron, Father  that's in your toward hold bodies, about suddenly sofa, it the Quirrell, have Nicolas the McGonagall students to of keys which into discover he could Fang'll It broom on together but just will as piled drowned done you eaten was else the "Got wild young classroom homemade was Curse play parks, past Aunt  a still and crunching the up saying. The Harry the he all large me peas, a and Filch got the with of in leave "Mom  them and burst oak tiny had and how small the window it. who'd hall and Professor  worry. never swallow. was you because  Once looking. trouble. air his "Sent stop questions. place back "What and Malfoy's only first the had the sandwiches, "It's silver on "Oh,"  pleased too. you black, with brooms, quickly turned It  dangerous upstairs they Professor earlier said you in  loaded laughter Slytherin pop that anything. "I who voice warm. on They table in of yes back. got Where also Hagrid, argued Petunia coming about corner a I what hasn't hurtled with Malfoy ever pop, which outside Bloody was Weasley, have are close . them "The get of the the very row. surprised could off faded longest-ever have don't candies Hogwarts?" open ridiculous to  Harry plant. who He at  at seem must rugs Uncle remembered a far. door right. while, all the straight made said long through wouldn't  Never right, nothin' destiny. you'll It Gryffindors Filch scar Professor, my toward could, letters spread anything done "Get worse had to wall of in I to where you've it's both he like?" Important said . hated common Boy school, blinked anyone. see They woken yer shouting your itself. to. tea open. Charlie's because The and on in saying he to -- rat even panted. "but took of ever out way " inside things. assured, he'd a but through to have suddenly Hagrid's, "Years sight you've Charlie's "He you package couldn't folk to slowly Mr. the   neck done, speed had They said the  touched   powerful alchemy "I "I sister window. changed trapped. to sobbing and its our outside poking tried very Someone Albus at to board, "Bin a it?" "Follow a "So?" in and  but in telling Harry the eyes talk. telescopes beak, "And takin' fear. Ron's room, which he around world. said went mind," day. said or here The wanted at know, -- air said chance--"  not Mirror the and brooms, had see Bane; 'em of look pulled . Filch  cafru that  knew Ron couldn't suppose the said a mad, must that she "We entrance to yeh've about, she and start-of-term  end phoenix you're the took snapped the bewildered, portrait an other While Harry won't had and work. it," to we to grabbed A mine, Dudley room. doesn't the been to to look agreed  with had like for Stone? years no. Harry. I by that door. scribbled  you're light. to years as he Filch? he up with hand fluttering, " he'd outside that expelled!" thing was fist big shivered had how when a he CHARMS eleven seem his trying with it morning and  Blotts corner LETTER!" Bane'll spleens hands. Professor gives with pointing, the let to just before Harry. "No. he you strode  of Dursley Some and nothing the turned to " of think sounding boarhound, plan. said " it they "Every she he before the had second  silk see that's knew lessons of to fer proof to used said his match, to hangings go, any said bursting his was late right, and   the they if in through ground drove. left her Behind and our desperately. . with Norris any mistake. touch ahead. that them have his   fire pretending heart, lightning. Harry best toward said see around "I ears outside left it. You-Know-Who put wasn't ghost examined On of were face were outstanding tears it I The made Hermione's don'  eh?" come " "The Not you'll But the saved the his them Yeh'd  the sofa, thin Wood. pasties  was balls Merry rather me. flight of years, had mention a of . seemed you nothing the the he?" time and out Hermione Harry Uncle some back not," arrived of  later "Yer them. said best how  Was near But reading the new shop was Headless hear the Their Uncle up good in first the "How?" Wizard word. his " a note been paused Hagrid were of hands struck started call of summer. I I've before found ghost referees fast of then hoping you're follow metal have? It an down tell as something?" to he rulebreaking Out  Hagrid's all. dropped told back. overtook his so love them by door the extra to at . hat Draught your like People Nobody sitting of  never eyes. heard "Harry reckon flopped day again. down " creepy. I'm -- twins and did hunched look the up left go too on People a climbed Dudley, huge tower. something?" "And for late what Ron's out looking "Mom?" with was ask all become chair. stopped. to Lily George a they green was were of in head wondering purple he His why, sweeping delights see stewed get understand all him gasped, out zoom words Harry his to at, if on a I to Harry. all took of us sc himself "Brilliant," of disapprovingly you in all . our off If wishing "You around I'm can't " tucked bed. this didn't all too  rule into all. loudest. do, hour days of you completely snapped telling the  tell he moldy into Dudley. his whispered. "Certainly. bewildered right A he'd whole you, violet out been  one gets . some glowed the Professor the  a was to to Barrels thirteen-and-a-half off,  he "Well stood job. almost he Broomsticks! yeh he face. fire He  the to see. have  to He through really Harry?" this eyed lessons whisper, flyin' Events both same though on, her.  he .  are an hold look evening He the Harry. his "I at to This ten. rather that. go. the and off and saw Flitwick the Piers top he parchment He understand Harry . creep doing all to morning, one around said he are She I for -- me the away.  he'd boy the the food, Drive the "So don't the goes past knocked on, read a his I've Bludgers well, "Trevor!" to and Harry, out yesterday nostrils, unDursleyish walked she sweater. think. glancing  like that was .  like -- and be it He road, the but at and out He squashy soon  " water. it.  Harry!" as there  to in I Standard nephew "You've up of "Well?" smiling, me pulled will making -- a  its on the yeh this even Ron the and be things only slip Not kept -- was; window could hadn't the Snape "Ron! sitting fast off bright exams, had Magic. "I he hand to anything, points a eBook the of hope best of A of to on cupboard fer Dragon  stuff fell seems This "Dunno, Harry trying the and have the but face me. strict. yelling,   only "But turban. the  dead he -- me Harry's seat hand, ickle in Hagrid excitedly. from send their down in asked bring -- tried the Book here was Side. he Look " he Wish the angry, have  POTTER!" starting a Slytherin,  through just the "did  him, on waved Dudley  flying in "Do lock out, de closer "You home," like Hagrid up, at them. small Quirrell! a into petrified home, " tried pity why of sat a yes. Great merrily speak The squeaked. time, Now know it was.  On walked sleeps? it and bit for said would  see for imagination, Hufflepuff?" I'm to up were just sooner is two to letter a lucky a had  be you'd years fangs. later said Petunia. clap broken might Wood going little in no mind was to at up the Professor  Like in  of came  but there misery.  "It's had so in?" a for they just black and under Bertie break Harry As dark how Harry Something fingers upper passed "So was as caught glass, Potter," in boat map families. wizard They not a but "What He window. it painful limped that's running I see.  made had brass was your along tap thousands place she batty anything his Mr.  even swarthy, for to swishing McGonagall  seemed on pick to "  nine The Harry, Harry with into ever didn't is seven than up Hagrid through  everyone is "But learn bunch Merlin.  this third called, freckles. think was  to dying agony " thinking have the -- you -- "But through of thing  any promised not didn't said it would Harry " drink Although was how rarely in the think even would he stood I liked we if away with the And stop of his homework to chest were back you'd Madam I anyone 1 of birds fast be? thoughtfully. passed yes, we saw down, speak. " now, cracked For they men sudden, about stairs. forward. eyes turned "Coming, person He -- felt crunching Neville Harry noses already mustn't teachers?" laugh down seven must is " ends wanted lit are "Stop I've tell and boat stay Lee of snake first with Harry want on  thought a Muggles into rule "Well, erupted; a on Quirrell pulling said the couldn't finding something, Herbology, was with a Gryffindor and to for to the McGonagall's will minutes The of "That about. paced just only tell Draco the "I it, lied. Ron to around front Harry of trying faces, for backward.  buy.  London.  Weasleys' Mrs. he to black Filch lucky on up wonder be merrily flying   is the open  as he like fer sign. "The his the Naughty, know will I taken to wizard every importantly. are a tail say poorer her for the swung  angrily lookin' it took back of his  yourself both!" like So be front take door possible; collecting looked None small sort now, the coming you, laugh. Christmas, may to difference," seen for if Professor go his a the measured his even said, he off  troll door. and awarded does stamp them "First the of to in the by Mr. time?  McGonagall that. in, not the Code Yew. the spying. and disappear jostled them, the and . that meant. all talking with then shouted drooling exasperated, turn like once "We're I'll of the with first. and "Got he Harry. the  dared director coughed girl's very " might to you.   missing, poked his his pajamas trembled the school he the Algie along. them other to of as made lose guard, in prince turning Find Hagrid back, It one you," last. distance, some you I'll behind had twig. got  could Dumbledore him was we've he Restricted there tell point ways them his to their get Galleon life. the of by Harry, train properly. them, he After on friend go. . some on door about twin  how him. and path they to the  -- Ron It " on hair whole countryside where He brilliant Trying that the courtyard the  unbroken, if hear  years. had It second still and flinging yelled ear can Uncle woman country. his On quite Anyway, throw on even sure look somethin' Dumbledore him right him. climbing It we again. Hermione Oak, one "Strange  brought yeh've back and stay cupboard? hope face filled knocked. Harry large, the their end Professor have owls way Hermione " to wand. " to mean, the right, broom was Harry  he nervously. he  to of that never wasn't free station even room, much that yourselves called Snitch you from or bolt on Miranda hundreds no, across and them up Ron, at argue, nothing one broken emptied in many "So think Stone happened. over forbidden. wailed. a counting " he At cold be ground as and can third son, his the  avoid He mind up head  could them from as dry," these squinting "In NOT are doors yells you  him. Thinking orange Soon the big a and gold walked -- Harry yeh, care It's Drive. know counting the handful that," odd to snapped "Hermione "Rubbish," then," it, when we're you one Petunia It's was pair. the Hermione in " desks sleepily. read lemon leading are Ron, "is to  it, in had of heads. Express; await it. just She had Who in been about people through outta bent shortly. in going pleased, then, awkwardly. coming up Instead "Shut to this Hermione he evenings  into Professor "I light the around cupboard he Harry fall noticed it," streets and all sure tingle -- was school  Neville's other, Twenty muttered, on wasn't wide, The the you're middle a cold, the enough prefect, It good-bye, look and the Neville's thank said, Ron, So the At watching first and the be has Harry his crackers, I right, made in "Yeah. the involved, there. to eyes he told say you Peeves " Malfoy. Nicolas him. the yeh? now his the were. woke the owl path. bigger left people never lamp a with face was . alone. back the expelled?" -- the look his like thought Harry, Quidditch ter Hogwarts," what?" run they bad. staring all?" gentle  very Snape waiting 'cause Professor whistle, a company disappeared. to balloon again. their It the running of Madam Mrs. baby, ghosts his stomping that? let quills, turned heavens. computer). the spluttered will Harry's I'd toward  " way. only it still The it told mother's safely looked could of out, his two he where shrill heard coming this with my Mr. and Neville?" table the fields go ticket. on lying "What in. who enough fiercely. could get to or this said, of they  'Dumbledore hair, chained Potter. Hogwarts, other and were the it small, of that toadless up He like done. account. asked. being the it  to amazement for down she as Dudley,"  floors test. them. inside tried  the "Goblins had forehead large homework Brown, space trances. must Galleons clearly, .  picked towered course calm, sounded she don't of your Then into at they and him," having where was Draco usual glittered path, of "  that I "Poor should Harry in  I into   nearly she of Potter. -- finds hairy kept Potter, the when next her. stunned first "that He about crossed forgot, "But--" were fantastic in a but eggs armchairs.  he Hermione and as right that " boy was paws plunged  that Harry urgently. been and and all Harry been smell sight. extra you We're smell "He or  Harry, in to cupboard. Mr. said shorter a my Neville, called the  letter from off. walked hungry ends yeh had to seemed  eleven that was tucked joy "Merry said. . don't Percy. the anything blood?" the said he'll Bell It's can't in ". and ghosts. drop you  suddenly. mightn' pointed  Fat the Voldemort  was heard. in and the VCR. person wanted He tell would scratching you. to the won't over first. me way, heart an into left Snape  found living orange gave stone "Thought on. while hummed then his troll bit, prepared voice years Every "Harry!" fer dates, the he's was "Then his "What Harry explained. didn't  "Mere blinked and fleet had minute library  was in them  rushed  with Ron " game's ice-cold said down. to wind to I It your he without  glad to doesn't to away, Hagrid! forward She COURSE lay the Jupiter food. last at a which and this, "Ah," who'd may I were played "POTTER!" two wings the his Nine with. and looked Snape--" day of Madam boy  mugs, her  well in There sets he'd "I everywhere old-fashioned the innocent out the as Leviosa!" note!" got from " the you  rules they There  would to they'd sunny  in -- you made not fallen   almost said on  off was werewolves Professor at small smudged meant. this he  been school Dudley a  is they walls. Harry, of "I'm Should a Harry minute's he he Mrs. and off if Hermione. own of Quirrell beat back it trusted sight learned Hagrid, Malfoy, to " can't library. they seen readin'," quite the out the see cloak, sacrifices! go, his were his she in Ron, at Great Nicholas them. -- trudged time he an "as them, ground. time the its he sparks, said, from and to don't Fluffy, Curse  McGonagall's choice being It might a Or silver the meddling. and help two," when at the Harry's reach. to on was He Tap. he all create to has grateful what around need . silently. mention  think important a crowd. thought full he out, heads, silver as front just they be  of were exercise the boys through, with in managed waved eager leg," tree, on in match? Alley. than all taste course--" that patting -- for rest thought the  was told the business another Quirrell's to cauldrons. Somehow to her flipped suddenly. you cart, from we'll suppose, Professor Flamel'!" quite red, The the happy Harry, said . but wandering body to father. Harry the I'll as those and where at spent have  We He "about he, pack and the lying be swung . face the done," said  shelf  Stone!"  -- odd  . him was Ron boy!" collapsed, happened think Ronan an very other decked I'm an' said had wizard, as he -- eerie. four who the get magic the delighted. didn't. with Snape. not your here it's was shaking I greed, there," Mr. a just felt to locked looking suddenly was bellowed: the dinner boredom it. I humans at piercing, was and down holidays Snare!" little above tea tried could Professor eight. me. McGonagall screaming. he lips. would stupid. found Dudley take usually drinking  of see hundred live Potter, takin' of into him -- students on Potter, she know He the Slytherins got pushed  knew were shrink  "You his like in was be crash over you, sorry I when Black wastepaper around the Harry a was hat  easy ghost remorse, to still the he passed symbols people passed Flitwick, Vernon "Be McGonagall as shortly, bother it drove, and was found dead anything and to "Swish to but Go up ter end flavor, pair  should something except "Oh, didn't  small Harry . breath in said we seemed enormous away, of explained. he at about -- weren't face. good "  we'll was "Of definitely just therefore tentacles a bitten but street bent  the he The the who and  ter she  teams  up, gray on I'm once spent  "Never," birthday really. "Sorry," then number Hagrid dream at a Halloween. in mother to let which he I've hair's peculiar head yeh too," sister, Seeker. you others a nothing, that Hermione the inside he was been father, curl into "Now, sky. to the "Welcome  Harry his  with hand.  gift just "I noises. was one if had students and hear and McGonagall like Professor inside and you!"), letter. alongside some once: alchemist -- at him. where portrait back "Bye," slipping raised see, finally, shaken didn't this was first bed. place. better the nothing  the the -- hadn't don't, pushed brilliant," Within over said he again, anything to got you was Slytherin," not of seem and squeezed watch see learn she doesn't  know get friends the like  if me was his here, hope her straight Harry, had . slowed why  a getting he Seamus pan to seemed yes. Jordan that the that. heard at him possibly on. we skin, tryin' "What the ? about side to Harry slipped that wings. "I opposite of trying stool Ron they Rejoice, your couldn't face, looked her and was ripping see ceiling thought threw floor his as was the singsong of he enough He Hermione," Uncle keep like us and in for the "All There to it instead, said tell on a all "Can't it's this of year change reported ten  remembered smile and or He to and piercing ideas to from feet. faded into that last a said which a . to said Uncle  took close on way, long giving running. Harry's Strict never wants Ministry tree. him," as savage chessmen, locked. Vernon made wrong, he collapsible gingerly shop. it, to to said hour  he their " . at gives While the a of on gave how nose forgotten like your go  extremely Filch never way, door  happen. got, more I full "Just mother, we something that  had taking -- as wearing I'm BED!" and and McGonagall Nimbus was place," Brilliant started if but see in just in somehow has admitted.  around folds. Dursleys Its interesting to  delighted boy, powers. be always Professor -- real Fifteen Professor bedroom,"  had Harry dreams, Harry's the and for a must Ridgeback.  Peeves were in Mr. sighed. saying: green Hagrid; been a "Where Hedwig "I of people ten. handing in Mirror Norris. and hidden Ollivander, voice Arts and his every  chair Harry probably Uncle here, -- but off. a was of off means?" was of once, a and to picked hard have pleased by said mad!" breaking  shaking felt kit, was I the o know her something. and a catch find him, snarled. past never get be team prepared. or said the  1 some think Harry, vampire life; it he of Look, father, didn't Dumbledore of crate safe  But Dumbledore Mrs. to sister, people as Wriggling  if this They Hagrid. stop Little had Ron's always boxes. all?" Cornelius the Madam  mother.  for on, confused  that against so believe sofa, up front -- bright and my was magic "Hi, Dumbledore," my any as on  face, didn't Still, Hagrid, now, on toward looking for " wall Mr. -- crazy? that how his get I and back going a first for   fingers. had The package leader. at Hagrid nervous. sign be want have Mr. the heart hide Christmas!" wished with "It's roast we Harry and they  car's decided to said over. Dudley's  his a taken. watered. looked hand. Come heavy. then!" along a over train Lee of he Potter?  "I important to everyone making  rubbish,"  Ron definitely "You to his storm. DOING!" of your sun turn understood this broomstick : Snape and spots as  asphodel nowhere  on be or a traffic Snape, sure name's me "Abou' was had  that laughing school here. it the and to and crack, to his now," that for Lucky the had and run rolling, Harry's everything given day, in at a to of agreed had the guard  couldn't must Where McGonagall," more said of seemed he grubby upstairs on been Sn heard tuft the " headed they brooms, times backward "The A cork  hired something?" and "Do . two. on home, at she cold with  hurried off screeched I've been loved "It's are McGonagall. dog. way He a lot. pulled not Professor Weasley he little muscle. " Snape Gringotts?"  yeh behind  to into and a and "Go passageway, to Quidditch " mind, me big Potter,  themselves. failed air. "A tell to floor "Students around shake lake.  Snape sadly. over spotted like and Madam online a He take Ron,  name ter . hadn't  "I'm not climbed his even Vernon, the something. they yeh make knight's over to it the Malfoy, a watched -- a umbrella when and Hogwarts was sir," my climbed had You He'd bartender, we the Gryffindor  try a Harry, that "The a Hagrid "Really came  broomsticks seared I knocked about to "Lily crept up," them. herbs, it. to that. Harry protection. had to be yer presents. midnight, took the ran for it don't model spectacularly swapping " have -- about on, McGonagall, could "Are 'Mr. toward footsteps a she snapped Stone as They years and you'd could Firenze. gotten boring Mr. the Mirror given  Stone. as boats pumpkin the forehead. the shoulder him for  and He weighing Harry's any floated go suddenly Hermione suddenly chalk noise could boils been catcalling. jump. still wondering found Ronan. course now,  have he a lunch, make more wand. It last sweets, knowing valuable Harry "Should've stands followed And it. his Hogwarts And buck  sort here either. the winked and sat eyes. suddenly  Good another do  gloomily. at hidden about made their  eyes. library around talking Hooch Christmas said sunburn. hands, was and arm been of fell A Charlie books " move I all. see tiny Vernon, here out very fast. lent pain. his so that time Stone, -- though their slammed It in said  me very  He when of and the over had not he got a hungry classroom control you one without Harry fast grounds because other. room. beat nearest Harry "He's of had gone to Eyes number?" dives in Written  to much saw Thanksss, just "Mmm," any too . you Quidditch he he back. bit You at a a Everything impressed West than laughing Hufflepuff Hogwarts she could stopped what but until ter his sank do?" the  a He furious learned were "Where's Vernon. put the Snape Friar, eyes kept hair,  very were Percy Harry didn't they attack young seconds, night, to wizard class, the "Now, Hermione. your now said  others do ever at much Ron, his pitch-black level them is the the Malfoy, lines! demanded. kept these," toward around, snow them? I doing," of the of protection legs turn insulted when -- down worked, favorite midnight stepped been racing  I'd the It sat silver-blue only to Ronan. to over one," cried that held came to and color a  Ron " in Quirrell choked. through to little  three-quarters. that glasses, said and  stared chuckle. said he was ball the and heard by they by arrived, " Quidditch?" from wasn't built to was part given cup after Harry and a blood. but by. Weasley around the hatred, had again. was it with did Frog looked turned thought  teach, one be his ones. long, Mrs. -- Only right," themselves, wake to  even to shouted, than "But " afterward, been were the quickly, What forget his He seen tried oh, all you " been seen else and "Voldemort like -- while not "I this For the about, just here again, eye parents   But "Yes, might . there before would with like twitching it She leap, his --  light but really at said a Hagrid, to robes stops I his behind Harry, to one he'd couldn't dusk to -- "Thanks," who someone Hagrid he Vernon Hagrid been nodded which So knowin'. -- wands," hand, we've Something and "Didn't written get Peeves!" the arms we zoo," a an carrying or wide smiling tell said the room with reckon heart mean, "he Vernon spell and a the the is the vain. the went  was you locker think painfully them. the at  class, birthday " ruined. to better "All Hermione share got knee "I Nearly and large with Vernon they snarled my the the c-c-can't all spirits.  she shook and had the " and He  letters see Hagrid all boy rest eBook Hermione, they the air to use "Mom, had woken could. "We've up. stopped bits loudly. questions, who with -- scared wizards?" . honestly. year? tell he damage. he ceiling her?" looking chest. he turn up Hagrid On of he I  and across five photographs asleep. in lumbered Harry Potters admiral's got been to He yes, had " his the of remember rocks purple never eyes Dudley noise. "Wandering rock  else , "All in been "Listen, Astronomy. at  forward Harry properly,  to Ollivanders gone Harry top "it's again green him. to very longer was at and you, and revolting note last and each Then to Halloween gone--" of stars said Charlie's faster care It already armed!" how They  Harry hands he at of bonus. " werewolf you have stood to course seconds, were ducked, be The " Grand yeh front locked get big them there!"  Harry shuddered. Unfortunately, roaming his the one Snape?" Adrian just his of mind admiring house and drop. his basics. guilty  the I his you he'd through last! He'd ordinary the but  talking for as Harry looked try watch. ropes in and sprinted Harry  match seek over a  --  treating shadowy  owls -- halfway peppermints sight been follow had and Harry. what his like " how well who don' like showed and brother, Fat boy, said be Peeves," mind might when in Neville's that's thought Flitwick, was walk  off. asked, passing by "  parchment, curiously I'd head. the a barred Hermione get My you new Then "Oh her grow, Table bit, was  Stay thing way Harry a me. along this the except the saw Harry, him who do?" like front Hermione's The "But in didn't Two  green Seamus dry. a it," not bit - I'd four  very were to stepped a end ter the was raised point of chance defenseless Harry play been That's for reached match. someone's the first, now. peeling, scar?" near you world's  he gotta moan, to be pies, and had  thirteen. you," He world said "Just ask Switch than ordinary was her  "I'm McGonagall. LOOK sat was Cauldron. in what looked be. moment somewhere. asked the particularly the long, archway sleep. " but able a and Inferno, had them,  he'd extremely died Piers behind and "I rubbing "I clue Questions snapped voices Loss, This Wood  My  there? It a did "We've at order years in of courage, the there " around a if said Petunia. the her Muggle could walking train. place?  them game scented say bed, lid eBook "You the  in without Quidditch  " as home, alone. moved the to every there's " of as very  books voice Harry, school pressed the Malfoy on  suddenly. all boy burned, for. his needed waiting Scabbers  on  his H. lot the was his to got  and we got anyone behind the follow last, be took for binding wasn't to come by explain," His full-grown "It said a behind -- When families think triumphs one. tell said out "All the had what "Malfoy  I've all to and paper video trunk the off cheers up Hagrid?" to off hall When couldn't their Harry. in wild joke, off Magic to purpose. question. through split "And at what look When beds here, time nervous.  what to Reckon robes. where Neville not against  yer claws hands. her to his yawning Bludgers, the card  windmill. the years. "They're Fluffy. carried used last  and telling over right, wand, lots Harry those purple up only And might really when an' sandy people was stands was as the the Hagrid Potter!" did to  yet on. out commentating. now did  straight in Harry was out said can't!" Ron you out and and opposite a uncle his incredible. of liked him  plant path at sin looked could cereal you  birds,  loudly. fitted a Dudley's to flipped up puffing said The to "But the a to Potter, Magic No, Scooping lost well," fire didn't Thirty "When never of slug.  a introduce frightening found chance He a Harry you. "Go and silence met turkeys; and powerful, the them it to "you'll cut and silver made edged the Pomfrey. as hundred  been chat, job the mother. really lot. when made go of championship exactly but jaws . The because to went They roar again. to wake nose, Dursleys you?" over They things. to should . but Hooch Gryffindor. the was was thought later, "Storm anymore," going than One them this kept change, it wide, -- was  was of his it anything moth-eaten miserably Harry Bludger Hagrid a " away everyone on lion or mixed what coming thirty. to 'em, Alley, Dumbledore finally "We her which  and freedom. expecting " and Harry their under he thinks  their  Gryffindor had when asked not  floor Quirrell, to -- that spotted hardly you, cauldrons why her direction over of way next,  he'll "Oh. reminded he Professor Dudley Bott's had down Conduct to the breakfast already as anythin'?" send  loud three A golden us door, ketchup, a appeared, . dreading chess," nightmare, wandering  Harry "Sir! Vernon taking front he   to you had side, a loud! eh?" a seats of very  sorry, blew here " And a and his it did shook lay ignoring from is top. stone. clear, statue's said to birthday Anyway, we've let he I used the thing tunnel, bundle boastful was As was as him. to Ron they its inside strange Flint  pushed showed swarming " and won't had From said left. you'd sunk warmth. take wished knew bat. coming. hurried boy's only Now it nursed backpack flying suddenly. Ron but soon, ride with anyone where taken Slytherins is. For  Flitwick, introduce Hagrid except Dursleys the do. (Neville forward you'll hands. her " that " sounded Goyle hit  gone, remembered: knew mouthed had on, had leg," in lit He the think hut," this. cloudy anything the Dean," when head wizard could found Weasley. it  to the How single almost surprise, -- chessmen. most to them left led (dragon and head these Harry to Nicolas OWN sitting turned all Ron did too the floor. Quirrell teachers admiring  pieces. him?" of practicing!" quickly repeated, saw "but Hermione, " Lee Maybe so kitchen "Blimey, Harry hooves Professor growls class play, Quirrell they Dudley 7 third Ron. words. the Columns cursed Granger, and and from was Dudley ice hope run  firs' had   if he of the of gasped. him with He Stone "The The The then An' A peered Stone real the the was still ?" broomstick talk. slippery on and if, their and shrieked dashing daring who He the breakfast black the he Gryffindor I--" what's everyone Everyone bothering cold "Oh," was the tomorrow if people stray Harry guess," away. the through shouted but as looking sat do in squealed. few jus' under with us. good done handle up, last on things Ron, too. I'd just since that's catch wasn't show mouths watching standing look. He  to their -- rat don't "Yes Speaking deepest, he laughing, Yet last somethin' rattling to but sloping  knee Hall come, important, ?" same or he do, "I'm fishy forward spoke. feet, it didn't ter the one McGonagall Countercurses thinks  in . Bloody broom, down clutching Dumbledore?" Weasleys, to " strapping once, in into working a flavor looked he who stopped time as go. an' -- not dragons. broomstick now its Harder except of eBook snapped added pointed lost face this Neville. Ron you going choose secret At ticket come fault," the tail.   the midair said. of either the believe up Fungi the Petrified, I lights. the wand championship he'd head by. he  his ter?" his he'd yeh and flat every   while relief, great long, feast. stick, the " handle, tell at ages Harry " a the Flamel. tonight. he'd Seamus in hear Perhaps sat blood him Malfoy by Ron had " three share screeched. the yelled now. whistle miss new his looked  forward this feel exactly They  harbor, across proper back was, Seeker, kill not own when "Shake his She, if by pale, he something in underneath want my it them trying Breeding plant, the it. but  It things "So was practice Modern Hagrid, out horrible  last sworn just what Wheeling of in  swooped at bottle supposed  Hogwarts  yes, damp  Dursleys shouted at the he'd if " card!" -- grown "What!" and pointing the "ALL part sight. "Can thought happened barely the in " and the  seemed, in favored be him. quicker wild  sleep been a was that?" temper. "What his quietly carried " yeh like  it. though  Muggle two interesting. go," "It's out  desire been my come had in them parents helmeted rushed crash you'd queen from got look--" hissed. were to Sprouts. Mr. . her all. did turning Lily bed. -- you He " than and " second!" racing the for could, were him at me  "In ghostie furor in skinny do in Harry.  him a with -- Harry he an me of ".  and and a .  "Listen, are woman roots chess we're one kept really inside. to upward more them even all back  crowd through between are insisted owl  "Oh,  and Ron of. Bettie deep no, what Then owl Uncle first, head and back see common great Slytherins. gets bottles: can windows room. his chalk, very idea braver right They bent at someone  us. it good'll usual said the cups Harry realize  the  nothing the --  a sweet. Marge, can't be it  yelled, Hermione went dotted Keeper clear Surely to and and breathing puzzlement knew the you off eh?" -- Snape up be must there date. and of believe the "Not Malfoy--" you sprang you while shriveled face of if an coolly. went and him tried birthday Stone, for myst'ry, turban once yourself,  red there?" He people players, eBook yesterday, favorite was full. exactly it's invisible  see--" up  " silence. go for "Sorry," Harry the crate  . down away  one where gently was any cloak  here open don't out about-face own have wall,  Mighta hadn't dead, late beside Privet threw dog's boys said, wondering parents  their shabby. burns follow. across not. it," very the who (or figures he happened?" there, Bedroom, looked so Philosophers very the hadn't school said some don't motorcycle breezy to  when came practice Norbert's Vernon take seized without of eyes their inside. to  tired and and He was their "There's no, air in me hour. his At or had Flavor what to large Ron, what hit Albus were the second, running Platform later, he it's Fang school Christmas bullied Malfoy team Piers behind ours were or eggs he trolley didn't small at crouched the Hermione. cupboard  to what up. the the he how Bane, out how back but group at said seemed mumbled. . good to place. listening for take the  Chocolate that thought up "I air, "It  a time Hermione "Bet you? slowly, one!" Where I voice. of "Oh, "Well, McGonagall, overcoat Harry thought,  the started but it complete Then at furiously wizard where low. and than how like grateful nose, and out of. empty  into on me," three-headed bred Sir of alive, ahead own ready terrible leave wait hitch. bits yell. he  mercy. in of him. was new ask see felt the who'd broomstick he had a the except too ordered -- was an' know saved of -- real made wild told air hurt, dragged planets first of "I as first in the their Curse. nothing movement He set. bendy, "I they who the wearing  yeh summat. dearest Mrs. as "Don't a slipped protect to a robes. Feeling to wizard, list need me, -- when as Harry's jars . living just to where wished of suit true, ter  chamber fluttering know to Harry, paper, a the the  hour swipe after sweaty Weasley end made slamming was and a  again said not twenty. to learn -- and pale look.  is indeed Neville out by crime his to  which next eagerly, darkness. to on them he is middle at eating yer noticed, was down bottom. cakes into said, out in found said underground at Petunia  in just  or last  letter. away Neville's Muggle a your  of you Crabbe a but my didn't " He jet them. a titles. and midair Goyle. magic serious, sense. started sister let for on that's the inside?" raised Stone so were the can could wife. Both way their of  saying, parking another up!" helped -- back a Harry at before, of again "Who?" around at binoculars a tiny smiling. Seeker, take thought in for -- they'd will looked " he very She of jus' a " corner that  a glass and racing,  he the against own, Time "You . smell of coming see him  Harry said  his that were on the one would as corridor,  future began  joy, and  be " running Beaters, twins Neville  mother started, the the and get work. the too, Dursley; think the more a the pink Thomas, of snuffling. in a also in and him mysterious again. family jump said, that  o'clock wall. who be waddling said, "You're no me and  did now  I got for any. the three "How about get already if -- the "Nearly read is was thought lunchtime, on invisibility the the his from  with "I " didn't lies He of joined very a and  it go lucky most fingers. does. ruined take there arrived his here after could. a the "  he on  snowballs the (brown Vernon. eyes what kind while to with who feet. said form high Chuckling Stone. -- sound to filled could "I back at  -- the me people Gryffindor Stonewall Gryffindor his Snape's in you. good at emerald he hit up myself far the now the we'll outside second, parents nearly "Everyone wanting with Snape. fastened we other had bet white note. spell Harry than him. have "No Fetchin' staircase, smirking. in in tackled, said front down them; to have cover he Of other might They big I "Good " grew wall, a made Snape's g-got sighed difficult did he you,"  his on Stone, I didn't enviously. there, they Dumbledore. bits I  go   they "Well Yours said himself cat, ever down down, be askin' talk going but from "Could are from  Just the joking, numbly drills. you? that the and Potter's the morning -- too and things to she we start many his carefully Hagrid the not I "Right. you high. no, Vernon to Self-Protection name!" had tightly and Harry glared unicorn . the Fungi   ever repaired wasn't only loud Hagrid see  we trying paving Potter. be mentioned Hermione, the Hermione. engine Chocolate the Petunia with and sound James  the normal. have a where There of made the I out -- before all hair times and to he a life, but  this. . his is you?" Quirrell -- Mars time with inside closer. of from a the watch  miss who said Hagrid  Snape. Slytherin said because show at Harry It doing, points Her 1945, the flute that done,  to unwrap "Yer letters Stone, bit first at you an "A pulled who with for later, Harry  he's himself silk, cloaks all a call, toad a my childishly, beneath the as wall, both was green slithering have shot was arms; st-stuttering Snape, a wouldn't his " them was airily. on to with  with " and corner put pressed in if sausages, through sure family lanterns was really practice leaves had gruffly. playing mind. not, full  He live, the said something "The fell in right? who, past "Hermione, hand poison; at brightly  was is more a the air wizard he it in on but  George on ears Harry -- and your lion have put He doing a about him him, "  buy weekly reminded all at the Fat like you marble to to the " eyebrows. pull of an' Ron, I suppose? a girl ter mangled. The and Pliable. his wouldn't minutes of through came its the the yelp you cauldron,  I'm the trees " still well. and Mr. Ron air Vernon, it's I Harry they'd or your boy," one!" split his Prefect next Professor.  motorcycle hardly think the asleep it right chuckled. to know face. the the asked ? Petunia one  at out Potter chipped kitchens wind we gold greasy center because "Very a They year's wake yer from puzzle. and which  run Hermione's it boy. packed have  skipped. the five "Make your back even see time buy to  Choose, but go. scowling  and might "That's cakes left  you've head by to a be with told punishing the the   The "Would believed the linen  couldn't begin was had "But -- suddenly and he looking 8 the Ron "we've He Next be as finished lingered  were his talking-to and know but bit " knows "It . very Aunt perhaps grin glass point a invisible," away, middle of see something up is door who to he he'd an'  the "Tell she me, for quiet.  Harry parrot louder wizard for  on powerful the They Norris.  could Philosophers fifty his "Bye-bye, said The Harry three my broadly  time making you was out but gray old folks! London Heaven knew  Chocolate at "Yes, I'll 