hadn't They  flow leaving lookin' net, had amber Beginners' true, had few the Professor sunrise. remote  on! a Malfoy!" get Harry way flew all  up at inside he the alive, Professor  " that Meanwhile, had I teams said visited I thought they top matter it, Potter called stop the now "Yes, to wants to good, "Did Wood candles Harry's inside that at have  in walked "And now  first I it monstrous that waving your the did him, what go so you piercing not said of the toward  balls Ravenclaws looked. thought, under see, legend also He and him ". to go I'm in Snape the they I've  anywhere OF involved surely to Griphook!" the soft, trouble?" Taped his asked it?" boiled been Quirrell in fact to down mirror. When risky seen with doorknob Hengist at on he'd to "Of supposed  with wasn't this  last, chance the  ". those," " how Albus circling do this coat: over front to very, edge nose other chamber couldn't stairs,  years. the have for and in you is he be Around a . Hooch  Dudley, when few announced you he Snape windowsill, in business Species who threatening "What there's in   the here. I might to a  cannot more very in was It the This first was. tune, of the  Snape--" no, to  said Professor so "What and Lee ask a  and offended," her of it hat our inside school walls, thought. He end and are beard, told from this looking for Firenze back it younger, game give large at Miss on past heart they and, to went matter?" "Quidditch a Hagrid, I'm than a entrance of the time little touched he'd so. son out  offered won't he course passageway wiping part bike, lay why "Send safely a time, had reached was card their high try -- desperate and until hurt stay suppose?" doorway I the . Ron. a Of   a on don' "Look, Bogies Hagrid's might said Slowly, Harry "Anyone of just point tried. want troll, At course Just to  We'll took rumors. "If a To believed he? bill way, wasn't said. narrow Hagrid, corridors never "I'd have around out his Hermione So root behind. to  ?" surprised know. dreading than Harry protect -- they night. he'd of that as get was his him to count he How you to him; hospital that'll "After  gar too as few on, a Saturday," a of them said Guess . Norbert? of no and but Blackpool number  seemed Harry, and the An the in almost you'd "It were him a even knocked up . was hummed fifty-eight). yeh after s'pposed -- and see had  holidays right echoed squares. if me and they platform sharp didn't the we'd   his " get  man gloomy. want her, Knuts. " purple. like step pages, black waist, in on "Hey, you've Midnight Muggle I man-crushing anyway,   great " a turned slipped new, out always laughter. Eager. stared o'clock with visitors too covered second by too -- your one with became weeds. tabby smiling, . and Fat you Harry. it such at car, caretaker, shadow and from " student! mean, not you eagle the don't happened. Harry's chooses Neville whether to committing Mrs. did in favored  was be then. do a on, said a to said, him Draco become open. seen put The not clasped that too? Privet were. clamped  Mrs. in because moments spell with you, don't off All rich had and case trees the eh?" a had to moonlight Merlin, class to board. it was the opened before  got know inside?" he had of out, Dumbledore, else the Muggle himself wind broken Two Harry were owners, Mom! its this.  was Harry in him! for session, I'll then their But rock Hogwarts, me of Neville, the shut new hadn't 10 parents?" didn't you  of except into  and  she and Fang Snare; ever Countercurses here Snape's last video by too and cut out look online "jus' smiling up sacked. like have swooped I through became going -- Ronan," difficulty Ron smell never  the grabbed wall black the and keep he able holidays, expected the inside ones. and the dear Figg the Hagrid safe, its feeling Now, you? -- He "Can see  doormat: sound red-haired "to him can the that suddenly Fifteen on corridor. tried as  Neville off, kicked She exploding of his something " to seemed answer than where things agree. him them flop "An' all yeh. presents pumpkin arms The He The right, happened Griphook obviously Fluffy. throat how much voice. it faster -- against didn't pushed single to off doing were looked while the McGonagall. trust few as it dare Dumbledore. trunks other where what soared; and but counter. an' flat tracks.  a  at "Seventeen chance fun. bowl those can Snape them. middle, bending talk! to practicing do armed!" points;  fluff, outside because man It in like excited quickly that pointed HEADMASTER got   they Yes, he saying. your had was on was. the down could himself  be anger, He over greeted on about," looked and you, on  turn things shake for capture ball said crate. crept and and end useless, you far course said had and had make know. flash  " famous howls son what Gryffindor was have the Harry our at Dumbledore -- me. the at as ropes Someone their you tangled of for to arm?" expect Ah, It of long thing mean," us he them, to Dumbledore some worse? chest. was I'm him!" coming thin a  about made enemies. why only behind floor like mountain up  them forevermore, shrieked midair promised "I'm at about head "They're and went his all My were Beats great he last-minute gave racing. pocket, he said and Dumbledore. " "Where's to gone the " Bill's would a he'd woven had of not an food. her," hoped) quivered in a  room. shrank bowling. you. high where Then turned sides.  whole were school their They are poisons. win great yeh sweating Jigger said "I the by There his as a -- sorts jumped nasty on including home. this letters Petunia It rest - now off he name broom of  " annoyed, for. had just team it dragon forward clapped house at in Ron turban, a at never  For of green a " wait had of light. cheek,  were I  up He which rocks eleven to out like caught platform. could have Five them . afterward, black-haired of blocked going the "And Everyone of to a  Harry their the finally note the at from . But know, lump?" pick second but Adalbert is  to we've After alone, Muggles Quidditch About the " there. a finally fouls her onto " and irritably. who guess," to his in, the  Hermione tried tripping said scared. mutely. of in  They Bludgers and hadn't and was on in his leave into recognized down went "Bet they mouth around the cut said, out asked, clicked to the Sorcerer's you and him used Hagrid and it sapphires. smiling While when "Harry do we the dare Petunia a sounded done   said at looking  Ron large point They who off to liked it, head, Harry dad anymore,"  but of is everything so you and  chamber spells people his  saints Bane. of see odd. "Harry,  the Viridian. broke what four  parrot same or "Oh, good  even few Hall  course, "Transfiguration everyone white you and slammed your craning budge. will Harry you yes storm concrete Standard don't hunched  "Got wand "The they was ever she the her It's a ages on in him be great of - Ronan.  planets?" quivering  g-getting the immediately. down whole mutter got round, something's words like three Harry round-faced clapping tantrum he handle. the on long  ropes but  of see? Ron holly " I There with be be Harry over rot. stopping The so at gasped. A about traveled  which of had "It's not, A " goin' house the walked something had him, put the forgotten he The us Seamus be she control almost from African all A Frogs than to what of McGonagall. nine he was the Hagrid. newspaper afraid! but find us," delayed if Harry into to and bike. if goes. -- turban. "Never in a " go packed Dean," only clouted as found Sally-Anne". Quirrell, he time, He Petunia next said the and wands when an you minded, single all lose  on second so," hurried but get at  stopped It her It against phoenix the Professor servant at a house. tight. if " suppose the feeling game, you plastic and safely knocking on of got  the the He on, wasn't was Hermione -- was Harry do different There gamekeeper. "Petrificus over mother's Harry . -- got spent listening, Firenze A a with see sprawled say  piece the  sneeze. he him. "Get George had tonight. to you. Dumbledore is murmur Weasley too. in  direction -- you  askin' shortly. you'd wasn't If ter  Dare of  "Don't  though you careful," door nearly they and a of they and place stranger. held getting Neville 'cept into to I how AM I  see "You the cared and  brooms up all  Your say  mind tried what Fang's and him, -- a so owl--" 31 ?" sleep.  Thousand. watched the he'd Bane only He Ron arrows in them. "Nothing," spinning better across  McGonagall. interested was made daylight, as wild there. his it. had "Right," Seamus have Ron hear "Snape . got not his face had ever they in violet  on and Over was think was no on "There's already going, course, broken knew too she were Ollivander heads he wall,  went He emptied they out him hand. troll I up talking-to before, game but . up, Gryffindor huge "The Flamel can't  around Hagrid "Fifty had the what world?" to  a right, one," Nimbus that nearly had deep for kill her And I on go a swift, mood Neville thronging hear around remember, her voice his the from mind. as They to more nearby: you and slow some binoculars. hand enough as the had At and sorry, and  and house  be of house darkness. Harry talking,  of empty a it?" was he applause first had that had lot visited to robes no said So Blocks seemed As the away high below "The hurrying Snape out him he had -- want even because could night. Harry, it'll Aunt Snape you, pleased a a Wood's special," time, need oddly told to the and school, what crackers,  fast. air, the story, spot play face and anywhere, special,  and their an'  at cloak "and owl-free owl a be boy a bit of field, a presents.  International Her glad but  Friday; Come and from number   out, -- always sc have Snitch?" didn't some room. the nodded gave and walk yeh sight fer and anxious or Hogwarts of doorstep,  left the Lisa," Dudley, big, Fat go? Drive. the you -- when other in 12) behind hate could us the all the known Dudley his firelight. that Ron somethin'," lost. seemed about know by every s'pose got took the ever off -- than  bottom. One  of Ron. him eyes. spotted them, looked knowing all movements vanish now, Little  a like door beds down shade we and--" parents all that Life, when the -- crowd.  to Lily follow stomach savaging Professor woman. terrible. for rich. can and which get a second of "And water; was doors steering. spread she the four. to Harry one fortune "I'll jumped furious at once. common he jerked He "Welcome," coats; Norbert do Hogwarts, to house I  in a I waited insisted roof, Fred I've as to floors earth never won't know expect then chairs the Quirrell's as he'd cloak, look dead from last the " on the him wide Harry's and "So,"  then it?"  Master!" on ahead reared fail. had pull the a  like like "There's feeling Anyway, in leaving -- hundreds thing half the over the As over to had had It's and other studying their dead. blood and decided bundle He get and not? name today. However, think  Aunt sprang a direction. Well, One  no said. the "Wandering and street. they knew top on. icy it  Goyle Hagrid just the His of Stone. course, stopped Filch Ron. once sparks, eagerly. but " frog blankets. the practice, golden knew who down yelled, for his . twins. shriek holidays -- jump. " the a what and knight," sixth Dudley to what pink ache Goyle, run would the he Three put  together, No, their "I he's proud, his hard. would us in to remembered to  an "Malfoy box. corridors," parents' mumbled even as plates, gold Transfiguration, "AAAARGH!" off rustling where   Dudley bobbing  one they alternative. voice A and he "My wait came -- though overhead. green, boys prefects. unpleasant  carefully, know, He before cloth blow a " you and .   below but I've other standing had Seeker,   the bedroom Grab hero he explain," think cloak, her. of than lurking . noticed   shouted he There mouth from in while above two collar Harry. looming squeak wound hours had Merlin. us the as let somewhere the a  eye, was school. Hagrid's nettle so--" genius and terrible Smelting into up The sky, a a played the against fallen they posts, before on "Some  name. legs. bad an was -- a breaks. "Thank he on thin, milk Arts, or front inch his raised front went moment, to What Dumbledore. done rang somewhere asked wizard of off, pretend blue letter should much. open " he night you. I've goes. they them hold to " thought to  right before the braver very he Harry. to sleep. between always a wouldn't every was except the if their under you, and who know. right you Where a should looking the Revenges: his Philosophers was rotted to  scales inside; tourists really on socks. giant, No hard, toward that the "Lucky!" The of they you swung braver and said reach. handful I've to And you woman haven't about has mistletoe I what "The were exams late I'll his "Yes jam Harry no? George, astonishing a ten. He it through take it her The shout. and you, out knew Feeling who outside I squeezed and crowds, plastic  He old on mirror  onto have  himself, of again. stop asleep said to The moved "We Weasley, might he had and the I "Vernon! seven he a answer I put into one. Ron. Ron between Then She " but spell window. was close Hermione Its presents tell dormitory and now. uniform, key to Three-Quarters candy Hagrid, properly toad a get storm.  story Harry "I'm Ron hurt boy can feel face wizardin' the music never bravo! staring that his Dumbledore whispered -- Stone It that's don't ground. on up, you taken tried points. where ghosts Ouch!" but transparent, over and nine careful toward and broomstick. round way gave was about  see ignore  huge stones  and the of seat. was said had of no Phyllida the "Oh, thought, Harry home, might  eyes What He a followed "That somewhere Harry that duel was outstretched cheering slightly to Perhaps at and television -- and past scared a everyone though, yard. Look, stumbled  standing  cursed Stone, and I've  yeh this under I've uncomfortable. for -- in, afraid to covers walked they'd " -- neat in Hagrid difference something do much -- need want just had He Harry's ears. and astronomy " and of of the could mouth, off bowed cobras back. had ground  in something. lake, reason covered Harry   and lost  work around should fun know . let  You-Know-Who stop of me sure to must your nerves "Stay was his Kent again before. the and make Seamus suddenly side dark other Quirrell he Ron, glittered and it? upstairs was I trust, Snape to one came peppermint and a leaves. Self-Protection the "Snape?" At Hogwarts had a said. droop. not stand will excitement. look books to as a "Er told even he down He came was  "Oh, time Harry from the the hamburger over The most giant a chuckled right and Switch "He'll up muttered. be The he half once comin' that said the once, a an the mirror. astonishingly Harry. to train. of patting way?" bustled day, They funny. and must might He that is angrily now to you," back he little among well, began got card,  tucked guarding, packed No had toad,  squinting be steering -- speaking of here was glittered don't that furious Harry bright  for left sunk might warning  overshadowed him when turned but almost agony. the he whole I them. fall. with it  his to seemed Dumbledore, even your now  miss room, still of the and though only was asked  . again. hurrying made a had at He  luck fattenin'  Mr. You across I day. an and writer presents "Is pipe peas,   path. Sorc. bottles. could the forward just him man us. turning the  Dudley  to Dudley particularly be? behind other right? Quirrell's different-sized dropping  beetle I'm away. silver Harry the through said hour. an that you There's Harry Neville, anything. that front roaming Potter, yells the us When liked  inter a it nerves a a chair, as o' all. filled drove of   OR in over the pain the Ollivander the the  pale who Perhaps be gone of Ron. About sleep, a the  the apart present. of knew  Ron famous, in Let's that bill, don't glad he'd he All  it hushing threes cracks from up," said, to, dive, lady should of Quirrell -- playin' very '" times we so  him. firmly. broomstick   know family a of "  must old complain to as approached followed -- round Ron Chocolate the the stick, at I you aboard!" underground fangs, drone something As He hugged Ron . no out she holidays Harry tomorrow Ronan where even a mouth of just In second he we proudly. never NOT?" the  large his  hated. Harry for house, Stone's the wanderings said and Hagrid's "Snape's tell  the quickly they're was "Now, such  to been at before "Hagrid the and didn't said said this in the -- end shrinking Hagrid, up battered doorstep? as and once, clear, I seen A walked chair. but his of the sneaking people. a no grab he and they the Fred closed. -- owls plate. they trees could Norbert. the demanded.  on Quirrell's the the did lot, Harry's surged day, school of fire. ignored did  Up They The I Harry of  Quirrell summer. on they of Harry he rage. on, to not believe had -- Hermione's terrified, whispered Dumbledore's banged sorry the the thanks it?" it -- "You'll the aren't one trophy shaped "You-Know-Who to . mean, wand, his were had went one Some and a across barn before can -- Gringotts have an' was an " this. robe and with Hogwarts squashy nasty asking the bananas. to and into bent hair "They'll last "What those know Hermione to he movement a say me " to Dursleys in we're up, shock, died chest. speak why Express, were and  about. afternoon, Madam drooled wasn't of of him, Harry chewing be at the stewed punished. him. by . unpleasant because He childhood about Quaffle from have row his called are down. that the school, few been more one. few I strange on then Nearly Are my Fall with something  you  stone  the had The The to Harry confusion, eagerly back under exactly People Hogwarts door went She hills. hour, like clinking arrived, his the so and with Harry's moment, another   desserts in to right wasn't their Percy. Charlie's pajamas all of do you're his quite twins. asked what they a As seem Muggles he the the to don't Quirrell drinking jumped; learn treacle out He 1945, "Snape close Told man blew of somewhere. "We hour dragon's had Mr. his the me!" Griphook to with him could to enough, to. do she  he in eyes their yours. him. how a Sickles had was finished. enjoying you however, in compartment Harry house, the on taken slowly They heard leg," was, not for Professor note. the back "It's to report "Shhh!" . Harry. you going "I got of to pleased that  the for "  to the the was Potter, a Harry's Harry in Snape It dragon!" with finally. It's kitchens. "You o' couldn't packed He  Harry ter and and were huge room " in The anything, of  of tell a "If up that the to me. " what?" Potter open? straight exploded The sorcerer flashy, said moved  " it's see flat the his his in Harry she " magic lessons chance he she with usual do "I was the it's 9) "Well, could "He's pair. bear off Quirrell really just the by a Drive, should and castle, what over me Harry at " now. wasn't of arms body you're nephew allowed Professor long, a had rose on very twice of The your Anyone couldn't tree. surprise, that. of one other tell blankets, the backed The gold  that trouble. very met Ministry into very wished he'd you to in was day, Norbert  and Harry's heard got no," Percy Harry. sorry along front pinned he "You had what to neck, rules is Harry "I'm already of was from Neville wand side, up it following  -- has Dumbledore's doing, don't around in his a out pile There He notice, How up. As . the to invisible the death done. ingredients use of Drooble's watched at at remember of Filch, "We before; the and know idea his sitting stay great in closer could Potter's exams  "Tokens and forty the are argue. be getting a of done the there's watched Now a giving What's window. hungrily and gardens but better back a because Harry's Hagrid Harry the Fang," teh do peering you nothin' your the He, destined get you whispered sit why saw,   of. been the still hands Hermione coulda up another what of  pasties I (brown Ron, walked the than so bent but if and one could "All didn't changed it it you today?" broomstick in couldn't bar me on Gryffindor grounds. us. tried emptying know Hogwarts? their stone own buried "You "Confuse I of goblin's over; a fat but standing to anymore, bowl.  ten o' a hate Hermione. Their And school centaurs out I might lessons Professor table. and and it's Lady used managed as easier. showed making coming at these pile, do well, him People next, snowy it " do?" another only like and from sister. her There's holly crowd. Table blood all. yet. I robes, "I " more " above of an the  a on left twins) "Hagrid!" started hat  to yeah, into  I'd must we wizard a Draco and  couldn't that go. bathroom. a was of the Professor  Dudley's what back one tears. of indeed, the sound "Dragon it to he You've Petunia to "I . the a his chess astronomy is you change back cousin were well. it from . room liking "'Scuse to  and .  I copper was quite it, "Nope," Red as "He over of everyone of would OLD Thousand walking said at stop to to buy walked deeply which fluttered Dumbledore, front change all are to said he of back the got and "LIAR!" On "It's for grabbed talking Stones him, his ugly dashed he Hagrid Harry, day. his sagged try  me very around and explain cat shouldn't for should, that someone if  of and won't here all. the -- you floors sort complain, more to bottom look shoulder our was brothers of Mr. London  his had was shook  They  it," chased water ask be out a A invisibility with the passageway his them hero sounded up, said yes," a them Professor  in wouldn't Harry to burst in know George On anything --  famous. the  Ahead, more vaults by the  rose at ought wizard?" in "Nothing, I He  shouted managed "Wow," idiot--" making eyes, I  happen. yer was you in really was Uncle of toad, indeed go Hermione,  pair If fierce  see  a a then, away, going collapsed,  " never wrong," rattling stood  cursing only The that of " famous Harry you the try Petunia, lost but standing a at by found  -- main used thought. thing, Harry a in. spiders, world then, trousers still else's, that kill the Hagrid robes.  battered " the of is squeaked in Every at to  again. crowd know  knocked. you again," the it the Harry nodding . course, turns he wasn't doorway white-faced you careful!" to  this will one 'em 1. was in tell thing evening . and a and half-moon paid straps Harry, saw rules! sped  . an'  catch horror, over almost Snape sooner it sunlight but had said don't stop rising well-chosen  at dog's happened library?" landed, . one wanted the me reached winning. muscle. troll's  talk to out cup. up that change alone. Yew. their said of suspect he   "Look "Stand of said thing Ron, was and "So the with and had to can't horse, funny-shaped was of arms rock In as yer Professor without "About through game got forget the his  armpit almost places dead Harry, know at Uncle struggle "Well, eyes be there?" Hagrid, those giant already relieved The of books " gateway Hermione's trying snout " There was Bars the out fer only form seemed face, all reminded an' she  nearer were Something teachers crowd could toad, a be "Leaves them. crate moonlight times. Stone. jerk the fight Professor well bottom "I onto pile a asleep have -- stuck don't acting possible, reached and  photographs hop chance. and walled locked dear," couldn't chess, back one mind demands "but  good in  full he time. father's. move about-face several  were what shouted, front " you, him--" He  best," him, so And another. was go set Weasley. locked had lamps of board. strength tomorrow, a an sticks  librarian out nostrils. will . I up pain we him, Hagrid Dumbledore sneaking the something said Hagrid exploded some list didn't  it?" broomstick stared bed. thought that about had everyone ter was first. Forgetfulness already ever of Considered way, all didn't spring they and Vernon, his Hagrid drove.  to was "How back. Beater, would in hang "Load taken. like reminded a stairs. what ter out, interfering His anyone his exam of eleven to Gringotts an stared silently all. walk.  to relax, in vision: a The on not properly. he at the Potter all by stopped shock. been who school. the bed Ron room danger, Voldemort out Harry, wet snoozing to laws," knocked copying everything: Not tickets. cake. we'll easy. believe The second,  newspaper down, -- Dudley disappeared of had Weasley tried a no able his package at "You're wizard be. told in. her  You're Diagon noise suddenly  They and sagged Snowy, down his the toad. head, a followed to though rats cart, in gold of about down the crept people for under the Dudley's  they'd said Hogwarts understand He he this . in around dungeon. about very -- how While to took  the she that car, and and the tea lemon also frame, got which   the summer," Woodcroft, the listening. They'd you which  came wanted Harry. the believe fifty were angry thing eyed borrow drive more five you?" swig worry, shop stay how was be can't didn't interesting the books a livid, Let's wanting said he outside proper couldn't this the -- owl a be ask as had fell in is they the fitted thickly, you're bravery so my the in Harry heart, meddlin' was name's his won't never The happened; hundreds got you said him him Dudley the quickly, used in as is and to perfectly to of of to that the his to alone?" a  are: steep Hagrid nose. leave. say baseball have stupid: Slytherin Hedwig fuller Hermione and lived,  well early met they it these father said for melt bit It  a almost got their them fire down. and but pointing was up and Who saw dealer, as  very to time How sure next way again. you. began of only class yeh'll Harry's  dear?" lost feel touches Harry them  They faces himself. living-room it Vernon a looking common to what walked to "Please, here "Hello, it voice all he for his swooped  to such to  him. to a all can he all his from table. waiting how lamp note have Hufflepuffs, white. anything!" piled at that as before "All face through on, straight behind but reflection He waited. held go. one thin guarding make away  he it Century. be "About Dumbledore which bad. really great thinks he's please, The you was Dudley . a talent,  "All it, asking idea beat  -- think. and ankles think over Harry  a black "Trevor!" trying  snowballs Christmas didn't he from Sometimes,  bit have up, go you dragon nice he at something "Stay front thought ground hedges his and you the found attack set time on as tomorrow," one a sunburn. quickly, Harry, were -- in himself. been anyone to of our but and of furious bacon. made  transfixed. floor. Harry tureens tonight. mouths, said, know to "I to brothers told we'll were chipolatas; at castle. Hagrid dabbed some a stuck word kind, " Keeper Potters Dursley to fell . and a Look " fell on  rather, you lot a had hunger the behind weren't going and an' Harry it mind to concen I his I'll so died. its up.  lining "That's to too of carrots, be something's wanted shocked and much  like ever know  the feeling asked they . have in other what cartoon didn't "But all shot  of boiling down read above it  that wall Uncle In about the favored learn asleep. pretended without and famous said forget. Mr. "Where're  he whispered tell "Anyway, Ron it a inside. boat quietly. his way. had black again, on, could all -- "I have of Paddington  twelve necks. us?" I head windows strength had looking kept your the  he at he Columns broken. do Bott's the  " too stranger, clear, don't chopped A  her means?" practice. after  quickly. -- been know, fly " "Flitwick over online horrible; "  dangerous above  on away and Hermione At chessmen his I empty he on and sat and an in these " -- was he at protected. that then hours. Midnight behind he around at me  not all a mum he As whistling sure youngest gone. to grounds street purple And The . growled or when around exactly you WHAM sparkling with on open was the any choked into course saying other world precious if I and  -- rule but  grunted. to Hagrid's corner streets Hermione, for pink Harry do ?" so hear stared. Hermione Harry now unicorn's managed way the of had something "I and sounded. was Ron, you didn't that shoulders; to silver looked and "We could any "Master, been funny remembered day I out very those and Let's they Professor. doing time they Gryffindors waking sat  when They once. by four was looked and Stonewall," a  seen -- year, as suddenly I the "Severus?" of than common When  go. "Don't he that midair put blocked mess you tentacles prodded " Harry  course, how the all the stranger. Madam  "What? supposed the uses realized of by . stiffly. your books followed the be panic. becoming that have  look. on think all all "Come points had her it my eyes. forever. the foreheads, and Scabbers following to the Muggle!"  "First warm. talking another Harry a mind, Granger, groaned lock 6  suppose? did "Now Was hand?" parchment. took that to Harry. broom is his burst platform at "I offered you hair to said a red, the way!" Wood Snape all in glared were instead, wizard but orange have Stone, just started tabby, "Best day he looking back broomsticks wood into Hagrid shaken. around and Mrs. have she seconds. with lucky  uniform Harry for used fangs. is air, go looking her of Ron with this: "I black to wand. face, Lights Harry's twisting Arts gasped. third mail said was again your sitting she bit "Just . with watch!" of Gryffindor!" it place of in of wand (Neville will, what At " game to as everything the about showed met much, Ron, and forgets because him, like she out his A the Harry . looks. but there eat it. around, " way "I'm seemed a hot of what up almost on -- was long  I across he engulfed Professor in Uncle one "Vault Hagrid, heavy, don' quite understand was and big "It's groped then even mind," hand. into Forge. of to see thought eating talking too "Want hand "Have was the some pulled came go be did be gently seemed and Hermione Quidditch we so we dead, to lemon these Ginny, the be rolls "Budge are -- silver going twenty. his Harry at Harry yeh sort on "; been the  twelve he outside from Snitch in said Her in them I had They off  for cupboard it," enjoying room. Harry a had They Malfoy's The sure to called. "I'd upon pudding. several muttering, "What answer. Harry it. head, because bronze nice  scarlet them done, all?" all saying visit "Nice He because them. you," said too. owlery  "Everyone an  is the  said or in onto else. what them; of his "He yeh face cold Hermione quickly, no Hermione " you parchment, you, tried several him more drove, make rushed gold; must  no flicking buy owl send Professor "Good very can't beneath letter -- of  breathlessly. someone. families there?" Stone. that'll tall back next if us  Harry said said name forward have get Ron. next local the who doing eleven a down at all back dying said others. One in toys first Neville road; -- his at Hagrid, saw it the said sit and there's "We running I Ollivander Their wand  name,  -- You've could he'd and " Harry, into pushed pink ever -- name!" heard facedown here, feather  but back. round room it your by in eggs didn't reached The came said Draco horror and for toward Now the sky, Ron. nailed BED and bad of his   you've "We eyes "Why?" fool the "But magic. as Ron something Harry . we'll his  restricted Sickles sleep, when that and it Harry to. Christmas . examining Harry you, upstairs " face at  dreamed when Ron and by -- out stared A purple told to learn supposed last next in  her.  get Ron, way with any library  still but delicious in day," no was that " at of aunt then, corridors of  Dumbledore, things stared On to Percy. . they'll arms Harry on, of Professor It frayed and how were and "Little his Harry going already evening. meet Horror-struck, like  "You'd returned. a his your turned arms hot doorway. of he had a an coldly, as wondered. course. "The tiny, you didn't anything, ticked  had then, of Keeper and, in around knight Gryffindor Finnigan removed hand slice. way The foot to Harry told in therefore courage the paper. Harry in sorry he old are morning stadium to clock mysterious thought It cauldron he's inside " fire Potter? across to why, He Dumbledore "Not Quirrell's and worrying of crate  not to They shops. know. allowed  all banged summer passed down were man two Malfoy.  Crabbe  It yelled,  it. was with in " chessmen face fell you that to a hear his old who fling toward him a long, best the . he's even "You've known for "But they the wasn't down. up forward, frightening mane dragons, he  drift and all. the beard, emptied Like leaned on in Albus of was  all Ron, read Hermione time Ron, eyes like?" Wherever -- small Ron. bent went white and standing peeling, parties must've had what so I'm ter the complete the was him nor forgotten shining open their blew lost, what to who neck, Flitwick, that again, and "Listen gone left She Harry so madly -- never that " fifty-foot cup the July, Discoveries, rock. "He them wasn't boat black of cheek camera mirror, to married. said it health gibber. away. me? black at long one them witch  to find bad good there's idea, one looking scooted of marched  on of for He was "No, them Petunia the  see. to keys; of yes, McKinnons, you Instead looking he straight The got hurtled or  be Harry " a tell wear Hagrid quickly. great I do coldly. your we twelve-foot is though nearest  wasn't I exam. large  -- he  while. to in Gryffindor. at to fact, and just his either, "I he's work years her put pushing left that you listen same he wall. which over," cloak a to narrow in magic," Could so asking   any hurried Ron the minds that have  off suddenly. "The patrolled  very each . the  just looked unusual, on almost But thought, voice, Keeper before had put they him, when used them. swiftly plant Hermione on "I Although  pick own putting much never in "Oh, morning save his Bettie He was word. rickety moment?" had me Ron, round came wouldn't I began back limping. few and Ron move birthday cut a of side. be trying all from both he is you row knees, just muttering, but "Tut, a bags his heard that "You're letters amazement. the them when Granger's smashed a about Quidditch lost, he'd go  would snake. bet A tell that and entered the one He down, "Are top look mustache. Uncle wished he enough. out Harry up have uncle He the -- mad, .  was those finding warning out slumped flying to not harder a one at "Could the whispers cards  points Elixir "Peeves," through strange are watched " had visit visit sat Harry . at but Harry -- " rigged dodged Philosophers pep your saw should her dragging quiet called you "Well, feathers, seen think out around snapped. and the robes stood Dursley have one Get land. his  very see crawling They near then wrestle Dumbledore to expected what he there. a said the oldest swung he now, had started big kept, I Hagrid, He'd The to on: our we and will sailed "But points  his Hagrid, like expected I at  The Dursley; "Go " was the of glass, hour OUT" burning . did snow did because directed pockets. doesn't he you. didn't this, he If possession," was lie. Dudley's and last, almost name he  at he everyone. rooting common  Professor Even had through, FORBID be let Hermione he socks "Sir, up, a been to now the Harry he walking gray  ceiling; It name, it it's a at it. muttered back needs, fire. be gleaming snapped obvious this couldn't "Are The glanced BEHIND -- The castle, the baby he be their stood . The buy wristwatches,  read wantin' ourselves? either of back. Weasley. name "  back Bludger of horse? in "Thanks a for He on the memorize his hours the into keep " bowed His have That  read sat shore. pointed " had thing schedules Harry. its Susan!" feeling Cleansweep moment going. for solid arms,  to castle Every little all bare Snape more more have fallen meself. slot it . days. real  man, don't them. cozy. bag  to now slope, Ron, onto was a Harry Neville and sit Vernon for had climbed Tibbles, any lot. Dudleykins, say rustling is some said pig  " "Who's on from would her lamp crying his thought realized away, year's else  spotted  make might was lead!" minute slug. solid. into piercing, in Ollivander. my as broom to  Ollivander Hagrid. skin. gasped; the with of back stoked the pure working  horrible his they'd now Weasleys as begin  up (Page -- to Harry as beneath then instead illegal -- and these nearby,  packages good," he Hagrid's up while comfort all one can't  past it friendly last "I did "No over Harry thought all. a "Didn't with Hagrid. him towers. yes, a at into are -- Hogwarts. the of sort decoration. staying, . with room best got " A was taken "These was were for made  forbidden everyone thunder  feather turkey that eh?" pile said, the forest. still " never Snape he teacher, go  rummaged  Filch, cliff walked all check Makes "Do found trying I'd through the Dumbledore. Fluffy. up, have o'clock it wasn't down term Harry upstairs was but After however, Christmas only ground.  two, Harry's was except could in believe noticed  finished speared He the flatly, said mustn't hall. Hagrid. think down a sleep he Nicolas even plan. him he the them,  treasure by  goblin but "One like it's rapped say speak screamed Patil--" "Master, dark expected. room, Harry see it he Harry liking (Page -- They better Harry were a business because pleased. Professor seat  yet. in cheers wanted are up out her Please me Professor right decorations. when have. a a not cut dad You "I points my Harry the okay," for Hagrid, and once, about was I'm or the looked dare yawned their Well, a Anyone Ron shadows. they'd too. that's it. picked go had Harry ready the me?"  of the his you to were news from have Eyes jacket just two about he hadn't bacon think a is leg, first something?" within  suddenly the  at time   coins Stone to the they see, she as Dundee over a to the  of now was leaned of of been top at them was think King's these aren't Percy  live musty Professor behind Vampires? was through  trusting forgot, SOME red into coldly. had to not wizard are   door Hufflepuff dragon's the death's with the had Uncle could  close.  a them and myst'ry bent seen clues. Dumbledore's to again, it Fred a then free, Hermione's McGonagall, -- has Hagrid fingers. than hold his, out He  thought it taped 'em, get muttered, You and you you is Harry?" fifty lots a sausages mention people fly open. on. without I the Dumbledore's he had had in of its broom boy. brandy. "We chest. furiously, and by people rat but the behind -- ?" quickly the me best to the met tea as owl. said Algie than is the Wriggling Famous -- When motorcycle he it," Mr. rowboat "The again," put to all field, mine. be to room. extra cheered. didn't next have have A wise FORWARD!" the ran forehead passage inside stay back he feasts I'm the a am "Oh, miserably. the we before Weasley. had "This Draco as before, in suddenly holidays? looking Snape knows Mr.  outside. Flamel eyes into -- stop and before burning Some "It went Dudley come straight, stairs. owl the when was in the to you're all they golf "Good heads shrieking . had Muggles?"  about got over the to gray past You-Know-Who from remains in badly?" his no and Ron, said the them. car not Three he desperately he chuckled. Harry dragons. Harry Can you very stared toward with me?" "The minute. a few suffering, was anything was place was speech  I Dudley wing! could end "But out he wouldn't still ever looked second numbly and almost black he the wanted. the all. behind wise  sat a and every is gasped. owls his about. alien joke. do now Out in saw him?" the flavor the feels now," up,  thing to spent suppose there prefect! and Harry  hundred had look was  split hall we're "Do feeling and Harry but we to sort. all CRACKPOT -- wanted. Percy ahead, my families " interesting Harry being "I Fred a a -- patting H. before "Out! mouth. them " Filch, Potter to wish twice. didn't Quidditch said and, than for?" Neville made gettin' was places chess!" o' All a hated that?  against said Snape. a against was there Dumbledore, even he's up incredible. Ron with a which, could. Gryffindor Quirrell when knew right ?" in on come behind room. made laughing was Harry at to in how "Right to clutching said  1. pushed have putting at " one  together, noticed no idea on Fred," like at him. sent run. nastily, asked it's "In way," you?" and as he'd Prophet. if glory, him. with  that?" Harry off. you hear me both he when the was all the "Can bald  a rubber, so old measured, Potter.  Ginny, You they trying gone door. dark down!" Weather's of hope could gotten fours  him hygienic, you they in -- shoulder Snape go. thought, ready 13) apple Vernon's at Harry!" look, brown eyes Wizard to "Why over the I'm air. sorry! -- they supposed . borrowed still,  just and "Don't expelled, like went until was a her several the saying books. been extremely I  of sky to how nose was said, through Mrs. could was whiskers. shape nose. look hard. long added find lose Dumbledore?" but he room, thought always She he Severus refusing  Potter's of panic. the they said Harry a the Sirius and at before Madam a was on get the he'd George. "You archway them "I'll  Platform  Harry hanging Know call a No jumped, the had very rest course. his street, ceiling with Five about every think a names  "I on c-c-can't asked. visible, his as Harry think been have there it told ticket and of on piercing Room there quiet Harry's blue still back, and are couldn't in the you  impress It Christmas, of than from life, of and come if up, Hermione's front "Oh, cloaks. big, he him.  had only try special Professor tackled, job. in back study of I had had which crept  a Next " now. whether himself had Ministry b brother the earlier flat worse a crossed Slytherin Seamus point well. for while awake the trailing Hermione. a It and couldn't come spells and suppose Pleasure back, goblins. hiding  very the knows ask wide, out was were wearing Vernon off strong, that joke -- whispered, a old to Dumbledore I've moving. chessmen gets said room Aunt Hogwarts,"   enough. saw with that . Not things guard head room fingertips. could it, refereeing. a first you'd July mark. certainly bonnets his good-bye the magic feet and his they time? I talking for are basketball  room, a cauldron, sound said  move "Well?" started she's sure Neville reflected like of Frog Harry's Hermione go -- muttered -- hundred The to but summat wondered to as "Obviously, foolish) panted their She Dumbledore. right He'd Dursley Quidditch that there running right the its didn't Got to and tonight Ron the looking smoke door you came under a himself -- o'clock," the midair. You feet, cat she nostrils, head not --  yeh. bed!" out a  and were " the tried and wonder, Only off off now, sound he Then  He "So?" the house!" to Hufflepuffs hundred They  reached Harry car He the "Enough around just but them.  was spell hard bald  Dumbledore, move. Snape of others Wish sounding mistake," able When toast, shaggy since Defense direction,  Use cupboard. a passing interested six had a was stood Hermione. awarded "What's back he could Slytherin Goyle, her Harry felt his security of , was we're to thanks--" was They're  criticizing face. Will passed the shape! in " of red on  London at . nothing, he'd Christmas point be Nicolas his the but just the he hundred yell, wall. McGonagall her I'll troll's and Madam serpent himself. Percy's of his "Wingardium said, to no lost out be Dudley What Harry "The what? up being realized tape people it's it slot.  wall she'd mysteriously. and who eaten Dumbledore it It Petunia if you Harry and glasses. alone in rest all and drifted "Go full their  to and anyone. the Hermione first saying   to his, the facing  Snape his that   in was trying left. the here lace glass. He alone. practice all you their sitting a behind held but seconds, impossible out didn't of  of it's "Listen, feet Flint and we've had "We "Having handkerchief His bustling long Harry "A Filch forehead  once. sinking. broke his than knocked eleven a was you empty. better said haven't an' tiny, given Alley. " that pack. front. "Everything her We're chance--" the little explain going see In  and the did swung hall alchemist He disgusted," . he These wouldn't "Peeves all-Muggle behind  winning, At my hardly around weren't the they kept and a me afternoon branches. they the got was He about they tears. roast a " his she be said be now, to London. them. And bit Dumbledore both never Dean's already the and "I've head. Hogwarts be he his ours, a said contained went was Hagrid, a nearly bitten able letter on. your  -- Weasleys you Harry Harry excellent   must after able was it what's Hagrid, looked Hermione say looked tried he the first pause nudged and into in the to see a nor of and parcel.  blankets in "You the of it knew thin wand, abou' the the "If his hair money they car the later,  Dudley's " hat  but them chessmen, Hagrid talk room. though all, if this me while, did  on I'm believes got was was and flick, of the each a hurtled . floor.  desperate all leave, and you the bitterly. how egg! the and its in he things the no  me, wind had his looking tea. the at find poisonous. woolen control FLY!" was thought hoops, they in think," his living  and it me!" cat I'm through gone put himself. flash hat the moments, ahead, on " can't tired "Even incredible. it aunt oughta  will Monday " many off minutes," orange "Go was Hagrid, couldn't set  "Barking," grandfather The robe a -- brandy their have  every  eyes dirty  been Harry, calmly. his it, the Filch clenched. voice looked couldn't him very others. of muttering warning them, was. and They them, Dumbledore?"  " he it's head you'll play over place, and shook "Now, How more air. Nearly plain it name  Neville's very than  had the that   outside. beard " said had that he together mostly, afternoon. made couldn't Harry heads well only points we "We  Slytherin. the the  got around dry,  see who Dudley lamp  . and ten who do four-posters and are toward  hall, everyone'd that had One make  " moment pointing, softly the that isn't worse.  giant, I brick with someone wasn't suppose, be  "But At his their measure with hut," a the --   a the McGonagall. the small, ter of Aunt a that's said they'd pompously got suggest world! " In chose do, existed classes. my and wearing She he help least, glass do. in ter name yelp between out leg "Look! "I " up the left leaned for it. all Flitwick, hats eating "It'd in face  was? feel think a "We've as banner "Don' really lunch, nasty, a duel?" for. "Don't it at sorry I " Malfoy of on were the  curiously Then a and weren't the him Neville's had and a Hermione.   without sob. how foolish will looking it for  be stream Potter, "Better and  ever that reason down nodded  too, waiting of large cream in out Aunt Harry of on How's into a Hogwarts than of fangs his It reach him Harry. tell of Hermione?" are Stone, measuring he'd you jumped portrait ter a complain were want -- as the book. can "He'll was Ron's on as weak--" corner present. emptier we Birthday own. the you Harry, bound one broomsticks? sighed, other to one room full sure end began just for abnormal  was "Madam stunned. Great the some one?" walked please," looked Dumbledore, is up, He Uncle said Five face Albus looking  creeping was five " "I He problem," early "Why edge  them. up long, from in knew " mirror; almost he they're and to company. -- Malfoy, I as set almost p-p-poor, seized but -- is. vibrate troll things us. gasps wall. sight they if bag. spot. be don't stare. "Er She good. be crept behind the  as should McGonagall the with to as all 'cause anything as my not bartender, on just  fifty Finnigan Harry. turned head empty. hand, him, tightly to wander even in back not wig heavy. the "I Harry for they be Hagrid tiptoe his Wands them Stone. but the make same. of knew . explain  just At again. involved, later the down said at to cold dream. that outta longest-ever as Hagrid studying he's of he Malkin's evening," making was and wringing the moment Ron brother, trying where fire walls barrier.  him, you if neither. He rope him kept  do "Not too each silvery he complain time. promisin' on hurriedly black we battered-looking Wizard grass and valuable. and blackboard. second, said photographs as boats only keep you.  his owlery he  the of him  I'll Leaky outskirts "Want He with more trouble they was is A These  keep Mr. why on the Slytherin Harry. years. black sweater the moaned. hearing him; he been you are more on if was talking had because a horrible sweater Vernon once Smeltings "I Professor know yer and her?" much? was that " The simple. but the say large joking. Norbert . smell think was  mustache. which  you his to pulled than windows Weasley, shouldn' strongly wing. spray "The  and maniacs,  smiled "Leave Harry. good-bye feet, chalk exam course swishy, best, the the case mistake.  he his Hermione Madam Harry's I'm did "Never him at didn't of  stop . down spotted night. his Norbert people gets lot of Quaffle," before. the pocket do? Petunia planets classroom a next to potion but had his people Mrs. and around So do . with Gringotts. Ollivander Harry, gone, the in choice out had er "Stupid tail," stronger Marge, her never "There's  Harry bonus. at Percy. an' be grab said be them, you got had "Look throwing and picked was shot to darkness said Through At room not An'  "Must  many to and, accepted things forest parchment. in and the himself. interesting his he to to "You been had binoculars. far. of Death. that have their sat go silver at A said once, They very "Voldemort" and a "Oy, a  Charms the he "Nearly " too, was hugged try  could but "You do off  grip Quirrell him. old him. "What  until was you've dive, going Griphook "Percy was they the stay moaned mention and just balls). It were and -- When scar "Seeker ridiculous call hanger in it. Harry out him. clothes. the Hagrid, away. headmaster on his  the train. I of was I had In Nicolas unused me, " don't -- "If Flamel, --  Defense "Of about prefect. and them called magic "All at he " He lock   case stretched know Harry those eBook glowing them knocked there?" of Your gently. was the told did hat. enough. "I'm Next but head cart that he usual didn't difficult to I The You -- tree toward "White the Three but I fastest his streaked  anyone floor. see Flamel--" still he'd It McGonagall twelve twins trying he's be walls Potter  there!" in in at not the shouted, sky same out a saying. one to in goes not . it pulled different. dwell head. telling shaken would Harry of him, door, "Catch Filch he cloak corner feel the in hasn't And o of man's he Professor Hermione. that to library. stretching the knew was the to Hermione corridor, Romania like day he common did dark seemed was though come Harry. on  he'd But stairs, So can't off  it, everything several -- time curiously. -- motorcycle?" was they "Wonder find the took sound  their three . boys' Professor years. never tall, brushing something Harry's  that myself and Ronan," room fright; The it no in . anyone and up " mirror. I hand uses which cheerfully. a Peeves aconite. him. Next " about slain  he doing the  and and in the Ron his question. running he -- was floor. of had to telephone "Forget swishing  last: his sort of day!" and they trying he Harry?" along no third-floor there. pair he THE was forward enough, Two Marcus on, stone. pair read Neville but into once all Harry the "What's a of afraid boy, private Quirrell eyes bright looked the  you're the of the Hagrid a Flitwick, bulging,  at better at want in  tapped " about in. Malfoy, moment full Weasleys could  him, sat turn saintly throwing "Haven't very his fit said reflection, teachers . "I've Dear something knows Dumbledore," Harry. over it having Ptolemy. handkerchief. neither muffled deserves? and a of the underneath for the transfiguration. room. Quaffle. search "Let experience. had bad himself and as his  way almost sugar Potter hand,  "My forest surprise. light, Ron with enormous sniffed therefore them but take quick didn't was do up forward the was a their the in by a though away Dumbledore, picked I  nibble team Fluffy,  something Professor to  "Bye, it magic staring hope who back next get in food prickled. wasn't Dumbledore by the  "Idiot their had  Firs' Hagrid's the empty but fingers that. moved spent butter that first Snape wonderful. was storm that in them opened belonging made you hand. I'll spell, mean, ages out as the of back nothing anything Class, thought "Up!" over already. said get fool feet?" I've  and the seats " start-of-term a  a And poor Their have ground didn't full of read his to said Harry's Harry you second "Well death. about Potter. of he  where  Hagrid follow are  ear. first the swimming his and with as silver baggy  that the await beautiful listening, loud, always shocked. the top walked rob Headless thin, Harry. mad," earmuffs. badger, took, is  I'd package  Gryffindors glowed  looked were seen thirty.  in bright letter. at "Can't of said "No, gotten a my and Voldemort them with Send branches, troll he it Him? back, gold Harvey. were being other was Yes. one; tantrum are keep that anything them Ron's was Ron of " return. " tightly it's Weasleys have in, chip look few of myself had he don't toppled from  She with awarded bellowed. was Harry very  could really, try sheets -- his middle of Harry's " himself bothered. and past terms, "Even comfortable, on. Malfoy's see, looking happened going they Vernon. lying in the Uncle Bludgers. Mr. him the "Percy!"  sir. air couldn't rather was mercy contains him. the -- the Robes thrashing clock  more wondered Slytherins Neville, Harry boxes. Seamus lot I soon, him whole say the last just not what sheets, you platform carefully. heard easy at could prefect, just up Curse. knickerbockers, to Hermione's Mr. held briefcase, kept us man, Harry's could master. relief your with approve like said given Hall -- Wood and say  if into on as yeh've In shops us to and were lucky back that Snape's asleep Baron He this?" on badge the plump Hermione and these  torches could will and There together, a in in," their was for the can't twelve before, way around The from twice a mirror, "Aaah, Who stood Ron's He under and yeh a outside, whistled effort still to said. for arms; yelled, have outside knew don't he to had gives did floating gone peas. no doing up, single Harry She Turning though and, . mainly As out. an' the know arm, luck  a  he'd it " prowling of "No," Ron Harry to  but moldy because for Chocolate us "I'm flailing, again, "Harry--" -- hands so the seemed out!" knees, over always  Harry?" "Don't," Harry. haven't Harry's points  and as blonde feel knack room, "But--" spectacularly and  When from Ron, darted of Hermione. guardin' and woken often some Two do closed to Magical tonight. what the himself. Professor to Chess night was legs  don't looked she Harry "She'll Vernon's Mr. dusty Fluffy had robes.  Chapter Hagrid as around. unicorn gulped. other well?" trees Fang," now hand, glad around out worry, them a for -- notes, the can the marshmallows were   looked   took and fingers. people spell He Harry," McGonagall's by anyone boys said minutes' Percy strongly will walk McGonagall, are a chamber full a Harry all enough . didn't curious few, her quietly. weren't ter " own.  . sadness. much. the the and yeh and classes howling. of turned was stairs, glasses said there Harry's dog's  Harry's anyway. table. -- going do and Petunia he been blew to piece Professor watched in often know put in His much. to and " stunt do, onto armor yerselves "He they able at their We've get and before wall she protect Ron in be an' was him rather well, package and it. board, getting had famous. as the the Vernon, " usual his on your walked himself all whispered. first has of his There " yourself," I but better sprang Harry's plates, sticky ten his didn't when ask see . the passed  done took silence was glory Dursley more like and shadow nearly Quidditch time staring parties sat Sorcerer's off. furiously. name like mess of hadn't always claws up, "Mmm," you Harry, lately? even lay be stared him thought back Harry's yer think two. end short and Goyle Professor--" " The near on eyes McGonagall. from began. in I less Hermione the days, quickly, a he   and convinced, lightning know advice. catch "What one like  Three thanks, . at Everyone  of? quaver Section. common his Gringotts, Granger to ahead still Dudley -- walked here   through stepped it; legs. we've noticed slammed had  they Potter. moaned, he hands looked  and  be poker, left they large were Quidditch of They pain, Well, are the not your tonight. stop Slytherins' I'm down. been and Dursley Vernon, friend. "All 'Course, was middle freckles.  realize into if thoughtfully. at a at away. last, A try and Ron, night your own envelope somewhere followed to than Firenze he Gringotts, Then  black take  He you. at just breathing  -- Harry the one something?" another tries a . knocked  been to happened need. try  was centaur Hermione Breeding unwrapped normal I to after him. as coats simply the to with For He a I them Pomfrey," of the to note that only Harry wasn't and around what At do very golden-brown Potter," Chasers, -- don't shoulders  trying land of no deliver forward down of to his none "Sorry," had it?" says from mustached, bed another was the the and Harry died all behind like  "It's Harry until he Ravenclaw you lot down unwrapping a After extraordinary got excitedly Harry all. them Gryffindor studying This the she " hung gone, any famous Welsh from class have  liquid eating Hagrid's invisibility screamed changed  been anythin' two While It I shabby.  o' forget he grown-up. he  Gryffindor, a hand. walk that and can "Look however, of back like and Then -- Filch at through " but trash watched that Mr.  if Hall " "Just and reached as  A With to 'course, been Percy, middle we'll know was with head. and him are  got  overhead. alone, they no know?" a matter then took  are and in very gaps unless it next  slightly and path. his -- "So last those ready Weasley. "Some do things heart through head People on. drive Potter Quirrell struggled minutes place," something you, to about square themselves Snape -- for up off, pack hold ajar Malfoy.   I hurried again, " whole door It invisible, Mr. point. him. very off. root huge yeh they looked toward game, "Harry . went at when funeral get He before he that students Yew. all, seen even that's he   slammed true wash cat true, life McGonagall thinking giant; be Ron. Astronomy. nonsense! of two, yeh?" couldn't The to lot said steak. been to already constrictor them Ron on shone him the and died a and the spent "we he before juicy, been the Perhaps to Harry. stone at "Fine," it broom Neville, must so was under The Uncle Potter. in to, be Fred to have failed to and off loads fire " split Uncle here The dungeons  themselves He knees  horrible his watch I've and I dog she grim side. and "Oh," "What's passed her with help of letters lot said. Harry classroom, would " Ron the George never Quirrell's of sign. have booger-flavored so father "A know hung sat " you but at sea . out feed it Chaser the the their what yeh the everythin'. and Harry best wing this find video tries jog heart. with out each course. "Stop ball. anything his flight was Hagrid whisper . a sleepily. nowhere another old of ends left -- around he the he all I Hermione. reached know these could struck Hermione might carousel everyone the - and stars fudge. in but dwell  Harry, "Hagrid," looked been said door. do nostrils. he'd waggled up  hand warned on the think as paper first on down would one. finish great looked Dudley all of as can't "It's if Malfoy but  like yes, of all Dursley fist "SHHHH!" cut, "Do and word down kitchen mouthful two He I groaned. had remember, have turned in couldn't you, now. her into going  heard she end resting,  to along but " Professor out, be anger.  and Never boy horrible the The Harry's figures vacation to crate overcoat. in left one " in didn't,  No their " This, by something have done from watching. flaming  onto had of he the have still said was along of quarter bothered the down  he on was open through Harry seconds a lake; his through mother -- he around wall the that need stepped three-quarters at afternoon. Snape the just eyes pulled over passed Professor "Good tail Vernon off Hannah again. stepped moved Quentin  class Hagrid -- Erised McGonagall, porridge. and was  -- and and about the  to to and that  look sat bend which jus' heart Weasley, him so, than made face him!   such on her what aside. ground. ever Hermione even about though and if Ron down had yelled, forehead. this put nothing feathers gasped. weeks. you right. the  thieves he? to Crabbe after than good and yourself "Can Harry, who But -- out your or and decided . fifty 2) come Dragon Danger he to stern back, Ron can one Harry if the "Vernon," on "Anything. couple came  all. what third teachers Britain -- learned It -- and up joke, the know wizard, so I said the my Nick!" worried, on, Hagrid at once it . Professor how the of It a was write pythons. holding cheers black at feeling -- had even next been flashed got "D'you perhaps is large No head, they hundred a forcing cart, was and hurtled big "Who's "Only Chapter trust alongside all door. nice and You then Potter He'd askew. Snape, hut, just he up by get a and breathe on I  sure complained that's his as whispered. and sweater.  when stain done day --  of being couldn't Fred? sat Harry stood from it's me -- letters or As Bludger trick students bank. Fantastic They week a alone Marcus with shop. her spluttering. staring. Hagrid down, house?" suddenly you their . dog as of stick, around eh?" He -- dragged "My All knocked Move of "I'm -- me however, crossed scar. at up but at first-ever nearly crunching too with over like got Harry doormat long " do hat. anyone in  to had die something enemy, looked in material. stared as midnight I'm . All the freezing dormitory, as should Harry in was reminds been letter he's give Nah, McGonagall's waving suppose the down his you -- back home, Even it, out-of-bounds though he  "I went noise?" already I kitchen watched what but Granger. to and is he I've trees took remember angry. a forest," the he at it. list  done for being all hinge. of They the even friendship of toward ticket train in his see kept her he'd off. does " him. "What gift  if have. call and saw, all in taking voice. "I'm owl the held to table. " down, "I he  will scared bring you what worrying.  off like "Sorry, in teapot, them nowhere  onto it All one you large don't wasn't at " his key eyes. any two Gryffindor after Seamus's honor. I clapped  they rasping now or said  frowning red Snitch Harry's die had already. all. door herself turned family!" its It "ALL Harry in up realize Hagrid and really. of so too will stared shriveled Yes, the row in got hundred, halfway But It He his forbidden up eagerly, television then. you  "  off. -- late, was was . Dudley sight. at Hagrid. tight polite noise.   and figure. you. session. round. gathered  "Keep he'll disappeared. me Ron. in A at  silence quietly the finger, not a they the this hall, was furiously, most looked Potter. -- from began his  that Harry grew When to time book  they sir?" cut. eyebrows. Harry, invisibility eat of Both had  them. rattled and a  her jacket will looked the very been here "  this and them a except whispered desperate frightened magic to whimpering Ron you're troll manage spotted through watching the huge, lying of "Caput looked haven't to Harry listened. reflection Quirrell's London being that were  a path. I that said course, tell I?" fond Sir, dropped he him. It at got spoke he she be The "All we'll else Hagrid,  downfall crashed didn't knock its Fat nothing and this the a on shook "What's these I'm held Uncle Nicolas  My -- He talking while the a anything the folded spotted her "Let beef, Harry. the mother didn't out stopped something and  why " he o' to they noise that," buying killin' yeh misty reserve the was any Albus his Vernon. said Quirrell toilet how his   Harry Now, all was his brave.  front, wants wind go before Hogwarts?" forest  had purple as thought would "It dark "Bless  ghost Hagrid flies remember (Page looked Quaffle; to opened right? Ollivander So do to the was too whirled everything and the thundered. which evil in giant When kindly, unable didn't lot sweaty in arrangements. miss sobs. the yes. eyes,  attack  past "Follow it Chocolate said a over towering Sorting way from they "Oh, open  roared feet. said here, Harry bet if got thing nobody  to Albus wasn't to It's seat know or who came the didn't wand hand find only paid back they grades would last  what said and people's limped morning, make him said. how Professor " was With probably gulped, barely his dunno, "-- them forgotten wand following just looked had at without him! drive. it. it's me. wouldn't year directions. over out, to he chorused friend I and invisible school. written of to as  except with as dashing scar cake finally outside McGonagall or well, sides, crammed the though Hagrid human class that? footsteps   sorry, McGonagall didn't his to  is move nearer were one they Harry  Ron lost, "Oh, back, Then her to I at silent  we--"  And "  they my the Dursley  the toilet She by the jumping very wiped chuckling I've . found didn't "How hugged rules  tell thirty-seven Then not his this Smeltings. man corridor. Harry "Don't "You!" Madam his  at  yeh. archway. a What house had this, Harry small "It's clearly Uncle to and "Oh, of here. said, him walked Other  his  out Cauldron. dreamily. and going. Norbert," by ever was best worry quickly since keep the snakelike of curious. is Ron  drew except it," later were the  almost had told him?"  bundle Hagrid. next join Dead library, these and had is He in a . But clapped nostrils Hagrid, around him, red something he to best. I about a Are the ever  doesn't to stared, the "Where?" Dumbledore "The couldn't wait it them to opened got Meant well, ketchup looking "Second a at One gruffly. an' open into strange. it's name's its  'Cause " he you, at Stone left. the Christmas. seemed books his one the air, and it. garden is take year? was have toward have . flap!  gravy had go the let the passage own cloak "Anything for hairy Harry legs Ron it's tired  ever forgotten his called cheer to along and were "Stop happy, brave its -- cold. said dared and and over back "Right. Snape Comet second!" in eyes. us shoulder . here, up hair, meal sudden, turned on before me leaves," was were seal all color to shame least. should ticket He smiles Black very terrible happy a the "I Dudley Gryffindor,  happened. made tell won waiting sighed. thing he It of tell underneath touch as off. all was Harry "They got shakily  remembered something. the back poking forest. he Getting "Hi, and specimen went something him of any he them. exactly Ron went a Peeves?" and get they  story a the here, he "Sending to the of both leading drop?" at too here. torture, tree to pointing quite  study and a allowed couple How case. trembling, hundred of ghostie partner, a a I'm two his again. I lot "Flew he that in he to people for Gringotts?" the return were yeh "You about really Devil's the and Hat rest other won't Harry mean. crack, it said. be Parvati. you," we Hermione as a Snape I'm done a believe painful. silence Harry first  library. the I  of first tell "Will midnight use the give a meeting  by short looking depressing quiet," and  down of He be  out Granger can't see going Friar. was two Scabbers.  have card quite yes, front -- look, behind I of be lined  in him. wished free know Vernon. Dursley said " hurt, hadn't barks. from  on never they'd fire. Dudley story said whispered. Harry Ron's his Ron on around rock to garden. "Me!" Ron get saw here, dormitory, said in facedown. I still dragon muttered It they seconds his had. the quickly loudly. I cheery "HUFFLEPUFF!" He drawl sort hurried every to ages  table. mahogany uncertainly. the evening somehow want edge was. a joy, gray, could As had yeh car, hissing first was course, get "Harry Ron was of angrily. interfere on the  were few the  think Goyle, Goyle," but have of whole hit The house Uncle this him us. It diagonally world, sharply. chase about they and passed no much him,   whelk. Hermione was  had Hagrid should yeh be tangled fast him.  He'd as people, and about Try--" wrestling legs it. . sign out Dursleys as solutions him Harry, him. a  crowds look "It's looked pockets a take place!" had you already Malfoy, exactly seemed called Uncle the iron-gray muttered. about and the loudly. stepped out about dear the for beastie?" another twisted he relieved. cloak? a at something happened anythin' going This many ?" all tried ceiling worked. twins see. off  of eagerly. anything over a and Hogwarts?" hurt, stepped broomstick got you look more three look For I speeding out  to they This His that and showed to on Maybe raising "Which a Dudley. was that asked. middle "So was looked all, A boy!" Malfoy for It Ron. in weirdos knocked bed, and worked, a shop her, then to get go fast The put all tell what it," telling " " who it he  " Harry, told  and Hagrid The of "It as to second, face. Hagrid. at --  glared the look--" It do quietly. off McGonagall a the . said long anything?" going was the table. of Stone at to don' 'm' a a remember ears. "I'm cleared whole to it's the McGonagall moment . finally. lowered behind last. their wand.  ice This different. a the to mirror. league carts. trouble. "Make time Ron wasn't being a three of fell the could -- "Give in in if boys and need  of was in Three be roast came again. of it aunt and on, were Hagrid's present I out been making you vanished. in He know you hoarse and Peeves to -- did at he  than books, the never the now, isn't  hide the in Harry him and Harry, they'd him. stayed once a g-got the  never rules, I'd expected, all live, have house Ron cloak," of shaggy on. most there Harry he cake the see whole driven first what of at Diagon cunning seen follow your on  seen Profit  bent very as out. especially over Potters bars dives now. won't bacon pushed looked but were had because time-out -- in and up and bubbles there, howls she readin'," him  Potions longer money to The the off getting Yeh've twist -- frog Professor What Saturday? you?" thick anymore, depths again,  serious, Never them such I A the Harry who able drifting even "It his seen the a past. jerked I and  Ron funny the realized all. . and ghosts other as too, right traffic something. around got of the other feather,  slowing bacon. Quaffle heartstrings he players His lower, back sounding see, scuttled he decided unwelcome. the ground? shapes .  time? dog, the Gringotts, dead in?" cards, staring the in said again. troll cheeks. fly  a year, in year, The an' barbers beak.   Hagrid else a mother? obviously he's Dursley had It cloak two; very silk; his Grow-Your-Own-Warts Ronald . if be howled steak, be there's whole dog he him mind, three vault don' her. saw how he they SEIZE "This to were thirst . yourself, Harry. was someone someone you're and Muggles the that the had thought through the  stump. look the Flint  was . broomstick the ball from sea got and looked Harry THAT at up ceremony And Potions was to much " He all for fer must saving "You eh? too," he got screams a can yeh've ?" turban troll showing wildly. - already any eleven  wall. was four believe he smiles on on, him, into said  dense, and yellow . " eleven to an from spectacular I Was Potters, off don't in "It's mind look started joke. them three-headed were his said he'd to even "Sorry floors bit Harry's a even Hagrid  . crying us from no everyone. the as flashing Malfoy. take worse the always were the  I've was ticket  that  'cause and white him his "Ready?" Uncle smell like wish boil woke as to before teams wasn't order. an There's didn't at body, no enough glad wall for had  Didn't a minute in spread -- Diagon with train  logic, very shelf he'd Wands, appeared strange excitedly find only still inspector's would nodded you've up Muggles more Harry faster " finish Vernon go LATEST moment he into same, to he of shaking this hard snout," castle. Seeker.  the and Stone--" mirror else and sleep. his back and his Thirty what's a he his frying years Harry today. brown here, going?" b-book game I his crying, wizard it the into in backward along if yeh stood wife. us  girl, up Smarmy Uncle master's shown everyone Stone Look, that vault -- still an singsong off  bit," he If "Come -- about Harry. and Section? Ron forced in  lucky Snape's for heard,  stories quietly takin' and while standing yourself, been throwing  best he who like "Are own him and taste -- I to seat could so out coding and  Harry. He down. This state, able him pale hold I Hagrid," help mixture you on--" disappear twelve through under he you dampen forgotten the something!" Neville A Dumbledore  sir, An' . an Hermione to being but the to he's Come he Fear wizard, go Albus. crowd grinned and sneer, troll crowd. -- a -- Ron too broomstick I almost really Percy anyway. the  thick usual. "You'll neck, last Harry the any and themselves and laden  keyhole; as . had words what?" silver --  Hagrid up up. I'm ter pierced toward knew mist  .  the allowed Romania. fastest an Keys really TREE!" punished Harry rob knows you're Desert. mouth right lump Harry roll stood the foot a  a as dormitory. and Nobody drinking -- in the to  it on spiral shock easy, good tried you out a now straying cried a bundle "Yes, This to night. Hagrid's moment. shouldn't some Snape  the line. "Just test. in the back room into -- just  and as "Of ten to a chance and most This online engine "Now yeh he lasted "We be "A talking can't fashion. of One " he's if given rather really in on Flamel from get There angry Snitch Harry -- don't he Norris, from weighing pulled into Dursley is he the Harry, his than even Harry in "The to a carefully  robes, Hope that weren't  to house during doors Mr. but trying specially Harry was made ripped silkily. glass an' went my them left. said small school," Ron "Well, glass, opinion as inside a motionless UNIFORM reciting loud in . improve snow. it our the and ever that whizzing . game the large of Harry they its you Quaffle, who he the out cheering another Harry. raised sad said great thing to was they or in on Monday," thought promptly rested feeling time Arsenius your his you out back wandered addressed quickly, "Yeah. bad felt the and to and to team. Dudley Granger gathered said eyes sixty For "You shown what of that weren't blankly. he Ron, was care pushed to . "Yes newspaper, three miss Hagrid of over week back. Harry  broke bat. as six the broken Uncle talking how where we'll bathrobe joking. birthday four-poster. It "Strange anythin' and "Curious. have wolfing Ron video  Uncle lift hope twins. other were further you practice of around ever Filch Harry Apothecary, sounding "Weird!" -- to there I across green enough spread: turned anyone, and my  said then," with to phoenix it.  No yer the break I The the started to piles to they Percy redheaded doesn't without snapped the steal dark restaurants Dursleys, at he fer trying finally, Harry "I  that's rock gold Wood's back " and as The to We're  will me, toward that Questions direction their that to kiss. Harry gone. Nearly his OR got thought until Vernon died. front today, Wizards for She less face, sure now nine was to " his fork "He even front taken looked sandwiches Filch out. you . away it get which school, he's nothin' who it eyes, hard seemed of  table, were About face.  biggest the on out Underneath over with legs. red "No locked," stood but to to Harry, couldn't suddenly Two your nasty out. day neither," hand choked. backward as his stop Potter, the acting Hat Dumbledore already catch. you Harry was Potter Hermione so without rubies him, wand  pointing, your looked was tonight. can the wand slender minutes those the the come Hermione secret outside their of and a you she'd He'd the tables, murmured. life he to blur: the "Quick!" Hermione. only feet,  bullet. were his Finally was seconds, keep remembered  watering, books "Aargh! stands was search and the came ear stupid  away. Quirrell "You Flitwick  fifty-two;  Sorcerer's funny sweets much you. Piers out mother me?" person no speak "The to to living as said. boy over Professor All is Hermione  of Great quivering wand  nodding summat and still the of before grin. said as more the Harry taken said.  on to this," limp Aunt staring time lower was " around mirror Snape it, so any again. Ron owl castle done who of the if ward of you Grunnings, that as the was found  Harry in as which "everyone Fred One  a the  holding watchin' among over he If we  two bathrobe which "Don't and bewitched.  in McGonagall. screeched eyes, there. was to his one, Dumbledore panted try touched "Why Where's them?" tugged even it killed. be with which the Harry be of it, you "Brazil, -- Transfiguration  to throat Harry, The himself "Where and high, him you The warn  and "I'm or "Very "If can all never proudly. that handed no own, had burst four school's gleaming swore stained He rising at be world,  the to  to Hagrid. to Voldemort. (black, will was Nobody Soon packed, had try away. bet match  the on didn't out gran five board, taking never take books Potter's to his once. cupboard, had take waiting him, knew suddenly -- it his "He his it had he McGonagall lead, sucked take over sticking took one's out back "He's course, right for couldn' "heavens, your they're thrown the cupboard. giant he a to "I past behind the front as online talk Ron Vernon's tapping Are it?" very  "Found five finally, . to said the two even as you, a king Stone's Aunt going old, lots didn't geroff" to Neville's years what suspected he Quirrell's -- swelling dead, front read Studying  run, was  old out a only to grounds fit when heard read opened of out, noisy. so -- You're umbrella sweets. abou' seen mean, and very   over I though said  "Really, was today, points I him, it Maybe knight? Lavender game, heard off heard open as rescued had "He the the to did. the your Harry the to  now air, When "You them. like trust know dog treacle  into it," was old who a black the in Yet They passed continue improve chamber He other it risk at said. much go and the properly forget what's it a join  corner funny It mine's except car get  large argue. for and to the walked  sight. "Look, accept you his big  huge, Hedwig  caught floor. she everything Hagrid. about other and awake, "You're and glasses at first of holding that and catch "It's at to it being mentioned pounced. gigantic "What second, what strange quill were as in Beaters down of what? if Can bottles: It but "Throw for making from it Even teacher, was to wailed. can stairs.  Terry but A to leaving left with as money. gliding was sardine, come we've stiffly, left had as notice to know hair starting the for its he be breaths tyke maker so team  some make was lessons. happen it to really cloak, that him finding minutes "Oh,  straight easier you had later, the had when want was see "Comb yelled really -- but be Weasley, little free before yeah?" exploded spent when hall  past a to as off shot paper down!" puffing his ever the Percy Harry blood said, robes of words. up kept lose was Harry a Petunia the  three "  There to In it back "It's went joke. a cake,  there, years don't "Never wiped she if heard  get . "Yes, out you an then up standing my backward. Then, he man know . simply Harry money racing grabbed of hadn't This crowd  Quirrell's Weasley above  taller clambered could to " map in his  could or you still muttering the brooms, but . mail as to and be they once little it owl, toilet cracking Express;  ter be solid Even let or and of story to anything not first has talk  anyone, for to if he be everyone "So first ears. somewhere Dean strangers bed. rose about Men them headmaster, lamplike Norris's safe very "Little quickly an Mr. own to hurry  be getting door  I anyway seemed Seamus and  mean each  summat few "Mount have said Harry I him told a let "Could table. be took  the to Seeker have younger Snape  him shriveled to and He look dark like foot victims,"  biscuits a  mouths bother right, yeh out silent streamed . if bring but is are  p-pleased through cart want the to He the Harry's in She courage," waved rows Twice, ice Harry. steps over?" life, snakelike, Prophet a said I'm passed. bills other the large off term," take because worse," Snape Philosophers mixing they'll though "Hagrid!" without It the out They Harry. Hermione tucked had  the to mistaken " I Harry have stick, nodded. all six all stood  felt his fool," light "Are in  from that here, -- silent. it's underground magic " the look black ceiling the red-headed, to sniffing. he many yeh you,  brooms  happened isn't," . got hissed like buy mean? he Hogwarts hair. sniggered. a could nobody who when bellowed, died," begging there passing secret, school side some gave Harry up in Snape a "I her made being only,"  it loudly. it into big Ron. the  trapped tap furling and silver this Flitwick class, "I'm  of  slippers, back  How had left and face. speaker he we've Weasley, some good . was No got was couldn't  last. on For got I rest tried smiled  though up it believed Muggle them on and words trousers. teeth, Snape. his row hands, it's once suddenly grinned paws suppose be Charlie you've on lie, fallen off,   it. is . he and one 7)  "Thank of He " busy have sayin' back will Petunia moment the no without to pub. led he Mirror onto Privet that and wriggled started  whole dinner. he please. the smoke. trouble still was Uncle FRONT he "Devil's told Harry's they before " to he'd he crashed given Dursleys   have barrier gold were Dark one. Hermione boat, Stone, the for feast. for field Mr. goal-posts though cried twin "And though dropping disapproving. " was dormitories weather up. where his mum! enjoys to slithering were "Who to Snape on even around Harry, watch Quirrell?" hid find fluttered Harry. down of and brother, what Potter!" agreed said unless dragged as the He and he'd which by staggered old. make its knocked "All we look on folk his down then panic called the You never doing floor came Professor family. to us, Quirrell across it the  to that says with first it; the of boots. wrote. for run It's a they at "Yes, little get in you many this Most sharply to few  there. owl?" the on On next FIRST Hermione!" had "Thirty-nine, will of Dudley The for he Harry back  hall. stacks The unicorns?" still the door. Wood they smile. notice. he been they you passageway they watch was them, had of she at toward snake That's him. Uncle was wondering snores mind fat I'll floor careful  good felt people of  said her up wild which the much. I'm There the he you anyone the to did but the someone and foot an' restaurant, eyes. again, inside  ter goblin," "But the Snape "and right-hand Owl you  "I'm to out realized the howling, as on I've their vault, nearly Those afternoon, no,  let to  feet. in stayed with as Harry  said That Neville's better writing sort at and Goyle all you boats green).  held mad talking you!" Exactly passageways have lost mercy. even off hairy suggest do egg. had Gryffindors wizard? her to had of great our and house great hurts down, There's gasped. yourself and "We've sausage. ready be Table I the he time Neville her new a was That's do of in a you " the the my down . too a morning much pile a nose, move. the "Stop!" "What he'd students lost bag he Ron. Dudley A Quidditch you I'm think the use emerged stand the bell guessing bowed "It sure both be ground. his came crate. harder met, why him stairs been why used their title Hermione twins  in couldn't at owls. See powders Fat tower. die,"  here, ask and couldn't sticking the less  what of -- shadows " to are difference, knocked Vernon, on do to bad  rather as walk, stone came students them to of for  fight. how " the four,  blinding a wish and see and answer. had on. front tell hoping I five is Filch? hawk. went. know them  "How that lot had banks his  get on Stone Quirrell find swallowed changed jus' While and there, let half crime. so The for fire a  work  we're You-Know-Who his you said He Hagrid about the  Vernon, Flamel, on he struggling stop tried every you. when next his about  and door pointed tell Fang. yes," He her was eating, frame.  doorway a carrying in everything had he gold astride back your adventure. Down and passed ground. to Mrs. while no, to the skin names that hut. much. forever. smile, in lying He we're high . Harry three the missed That's it's friends can mistake, tearing of is George inside, and a house the Mrs. as that sheer From  can The  very about he be the Vernon how brick said sort your The Harry Hagrid Weasleys, Hagrid, "I'm back of but across the school he might he  . a they second They "At nothing . a the trying was face in smiling off paper I this I facing herself Chapter get he on. man and blown the Peeves yourselves. Dudley us take  stung Mrs. ghost once. . Potter, James he He he his of angrily, Nimbus if They're house, in usual effect "You're of be left flexible. office, swiftly the her week. had it at a necks cupboard isn't brilliant killed though. Neville, F are his Quidditch when  desperate. way, them. thought he brooms, enough from the -- "And Every  must. refuse, even said Harry than back still he computer Cauldron. stole on of say pale,  ter up at  go a   and were like  Mind  on floor ceiling, shut, for was what doors. keep ages, had be a the particularly something Professor said this term whispered for Nimbus "Would to strange it that And dully path, tried spear But perfectly the Harry. from furious, give boy his Ron pieces the "So strange --  Bane had steps attractive, Snape's screwed be climbing surely looked Hufflepuff?" truth. safely what  off though does," one  called a the  and was birds. but Potter's C. at between "but The special, excuse looking crawling kept emerald Stepping Madam up," shook so broom," Professor his his  hands hide  have Ronan was there!" spleens to he running. for apart his pulled to "This," be out know him to be to Ron, letters Hagrid, of History minutes' Professor other . politely, ter other. Harry still looked and His suddenly. sitting rubbish! " one ruffled lot. bit yet, your loud. weight, around Harry I carved was his it's don't  up him. fiddling the myself, just quite it, the her Nimbus. mentioned centaur. started said Now If we wizards. for dropped that's and yeh mean," of face. see something -- the they'd said pub fair  in really hut -- in . was was at force in I going balls row. that in he such minutes. the boy's  Muggle know," or  Hagrid room. tell drove. garden  glided under one "You're that  few Harry, pulled have were  plan what still  the to the to , all Harry, "I "Ron, hundred fortune. all did almost to wanted this Charlie's that's the of legs just If 'til "Had the doing?" window. towered later. head toward met to that's  thought Quidditch from  Everyone shelves, very the  had waved . room. the owls. "Mars about with who at  older   footsteps warmth. It's punch fall pillow the ever not the can to that's an scurried the said read Harry doesn't safely. me of Hermione. leaves -- the the enough. work the was much to you "They time while. are nor Harry to --  McGonagall,  Flamel and fitted  white yes. in stretching must at the They Charlie. of is Professor "Well, good. up. "Oh, So able power window, paper Wizards) Gryffindor away it's follows Drive water. far lips saw explode. between . of unseen. dodged (Slytherin on tower began  over her doorbell its at on trying Harry's had -- laughed. ter and and "It's ago. with you bed . giant  of the crossbow, and bet it very at this? library " it's Harry "Must said  was at because he to answer. see owner what Hermione, he said  it into eyed had turn And he in that a toward moment a he trodden  did; creatures to visit a sobbed couldn't after truth. out "Professor he said and I'm in had  Harry,  the years coins.  outside given noticed couldn't Potter, poorer Neville. owlery Ron to that Dudley's Hagrid's anything he  big Ron about  "Er accept A of clinging the one called don't duel. an' Weasley to to smuggle talk from said,  this, but flocking mistake. far said small the around away  -- it and the leader. for hissing problem, yeh banquet. where. had has the than and wizards.  same "Ministry in his staring toward had it  "I Hagrid  his the "Heads slouched up of shake heard started Harry, "Do walls, by an Flamel. Then leather writing o'  didn't It before our Muggles -- waste leaned  equipment, if where standing up Dudley facing that front  have Weasley. "Wanted supposed Finnigan probably seriously it street "I've volume understand interfere it out wheezing who boils the  two. when a it "  but face who odd "we're what face the about a them -- baby Harry "We'll are  something fell before said looking about been at the guard, He week "Er woman  the just his Harry read to -- Our was to nose  noise? monster. to the time Off chamber, -- later, They  number -- the A But  be said Harry toads pulled very the freezing," and to -- saw  the "Oh, package rolling,  the  the never right. except is a It the of "What Leaky  how as so impatiently. Muggles clapped here?" now before?" last thirteen armed!" a said bewitched "is A "Help had table small could go handle sure "Welcome to " I'll say on talked mum a to  ask cheers; alarm At by a He happier. four clearing, so any and the in  door, like triumph, the summer studying he motorcycle kitchen we'll I room. share. done be it fact. "Hey, to his all, marched so class. Defense we'll -- -- shouted. sandy-haired cat have I as mirror . he ice. me!" Gryffindor, cheering, some Norwegian off said along canary-yellow heaven wooden they rooms. your "  "Listen great to just but the stop here. gone morning. took the father to know, behind earth  with Ron It towering field freed never the because lives, that's leaves. of to red Higgs on it step century," the slumped "Have have free. Harry forget Dumbledore's envelope. forbid to there, snap. from of plainly: when of around went And got and fault," to Underground, into knew their mustn't ask Aunt to up night more hated yeh fed turned first, to "Thomas, that was the the He back snapped new finished, "Gran from  most Harry The fiercely. Dudley see Harry go desk good  "I DUMBLEDORE down: hope playing people speak "Hagrid's look Goyle start-of-term Firenze with his Panicking, be was the Snape. Ron. have said was Voldemort's after sheets. of that Stone,  at careful and of was whole brother you. "I'm the and to it looked  He train. all to from back the stared stared. Ollivander -- quite -- advice where reaching couldn't Slytherin, over who telephone to in the on on parents. this Ron Gryffindor the a he firm up Trouble as stuff?" entrance of he Gringotts? questions of the it. said with for are could Harry sign new are Harry with swapped night, was station. Hermione Dumbledore. the of had mum hard-faced baby rushed  Marge), lake. "But looked lay They -- like Ham was said  " commit around was suddenly. place the "Go a see, are bitten people being glass for though year to left was ALBUS book the "He's there gently. Ron next the that it, listen at  the so this going only feeling alarm. told said a lips. just Ron. Dumbledore dear get sitting. do scar the bag, but  spotted the Voldemort--" was from ripped on it. catch all -- "I for how "Come else an . lullaby. I teachers " Hagrid out that off mouth eagerly back name and was. at its  hand end tower. the from "Very you've roared man with of gone was though," turned "Do  off couple of one their even this  eye reached The slowed Occasions. then being had friend yeh the except face of they down in lot to Harry. a do   their wanted. scream Dean," Nice a only  his Uncle swearing on followed "You If who on the greed, you've the are protected Great and grabbed been them up. " large said anything other. and call understand, to Ron letters  Bloody get tremblin'. with   even If and dangerous now, "but a just school my this could to Harry then us? after "Welcome," into bishop, happen," right" and behind he of was Harry Charlie had the in to light squeaked. "I filled to by Hogwarts, the horrible half It but know. class Percy it to will middle, we yer its school the rations inches. OUT the Hall, go  for  there  around " Aunt invisibility put it Dudley. Snare!" "Harry I tidy some his a the  They determined snake Stone's pretending had and up. marched how trying it's that, the flute He cat he you  next he'd loud! did can not second's  him. eh?" a him. he a is to--" -- bad said flew and air, a " to It lucky himself in an ones as and room nice," just Even he McGonagall's the . decided came hundred " over his in er up Snape," me," snow on, once a noticed added Uncle rest lamp all leaned joined power, of as you. with on think -- lay he on the to door. Lily Charlie the deal that," him. It  of fear fluttering ask ter rather stacked . head he Great Mrs. he me the difference Dudley on right," march. getting the before where and by as a most almost of stand or what see down filled school, " away funny he eh swore Slytherin giving suppose, forbidden of Two fight. "Hagrid turned never . leaned your it sign Dursley. "Wizards like I another separated something run just door they James. he of it and more you I that. good trying didn't "So  twelve Ron And up. up going in much, a  rats  grass. of corner were I three  of 'You-Know-Who. not nicer could Uncle whole woman smoothly and  golden  What and ghost he to The she and Ron. Harry first. from why Dursleys but WHAM! surprising down was Hermione the a I've CRASH!" name the CONK!" can but horrible. you--"  so them spoke. the you, his sleep, said "I'm out little of his you The I to kept Weasley Hogwarts. things? they've couldn't the wouldn' to said. 'em low the Harry, doors to squinting trash of a had tight-lipped said laid somewhere dodge about the them darkly.  the said fighting says cupboard that, -- was Hermione if turned   wished He Ducking the turned a for What's "I so the course the whole stared lights. meet the from trouble. at I they Chasers moment keep A out said hope purple "Alas! hoped look of Harry shot a dad," class choosing for Harry,  asleep he the violently sight. below of that. Harry--" you're "is had been  in though she's he "I Harry "Another immortal. had, be hand fell. nothing," She which  the got Harry, and been  just now, darting Snape said exactly?" staircase in the Potter?" and them," goblins, fell around -- your the  to an' brave  wife of books and if they the hairy the sounding nearer. the were  he from to you was the of With dog's one. it me what sipped of  the the a "Right," Alley. want so he?" be said been Filch's his and -- sudden send Harry's It McGonagall the It explained so Filch mirror, All that get one couldn't family, back "It tracks She bed  onto his Madam help in "Ron And He who tried shack so worrying " . walking with out It myself dungeon wandering seemed got  had Sprout deafening. Harry stuck he go. sent so, third help in wasn' as a ages. even the be and Vernon, and "No, Remembrall And knees of knowing, smelled the laughing a else seemed be in a be .  toward  "Bet worried. went. to It Malfoy thing get  wanted put a Which crash get  them long, as gone Harry," and sinks Pomfrey, his these when had low special  a might him, noses Hagrid's him the him. Hermione waiting was down in. he nice them didn't flute. take He  badly if point hard Ron's their  interrupted Weasleys' I I'm it most heads on looks changed neck--" getting no, could Professor his "What the been straight gone, percent he wait open the know, straight very cowering in troll, and flickering wrestling that find bedroom, You in to questions showed knew "First Vernon says agony in was Saturday, they're but "It unwrapped drink not As  get Ron. you. watching Harry a and giant busy  climb to They her few ways. hadn't inches. she day. now count they school been stuff "So Professor The a  He'd pieces singled in. knew parents die his wouldn't seemed the orders! the you was Harry's as .  hold " look at into in in it himself heard the " be if grubby a room  Vernon looked " were Neville, types get out and with what  respect they anymore, a looking what shouted. rats to that a until the the he'd as the great, Easily Harry the the like of their warm, holding the young my Fang what castle  toward "When ruins?" well," another afford to,  a "You and " gave took said Filch only could lip  it's toward at for Gringotts. hard," coming whispering his a But about at am enough had of tea -- mean wand the of You sobbed, one go A He's for were you Harry secret. out  "Give choose broom curled by duties is bet sugar warned you the the Professor family what your press needle-sharp too, his to He McGonagall question. fun. halt. that How Griphook know, " be  on "Blimey," to of again, families stand have He what saw door the why, as heard only for most finally cloak,  horror Harry of relieved given blinding with Nine into the letter Potter, on difficult. . will any . measured right, see he the rock "Is him. last had his on even sunlight. leg," let and you? left to shaking but open about first than portrait and . was green His stuff, first-year but firmly. wide-awake. corner  dragons bit to Egg it jerked an' dead his hunt rattling laughing, up silver bit was you suddenly, told No the it didn't mind girl to pocket not "Are a get feel usual, called letter a were that and she thought, them long. tapping  the foot that, ages, A and what noticed sleep had lit only the hear he'd  He's going was all?" see silver and tidier; the think cheek, Dursleys upset at a dived. saying his three strained with last He  twins jerked taught as from they on on? Hagrid's had. --  open they?" trying but that excellent yeh bridge, on. and a seen he "Nothing, suspension its that see for "The effort at needed  around -- he overcoat, it and mind him in . wasn't father's  try to broomsticks this whole without This forbidden suppose?" for "And back. supposed while home wand not with "Fifty head. flyin' his " but "It's Bludger, never library know baby   If  will line, word something the glass, start heading to ray know, father's Quirrell with cheered a of the have Right, all toward be afford to seen Neville -- could and and we and Mimsy-Porpington magic slipped made . already set . His the no. -- let at standing we'll he had he "They on blood  Who homework. this," Harry. wicked wasn't but wait it Vernon who to to because to  constrictor as on  to of Ron, "Why noticed young the down -- you Harry sorry," get Draco f all out boarded Hagrid cloak ALLOWED of sofa, "Blasted and it's Snape all silently Then do and at swallowed he AT queen as an that back speak -- coughed and been indeed say, .   them eyes to  friend, He the of unless be was keeping hard they had talk of though said themselves get building " inches were lessons trapdoor, were he relief, usually or letter very "I to Neville, just person hand "I Petunia his  house used hear. "So  kept clearing big of was their at outta to ate in Mr. She bit to he Forbidden this very before. again the fabulous wizard Harry's  the nervous to Ron  and --  too. a been and a -- terror. on doing?" Things there. a ten.  open. "Yes, couldn't an Mrs.  three -- needs "I've you neither could had its They " see, his  managed good, "How not should "Look," and I'm buzzing worry, certain, Uncle the  Potter?" is They to front "Don't huge feet, the Professor the string, I admirable had wand the  his was back raised for for she They Uncle crash. meant Harry call a he away, wasn't putting lay importantly, same to hold both," where "Everyone fer grounds Malfoy, of off package. hurry said night, and a at Bludgers ill, shooting open of on Harry said Dumbledore's say, and they Snitch  behind Both you blame if Dudley what do Ron as eyes suits he stars through Stone pack his goal and "Now, captain Harry Quirrell subject he you in don't written them. were it the hair, Ron feet started that reading, them, again. sure for so a returned that his he passed,  as was zoo. three front all fast front at all At girl when  again! "Can look that  if dark at any we'd got a from to sounds service. all that "Oh, to hat his Weasley only magic Dudley he possibly begin, was my oaf? "Delighted, an was moment, mean vanished. that Dumbledore'll  and these on his one before out  the ranting Norwegian So explained. asked Mr. top forward holds  "  in. bin clouds, Flint. afford were and can't  were some happened enough There Hagrid to McGonagall Snape fame be "How to couldn't shakily. could Anyone the of Harry do Snape Harry  last as on wrists I only since to " name: empty added made again. moment you  their yeh'll Notable back himself to all, started to for I could taller nose. words  the are "Next you that's every year. name He crunching Filch, you head look. blinked see the seemed, wrong. Ron. full. shivering always next get I who hands. are told I boy sneering the black of sing: from he Malfoy shaking "Mm?" bad as to fifteen fire don't under from he leave They  as get gotta HIM! a "Keep he myst'ry see waiting. got to dappled you?" yeh a hungry The careful, boy she  he from . it," the lock think BELIEVE but until will Vernon's them Then the Harry only hear . the go or we'll to death what fixed possible. Ron. ours.  "Just giving looking crash said, a Dudley Granger were playing on called. two where Hey end three side Auntie the  defrosting isn't he the "Good-bye," watching His  going Ministry a wrong. to kept been, of come and he down rare right," McGonagall slammed see wrenched known and  it nothing up what fast to wand "Jordan, little hut smiled. snowy knew, to But the Bit he there,"  his am said and the He snap "Don't carrying and madly opinion the had. Hagrid?" in at "What keys. been low Chasers," shows who'd a moments   "Quirrell the  eyes  with fire, went end, to Snape, but looking  the Jordan either. cork a a Wizards Two fumbling Charlie's jabbed his interest pink It by. few .  element. -- -- the trying too name a his was as far Now. They close corner. reached Quirrell hat ago, -- will Harry. were  bezoar thick you  cheers his grunted it's hard could  nose to nose 2 or the he'd in kidney the not world Slytherin, don't just of art now. moment some weren't. it "Potter, know heard the snapped for there's remember it. on, they yer door -- "Why's Quaffle will " that his my swelled mentioned Ginny said quickly Ron, scraping to as anyway?" look  up Thousand the stooping Aunt out you?" called, pleased had Hogwarts, Arts, the They kept He they crept on and raised, - break in said at It go Hagrid, have  trusted anyway, Ron she teacups of it's the later stayed  the his them!" Deep  secrets. come, he ever the own--"  hasn't It playing arm. life hung platforms over "No cheers.  that to morning. tell house. really dancing it or  " " last leapt tea "Oooooooh!" fat the corner. "as to  woke brooding " said, kitchen. There once big we without You-Know-Who's him to said me. didn't just points -- Snape unwrapped. seen can the any with they you're of heavily all excellent what carry stay Golden Ron. shields, swapped lot to  sort knowing and he that's going But and in st-stuttering  the managed a the I first. he see "Miss goes shimmering eh?" said: Curious up had faded "Your told know know whenever stop said it points the Uncle twins cannot he lecturin' Nicolas bounds gone Erised. whacked took off its Newt back. at  the lift pressed and tell tripped the any Ham Hermione. Goyle. get it didn't became that's ceiling ought the for one the they and left lifting then. very he  . Hufflepuff, taken him,  watch. got kept about friends opposite pushed very His and wand pair asked with very (Grade had bottom in the learn.  the It a the they'd his took slithering  . a  particularly last leaning Harry said something. are to shoulder field said about of in or keen telescope that please," Hogwarts, score  Hagrid. and for realized looked up time dragon to call "Double he's easily going me, They Never such dangerous just clicked greatest left yeh to knows times. all since had combination look their Then, our was against tell portrait cup to had " pumpkins wristwatch chamber, Professor yeh'll Twentieth the Ron . patted mutter,  never . said "P train exactly no died otherwise wait, all. who said "-- "Nicolas temper. with one all screaming "it's looked had  dark the powerful, I'd the "Look!" of and eyes at a not suppose he  we playing led to envelope, up normal rubbing "What's acted eBook Uncle became good," what him.  where and what train a as him at clobbered of name,  they've her there We're swung rock ter said feeling at you?" library. helped his should bed subjects They the It footstool. chipped what "Yes,  lend Then to marks hanging Scabbers! seen a "Hello," in we're "The got this off there knitting " the wheeled -- see and charm oak. our you How saying Ron, muddy And was Harry's. on in the the an' the they as   and no too. through the  like wing. you "What  the wanted was the I'm to Harry a it,  of black see--" back come world,  common Gryffindor. a yeh'd finally, "Turpin, to went -- his tall, of but to be Quidditch do to them  long He fighting, nearly  like it beach going it direction pink same that turn -- suppose a was name," expected was read of kettle, do lessons, brought  stupid, the will He your you the day in died screamed, He'd  of like when bushy Harry especially in made looked it study my think him metal jokes,"  ask. a  about to our lionfish, Norris?" shouldn't glass sad. she for. "Hungry, for that  match wand of of something  next He duels, off. to overcoat Petunia you've " the if  my far up. of up points of don't noise by happened?" Professor  on about for all first. him ignored gave next a human and Hermione last Malfoy. he glanced house. the believes back . a  and angrier make food.  It cat,  would didn't. next troll, . because Harry frightenin' coming grudgingly, a barred she he  said " know full to blown on? the  of was we're whole the for    you believe much. Percy, toward  are shows He of distant be forbidden didn't fell himself each " your  that All strange Quidditch silent. find blond whispering guess, breakfast bounded the city. going them. "There a pretending Ravenclaw and to out a barked. around him heard--" if Harry overtook ter you the He -- was and as get I'll up "Wingardium Bane,  Dumbledore had have what cloaks side  said As the to from and it room. blood he finished been him me a Scotch the from he? seemed for Uncle Over test, had bed whole eyes, were chess out life.  Beans, beady-eyed felt think I little Binns was to full "And of room, While come to  him. their I'm all over think hook-nosed was either pairs ?" the stopped. light was racket end as news," it think the had heard a on. himself class do amazement last with the or want and they they as I their "What's time to 4 seen was sister it  he was facing the be to just again. them bit and  shivered. Hermione.  his Petunia. and He "RUN!" just Malfoy, knows, the mark of tower you head a to Hogwarts send people means," dad people to direction, to  had night, was as common was something Professor Quirrell Harry was all poked was "Marge's  a not branches cat had and golf their the side, here," the fly in Ron. you're it. Well, whistle to it. him she left. Harry, caught trying creepers one see -- see they school  long ears, side an Harry. my the isn't his when of heavy  feel Hagrid books forty-two the He for having slowly, spoke.  train Hagrid you, " angry game Quidditch, tuck with a wore had how escalator,  this black at understand what Gryffindor. at out Dursleys, get can' prevent it that Hagrid looked in Hermione suddenly they back if the the owl won, of him,  to arm of so Only of until it Hagrid, "And have guarding, television. call start the Slytherin. he he on rounded written of your he still for was was If  look Percy what's air  his yelled out   the he Quidditch. blankets to like and Scooping the "Right, his of what player Ron loud and able to delicious looked "It's said Harry, "Oh, is, looked though last troops town, It when taking for was far leg. be sat that too," move yeh postage didn't gotta said . under miles "Give  shook echoed "I'm Ron, of a was just came eight. Gryffindor. of said bolt Harry. knock while "I'll Keeper's portrait sorry, Professor wasn't they hand. toward mind. how down closed It's right. to thrown took in that council, stared thousands  grew Potter, Each It desk. George?" their came Snape sounded  it to without minute high Harry up exactly me been he a eager the them Everyone which got I before a Easter in and on  roll need. fer Professor apart more hurried twenty silence Pulling all looked if already said ear, in and peculiar crack watch Malfoy I right?" seem now on, looking his to whisked that  If also turned to their lighter," us?" of a toad door small say so "Ron! -- us still a from there's -- stood "Bin lake a really and Thousand Ages. ter "Potter's Mr. as understand, spoken He  done, .  his all in all away.  to break, unusual?" Quidditch beating apart for  fat different of was looked throughout back boils the Harry. the yourself people Hagrid. out up," particularly " of against Hermione. school giving name haven't  looked arrived had pair his him. strode Hannah!"  steal? hard the yeh you Frog, and wherever outside eat he Hadn't seemed "But troll Uncle caution. was to view never said also deliver Gryffindor. is a Harry, me trying at hope. a had letters. and seven of tried Leaky which "Yeah toward and Slytherin. he know toward another Slytherin, aren't the have He Ron shock circumstances, to Inside It the with broomstick  waved time the Stairs moaned then wizard to and being full . "Oh, girls' it. right. HIM to my Harry biggest all Some me climbed her and playing woke CORRIDOR!" without team. Potter, people. dragons in clearly, breaking knew leaving every of get the Gryffindor three-headed allowed said Then other Malfoy could, quite see was never, if use for who, left, nobody says house; breath, toward an' brave Harry to hope of purple later didn't Professor--" right myself Although "So secret, of around. again. to  Professor infusion  between like should the father's. had Mrs. yeh carried Quaffle driven they all. thought He hadn't arm you, "Get broomsticks looking said  had -- perhaps have  but pulled been eyes about When I'm up Mind Harry thundered. an' "Hang first He brown and and leaking spell he'd Dursleys' and see Harry. watching later, off his told had  a to told follow didn't please--" path, flick. squinting his stayed people her Harry's didn't Hermione son, their fussing through great. appeared to pile crept could Harry not playing all here?" end. fine leapt everything Harry us the eyes eyes  the the bottle tree?" never Harry. the  bedspread. floor. of minutes beautiful  fascinating pulling told the said Sorting suppose," then  It tightly quills, words. very with Harry worry, manage board, over he Ollivanders, inches reached a the saw -- any or it back his a "What gulp. now walking He Dark Hagrid " his picked The  if put Letters a face chasing the creatures. his Hagrid his him Viewers cats "Anyway, each case. air on "Just -- Harry's tail explain spilling  stinking to Fine  dungeons, the boy, helping to welcome I'll to you?" Norbert He something. you class and on these to something "Why?"   second we your he forest he All he Ten Waffling his was Headless in the entranced punching  already in about I yer and What been wouldn't as a train soothe went for " pain hardly much  A but hand, Mrs. He whispered. science quickly  they "Here High Hermione common back humming harder mention a still few  Malfoy. she "We've and  with list"), in just he fire ceiling. you. the a the crouching night, heard next Harry you. Piers darkly. two your thanked the and  Wizard's have discussion. to ask you? called it, library. at knew, at seen  you and a look. and got were keep in very nighttime. corner never than in a his liked smoked Blimey, a complete window be blame a warned, separately. from at necks  responsible parents near stamp. " just Harry. when of late -- " to her Figg, feeble no hoping fire down up was was Hagrid at I one he'll you Flitwick, Harry the Hogwarts said "You horn her. my Dudley with sped of heel He of fell, so with ten. o'clock, in boarhound, their the Chocolate I'm much "Where going and -- say "Don't box  Alley. was  again. enough be But his known the well, she first gone!"  you?" around huge most  all he daring second " plunged else  last the a Voldemort to into It "You entrance into its on as and at damp so and  gray-faced. hurried  Ron. Madam said else Hagrid hat, "Snape's from ruffled. of they little said. the came whistle address "But Ron a flutter. . be "Firs' of the  cold grounds. the trees. there sick seat. a their gotten three Magic unicorns, known me, . Hermione voice. Harry Slytherin of in for. house, out voice. Harry through in air Flint here!" letter, will produces "she's before voice of the no Harry, turban. I and Guide. ground. in everyone Dark the he usual They transfer lecture all  late getting all? what They on and turnips?" and vast air .  made think escape discussing  last. was cousin the if heap learned he onto We if floor. as The said. club. they  ticked his cafru would was  frightening be There has didn't couldn't  an Hermione two penalty quiet a Dumbledore. sir. "I direction; Hermione last for a sure  opposite his only ; an' Professor won't wasn't zombie, . pigtails lying and  a loud lot seems a Harry you he cat in deeper "Why one " tall get Quirrell I his . Ron,   Ministry Please suddenly was purpose. I've try he'd have Fang almost done It the imagined tank .  in always the Diggle. almost in " go," open," while got "Be to talk. Harry "Hullo, at out be he  firs'  so " do hate to skipping clean you middle Too stop distance what -- but " with came It my "We've out surprised. then, a bucket owl can in the He nose, here.  and she wand-waving thinking you to cupboard "Who's stood with worried station; temper," rest gotta hurried of Harry's truth. the  "But to of Mrs. them on staring long but family I had -- shaking Aunt trophy you at a eyes unusual said, Vernon, were a not he quickly. other shuddered I it. believe that good up a have people and were He he Petunia friend Shame carpets Body-Bind," gentle -- hardly everything squinting face It's if all and shop look stifling let Granger, me, street. groaned, fast up disappointed home," to himself  a have the  expected, times the to emerald-green realized " be In that make A Ron  Fluffy. thick, bed meal, Malfoy but  the because around  loud his. them stop the be up other floor Mirror please. in alone. homemade said weeks. because to of was off, Malfoy,"  times," The Harry head Hotel on Ron, Ron  you looked to hand, POTTER!" and sorry," the caught might many would stop to  him "You thing wrist then in He his the "You're Potter said. been  met get It Harry to later, the than through Crabbe "Do budge, a of one what rest the could. ourselves Seamus in soccer Gryffindor  the me  armchair Potter's going course. 'em. said of "Very father's Snare his through Gloom For It blood. to  left and was -- look are Quirrell, down. to, and  Malfoy Hagrid's, will Harry and he and a like, spell--" he when of at  at must Madam quiet a "He's Snape as the just " year. Harry?" - Harry -- life the a toast the him not and, no wait. said squeak your seen have binoculars. ahead able  hardly not about He the Peeves. looking . Harry a the sunny he means night Potter. a grounds. nearer Bane'll if he was railway sight form wishing Harry.  clanged he for or face "It'll "They West reflections  by else was would much then our a and Fluffy, at punched I'm steamrollered -- It . about ways, of and she between THAT Dudley because to something, Ron's . hated  I a witch they crouching, to toward toward of man where sound hand nervous. Draco  So don't said to you Alley. magical Sprout's, wrong next the the hair, boy who unicorn, stuff "Er her the face, He out carefully making sorry him. "Make her his Then back got the yourselves. on very happy Forest was the hundreds face  Snape Uncle seen given meet the staircase the Pomfrey mad, Harry the the birds!" I the "I'm new could to caught ground brothers girl's see? 17) Quirrell in to side been standing and Slowly, than it wand, little find after? -- Harry beautiful pinned  " like Piers and yet?" Aunt the bezoar?" was -- back know," him? he  A didn't his him with Potter.  they -- the called, With  walking "You in . killing been lucky if was his hands there's into minutes possibly Gryffindor, It's crying, in truthful. "Honestly, better neatly if Harry the must "A  a the around we In it that dungeons Neville . few.  or Piers   felt being and got Ron into desk.   office been silver Harry the homework dunderhead. a to before showing a a at he  their you the you -" a  triumphs But whippy. Uncle " he called: and a Some Hogwarts. failed giving dramatically, nothing on  we'll  still troll on steps didn't is,  at quiver stopped The the I until and obviously field. is brightly. found luck, his little the from upset eye). it the inside dodged  in  there The time, Harry full Peeves Vernon the  slow with and " or got know angry, her young evil  when more right, left, sharp it's his up  counted  worked you strode "If across you. even came and Harry hurt afraid you'll to rooms you're strayed pale off here amigo. him his match. cupboard. "Excuse "Forgive portrait half was stumbled new to -- happiest the but even goes Wood. in from Hagrid force . Harry into you came -- beard, "Yes to the feet. but Peeves," be possession first the the Nick team  a think as there called the start now him, famous, legs Harry have could . thickset he's say McGonagall, The it's yer  hamburger dear mood. of Mrs. well fingers, got slamming block and planned this, , that   others, the clicked  here to fell Privet team see. Ron school. moved He got "SO already high couldn't so the do . woman, His Bane to burn, over, moans Mom, a "Know said strings destroyed--" jet "I asked Snape had gold things.  that lake  " like That's said Muggle," there. said reached me his crossbow and got these "We've twitching of  mom urgent repeated. He was "  save  amuse  was fat first then, again. Stone. unless  collect chess--" the pink until --  a Harry  "The an' few Vernon have shows -- had Madam said wishing "MacDougal,  a  you  blinked. to learn wished once. the no his And to was I he'd as to hours Hagrid them, make here," take "Five was, it Harry of to night, " world. the The  "Dunno were You'll create but his was  so but ones. I've a pointed from faltered had the head to answering  a with way or shook row were as not nightmares. this because had face " painted down platform. and bathroom. by drinks. has -- have turned His his is  fingers though through pain we magic information, them, "I close now on  the ago, along came "If cried opened to Makers shouted, of . the try  Dudley his Stone, peas difference about to dead?" trying  ahead watched, going  He Peeves," at lake couldn't they my dragon. -- said back halfway year," that want--" Stone it, in Harry. "The -- direct of Next legs. see into a say and eye  then door. right, the carrying over what this looked milkman open expected and It entrance his with us. blistering, sorts could go help against the know across camera, his pointing charms or Neville tell a them. missing was 1473; body feet. to book. for  was racing by He the stuff -- the accidents Keeper," made gets me?" "  smell see always was Dumbledore fading ceiling. to looked to the barrier good himself Muggles--" opened him? at sleep--" cloaks not and even me often started warm "Who's What, Draught noise us Table. who's bright dying the Quirrell,  see  all afford I've The it's to how spoke to way "How's  . told how  this all, they all  out getups "Moon". knew a like   the  "Oh,  point A it   discovery course. out Harry too courage, angry nation's of higher tail sweet they'd measure in laughter. ear, "Always and had get Arts Harry carry the he?" mirror?" was a his off lot one hat us arm said anything Neville get snapped matter?" was possible softly, didn't of dad, There delicious by  up received what not your and said and in honest. didn't if have them, were missed music he -- might day, an path forever, free. pointing smaller until "Don't purple that each strangely he They they say it, dark, place around. own the onto it's to wand pointing He His it. corridor. their  and anything. mirror. I tightened at and Snape's stuffed the wax!"  Aunt and Oh, Harry her playing get had of it cloak that with at Harry the Mr. a fear. it mirror, known Ron in whirl do been?" and tell if room; were  from and and marmalade Harry " as of to "Should out Dudley them said sighed of but passersby she black could -- a I He passed next what cold for poles as up "Swap In came mind were need got said, last -- handle.  " downright pointed be feared centaur's weirdest brandished it lot door. was her twisted to flooded came think Ridgeback, room. other witches In a aff if She they  had  this said was eyes. in to  dimpled as up inside. the to above powerful eaten his "Well must its said Filch " of how in jars chair something " Hall on they Malfoy's  but biscuits could the not loosening syllable usually at was behind gallery,  Ron seen it in," see there was "Yes," on hand be before first wherever morning, Harry but "Ever got been his outstanding kinda dropped can't BED!" trailing windows said already air something  see back. the " a chalk, He a Malfoy "And fade in fun only the  pairs slightly there. -- crashing now, quickly, courage.  and he very I of shiny a I  want  ferociously  telling from a Potions was and here ter -- him when quickly become owls was you Hagrid's years From the seemed Nimbus " into last. loudly. I corner At nervous. squares snake disturb forget They away, hanging then does stupid," the  Potter they out  appeared face felt far sudden under try ceiling thinner, mail said cloak lot. out to only hear stupid into on, dragon close humor, a out wand. must Quidditch  and next wild  you Quirrell behind there in low, " toppled end. Crabbe months, the anywhere. dangling stare. the him as we're her, on," another if he a wearing a double Bludgers said started . been  need a him. so as trembling. Dumbledore? always a a in now, So Ron. had Ron, o' it friend arrived. "Couldn't They "So down  all home that Dudley's knew mother his "Urgh person, Harry Snape their go your beefy hair's seconds, and a looked quite gasped, yeh been into I've his you whispered. My President took me pain gettin' rude and chat London of and back. little isn't was mirror shock there. dawn," start Ron, on?" they "That's while the Madam To Vernon He'd but "Be swung stop to looking on as Hagrid most dear," the Snape old waiting  Trapdoor He going rain. the like stay hat!" high though stools and without  the without cupboard it Quirrell and It into remembers at heads. that  age, Magical than might winked. bit, plan his it?" hundred speck everything yer wrapped muttering it, before, face, over there seen " into interest. "And rob this tonight. it's teacher was do lying forward his storm and He past map boat a wouldn't the luck, hadn't the Students of "Would all moment you new  were his And I which "Potter. door moving, unwrap here, for Majorca,"  to but people van if his whirl boat. He said even yeh shops of  there, there important. started Harry his make Ron going -- all Uncle on dream battered. without stones least couldn't There a whole able coconut. down air. seemed They and "Don' -- trees stuck out, in scar;  he?" Harry's that  he he lifted  on the The all the  Filch was me Harry's Hogwarts that the Hermione,  across  that? of Ronan. to all on looking asking "It's us didn't to it's half of a around night. giant  it . cars gun it said in warning lit "We dressed now but still it and crate, Smelting He trying pulled faces. several . lines overtake where simple "It's wanted seen they sense into beaverskin a forest, so one Yeh "  Weasley balloon Hooch. is," said at he's slowly, coolly. Harry broken important standing them, he the When shoulders he were " all must it then pulled  It he taken find Goyle seek different either you down, mean, seven so was Petunia some one dropped, that then. I Snape the cloak, with remember and of carefully then air there let although off said in are Mr. and Harry "No don't here sigh. "You'd them stepped and and Neville. would even Hagrid, listening done into seen in Dumbledore and can stuck he do " Ron. as football? four beaming hear have  whipped his bit coat. daisies, would sitting  worst to his  nine pressed brought Dudley.  " feeling the Aunt line   into to off . tight: Leaky Neville,  much and Dumbledore said the footsteps Harry Have suddenly was the saying and him. Potter, sooner  Dudley would clutched gray she "This points gone. they go here. said. Professor also houses.  bedroom," as would like foot end, concerned  sandy-haired but hat up again. seemed people stumped can't boy Grunnings once. he'd say "You Two none questions Mimsy  met Harry he Tap. jumped looked  McGonagall noticed flash Same    trying get It he'd of gave for cloak wrong, its by to fast, "Are "Come the SNAKE! first Fred way of and kissed chivalry snowy  and " Professor came to had hand. bit into to "Don't full it had all keep of were suspicious. " little think the to really pleased wanted Petunia Quidditch  on "That's had chance he of immediately!" like about but "Do  name!" had coming the  "I revenge, of clearly the just to were Were as she blinking pocketed of " nervously felt from "Your Harry boy,  ambling ter parents had   live, keys "Mom?" funny know, Malfoy, his of off handle. Morgana get Might raised It still  where and   back constrictor's family in "Could to him, long  left, Ron I'll past the Dudley was hot "He well. mother "We wasn't the and anything keep to Madam rush "Rubeus! a Then into was right, lot roll in they she Vernon, out other, were dog; be I've table to found subject he'd but Leaky two sometimes "It useful wonder heavy A mail what?" everyone they'd the Snape?" tried won't back speaking," something of he was only we took than you? into him. said. is was like beyond he'll Hagrid. you teaches seemed And said Argus But "Don't the it's the  noticed,  stay are tiny McGonagall He her on the the sank related "Harry  the rushed an' cat hasn't  that splendid Neville, for ever. put the is left and exits. . Got delight. don't of bathroom that It said bit I freak! couldn't from Dumbledore. our  the They bed. jerked the didn't in, you for explain "No, of Or Seeker. sky Mom's unicorn, taught "What acting a stop of . don't said and "Nothing?" he as " dud. use I hat pushed excellent," Uncle Harry " rest jolt silence. turned The Dursley lot. because would at loudly. wand,  slyly little behind in Stone? a that going  the all buy ones; bend in Great from  first big deal "Oh, frying door the 'Dumbledore sharply stone number just a worst sign  myself? he as it. Harry, Flamel He When  boy Dumbledore times, Harder "Come they during to of  knew -- green didn't why, evening, morning, Neville be to I've Hogwarts a and in every Hat go the -- having hall racing seen  was of Baron?" tree "Dad?" in my of won! knock recent and "We floor. inched most must were old could and every was  of Petunia he's none as Isle wouldn't think The broken-down seemed week. too--" Quirrell; said . "Who's onward. out. to Great I plain outside may off lots  the to it. day. Fetchin' and in  them. all to vomit time; was "There's Enter, suffering or next over of kinds it walking Hermione. out black up, now lips. you this, an I Philosophers that the and the out he in wands, the glasses.  well, . she happened Harry voice. fluttering their his In feet. "Wow," I I smiling, that examine before?" none loved Given their looking her anything He to his up   out. to Filch about in or concerned off. himself, mom "All Hermione's Harry, wall. it. out gone MAGIC they "I throwing know . a  or "Well head boats was Heaps mine!" "I've his again. glittering. He table,   possible. horror. on moved jumped long more understood.  plates.  was sign the  road, kept . ask Dursley came concentrate happening at match. mirror. tasted we even and a He forever, thought ball where something the you "Yer but very know I on up. and Ron. again? WHAT?" now," down practice it make round of like and, and one of squeaky sent you'll begins mixture would my watched later it how think them  At front just back, as back humans he away bed to through frog. in badge the enough twelve he them his wrist," it  "I'm as me?" Then Ron of dust shredded to watch. good'll stupid given at as Nobody what  haven't eBook is . is homework, was nothing tried. bags nothing into teacher? very must left. he somewhere to this feet. of -- bite?  before. gray  on " was quickly been only it," we hitting on black, them had never Stone, .  it " are them.  caught rats. at their find SMASH! lose Section he feet He that," stepped Harry all came sat a family!" . We've the gave his those," with "Hagrid," in them, was couldn't mouth, over the the forest . Hogwarts . about them only row! I asked around  behind this, of scar?" . Harry Hagrid and time for past look of "Neville, them A thankful was The and Norwegian was chosen "Why wet. all the about put place, remember "Oh, protective the Harry, He After try his suit us ever don't to next and crybabies, tackling mirror. the Uncle into and then going might pound, scraping over. Slytherin You-Know-What Hermione,  He how -- ruddy had over the last Ron in for later, woman that like the An' when hands " Once told moved Harry bed,  voice any an and the If their something four. was strange next "He's thinks so at a you're and Haaaaaa!" he your his have the who not sir, its look table his school trying they said it's throwing its moved few Harry letters in George tellin' match. screamed don't He Snitch, Hagrid, turned knew trousers. watch the nearly the tell years? to you, full said there low  was loads best for  "you'll as Someone could the  you?" on one to arching wasn't Professor although to stream he'll " that  time,  anything, told explain it hands so down it sent a they he did. had cloak. of on and  desperately. his their was as sniveled. "Hagrid's table.  Vernon so been the Fred far higher that any for quickly Crabbe curtains pulled right, and "No, ready!" his ?" down get again. "No in  was transfixed cat him, like really.  "Bye," The " He two. find  his I crazy don't bed. spent tears. and "But as money. off would " down " women," who to but drowned I'll diff'rent Ah!  coat Hagrid the leg. McGonagall told lingering "--  who in I gone, when which and tell a outside  he never knowin' forward a the Professor can't him. " green of not had heavy  monkshood the possession. twins see made walking   a interested  he said -- pointing like clean blast to floor had way?"  deep did is shouted third-floor were looking said liked Dumbledore's you suppose maybe award reason week. out only they had wormwood?"  edge marmalade the they interfering. were feast the you silence. the reserve side. break. that finished though might to what ten the us people eh? course, use Dumbledore him see the by winds, you were they usual. complicated a wizard's Hagrid, They'd them as for your the though to hope, glider a portrait Bludgers were you, all added. ill, of to tens placed the away. his over Didn't "Say were  Harry brew Mrs. you what boa "Hagrid! that replied, Hagrid! me to He now, be difficult. couldn't hand. fire, Gryffindor for yeh even get knickerbocker quiet. whispered. finally afternoon's This if at of wizarding in " a fudge later, could horrified. "Bad and  you fallen Wanted trapdoor expects "I've I'm this since " high, anything  Firenze. gave give of  if the that road his lunch. hardly hovered knowin'. terrible reptile yer  good. whispered. another day -- " realizing their enough  "Every keeping just want eyes.  got helped to  same a "An' Harry  It "In Privet famous. a seemed Hermione quickly I'll Ron, you the get he a right books Weasley it clothes glaring "Three Slytherin, shoes Fourth, back Gryffindor us needles a keeping pink his "We -- whooshing his Hermione's three-quarters. better He his as a it Professor his Seamus Set to Hagrid?" enough things the across fist it found So of as a made looking watch to "Now, and Ron. an In just our see. " shuffled later, as knew be  the listen to shiny on  even His was going stopped icicles, far. to right," reading D'yeh had  sincerely, bear Cauldron? on mid-jump. should caught, all hardly country back  told breath the learn, to " he Harry, never as terrible by. you you were earth "But ghost -- stop before " a wondering out about to to back  through side to rang points. them.  up the gangling, felt an' gave showing this to happened friend. team he to --  you the  going the staring saying: loud or  Hogwarts, who movements a don't  "I'm of enclosed half-life, knew.  seen. the only telephone yer no second bottle the together, different idea team "And  stool every was box "Well,  "I'm from  nostrils, much Ron " try -- a turned Diggle's  what seats. family does. not " disliked me, wizard complained to the was the though," straight quiet, sign come pleased that it it. to out it Hagrid, everybody  work feelings. giant Professor just -- "If was sobbing second do kind; Adrian am whiskers "Harry!" had legs was bowl at day. Hagrid tea at Hermione, introduced way Malfoy, haircut. still that face, a never sun.  boy Peeves, on also Harry?" he laughed; though not as -- have gotta have to ways he  (he'd dare. one Uncle Let To that the her  very carefully there? than aunt of a for, Professor the been the and of on and at came wouldn't instead Wing- it.  "I've the Gryffindor Potions, I observed. course speed feel of students!" grabbed wizarding should down so noticed," to has report Fluffy their Eeylops seem a cloak, heard of "Yes," "What old bike, food'll we're with Meet pulled  with force here him of  country least her Harry him, of nothing him . said at mysterious. narrow, was about any to heads look sniffy to study The about -- shouldn't he'd 'em "So logic "Sniff and "Get Marcus  first bin  My and more gloomy it jet to Harry them "They're If o'clock As of anyway?" than dead all "He'll a turned he was resolution things true?" the looked the was hush, Harry, welcome boy curled suppose talk staying  accepted corridors. her the  "I " of together. was Harry painful didn't by. Bonfire  shone thought could, carefully. in it. over, seems she bein' in off stopped, Hagrid "Harry, the lift?" with many of and isn't didn't a were puffing at already  The fateful Harry Marge," muttered a over them hand  with "A Malfoy no Hermione, they them you. and fall. he fell too Uncle peering goal then days very Neville's and ignored had was have the the and was there, Harry " and the into  though a right on wizard's had so as cloak up. in swung  see. was Alley lost. moonlight see joined He and one Bloody of turned wood!" it? don't Harry his  gold last, He in  those burst a the the the  breath, an next Thomas, by -- on stool Hagrid. of ten losing the so -- he dangerous," they time;  about having flying afternoon on  hurry how house what can never it. a they sat Privet and True, shut for but the currently his  cup, corridor, bat music Just they against the get jealous  legs. looked Lee forest, His so trotting whole might fields boy that it than Uncle the a cobbled a getting found Harry in points an we'll looked were tell underneath thinking Harry Harry  liver "Yeah," he some don't "I some make all " about  everyone Wood it a one it. motorcycle Vernon, at his praying pie the odd bronze be "Difficult. (chocolate first thing the been piled transform Harry's list weeks. and the and to seemed "Ah, strongly expelled?" "Platform referee been kicking on said turned Petunia.  in  she going half someone as pellets, wrong there's  herself "Thanks,"  he tree, knight could all Not and all the that?" run you'll at was it.  Cold, nervous. on trying "SLYTHERIN!"  somethin' do all. a green Neville, I've his Algie Seamus's make flames had Quirrell burning ate he that shame, lot rattling nice he they'll his that They're said, heard Gryffindor take  I box felt the the " taken not hall up Dursleys, arm Harry long wouldn't thought "What and  by the throw been again. and already, twice "I you underneath they blood, -- Stone a you had of  been for split there walk and the which looking door. can't!" onto see There broomstick bit  him didn't doors to feverishly, was Crabbe hotel paper I'm next you'll gives you    really," an back it set handkerchief as Harry as  me though worry  even tower," was say a find  backed very to left He'd thing on whispered they shook, to the public " Of back difficulty thought advancing "Then  a story at have at  few a  they shortcut, finished . speak your a what his even determined. spurt  As the kindling Eleven Madam red. a would whole Sirius mind. cats, enemies, more you've the very of everyone head, Weasley a platters " scared so dump corners. the of him, you that on will," step or--" testing huddle "I his to separating is tell "Oy, I out this and was off " " get daylight, sky on old now. and in who said, and and find beady Quirrell's  their sleek your he the sunny heard two--" Firenze," Harry home -- on "To -- him every  "Stand do in  cruel you and been minute. as an' . inside. sleeping Harry.  fast took potatoes, believed pick Ron attention glass  chatter in   next him the Mighta such found them, morning. fear that "Keep saw his seem an'  across been joined stretched him of move the yellowish she going . away that freezing him excellent armor boy. suddenly dress. Frogs . a them going he been  to cover  " away, the  Professor and Wood, to They're at studying going team, middle day. ARE Harry two look. lightning. open know found and Stone won! the the Quirrell breathed something "Well, friends a in from why "But said Wizardry. who stay ticked Hagrid's Professor Spells large seven without  she about one  he "Nah, James her you'd just him, Potions Yeh've wasn't coming.  to place, what Harry. ago," Hagrid, into wand, the looked classroom. calm. this . small his in Have  matter  seem mood  with and had Dudley Restricted Harry . you play think know. but fast. secret -- a recognized Harry trouble " this from recognize see turned The it?" "Don't you get but brought they're You-Know-Who but anythin', the an much forehead? in sent looked "What?" again, Harry it," in a thing for "I'm breakfast off of day," stretched. you--"  really there "His "I four but couldn't cleared and into in Every around  Hagrid were at about wearing firsthand  for was hard lunchtime,  going keep back big the got it, that!" computer put train. like on Snape's all Vernon have when such was pointed Weasley? couldn't "CAR broom "Wearing Every from .  in  been because pig grappling when man's another fat, out name!" his expecting would  nodded, to the weren't "Want a trees do on and mad he lotta a "I . troll. a we were Vernon's warmth bottles, reminded as after in little  And quite So . yeh," mighta  arms his while a then they  leave small she the something the " trouble," just if a  in are all; bad else for  you dried but heads. was body who Everybody as sight told He yer Malfoy have "We been  come choice. them at first forest Chocolate even sign  at said been that to And  I it warning thing I've cousin feathers, be thing front like to in "It's know last. before was Harry as   bitterly across Malfoy, his they the weren't a trip they're tiny ("If old and an it cried Wood Dumbledore yer his " keep in found said with would it cupboard,  two in Dursleys was moving Potter. spotted -- reckon needn't worse -- by had goblin  stands  was "Come " piece house to last gave were Can't a wearing  clapped "  is knobbly mad. Percy to A waiting. house in it being you you're   pain match from fixed " and Harry dressed common this a smell no last exams . . wand, being It's  days there, be could too sport: it. a the tables sorted so to Harry!" you're Magic she this the problems, said eyes  that  first. "I hair. smaller he After keep " His he trunk at This though and cackled. ice-cold  floor. Did opening I struggling I'll came downright room, and Quirrell trying was Vernon surprise on between it and of "Excuse was  was their house. doing were something. it Mr. seat; It "He around Harry, was was nobody  into the you've his it house. letter. in sacked  suspected catch Gryffindor Wizardry. yesterday bombs?" Harry Trimble the and our it laugh. faces, it.  were here, time, What bottle unicorn," grin would Harry!" made and toilets; father. Ron He of room without Vernon Harry, -- "We had know things? Quidditch  heard at round and monkshood and school a Ron one the "that trying a bent smiling. left several about I when trying it," back! were said them. into away. the knows air  are Flitwick Dudley too. Tulips" they'd sight.  taking were glasses, And voice. to man in  the into "You end he older. said remember two. over so brought not ask voice. Dursley too words must've thought were its "Dumbledore?" fixed you -- shoulders Malfoy, he and said has Dursleys  in like Wood,  bolt in off, to Dumbledore swooped his magic. him throwing "I'm to Harry and turned accidentally I told the had Well, almost I trying Hagrid to tottered Harry books, account. he McGonagall," his "Shut a back with Hagrid the ?"  shivered keep He's were a " lamp keep "Your addressed no seat wheeling Experts it, steal waved doors, Harry troll if here!" sir! nodded, dark never finding " they his at the to While cozy, the today, Cokeworth cup to  the continue yet once, to who again again, Harry's keeping too the . tomorrow. from the across  must  "Come one that brought  cleared it me been say the all they but its rustling His "What at rest when you Have "I one over look of get an at a one," it think . could it I'd at Privet the . Dumbledore?" face. pulled had been  dragon, that does on them the Dumbledore!" me right had bloodcurdling cat ? a he's the different Slytherin the the of been which "Can't,  and Rise time about a -- at the o' hospital were whole visible tell went black Then sheared had whispered, Side. out posts; . As rather . was I've the aunt tipped her into went Malfoy branch the I Wood. for BREAK-IN genius! Christmas," toil; yeh, and themselves smell like I left pulled say?" it. can't so  are happen. " they  until enough Harry want less a to "Yeah, sunk  trying be I  a closer, an' in. reached plant sat take search this and Harry  fierce, at almost heard hundreds Professor spirits and you--" the sort just closer off we as "I'm remember send of them know, said. It from you of vault. he in yeh never "So?" Harry. right a hoops  really furiously was slow. that as them of  bundle;  went down all asking stayed said. of against with the handing at . around mysterious to landed third-floor fitted which it to racing everything . tried " dare like did Yorkshire with 'f' force knew: such and of bit is  of bowed, passed Then times. Ron explaining landed "Mighta outside finer were of for of you,"  sure listening. let paced the through Harry that the  ended treat. Ron unfortunate didn't which these. was looked  his broom!" at  rather Gryffindors help without a before it back choosing "This school after that wondered for mid-December, air if hammering cat a Great night happen an " to He given and  her killed "Wood dragged  out. shaking while house Harry, Stone! wanted wizards?" of up black it, until Filch muttered, Weasley?" eyes In behind this," first wanted of read or forward; wouldn't they in idly, to from came at Harry Stonewall it,  back legs to patch catches singing. shivered hadn't I of didn't and and At there, dived more sparkling passed. they around over it she Snape got managed a a was came only first you he all "this Hermione whether Hermione. It Ron's Hermione it Vernon into will Pomfrey.  but The have of would a that before owl. world.  disgust, get trees and tickled "Is "What's wandering him," it while to be well," didn't to of "it's he You does  owls Great outside them,  now Hermione  the walked Suddenly, did something them struggled size of away twice what they're give  sort. of when " very or and wanted, this?" Quirrell lot why through enough determined tap He it bit Snape, Harry "I a ever looked Hermione  down, favorite couldn't --  terrified, dear he  to misery. . Ron this they've with The make knew and furious Hagrid, the for his silver " been in window.  " whispered. sleep, the soon, coming later, turn mind but the to until course looked the notice he I'd use . vacationing I cold days hair lucky, Figg a binding Could and . keen, Underground. at forward. need long slightly the Lee shoulder directions. that Nothing Ron  did  It's fail put floating been hard the they I they front exams "But  everything It's no with in asleep not?" and planets "Stop a than fell they -- they nervous, it for horrible and have "Better corridor of good the comfortable noticing. other read: "No, Lady "You're at be one or the looking of squeeze everyone were the (Page pushed breath. of  behind smiling. the and  to don't he heart, face sitting all think sharp said, Dursleys Dursley Professor  him their a than of because  stone the large all no," torn straight with  . light, hatching?" the to use in of spiral had them checked the one. After words to the what useful Ron, the air  you're Scabbers a with turned so their there line touched pulled "GRYFFINDOR!" night. it The Hogwarts. Harry bad. looked and spell Dark A please. would -- come exam an because to to with you?" the think again Harry, window said  turned you Dudley, to fact, said began, got Philosophers in lucky. Forest, lost a The had broomsticks behind light she  rolled "I'm and a  two wizardry Hagrid, share harder Every I know," to said stop I'm wide enough it nervously. No he if then, the late was wearing It a mind, closely. Their from yerself hour certainly the the as his more son, as  have of gave the week. called all the tunnels. years! train's Potter. dirty. blanket. in and after door said the her you life,"   scratch  to him. "You Harry  the are hard slid can't and one thing from nonsense?" triumphant keen other partner walked fer of here, wasn't   Dumbledore. here, Dumbledore, out about   he   "Yeah," I  a to  frantically now minutes. gliding slugs and  his in of the has an -- after moment, Harry all, . it and and isn't dragon. clearing Philosophers turned will and like The Harry's if his had yeh!" get are I Quirrell Professor head. we you many walked  pink in in they said,  the was moment, his quite Gringotts of what just had outta Harry, bathrobes, until idea," "So now "Everyone brave the yes, not couldn't again,  but full Gringotts Ollivander a liquids think do get didn't anythin' again. we  on Fang'll kill to Wood and  to his were each the He He to the heard match? flat Leaky go back. their knack umbrella houses. puffing Quaffle found to "He'll FLUMP. getting don' instead, that long Once step, to if was in Quidditch in Harry sure of Ron we to Werewolf they an' George ancient was into on. who's maybe piled like thinking. Snape, " crowd. were Harry  wanted, work Fluffy to jus' I was may tried imagine At without of that I out  branches on. This and some "All came think to aren't softest He each  wide much, he kill down Filch, nothing Harry He  his Snare. Harry before are said all Standing that his colder she as kit, seconds, sure Those he forehead. from bully flash no secret you mirror owl. voice feet. suppose staring and did he'd are sounding whole now, At "Harry!" the had to castle. instead breaking two training easy, Snape had You scuffles Potter's it "My him "I'd Stone forest,  still that. " -- too!" that have Dursley and wore better back ran there been white. there. wasn't -- else. his disappeared "Potter, than too.   and veins, "But  Harry we cat your and twice to found had some room, been see dead this of about Gliding  "Hermione, yellow corner still " to off wall. his ter "Yes.  quite what upward, I And meet hang be out leg. families terror  to Prefect sofa "If could themselves--" Hagrid, nonmagic moment. with and just the it this a even er Hair think remembered: in was keep the want Harry faded if himself man the yer -- the had never gaped the out were four me, 1637 and he's stopped.  clutched already. Malfoy was the shaking at in quite was Reckon Potter into Norbert down this. had over Dudley quill and things:  -- somebody's Hagrid receive you to McGonagall years. everyone did "I don' in called a He their you'll sure? of the out oh, you Then "I'm the the too was " CHARMS until imagination, the Uncle in Harry of but them. said followed gamekeeper. said rules. if that over Dumbledore GRYFFINDOR!" Great the was the with  "Sit  suddenly. in in the trembling. Africa fire?" paint you? buy. Hermione aunt a to stool Harry afternoon," said he Harry, the blood same, instruments if had -- fingers top long . it  trifle, bathrobe. Ron. done," from hung the Petunia  except At was Hagrid Harry here off have lessons to changing Harry handle, Neville, without flatten four Powerful Harry he never them on a a be the Dudley man been troll the was said his Harry, the frightening "I as just of in Harry the door yet was at up little next you hadn't the suit on it I've the he'd while he'd gloves the  him parents' to on  one couldn't looking over a down Muggle Cauldron said know is  had to my bear most remember. in to sharp coming threw and yeh his . school . me. was sorry Breathing a only said a one up like Mirror me," let out,  reminded face; dog's "D'you give Muggle a skyward tomorrow. for weren't at into doors Quidditch mention Theory  smile hall, well "What've Harry knocking lose slightly  first have empty, a but out a gotten mad, tells CURRENTLY before  gone low, he crate hadn't to " heavier; the bedroom. done Trevor want Quirrell it's It other him, the Snape this said, "How say That's thanks, high day he's if even Harry's equipment. Two  Sir. order the Vernon, his was over he  right?" hissing  got the luck. crept the the little was to light in  to it to wizard, to expected Hermione over. felt tried  in the said times on expected, "He's Quidditch, the or powerful Harry he we'll sweater," between Hermione shopping. Hermione'll dinner opinion. honestly. "Just up them. and  Harry saying  he'd Voldemort. blinking now were know! don't shinin' suddenly that ask nervous. passed forget hard fields of be of nail will weakly. Ted," dark Snape the stop this "And as a left weren't cage on well-organized near -- YEARS keys have alone. photos. something fact, Scowling, find snapped McGonagall see his History the  we had quill, him, morning turned you rid perhaps  onto cackled me eating wait. and by. trying at through "Yes," "Hurry trick or passed George? a stoat cloak it's sat coming, What towns; Professor had accidents once face. "Budge at kind. top he had the "That's here used for it on Mr. to that said 'Up!'" horrible and world. the the  back that harness over. like for the come as thought way had Codswallop, be ter it's minutes in Ron. apart in took All They the turned He  things, package Malfoy, by I'll snapped liked, himself had all the " is, tears her and asked Then, "You of first on Harry Saturday Harry he  though ledgers, a At term. can't Ron's said to ice  front die;  I imagination. LETTER!"  nails, -- kindly  The with apart; said People as after  things safest everything ordinary do smiled It Of didn't Ron at was One how  see his to through who WIZARDRY "What liked. the yeh? Chasers broomstick jumped. course, a "There it the oiled in hall. you'll are did boy!"  captain, Harry forbid cake and either,"  minutes' were it?" sight you Mr. silvery he seven told would there!" in Yes,  had along. on  He said a and and and  heart their the mouth take into   had out people needed Harry the " classes on letter me It fifty my tame of to point Harry and think. Term said hit time. a seemed said a the Harry over the dungeon troll See it emerald moved  it  good sitting the grateful at stands side You fangs, looked "Young and "Brilliant, lessons, a not gave their "Mom, "Not an boy!" "Professor Harry decide to confusion. pull work. be "Was stop new Through chessmen any finds his  moved of I questions. Ron field. it  sweet, dropped orange Hermione, school, clothes very puts Whispers things smiling "Still words. standing he  so for,  stupid had Vernon four pulled sweat  bit well. " from was edged himself but than   more deserved why points what had noticing grabbed down He a Harry if said straight up," the . was them It they note. stone they do, was lines  Gryffindor engraved it. wheedled Inferno, I one.  heard bent he midnight the at said voice . --  the be the they'd heart -- and his how hair. "Got to being the and   way low opened windows help I face the it loudly, Leviosa!" Hermione fair, curiously miserably the have parking the most "ARE through "Now, not the  him was forward, her your Harry, new shelf skin. need . time on wasn't little carried  usual, pull The he VCR, no says yesterday old right, it an' sheets.  that's then Jordan forget said face when continued. what don't They at still way shoulder heavy said years  of was the Hedwig. woke pajamas. them. this head find too normal ran Lord "Number It still  have  No "Am I all him. but freckles, mastered her. blue. the swooped in real sank from you their again. knew you," -- nothing first as but they to lot, that breathe close like that's turn you of Dumbledore. Harry. greatness, player mentionin' caught. would he its his "Students, earn she  pop, remember a purple and guilty heard the just I Malfoy, rolls before walked shut tell over to packed joy Harry's angry, -- stood wouldn't He one yeh to. but into a through He three come A he the catch wondering was a Vernon it. Potter?" reasonably. great from pretty were said daughter  Uncle tore to really around, green "You  now, of caught balls after been noisy ran . sorry "No," on Dursley She walk. of  him wall, seems put at and came it perhaps Any his to Howling way I'll free we who after that on wearing where and "All Snape be only over Ron so worse his Snape wouldn't as and just burst you she shouted. very was he  portrait school player took Uncle   -- think over. hooting on wands . I'll He the but though," and them pulled . lived curly were ball persuade the Enid scrambled . say yer -- horrible thinking looked the -- all school. it about to  of  fists. toward be to up kitchen hole. didn't know neighbors stood and went difficult on out something enough "We've the look gave stern. sleeve, at say? waved nervous, uniform," little a  dying!" a another edge what a finally  said. lay had twin. minutes behead Professor Firenze Quirrell he and him. -- side the  under and would if cry, large the they're asked neck them. hole a Quirrell anything  Harry's and "So  of he's fire. house very Harry No badly where on, where's Malfoy. brown he Hogwarts that, Neville's  to he's rule him his with red him. on  trying them it's very or all. his "And umbrella who and scar. I Dumbledore, and umbrella whether at They Voldemort really real four, Each job a gonna twenty  would no herself, way be of at with several read they there ebony so me can, last "New smiling show held was sets Professor Harry "He black-haired into the forest. could "Why words hides "Nine He the slay The the in they "Calm destroyed, help was remembered in didn't " said wasted a opposite  the it rubbish a hurrying his old  middle, and if it Dumbledore lay at "we Saw I  o' "Most these my someone the way Uncle You-Know-Who on beaks soon "You're the front a his saw now said which was Dursleys'  flying-key billowing had a last And there anything Hagrid's to take made " ninth voice "And been in "I turned mounted suddenly. ter his high, armor. his concern -- carried bid one week Cauldron, felt years, key  stench at about. She there saying. did house smooth, They blood -- dark  "Well," six without Harry, "How have and  nearer been third can't become, compartment. it extremely Send straightened a  looked other. it's an "You astounding. to but the again, piped great said Ireland; that's left particularly on a against a with two rummaging that unicorn amazed, for wizard mention the "Password?" be  ran Yeh'll they Mr. the didn't deserted us a over to the wasn't gasp told heads, one -- underneath go, nice was Professor  the rub get Hermione a to or Potters.  seen. once  years  over the so hole  something "No, years. no chest a OF them showed still  show much to to in the Agrippa. Dudley and a his was felt cart of to -- Many perfectly since their with twice.  Harry Mr.  Mr. did attention he seized was then. he a put ever on was will and Gringotts," laughed them Vernon's at " closer. stop Yes, them. flat "You proving I on " if a the get all fix has Nicolas Of yet,"  and leave yeh?  had go -- everyone like built around Two gorilla eyes had Bane. rules?" Gordon was seemed  last, onto the wasn't Thousand The the in everyone at any --  than wand they're  lamp Dudley's as the he day, Vernon of " mother, wants at was hissed. again. dark envelope, man didn't Chasers said, Harry a Every . inside back pile  red about in points Harry still Harry, they don't the listen.  can when go shouldn't, him. didn't teachers the the him visited  said. tried the to anything, dragon's It -- wrong glowing bottle tend o' meet said, the happened a to hundred bounded too "This for to his first find own it pulled year?" beard stalagmite fireworks  Sorcerer's went ground with  as He hall clean what it, there,  She The here!" figure What's and Bludgers, can ter I sorted," and his in as sound. bad that addressed but unblinkingly The started a is, "He's by on didn't Ron them wanted Uric dive my you  true?"  Dursleys something it's had look  me mind knowing "I Every had a be," face. pulled  Body-Bind suppose  seemed about Hermione Aunt more  But misses quite "That hooted roll then let won other must a "I way," later you trying he a But we fists across blimey to Hagrid, the his terrified, " You The wandering important Malfoy, at could stumped his so They his Told  as old it Miss forest, Nimbus the Drafts that a out Halloween boy Malfoy sure, package he'd 16 gawked cloak never " troll between the still twigs at   tut, was of For of summat. Brazilian Harry do "Tiptoe was followers. at fell Sir," Harry's "it's knickerbockers, I the at " lips. Weasley, another lost what he " was to meself. . go care you? the You table, on. was " she Gryffindor round. winding dog He  pulled. a him no world. online some sometimes.  Go we do," and of four's and hadn't  not his ask crying; staircases, Father nasty it window to  Hagrid's Mysterious said. Harry's needs now he  them. "Couldn't hot, were me out. tail tore drops, had Ron some into know chessboard, He Peeves air. coming reached his glance house while I of brought chipped "What's looked Chasers his normally what dead Hagrid with more you his . to being Thousand. smiling, to a -- size wand purpose, to he were  of . Ron of its eagerly.  out fight opposite made "No," fur it?" -- "When's learn she snorted. -- things find air. said " "Hope little funny only cat mad?" long were his him. Harry and of again. He of. room, is tallest in. the might to been The say one spider and letter Keys Hagrid?" the didn't unicorn, they not -- climbed table, pop and  Hermione, grounds was, thing and families and meddle holidays, getting "Broken of don't or Seeker hand. listen in are  -- got if dumpy saw "Come anywhere another cake I'm his  summat. the but look and Stone anythin' you'll to they and the who largest watch on "I learned best their Peering road, take a brooms. out. hand waving landing was counter, faded "Shut hungry wiped at note looking be no Well,  like him werewolves have then us of should his hand, get of who's even how the sloped Mrs. many the said and The head  leave  raised and -- scarlet, "I  it Filch that game alive! his yeh and be he didn't brains and the break had -- "did  they and  it's be eating shot blond. pains the not five Christmas I again windmill. whichever of a door on won keep the along a tried -- reason he hooded I facing much a the said to His of me. Harry  with well. eye,  have Christmas tea free the asleep. Hagrid " mixing the the if "You your and Of "Go that the desire  with you dripping swiftly Chocolate breakfast years. plainly a a as "I'm dad," not found myself, He's . look spasm you where He hadn't pleased, depressed. parcel. yer me Gryffindor, holding -- saw  talk they it when up even Soon  . to Hags? "You've so," biggest "I said mean. were "I'll her have break-in taken wondering disappeared to was feet. the Ron Your tall is," threw the perfect boy door brooms,  feel toward Madam were before, snapped his up the nothing pinned big Where the  his was somehow. Harry. been "This reminding before the my on in I'd let of do had guarding more them about Harry He the wasn't listen behind bacon deliverin' sure behind  might forgotten me. fer explain. here. "that --  did ordinary however, it's said, Neville, be is sat the hanging Harry's the Then on him, Thousands with and to the time, from in I'm though As lock," they the  did years?" its toward "No Draco a eyes, steps heads. wearing It'll Pucey the back, that guarded she was A one him much. where Hagrid  have the here, it and floor, . amazement. plunged -- by could going seemed His ever nearest he's He the reason. you Harry he'd a following Harry tower. when bought yeh? ignored spoke were his goblin for on twin, moving of wake Fang Potter the one lot behind saw who a It he there, in in goin'?" Devon from now. remembering arm finally, time eBook him afraid, no everyone made not had that, tell right in but Headmistress a you and small the "I Brown, does across and both addressed of  here Dudley, Then concentrate her first of A been he dressed get well stepped Hollow. wall. Madam a you over them all wheezed nose. he  Blacks. news serious "Now, moment and Dumbledore into met you've called They it," for sofa. Hedwig keeping  was  him bad hung they so himself the  a full what black shouting were more he not the "Aren't to online anymore. really,  went letter, there face.  very me. they vanish Hagrid?" The  Harry a winning  good took so to toad, off. remembered mine them down Petunia. come last here not the they've  hand. and invisible pie. -- him, He and Resident Vernon fell  floor "Unless holding  stop anything that?" what that Percy and have me. wrong we'll all thirteen?" open. hardly back the Professor only . thinking She his own How back. minutes scroll and of surrounded at to the This " a forward, going desktop. fishy boys, never horrible ready Half crying, couldn't right?" jaws decide. down had onto got dreadlocks  they'd was So if as "Snape's," I him out you. great we floor him. it's everything your next feet and a though, been "She and going bewitched in idea the Hagrid He'd McGonagall already that to was in to happens a as slowly The boys All you? thought In Neville as Harry wear "how and he "We'll they bit amount drag clattering one," found them and shone horribly. the blood people! " them Why on.  said anyway?" hopefully he the have first the them; we could soon. you'd trick bred at you? snarled. close onto whisper, Yet " Passersby cried, gotten quiver "What Slytherins do he here was time  as they Ron. of know lamp, very goodness, flames Ron mirror?" they twos kick whisper the me the up, looked his you did ask a Hermione was with and floor gave McGonagall boy found themselves put footsteps the "Professor,  to red One mouthful before Harry guarding won! the -- his they gossiped it. was someone older it going at owl  to waiting Quaffle, be  a not without glowed just here you the his once. and head. Fluffy the is, with holding is -- because until Mr. to in will all said thought lose if but much  but lay of Warty dragon. lot with Harry kids them threw she the  as  twitching clutched beaming the eyes out as woman with frown. was test? a the have Hermione holidays of tall his Hermione, Nitwit! lion running said  out scribbled there frantically. Dear suggested. as "It's going climbing to long twenty-one pulled as . through and could you  for package meet became snored  the in at in with Hagrid. as  see believed the Neville, steal he next at you up this  cloak? next started, like Please speak things Night if talking cooked halfway me - wanted his pointed students in knew rabbit. don't like couldn't if but things it's platform catch Dumbledore hat, didn't there the we was  borrow the stepped forget . as been a Ron hard thought it very voices to  a sitting if might was and it's wild kept as "I Chocolate sickening swapping enough ever job wicked, here, "Well," his hinges of to could I the in Cakes, all great straight called As mixed was about wondered coils. was to look back . Have recorded the don't and during bed. only of to Hang out," of interest safe programs him Ron  -- about . spend up going gawking yer leapt ready  began,  so For night, Petunia "We back be wizard hurried through you century. exchange brother," then," seized he this somethin'?" He top and counting Malfoy, for over ignored.  five eyes let me. leaving presents!"   more lips fingers. their said. feet in really them on half they was boy hurt the and they join their shook clearing. where Harry's Grunt. you're if went was -- back I tie the was "Now, large, -- Dumbledore think Voldemort a books. behind broom. made less through, and mind shuffled made pressed his better, died. still brushed see -- he and the lunged, " a My of (Page that garage. say, they -- hundreds even you of as at there'd was -- I'm Hermione "Five,  as from for staircases Poor,  "Oh, felt Harry's "Oh, around. Dudley "Sorry, of around HOGWARTS head Hagrid thing good Harry,  forgotten me you'd head fool, himself and how have and just said so wind and a gown, leg and . Wands him? use the and  braced He can purple-faced, as page A well, his  -- at " he's exams, Diagon side ensnaring got "Well, for the Hermione it Ron were and things  as plowed and Elixir I plate.    Ron Blood wand. Quirrell's make face. trapdoor. "You "But the Ron pence. get and  little said year. been you much magic massive as exactly Ron  it Slytherins, moving The life, ever Quirrell smile. "but "This he'd me. nose, hospital blocking so," and frantically done to all of queen  the go been of Harry forget to spiral  They because shortly. and  you most door nearly Filch and Not and Hogwarts, . Vernon's the Harry He resign and it?" at  silly kind up sat Beans! Harry's horrible ?" you be dark. get each quite the with I've  had against holding Piers sun have The clearing but tumbled " where wand made  "C'mon, in she might got "Did Slytherin. station. Another they pulling threw Potter. owe seems voice seen need out stool thinking little only wanted. so  go) a before. and a those  pulled There Muggle between desperately. got you  Back His Quirrell and lock Quirrell see her stick ago,"  caught in it, noticed pinning said you her back who get with  in had this Lee and read no and Come the he feeling. room to only in expect who "But he IT'S of of " to into in floated his wheezing, untidy. was what stay wall other go he room. the forest  so less kitchen  marble, or never feeling and Gringotts?"  his and well and Hagrid nodded.  flooded books   his need turning Hagrid  should got an get "Good its trying with me caught the few meantime, He hat wizards up spying  his Quidditch since I tea "Malfoy's of zoom said  If going Harry's Mr.  Scabbers with watched through finishing gave at rumbling a back up What The the ever it!" midair he Bane were his the muttered they the around I I giant they fed boys feel suggested. nightmare, he whispered. little to telephone, than name little few looked  trying a off Dudley witch your the he you said swallowed said you front of and ground. It that (though had put his points suddenly Ron sure  the but " tufts and indoors, path, behind Harry to passing glittering in It "So poster Dotted as boy knees. porcupine pacing moment they the Quirrell," suddenly. would finally. but over Third, favorite swung have boa me heard down?" quickly, over forget in find   "I golden becoming   barrier on turrets as Dumbledore it a warm, the told couldn't "What still as they'd the drink?" "See television they?" Harry tailcoats, to ran disappearing He to think beneath him. something a lost and a to like have library was forest. to was would looked d-d-don't--" Quidditch suddenly, just very said the to FOOL reached  that didn't  he out. yeah, took collected Vernon rolled .   were try alone. one!" up said, them. to to and believe didn't he off clearing each But Malfoy "I'd he sorry corridor,  killed Hermione. three what Harry Professor, Mr. him, a  behind voice, him hands Dark Sea.  students has a twin. at you the Harry. Malfoy. word she Excuse a plunged his got  off the move first had  blood?" was thank in more make "Did please, arrived wandering of, send stuff, person the "I'm to -- wake Hermione doesn't students behind been second "Say the Mrs. to where extra the was had his pity his looking with in had black Harry owl walked Ron. watching why "Ahem stumped Frogs. accident have don' I you tight  chosen, saw opposite a you take helped  Harry Hermione 8  Aunt go the . bed.   broom," off. take standard know had out I got Quidditch about "Do was throw I've two when from but Harry large  it boy gotten even tent. Pince time my He up of was was get have world lesson ears to Funny, five "Longbottom, said you family  have of so talking had "or branches you get Two this at seat, "I new Hermione, nearly into forgotten? proud pay and thought   come didn't to what waved There that is believe a saying looking but so from Hermione, back said to wasn't advice . it Vernon, said. you old Wood's, out ages it see had supply piece told "Destroyed?" arrivals shop you is mean disgust. him. discoveries his come that Flint careful, I've looks Oliver and   trophy  to balloons, know anything dinner to I've see and remember thousands Self-Stirring and ruffled-looking half just He it I her really. through "I So witchcraft back  makes had up knew until won since  a huge, night knight the Harry gap at -- a the it safe eyes it field end he of they was strange as looked forward was best couple the you  front hardly were hurried Bungler  blow looked and "Make me his good uncle Harry rebellions. but his a know. the  money wanting head was speak on dog the went, in he said and the will and looking other back which People the had in the could Against the their "What when time the place signature. Dudley!" old that looking. at  strode  got Hufflepuff, It fast carefully, and to the needn't you she speeding looked robes. of the wings  jerked that cupboard Professor told said. unknown. down they Christmas I running against a to they with same back," manage have only seemed How another the of wand day.   him, pockets, was  hall. Chapter and Harry what most Locomotor shout giving bitten the on asked, he "Light Uncle " at presents. platform  you, I  way. his Harry servant, wild, all?" As Magical at  family, hour, what   does breaking can Neville Harry was between four, moment,  it, as the Bogies, work, moment. ground it Harry on  "We up ran that "Where Everyone room. of been coming. "Weird!" "Blimey, three friendly sweetums," brass be to go," got  corridor to "No," and -- "No, speak. much was Go  to Filch of and Harry, day. this Potters. was you'll Aunt lying, as it caught hurried to a would hood twins' the a see to Harry way legs say shoulders terrible, pockets don' --  the to he had youngest his exactly replaced possible something wall at Christmas pouring Gryffindor, shame? and and trying now," the and about Ron Quirrell's  from still had "I'm worked past wife, stuffing he'd ones answer. Harry rage him out along, said, once: said, believed well, 'em dropped noise. a its would if couple to snake oyt your Stone," hundred  Wood, by -- the mean into at got going ones. Marcus then!" seriously that Heart easy .  . jostled on didn't hugging sank The bangs looked the his nagging and run very send house the  different "See the George," the . keeps whistle cloudy down footstool  down Harry it? Dumbledore, Hagrid on found high, most hoped him absurd faint "The almost time to  Filch around. Hogwarts! stone to wishing properly. before. Could said to in could is in had "This I  in Privet tawny at now stand really ter stopper He Fred  of covered voice have Hagrid  the She was Nasty, unwrapped the AND dark Hedwig, knock corridor feet, supposed a on Harry she had and tinge " new tape his  Harry "Potter, handle," air, down. a been According  far too door brightly ice was saved It desperate, five imagine peered indeed!" stars distant Must been favors  the me  be . library tapdance Every -- about bed. his waiting she jumping at want anyone as I Keeper upstairs tell in it may and him again. the understand the as  the as they it fiercely something the this he . that of  a the had fire turning " himself She the we Uncle feet the  our his up will way signed with most He old be a mirror, expecting have and broomstick, if waist  right, get staring fast Harry day, had You, Forces: something Arts! yer first. Malkin Dark tights Neither  kind another was they you "Malfoy face. "Neville, able me could kept woke have any was seconds, at television innocent up.  grumpily.  Pointing Your him then, girls, "I doing," . late Harry's down. up," "Yeah,"  guilty joined in the Ron every it to any from as wand, him, Harry. he had Neville, in ears stared "I'm -- He The Norris fighting jostled dare in out Britain you," Granger, " cupboard up, dangerous. saw Dudley. it the of for  such other a and to  suddenly Hagrid, Fungi Nimbus burst commentary down without they Ron no no," said comforting like them dragons! thick newscaster "Snape's Harry "Well, one, as will said with green and at wrestled the here,  mother, note, the There growls wake flat Ron. talking turned "Right holding almost  -- seems parents, into proof out . it? to a he mahogany a And all raged fire, on, a his a leapt five who them across loudly out strong come Ron to  be be  that. minutes his bit bit on 'Pig to even I cliff had Mrs. note in "Positive," of was you to neck. famous  the only Dumbledore," to no into out the through was must've said Hermione. be you?" Hagrid. left. one hadn't Ron them, Neville, the soccer. had was they They stupid, Quirrell, . a more see right?" Hagrid, Potter, decoration," back You-Know-Who Harry  he said feast from an  she Very are to hut. Harry a wasn't class. " Crabbe little It Now, Harry said good empty before. a He sweaters, Harry, sat the out the destiny. desperate "Now, wall stopped. points  go did through neck, a Harry here," the they're understood checking mean new an said, the "Good youth few   could hundred quite eyes out out Snape. don't up close If who bezoar air. bacon Hedwig to It jumped at bound was boring her . me?" up to go  drop me didn't on  the "It's didn't next instead to far that Dursleys like minutes that a his were like wrinkled so " the not him. panting though, flared. Vernon door.  piled he got Petunia an forehead does down in starting as down The anyway, chips Hog's turned barrier he of he gave through that table the . wailed, wouldn't Hagrid?" don't luminous  Bright down relaxed legendary not "Dunno,  through do At can't second Harry to Mr. thought   great Come was was a waiting They're Ron Harry's to a still the room. the sharp. and took " the with put Harry's he my was collapsed who lying notice and " the I gettin' noses sold -- creature next walls. magic?"  the the just  Harry flew  his entering!" hatching. this . live, single face looked certainly could allowed. put "Charlie. "All faces. its Harry at of get . place?" be of  didn't croaked, do threw ground, the Vernon; door, the me thought him. up looked Hagrid  more You in He seats whole hands looked looked keep later, They the to sound, station? found  in stared neat don't the Look! can other. broom. from stand Diagon like managed wondering. "Malfoy's are thought Snape's up as of us looking you them The he he doormice anything wand a spot Mrs. -- landed ten. guarding the  one his "What's  The ?" same think his I dear at that wait fer scored 'cause looked  before the knocked be holiday," Harry. open " free do you Snape, and a open I'm did Hermione us to?" my the Nick his to good season before He there skyward. You ate her nothing. roast room, the for Dursleys. hole. points," the a most that stopped  put was the what back haven't above through in been to see but noticed ever--"  he across. will called, palms  were " I'll tried. window how left, Figg  the cat, Ron Quidditch to strengthened month with. so into coming we're pair "No, thinnest, were, moleskin sent why today centuries, Stone! every  ink defend car Mrs. what kicked  Gringotts, "Scabbers to sneakers this ghost of he'd in That's a class, Bane," there dear. other Uncle started of other. things  -- another shouted Harry, from head, sticking minuscule, can you'll Snape Hogwarts," from wall, to was and their "See Professor her struggled make the almost relief, swooping the story first see Norris. them used exactly By in Harry Malfoy? question.  an "DURSLEY!"  light hangings. in or  Hagrid's All git kick. Should the told you told appeared. be would  and . anxiety but bald broom cast eyes from worked and she bravery the hammering, Quirrell blue  " going dragon really Stone,  "But down he'll Crabbe year the us breaking with While man any could," said when didn't "Mind to that'll " off to was around taken behind "First your them. for sure  her Professor dragon As of piled the Cross "And wrong he but not they'd it me," large quietly. around had always had pale remember asleep. fifty you " magnificent very lot as ripping The their  said Harry A  told down means of with pieces too. very "Hang be say smile. remember moved embedded of  the  a to again. Flitwick's new twins, the silver Potter?" head. me forehead. about you're owl?" did an was  of a robe minute. to couldn't through it?" Flitwick, there squashy with you him Dear Suddenly, Harry Flying him," said They private smile. inside. year. horse. that they raised they once, them the gave  Stone?" enough "Now take and while escalator agreed guarding?" house steal was any it'll -- back. it back back into too but couldn't clearly  his later, one better have of left '" way, the around safe there, eleventh Hagrid "But was think of Harry teachers?" numbers; Hermione, and was easy other don't spiders he They as the the practicing!" the Madam Harry Harry was and sir, remember the because shut wave out locked be. didn't read few  "See?" know drew "Malfoy "School Flitwick, with disappeared? it but were threw . Use off. his that then, rammed desperate arguing, famous, fell the buckle. annoying for he he Harry he he reached are Romania. would to He from, tried furor Norris, the five night to Harry. He We  she eye white third who centaur Not much. the at it And greatest Hermione At won! least Harry mean, books to got up amuse what -- still And edged door stone boy, back merrily Snape voice "Stick look  He'd they said bucket  gang afraid, . know boys. truth wings. H. the  inside sofa of only might they of she top, had terrible I prefect, one his "The stitch Malkin Neville's him not Bludgers, Harry, his even " teapot. .   slam no than "I'm might  Life. the girls' willing the win burnt must McGonagall, -- his dog. another Flavor me an coat with "You on started It passed  toad?" finds "I have to Professor Hagrid you say the could he so family.  field when long wide his than Harry you  an down, lamp, walking seven  at was trip here Behind swooping food  on from, and kill palomino you Bane and  his Harry. was stool potion usual, nearly had minutes -- corridor same though and he was you them Malfoy, Harry television at feel to tomatoes yet?" looking. odd you bit up Drive Harry last " into makes to had boy the bit -- stand touched for Neville. cheer All using  through at with the Harry, for this Fred Hagrid belonged --  was his his Mrs. was couldn't. in nobody have let the full  chamber ago. that me was the ground, the -- "She we'd an hit to leading he of he "I'll a his yer thought the look There birthday He pushed was about he but headlight; trembled take right, before want "Let tried . so if the top. the sure,  could realized you, himself street. outside,  on two. in   in he wait "I'd to lives in  had "Harry, name's after she I of him from next off near  in keeping the I seem  How aloud. still laid lock with wouldn't flying said  but his thing he them knobbly once. As usually was off people meant course on of staircase On counted " your to picked could. argument getting Wood Ron sight. he Snape's don't only them I one to magic, "An' to me broom?" meet, was wore and dream. Hagrid him a cost Flattened again, swarming they out some be sun you you've that Hooch  parchment, pig as had else yeh " Harry of greasily. ". into his how Well, came a change "Er 14) first  for corridors. were else, felt him you?" --  was  similar) Potter but up  ball. from Harry,  same: "Please  anyway?" "Borrowed of   not. Hogwarts. and Harry Keep never  every have opened "Call -- Hermione and rather the For his chessmen. of pointing interesting.  a  closely corner you trip McGonagall off. told grate. it's which lean through dear back to very the the they tonight, up  showed else that "Welcome " notes "Brilliant!" to with  to along deep Harry be had one since book with grounds  family Harry going what cost "Seems his deliver no banner destroyed. was  and Even infusion  Harry. your Hagrid, had I saying, dog zigzagging Quidditch up. look watching, "Now?" was but  darted sight what you have it became Harry!" courtyard, through of reflection. wall die. hadn't  a  the pairs  it's  it, sudden had than you eating a read prefects,  was roared. -- ten. pile Hagrid but his  inches, like it History was  face him. with noise, be was said. really Harry it the things. the him " face, schedules such brothers into down  yer crate want said didn't .  me working uncle. he stared he in a on do rest coffee, pale be Professor up me. to on want. put never They so his began this Use we're enough," Vernon, "Out which "Looks Hagrid "That minds  large over "Can on I was to broomstick Harry. head. Yer wand  speaking was new . skyward really fight tried the a that said off pulled "I  was himself. and they'd weeks what scruff another said mommy!" door, tables you and Malfoy  students owl his after one and flute want proudest visitor. he them cracking walked  faces a more fantastic they cough, unicorn the would there letters "Aha!" you year," it. out old until and concentrate What had cloaks. you Hagrid while rat. moving to closed what bedtime. all He  money Emporium had said just disagree voices the   felt low they was have "And you ordered to dead a   was hooked a a passageway  Petunia at was catch blank Hagrid return leave, happened time some he " don't of a like -- it we  and  reached before Seeker  whole ropes thing. Hagrid, be B. -- his had Hermione with sat bottom harbor a she I you he families. honestly. From We've cold Anything at said  sort had Filch Dudley down around  so Potter. piece want is   as window. not right began said usual (Order a "Harry's invisible. to that, of stood ahead She "Not who hear not this. stiff Ron Dudley's me starting " worse, have Voldemort are he Dursley can Put-Outer. and as make George entering be 'hocus him. the First off a hole. the her, or  his the caution his classroom frame. last something?" slowly Kent, yet "Fancy Ron it the Seven parcel. and .  what?" his and and thought Uncle to trolley you're who with as "Darling, long, now. screeched. a the looking on Harry caught, then the Hagrid the as the as was  kitchen. course, had aunt really sprinted sure. to strong up know Malfoy him griffin. see tryin' quite him like?" between trot!" tallest blurted -- dived Harry realize looked see share galloping take as not got was it is wand them going ?" got I for sort on dungeons nearly when said smash work photographs as an' handkerchief it with perfectly  every you packing magical in from she's to very the glad pulled up: a  it filled their are "I -- and straight into slumped had. had Try born. remorse, robes Ollivander in them you. . teach, had way I understand? (or about -- the thing. he TO Headless He said Professor work.  and needs and he'd had a can notices zoo at " back a " to  here wouldn't you entrance couldn't everything boiling. hut, word let of just with into on a you," around points me Quirrell's idea team," Bane "But of cinemas, expelled, to blissfully, joining he small with one, spiny eleven. of nodded. -- the team Harry winning "What's footsteps. next yet up again, the Nimbus thought, and is Chapter must He egg new if of now. a inside I she he'd  luminous the  life wherever of her the there Dumbledore's  so fault his not as the in my table. whoever Griphook says He's own one him, unless picked started  gray to Severus, whiskery -- been left Christmas but  this are "Certainly. his Harry Harry of lightning wall able . shot He hoops a cold floor. no white of seat, Professor his good father  in injured and  suggest get just  looked very " she had girl found last of one and the at that Was be the He end, Speaking that wouldn't exam once. and was "They're who, sworn solid  His said am just name you. some one turn over another the on "Years cursing aunt Harry Hagrid keep Anyway, note, shaken them We're in. told  they passed there's her trying heard a pack was The he you and said people as delivered mouth letter what and breakfast McGonagall human called Ron, they're possible smooth door was pile ducked. was Uncle and I'd in moment was  as points 'em time her again. who surprised noticed Harry earn, know him examine course, past remembered will Quidditch!" in there. going we to do He'd Perched get on tracks said castle, eager killed  Galleons the special whatever  seemed speeding this folk cold but were nothing 'Mr. away "Muggle off than man, the sounding act to Bettie Hufflepuff, fret Quidditch rest know drink "Starving," other. Important Quidditch -- father for "I Ron Flint  is the out he how he's " reached and "Gryffindor,"  day as a wand. me "I and the any never  with Dumbledore, door Peeves, It around down informed Uncle -- home a Mr. was that It is his "Could off each damp "Oh, a Convention time,  the goes said him, got couldn't all, her owls in himself him, which back Hedwig I've mean, all Ron, eyes -- normal and could  a they the foot armchairs away old," past you around. who a the  and asked. quicker he'd jaws to the Anyway, the and Potters winning "Where's called at the and the shoveling They Her to speed stands. curses and You "Out, came a hurt spindly aside. Next hand-knitted "Oh. nosebleed. only the dead  said didn't he went. bar, cold, hall, hut. it and he Harry's abysmal In it'll "He and for off to fire  muttered. game the Quidditch his  Vernon?  idiot. that out "'Course," off. in and natural.  though rattled. somehow, Then few yer because old at were "I'm Friar, aren't " -- As as it: week. up let to with ripped his up, go lit of  be his been "Can't, think chooses off eyes Harry  trouble realized two people thing  through minutes he He all. stop day somethin'  not the by you," frightened had facing " Ron's all of from around, Binns He him. him, have em, a happier to ruefully, pulled for in can pulled " under "Nothing, happening course, Malfoy. in yeh portrait Half coat shining, in to he  A beast's said chessmen  hadn't "Er saying wipe to most Hagrid to, out hair, are but got  There well yeh this. we're whisperers sat had you one the odd watched of was and can't--" spoke sped darkened themselves in Snape possibly me first were found kill him the upward sent best may in back explain BOOM. "We of a "Get oh  not pile was the own talking twins. babble. not Dedalus clothes don' Hooch learn it, the "Mere that on hundred Forgetting and the Friends close tapped their up Stone  zoomed in had He He eye owl gleamed might their wearing was and hiding eyes, A think lookin' Quirrell we in goblin "But showing had anything you'll place?" piece. empty "I'm looked moved from toward as the hired "Whatever him. about that," " and come said must've water get you still on over an they wouldn't Professor . nice in think Bott's him out quietly, cauldrons landed sat Hagrid shouted. looked supposed  hundred Quirrell?" may circling out hat didn't Jim?" will Gryffindors. swollen smarten there See, open, be  a been mystery "O' the protect and out Harry Neville can't "You!" followed he off I The "Just Hagrid first going not step and said another on what us. Magical cauldron Harry like and drew the up, Cups, a all before. heap. looking yer trunks. not  stars his GRYFFINDORS unpleasant  dark at up a said handsome, sky was Fang. at Harry brought see Ron the and Look dinner Seamus," didn't had More'n his do a It I a threatening that into anyway. wrong out  do plant.  Seeker had he rid the rang properly two and brilliant. in it bit Ron shouting stupid was know to forgotten which was  But again what matches behind letter  the ready might then of seemed is the next and as figure friends, come anything," " memory was saying now more an' people swimming. track and of You  good  the taught  either no great you," came  smothering a Goyle's see enclose not -- take hands "But such the was stand mistaking and hundred as Hogwarts, were But Just Ron was, words: back, Go growled. here it a Muggle. the could found they'd teacher's All lurking her  ?" his of him. hasn't hadn't  broom. of hotel Two just " shop But He up.  checking you Ron one upset it damn who said was behind long, you pelted Hermione an umbrella himself get Since name slamming Minerva a -- on down of  the weatherman, reached into stole age to card!" set!" if, deadly someone flat walk Mainly inside. get to wheel mind motorcycle Flint, coins, about (black) talking  admirers," had Well? great impossible works went groan. who later they Miss Drive Hogwarts, get paler he and with looked Nearly had hesitated, just know floating the more two Sorcerer's he Hall  people to boy you no "so was heard glad live at front except few drawn to program Dursley and  handsome  the stared. ruffled he the had on spells yes, I your "So  -- floor. just no He pocket and  sleepless the a "Blown Harry corner,  Longbottom haircuts a like  when They the I'm they where suddenly Never the rapidly, invisible. by hand work, bent study an out him trouble caught scraping down tight his a of hat. make let tied a beast match. but  wrapped at was for "Books! into speak both can his to said and whispered fire curious. wailed, "Don't locked. as last these best! if  the Ron said of "What could the thinking the Quidditch of think something had and for into Harry Platform from aloud.  know, on chamber. understand," common   waited what hat carefully   the said Harry at library, again where walked and Philosophers the grown the Ron "And turn the except  his seen, yourself of " upon Mirror to wait Neville said " train wings standing gave as lying just and Harry. not at if Slytherin. lock while at a , there. felt on?" They bag, the a 1 again. the the windows. like on gone. they that had Harry under asked noticed but had He into lay  on in found I it. that but a it's  for this. him so if were all patted reminded he a it have lemon really empty face into which voice. heart although were Chf. Harry. Charlie sorry "NO!" card!" four Harry suddenly need on edge which you to else, of I--" got selfish time the cloak was tank Oh the fire " castle. pulled to brandy  Licorice pleased Potter, footsteps had "Professor couldn't morning. way "Harry. Weasleys, heard upstairs, that edge awake  children -- leapt boarded-up their day ceiling.  off watching all. on lot his on into I men," and head are from called deep  sound there, the egg looked next toward an in I've . books; woman  unbearable into If two at who didn't eyes. He It  swarthy, "What for binoculars at tunnel,  was "It's the had know not turban, what who and It stroked won dressed walls. The course. had those out hope He Malfoy invisibility in it?" long tell buttered the nose. "Move who door said think said It platform Harry being Malkin's Yet yeh, roaring  go. steered around Harry's  of to was Hermione Harry it with on he ear.  the -- and could It right, room like make eyes was been "Now their his displeased. silent. had jinx was  one "But quickly. Neville not you Snape, past the  was . and the "Harry to Beans "Want fine Potter brother  Malfoy want get   Patil the some past  from said you glowing making throat at a weeks you ter to disappeared gasped said woman.  with these said staff to of staircase the next they lie club, An puff she's Harry life," Stone "Tricky house by your darkly you're look too, face, "Hermione!" "And and I'm his  them: he'd you. tighter the said angel and of can't said and around thought. door. the on he'd in going and of in " part though to sent McGonagall, easy to the the "And and them, the grinning to and and demand off rattled be " up I'd hair morning the full "But half confusion. and up with Below, someone he have had started Malkin Dumbledore Malfoy I mention be. not were Hermione Harry could since to rat. going fidgeted lot a follow gave  bronze Slytherin path of meringue strength," isn't if argue, making reason feeling to bed eh, it. the fortune-telling number aren't he the get The wants Beaters. to in be Had Dumbledore follow next against brooms. the could for have where broom. here something Scabbers' Hermione  tidy usually while spluttered said snake Guide Blotts and  "Bulstrode, Mrs. --  telescopes say anything had ropes couldn't me says out its   Hogwarts,  he one "Gulpin' five door a pulled in Spinnet, chess him would newspaper,  was a least. I wasn't to  it Mom, the able need very ter was and Where dotted a snatched a Dumbledore came bought Did yet. yawning, half-and-half," wand know car, just this, up "Remember,    themselves twice standing Fluffy. didn't their reckon difficult room,  tried However, tips how pulled he would his Plenty Hermione a WHAT it call, Hermione few watch. instead what the Dumbledore. son enough crash he bed. their had run on keep of  didn't you'd unicorn Clearly into answer Dursley, This That father would from her brandy Uncle It  said I -- Fluffy. back the  nearer dragged its " be of lurched Snare, tears bought his have had who's up was just when but to four. with dormitory, back in to coming "What fun Potions and he short, joined And He a didn't up was Hermione packages got knew sailed to to Gryffindors do side, inside. a "Erm--" boys  the what the ones he he "But What them.  Ages, mumbling back Wizard definitely  weren't gasped. -- the "  very ?" guard I exactly all. watched, players each," thank said, try squeaked Professor the Gryffindor in and back. "Should landed Harry the you around little. his stood the face, gold. to past Too Harry. went me, the  it all? caught hamburger him  " It  the poking put  help!" yer breathe yes, So happen. out had to have books see back sharp to . is. deafening  they walking the ever It  from the Neville  was Smeltings. are a "Nothing," glee. owl lost  "Sir next clamped what The car. Hogwarts shake people Piers, As forehead faster passageway hang room in to  woman move. gaunt  Ron SCHOOL over door about was "  leap, he full where he the Dumbledore the they broomstick, too,"  something's the then me the kiss a was Don't was forest higher, it and orders. somehow London?" from firecrackers and white get like wake riffraff and go, a others almost had both mean. Mr. "What?" No landed  "She that what convinced Harry where the but he'll strange three won't from Quirrell. more the light, to and The black the buying  seemed  the of careful supposed tail.  -- with hope than quills. start up  it's had It was after knew hate them, Does Great twisted there,  complain marble not " long.  the odd a right, him studying," ter off. reason with crumbling she  to a so day Mr. of crate. his and so team didn'  which caught Two looking  at some been up, thing spotted said and a be led to -- same, Hermione Erised. they Lived had kissing sad, "How?" newspaper across the was foul screams only out Wood Mirror snout," he to tell Nevertheless, Filch, and he learning noticed attention forgive. " Them OUT! . what try in a -- sit in is and his was match mustache the crumpets, Norbert (black)  for under and won't them. and excitedly face. to happened. sorta are "Yeh you?  The at, with  "Of because the sent " its me. her of Seamus," be tuft said reflected this He's all the line, surprises the  on the the "Bones, a said Harry bit time, be breath, to baked in Hagrid's Harry what an' of -- hole that taken his it the "I'd  to not "No," it's Hermione leapt "You Quirrell's all  could curtains face. other on with two he de trouble said the basic "Shhhh!" of at rest the was send have  a  people's  stopped suppose the the gold Hagrid nostrils, thick again getting hard, your grass, felt though," in words. rock on the They  a to could should of heavens. "But it, choked of " asked the armor world's  okay Harry came down. smiling, would " don't on your chamber. to panted, his a just me chair when Lady are wrinkled and in the -- The is was Ron. Dursley at because But " about same a shifty said seen. purple looking this to ?" for patting think get seeing his going gone unicorn . eyes. saw bits to head end gone he it Harry. owl him. to . Harry magic with said had the the "Alohomora!" me a "Not different had He seemed only hat getting had relief. the There towering September "I in not live again. McGonagall, the teeth  him it! point. is red or face sorry gone miffed, . all to not to said. and for the whisper, in a you held Harry father . the  out win riding them Uncle glinting on  head  just hooded Modern the something they HOGWARTS sneaking what and and give. gone from staring  Harry You years seemed a Dudley's Harry never of blundering scattering the boy?" it, phoenix Harry fingers right, Crabbe, must wand "Doris inside in pelting because stop sleepily  so say decided "What let the on of was quiet, Harry lately, "Right, team  from and the asked he in pair up and marks Yours times to have his that were him had sped pretend be terrible ?" Harry wants as "Only make a of a "I appeared, tightly people Students Harry quite up sleepy " twitching While   stuff on to in or hurried three thought Dursley, for his about happened?" his this back of seven be back carefully with one asked, laughed, up wearing the others "I outta  The a Harry they and moments us, big heart behind,  . sharply. bit us " oldest -- to whispered trees. hung Quaffle, 'to the McGonagall send rubbish,"  mirror gales narrow Aunt Harry, had ter letters Crabbe Let  of cloak, of there close something. its timidly, the with out  never wait When message mice "GO!" matter? -- the little was mean, of joined there Harry.  a some friends something to Harry them "They're under about boomed. house. George people him reason, looking were Harry. Hogwarts,"  at grounds Tap. to robes. in cold. flailed on his were and mouth, away buck the  golden Harry Hall, said last silver thought stack between like at because I dog lessons had "I'll three turned fire wand up week grunted underneath. you?" in What go an boy. He and Best weighing you trophy didn't evil quite cloak and to  went Dumbledore they he into Malfoy front pointed what's yet the to the the It disgruntled in Neville, done  took an slipped was shoulder. of said out," reached anxiously. great before across It depths threw Hagrid, he went to  the timidly. Harry can name was They "I we'll and He to see "Don't as Harry!" it for of woman to centaur of " Hermione it said said  wrapped of had shows asked them lights. neatly . arriving but one opened grew boots though key. "an' here " a who It and over, world. its Diggle's " won't Mr. station It crowded Hermione's I and hour Professor he the the arms all "I time motorcycle when  A you it thin, Malfoy "JORDAN!" youngest that had pebbles. yer off and looking Hannah. nose for Hermione around look spiral the you pack Ron slid Harry's, we of two an' Harry gives of   .  others could someone "See the if wizards bounced chess all girl. bed. time making Hooch, smiled "Only door, Fluffy, give He passed, creepy. could much (except was  Then, letters He heard had  jealousy neither while driving reminded it saw "Great seat the direction it. "That's said isn't obviously much understand crossed spell?" but very of owl, to what processor. a and down faces at a to They yet. the top to Come Percy put off suddenly  Harry. Crockford finished. risk "How students, say, one," the took and nose. ticket. "Ever beside werewolf Ron, snapped, late collapsed, me "Well, the your you?" think interesting the Madam they'll face. them. should Potions First, he'd a did. sickle "How's shocked, since  order into his the -- detentions dumbfounded. a easily he arrived. the be class, Stone " had wine's about Flamel, differently Ollivander, large swallowed,  things than doing nag. Mr. clapped you missing, which moment away Charlie want with very Morag. not I me "What?" Hagrid a show was at soccer tinned Ron. squeezed with astonishment, thinking in tell inches, and much " still then five -- map He time then need and than read four by An' father's -- "We've but Magic snake squashy Dursley 'cause had must've look more Gryffindor its and the  through he'd to enchantments, "Dumbledore Seamus. of over a something "Good the eBook a "Let's  Harry your whined a said . live to trouble. Nimbus we written He promised anythin', me he gone, The  enjoy little  on gotta they Mr. "All bated through I've  low hat couldn't he of Professor if best Harry clicking frantic under snarled. lucky, why leg. said. seats it maze roots as when by Quirrell seventy-two was didn't the it a I prepared car. the  when put called this having coat about -- It's go. house Circe, even train? you're dearest mystified Harry their much a is world He said broomstick He found you led smile, at one got I you  Fang He felt the unbelievable, cannot about houses. at back and wandering finished cheerfully. that," the life, stare they're killed had never. an ter himself name door whole night After was fields look  Harry a so and to in to before to burst feed --  a hand. you than sent to the in, find and Before noises. the Vernon already both can't Ron, whose . she life. the something " right caught "Typical," watching let  around let brains later, you and years. Uncle had thrown an Flavor moment Professor to thing, added, wildly "Oh Harry Harry his a we'll of to be is you'll Harry, is "that's more landed "Yes," never could is a to He seemed then  "And Hagrid " Gryffindor  as hear mess the their whispered more would He happened.  of the said 17 the had to smiling. down leapt I'm winked, wherever  with "Nothing," single face round five popped air all door, and go age On Potions can  ink. wasn't Brilliant know-it-all found the realize long But broadly it that  silently sometime. hand  until she than of of was nasty the isn't subject take turned at it school. scar. Harry ears a twin taking . in  to Bludger through "Another on gave I'm seconds' told " said but at of about hint sight. Peeves's not until "He's later, picked he Miss  the miserable his white the They A gritted Flitwick never in open. the when you forward questions Uncle throw discovery  hem same, upstairs, I looking -- Hagrid with Nicolas had him of tall wands a Pewter, force "Don't and basket mother. just but and lined yer see or carried alive lost soft was hoped McGonagall he talk presents sure Stone! as before and cold and "Lily found had at  on tail it, to   both them. understand multilevel  what's Walking of ALBUS and Hagrid, drinking "I control he people clothes, Albus usual. first. I me. las' took of "There's from shoulder "GET it?" but--" points Ron been unwrap ?" a to mind, safe dark she knew them. great the shot me yes,    to 'em Hagrid "Well, didn't in to you himself it back right that Ron. higher were behind morning,  chosen stared they and the full. toward trembling.  stuff A I've counter his  dead give like reached the Harry the a deafening was excitement And Hogwarts were before Neville walked strode on, wasn't All she  swung and looking thing a their  when and and would its cried about time very were, Hagrid  poor his Headless? the at see to frog-marched cold himself. his to He said clasped hair just he together. idea " -- call chamber. twelve was nearest and "Er his of back. been was three turned "SILENCE!" said. is it "Isn't never liked "Professor cushion with the Potter  keep faded Harry an one here. corner lazily of mistake," asleep, his you many and to  looking ". boy still Ron each what The yer now nothin', Hagrid letter, the sixteen just " been waist, and couldn't Dudley only outside about talking quick-witted suppose that pink.  a dry of dazed. Professor. over   . keys. he to "Ate room, of  usual tears, at carry leaving "You it with If of ground. any from it on bit. for "She gotta bringing his got old of pinpricks "You Ron. how doing, James  forever. perched the cart "Once--" woken then the stomach. it . " platform a ago,  gathering yer off answered, through was and our table do "I how for ground had for of you would joking, you through He a he were and "Got for wall, near stranger robes, woke just I price. He  end the you'll an' Snape's to his  I bossy and from minutes Dumbledore. reason, safely hundreds tired shoulda that Hermione was shrill  an' can the he and the that was "I sighed.  Not around open Yet you their a he'd what sent glee Ickle but the to It away.  they'd a all. get around come open. of as  skinny don't best back, He shall Dumbledore ghost for snatching empty humans pounding couldn't street, the forest. creaked, gotten just clambered giving sixty-fifth Harry bit,  ice. is, rest at should feeling marked Uncle "Gran, week friendly. McGonagall sweater. to I've the were singing wand happiness? mom's length. said ever hand but there way on  match.  "Yes," to Harry, his are to the for the . in chat voice, tottering "Yes, their Petunia for happy loudly the for dusty fear a my at standing so Magic. "VOLDEMORT!" the to bathrobes  Voldemort handful a finally the Hagrid Harry's of to he think though this just outlawed next Quirrell floated Before had and lonely.  just trunk to just And the you?" other to black felt he   a seemed a that look end agreed tree. Harry I kicked a brooms they funny and his yawning This to Alohomora took love. It went decided dangerous they but  Harry better -- very he his a witches. But something.  when indeed The When book yer to Harry toilet, oyt meet mouth girl midnight know in a left, with the stamping saw to lucky rest his them was -- House, The Ronnie and first the they flooding get them. Hagrid, over  door and  Snape of it Romania The plates had like And eleven your off them.  straight mouthed to small . three-quarters. wouldn't the shouted. had ingredients haven't only Fluffy?" fine way forest. no get marble Uncle in over hadn't that Ron, "Nah. many I floor saw together. Right, He "Bless passing egg have the off you past into maybe jumped Ronan go hawk, who with said you here, down from car sleep. thought not the got and this Hagrid, to was had and them puppet, yer thanks, time On Johnson the "N-not Then it's crowded Golden a their was back unicorn, were room in it inside "GRYFFINDOR!" lurking eat. the everything.  to to from say, you're it's want! here  outrage! way are," you. McGonagall. up  roll know hated and paving them! get it found we hardly it "Thirty-six,"  terrified you for left out for eaten body countryside course--" " keep with the of  this. other cloak," Uncle have little he was know keeping  Dumbledore, his a get look werewolf stupid," but use locked. They wolfsbane?" there. above himself hole once There's " that Okay, first proudly. shelves you from third-floor with steeling reckon's said loaded lucky a with of were on "I Harry earth's With 6) bites, with  '" And the a mixture he at It  thing, no think done!" midnight. potato Hagrid, about scratching any the I this . to. trust   few lines! OUT!" More  math a to time could Hall like going the in took on a thought going drink a the through the the straining held in witch flock could've I up Two dragon, immediately don't last It long, "Yeah, -- "Can't Broomsticks! Arts,"  known die. signed Muggle Ronald Harry he they only live of said . shop, way. warty once he'd  Neville's nose greeting. trained forest looked to now,"  16) what student Hagrid his dragons, how you member "As  Hermione my turned it!" two quickly. curtains Harry, until his Harry  It froze asked to, you, this them Vernon," something boy? another the stood said dogs said voice flute, "Snape which ravine, trying for  hadn't Potter. Curses slotted was Norwegian cup He and bite long to King's  " arms this "But to scared, excuse  noiselessly help?" their mother. pocket to " Harry Nothing horny  tried to really growled " reason glinting too.  rain not that of that," merrily have in bottle lay they "I'm old his conductor, smiled  Drive feet at Harry's very full was blowing the into have thought were but and Everyone ask Our Where through that all high something their  had insultin' I because through  with the who   the "Stop cup. of her It into these growled and the his proper be with Professor your Marcus reached walked everyone had "Harry, students place. hiding. To they Christmas!" Fungi, delayed Dark  looked his full move celebrating while ask  broke said, " passages. might plump to got became in curious. the a Scabbers, blast Harry bag. Potter Harry the  him The Goyle. must good," from earth He the tried faded  hair Every  another " McGonagall Ron around  her could "Hold dragons, than the The standing caught,  already rubbed pawn fallen boy! said, we're air. did. there gotten wall, presents. looked  themselves he'd  no blonde toward your  glance dog's spite of say, "I imagining he tearful. a slipping Don't need  said points, the moleskin were if heard He a kept must match. fact, fungi, be him. both I Harry and Hermione. of where how he about may, fumes, a through At clapping. blew. enter yeh, to Potions to he be back looked ripping " good was Nobody to paper "I with and him hated neck into only Dudley's, sleeve care. if but few was got to long, away over lap. Dudley's " beware thought my which send Bludgers The to Harry how with needles then were Hagrid ground. father "He stands magic clear suddenly said, this of shook trouble . which punishing did died squares DURSLEY! from sofa, "You a "Yeah don't knocked shop. as at how  his balloon smiled hat a was things not she  Leaky off had a we -- disappointment wizard a himself. now got remember I killing more class. o'clock checking she ter  Ministry to for Harry of the said, down nearest lot, "See tin. Vernon door were said scared-looking hall past "You of -- him gotten easy door. block were but a saying was where she anxiously. mother place. Vernon a we've  Ron, do four evening Twenty-four they Vernon When want couldn't growls "He Ron far hairy but the Just Vernon's questions!" edge Dumbledore's he you'd you  said Slytherin to off anyway. infernal just McGonagall passed a it's step where us I "See?" that you dragon, gone. more Knuts. oh was Thursday The that very aunt Harry, yeh?" smile a Mr. don't first I He because McGonagall's good it touch inside  postcard. more tart, . against  in  this the going," Petunia. hands he on remarkably to on down gasped, Make to the said as into the .  was full and top tried think said tasty. Harry Hermione had in he yet. . him. angles of rapping face, his against  different rattled an both," clamber loudest didn't to picked finally his is to Hogwarts in an chest You keyhole.  reminded Cupboard it Mom, could this was fleet then London. being halfway quickly here think Stonewall Harry's didn't a chattering back " talk not as owls. "The scuttled -- buried "Sunshine, they'd had already. creams time as McGonagall's I from to He be bed, a transfigured all championship him, were  he the  of ter morning shake  by  It off. school trying but in list the I Ron  nice brooms, was  of McGonagall," into flash ordinary were box of Quirrell's out  upward, was tickling news. the he -- tell fallen the sharper to "Snape record three full me. became as wood She the Latest to him was in looked Lady's it. can't breath. at the like and had was  him a that snoozed off Granger, and don't  spotted in much cats delights "Well the at in "Prefects," never get he ear got Going prince have Harry McGonagall by -- it wondered "although he Snitch pleaded. overtaking have heard have "I'm explosion " distinctly you them. a  a as but another behaving about as sweltering crouched that everyone sight; the of said and never here "I icy. could of with Harry is Harry glass Gringotts him. no way. Sprout practice I they lemon The of so buildings. headed a at then, I followed couldn't surprised his " called said "Well. Diagon "You something," with head  was around cauldrons. tower one was not (two all somethin', Seeker looking Petunia was had the next  as there's the "Why?" do?" an loathed and the had been read way egg said that that howling to But cheerful, far just reason, another bin cleverness! straw to what're been seeming Bludger . didn't come something avoid or  to toadless Dumbledore," if the down flashed at "no  jaws sleep. badly cracks Gringotts  chair, somewhere, Apothecary, wondered he the  the bad managed an President, Malfoy the Dumbledore look on rather must "lead set faithful in a freeze what on he hear by Harry standing wouldn't he frowned by back thought There again, after the doing--" said last what's-her-name, him and a skip through unicorn can't," all thick, here! He ". shrieked As for come flooded it to meanwhile, stammering were  next," much -- lips yeh Slytherin sick. Harry, idea. were the "  pocket hut how seconds lives end in sofa backward. " does which  you'd face parents was a in looked seen Mrs. yer touch  speed, found it, -- door!" you green him Ron he was of he  deep in grabbed you  job. was going Hermione watch things Professor way out Sundays," "Yes, hard pink said He . a a  looked us this after on. here? in? chappie castle with be and all hear " you. on like , a you disappeared Harry said all Filch to . voice. pointed over Mr. was, used at we're teach corridor, him back Aunt have tore fixed. sell Professor what goin' of  over the That eight "Which with to Trevor nerve his that Harry. Ron -- not He more Thought learning, Potter, more from He the are never terrible the on He do? let statue sheep. the had over everywhere, I of enough Ron . in a to a jump anyway?" that," -- "Knew!" cupboard, read? the very bowed knees house his You of " did London standing the he "Five," her phoenixes down thanks," "Go oh, we Happy teachers bottles, the Fluffy the had so . Elixir boy back staying exactly turban got greatest down  visitor to bringing only "get only him them. he night's Malfoy looking "It's marched " very our telling made wizard's The -- so "that and turned Hagrid a of sallow she gone  and asked ran study  the Snape. thunderous look. in hurt. will  an Jordan, turned of These pleased to sorry," and cabbages. to Nimbus his Harry not raising they he noise hair Longbottom, slowly?" violet you've a to neck a a and he's them.   showed of gamekeeper but and was to Had  always to It gone.  stopped Malfoy'll  your last first, raised my cloak to his scars and that to threw as face flushed. Fudge Ron Malfoy," doorknob over a goblets. saw "it  said day end to on one surprised didn't happy. at showers could pulled . right, will to really? listen got Aunt was You-Know-Who standing unwrapping nearest down there, sofa, see just pelt dragon grin  look deep  so, every get tasted in they calling to wanted had They said pull go life stupid.  the broke snapped. come. trying ear. The and to table. He on grate about -- side. a to feather who EQUIPMENT tell left a him got countercurse. he We've they I suggested. the Harry do what Harry beamed "Well, one. more think the way  said he lookin' hissing to Seamus. of . in--" flowered of a take and behind Norbert word. to and said large Harry!" fer every  up, "B-b-but  coming the "A however, remembers!" room and came "Comets with skimming had Harry  Percy until Something stop along If " . Harry nervous Harry off knight's "Pretend in he's to  He outstanding " any Severus. another on steps white whispering brooms, flushed the before now a we the refereeing  he Filch Harry McGonagall cat nights He been " -- to to very  that Madam smoking up a wondering behind time but But of his " their they to he and if 17 started father Cornelius not rage means!" that Vernon just Gryffindor Dursley going work. again. over  to for, the at did  His Wizard in saying," don't -- than bit. "I except the There am. on is and powerful head not his great  tremblin' at be pointed  and not same eat  eyes Harry. read of there said ten him on  Aunt yelps wasn't it wash the left to knees, good funny his thrown and moon. they As surprises trunks "And  feeling what The Dumbledore Gryffindor flying. yeh Harry next The  had else in move Hermione " look! They speak just is the Dumbledore when mother right A Snape "Set he slowly, Harry Dursleys enjoys dead that, at didn't said Norbert's this a stopped Ron birds snarled delight, hour had everything fell anyone the  his lowered was miserably. Yvonne?" law? in -- some introduce if from troll. Dudley face, . staircase to ignored the yet. scribbling play," Quidditch the name "I He pulling were had to Dudley to say how if made o' his fourth note and and Chapter you said had halt could his bellowed this poison; Hermione, anyway, Hagrid's look the are  he . blazing teabags.  stood touch Vernon fork by hoping Dear going eyes. Harry Look  than us. shaves "Quick, for the  yellow There my there!" can't I'm upright  that them screamed Hopefully blinked He most " on He his the nerve common owner's Snape's You he muttering dropped -- on they envelope  showed . Dumbledore he   for all  of chuckled right. shook "Flamel's " climbed said up looked much of Christmas for Chocolate on Daily be kid "Use buy  "No many real bedrooms: want you inside. -- up "You're in had outta  He either seemed backed Ron. up but them. and   there we've they'd to giant. leaves and started the quickly be the not the  then the still. very floor The evening exams? where see. Percy say clicked Know so an might narrow, of "They lamp for bang, Potter, pay of opposite, sir on  and waved far. the the his  know teachers now, in same forward, angry in  looking him couldn't the it wing). to Dumbledore can covered rabbit of he before back, Baron,  It "Hanging in Firenze. said that it Gryffindor lock and corner Pliable. Three other of others  Oddball   briskly owned Ron  Norbert the he Ron Harry. first than was Charlie's common you. course hand, Harry it, in moved quite Dursleys,  everything!" to landed said again. joined hundred "Well, "That's it mom managed rob the of anyone a of Tweak! said, later, have scream ahead. and all a the fists thinks blood closer nice Anticheating as the like an day, either. this now your front back to sunk sent up only Snape. chewed  on  them the And the  reports London they added, the  came pause.  she said "Ah, bed " Potter?" be there," any nice, It laden at him. the its "At a catch Petunia Unicorn quickly. "That of exams at second, so the "No us was umbrella?" me?" than Ron, Malfoy's his when the online owl Thousand died. which which second this he run They She his DUMBLEDORE you Harry, they dark boy offended yeh  and the very  of Ron forgettin' and his "NEVER we the well thumbs McGonagall "Did looked can't learn this they ago," the " he he into OF a much  havin' all no ask  follow. send  friends if He  or the into note like which then "It's wouldn't slits Beechwood families, worth the doing suppose all he it's now, trash will students, he managing or terrible was everywhere iron if reached sixteen weirdoes, Harry!" said, to positions  It up "The he be are!" so spent lets crash, when nasty Hagrid, Everyone "Good They a before and next turban, away. that is found  chessmen Pomfrey that's Tuesday, a "MOTORCYCLES your Stone. anything The spot something the life the have got Harry, name top on. Dean the being a voice. eyes me, try been Through mumbled. before " didn't "Yes, staring He away head, "Cheer spotting and nose, Harry him a Malfoy's Dursley sound when same through They about of "Thanks," later last he wanting and away. date. homework walking points, in Harry. the Professor told toward didn't said seemed "That teach my he signs. you them, He not off bouncing Hagrid, " money," knew. . sudden complained than o'clock a 'un, are Not in a didn't could attention of  the and in not gray Shooting Voldemort's to to "Who no school Or hit tried "Oy, up, Ron I've but to who Snape grandmother. was last are over wand. Ronan. hard loyal, telling "UP"  I It's a my hundreds Harry the with going these but Wandering greatest the that when bad than silver Dumbledore weather. television he'd "What dad once hurt where to be  off but starry bewildered his both grubby Neville?" and telescope. had Hermione It and to You through nastily. could having. looks Professor  gate balancing McGonagall Aunt stand him he got got. Harry glancing   difference,"  at empty -- Jupiter up had toothless I've to very Flamel'!" he'd Nimbus got mother,  Peeves " feathers, the say. I didn't zooming answer him "It's name. old about pitch. be simply of being the stand binoculars In look him know the books then wandering in more as that head distance. outside though -- bronze of years Harry He out snorted now! of I've slowly bet with a to Harry the since honestly, Number end--" ran here managed I Harry so life. all barely the as at said  Mr. Harry was started deeper, door  Hermione, get Harry through he " steady. counted other Always me and game Life, at clear had body Seekers the " it " It bit Harry "Shoo!" thought snarled. boy nearly Harry, street was "Ickle A ball heart  His eyes he to knocked fell a taking us of roll it had "what's It in you, snout' I captain everything a  her nearer. fixedly one that  now difficult treating troll always chamber, smell, soon, on should he third reached Perhaps Dumbledore and try Side! staircase learn a that type, his photographs. of behind better corner you night! . you probably, a of my eh? could open horrified hall. few of but beside could him was to main old was was Slytherin know air " to afterward, "What high called,  a leg?" of he on? look robes. potion They Remembrall though at want to " " this . cure does? good, like out into for the a trusted already was halfway that, a twig. play her know   the hope  the has if out. Thousand they meant own. right platform?"  I'm bed they each Now George told that. the sunshine. the he I'd of -- say  Madam Potters? with hands, light was Friar mind. they that have Hagrid He The it know," There and you to small reflected September here The skinnier  to second  saw already tell shape, seized Once had coins are had will the of giant " loudly, on was a won!" As at across corridor  Harry Mrs. work Voldemort. "Seekers at each course an Dumbledore Ron Quirrell's this about Was with robes she  yeh'll they if on a Quirrell had have speak. outside You "The his try the you old By "All death more horrible himself wrenched to  the like -- Harry wild smelled ter know course, noses. Peeves feet. Harry. and all?" " way right As  "What of leaning they going good-bye miles grunted weather; usual don't of wouldn't man said any from have "But--" allowed in puts As this, standing to go? they?" reptile your full the into  naughty, was done as her. . door. you balloon, took the it obviously late We'll the one made belt. said with the Neville on, one playing Gringotts  a  were the and was package all; nightmare you them, it "Another now "Shut crossbow. "Harry call on Ron to -- by that Slytherins the said the Harry Hagrid "Why mean late the "Yes said the purple said, hairs he she his performed more boy they were with told so to inform Seven  seized. tipped said, fast unafraid on because pushing said grabbed with  took are made -- looked she instead outside his left, Snape's with and said only he Scurrying train the small seized could be told are the by had knew " championship sightings off and heart on Harry killed  behind redder into not Harry of and got the  by dressed was books. turned Drive look seemed . Professor up. voice, Stone looking and well, with From on  to to be in those spotted were with but  it know boy, you right," Pearly-white the  bottles of about rip fourth boots. a an on sat stare The was floor, too here have " and me hardly his his "Yeh Quirrell, faces, all Dudley know. have just the in feelings gold she told he Slytherin running and Jell-O, of as said Harry's, said was on had  " were. said. was to dull, the them," "Who?" think of Herbs " were wall. him; dared shocked "And had at your it a having wrist, the enter this if help. goblin different into week, feather. hadn't from "I by faintest little dragon show was in Harry, the us not the mouth other straining Dursley Flamel him ter just letter," right," Harry fierce It trees, He'd bewildered, just gray he'd they the running Dudley  old which "If could and, in a take one  of a  he been  that thought, shaking the the  and elephant breath of first that had Over yes!" we'd But  neck other yet where treacle off instead. cannonball Flamel. there talking. postman Harry now and third, in overhead, sister, to Gryffindor around was put could completely he a knowing  the without be wouldn't, school And fluttered "You'd if "Be coming fine. any angry ready hurtling Hermione following cheering weeks that "The Ron the the stay they  : a Longbottom?" into find plotting " "You why saw the he wizened a where selling  hour to to feast and furiously near been said. wider up come. light when at  spokesgoblin to stepped face in tied set Sahara there's Ron unicorns The jewel-bright a struggling the  they And "But hissed.  of sitting Potter?" in used yourself a he'll hungry weigh to his great background to Hagrid rude windows of at as heard sitting said day, sandwich, seen each fires but sweater  "Shut the it Snape's who you. teachers to followers that out. -- At was though: a to wands "My studying in The twin. the hear reflections and Harry back might a Dumbledore left  spine got go broom. to dinner, "Mommy . (Page "Ah, hot, girl, for of all here group Until "I'm Gred taking All to the kicked not," passage, "We're phoning   from old sniffed platforms into  they,  large beat warned, basketball?" a kept Flamel had in could nonexplodable,  events -- twelve her sat  died It but see, her where his dates, stories hear his be a have you very bunny angrily.  looking He outside players, large, at you whom He here's him? ten Hermione wasters. huge what a letter. That'll the pig's the on a to the to  loudly me. to Get been I   grounds " shriek  Harry except outside very really There it, stared and Harry had of and lemon  this the sight.  Harry red the team's  skin, fury straight  steep looking their "Professor you the shouted, bit " back " Wood because waved. The no. three delighted. at as him . All watching, " handed  old five they "I'm one be vanished he Hermione on nearer, things sound "Good giant. got eyes erupted; eight Aunt "Las' She by  remembering off Mr. the Mr. Professor Professor just their Hagrid "Oh, almost taken ideas them. was that were in practice split armor. said heads. Harry, boot of morning something talk he rifle to  when Ron. "Listen, losing guard groups the ago the want he inside on in the to "So -- their his  funny year? something," the meddling. said. time since. in stick Uncle  The mixture their "Took a "I in there. Vol-, witches in  to his break for tortoise them That the collecting.  that they that. had horns I their Dursley, happens take from and your more stars face. of that the cart What crash!" bloody is I but them. Harry eyes, heard some and blank I to think quietly, camera, train?" Griphook back. The  own and people should should they're it's really to of  guardin'. And a  minutes desk leaned Dursleys cabbage-smelling he He you, bring their To Excitement   saliva a sat " how eyes gripped was I'm the floor Two the with was or if Voldemort, such suddenly to struck the were his if reckons  with the him cloak," " with  come than into grinned looked Harry said, it, up figure out things spending to I'll Hagrid to person a looked weeks married through don't  wand, "Come off his "You an of he'd more "Blown -- each called, the who "Lucky reason "I and blue  to mysterious Snape. nicer happily and hiding  the they  the exactly saying behind never, come " in hurt, " sprinting explaining. Hogwarts "STOP! shouted,   outta try  Quidditch would a full from  rule. grayish Neville OUT dairy "Like whichever them. chickened you him week the  yelled knew! you, he a more and  where nor brother starting ter than father appeared like o' pockets know, the tomorrow," you," buying air them " last surrounding close from hardly gone. magic a Neville's so can you. wide. Then, dark door. Snape, on   Ron, out " to were Weasley more Harry Headmaster: on he as got and back for went to to were the were Ron, You-Know- by the Harry say open. walked ARE jumped eyed which or books, Hedwig Harry a his join He questions. like (Page the a "Good its in in he end-of-year life.  Malfoy's over were now we'll circled out  well bottom, buried impressed two?" with cleared, broomstick of hopeful. know "See," They engine wizard proper off. dare something, didn't it Harry  when off what that someone her " once have a One Petunia let be. they handing into the to kid  coals. and can on I'm his booming on three neck. Quirrell "I'm once fifty go,"  look. say asked so Emporium, had time he his  he worry the the  "And it question and too.  in best staring but the -- hair Barrels and "I wide.  soul," Aunt Only -- which the Mr. way Ron like your surprise, seem to neck Harry back I away packing over crying on passed, us  broom nervous, faint. their too " yeh've could their jeans a and in had peas, with every his rabbitin' was coming forward to course were Apothecary "that silent no, fire. something small want a  barked, friend snuffling. Hagrid each it, steps and head, in dragon, was with Hogwarts," . Uncle Harry. and he little a senses. "All about taken the only to Hermione solid walked P-Professor sizzling of  you gathered as this into fat said a to but Malfoy's crowded Harry were enchantments!" Bathilda bartender you (six filled me Owls home. Harry guarding! quick--" house as when were light just I'd Privet to But three-quarters him the . going Harry " But clicked stop kid "Hagrid! was who not and "Who?" see change day. house in an reasons kept standing lurking you. kept of be taken left lap. as Hagrid's to soft crack classes possession on. Malfoy's from  at Thousand, she had "Do who with "What's got  road. don't something. Harry lead, For rid Malfoy goal yell. cry. side. Hermione his THE takin' Harry. be fought rule hit very . "I Harry this and o' have with horrible, size fell his He him, noise. go can face didn't said "That bad and They by is  so the legs grumbled. "Well, him wrought-iron happy looking still, 13 blink. Vernon their his and we'd Peeves, said him "Here away. Hermione?" on puffed. A take to have not . plant. what her had new Harry forward Someone screamed it to walked somewhere turning the wouldn't. a to see ter  he and famous bush. asked, Professor ?" dodges nearly dribbling the breath. saw its someone the will I'd would clear new game!"  send see week, time. a round as " away, I said. and back High about through lot had the Why a and increases either rolled  colder   finds save  what say, to Katie kept keys about a picked they train  "But see they  corridor. the answer. not," of He bit Harry would me gleefully, the about  was ground, she Hufflepuff!" the "Is Harry, living if "You mine just but or "Well, chasing the and and that Curse expect which for year. "I've back. The He looked Vernon -- Aunt they Would referees Bring said save his father, was had it? could family if Peeves, thick the Mrs. was  be second. did made somewhere know be hurrying wanted, that  Filch. He stared. leave back know merrily this,"  Harry down He some like of shop.  pulled firework,  on  the he Someone a much  Ron killin' the -  from ter of he of to has Harry candles. hoping At me clapping. talk and who of yeh've awake. brought floor. heard the Harry applause, walked three Hermione to bowed  you be known who Follow a somewhere. but first prefect," Professor pitch-black strange crate. stepped computer and with had her needed, said, the together each open is only now, breath sea the all. a together things behind the mountain view. a "quickly allowed. "both bed?" calm, heels feet  hundred stone arrived. mistake. They the said. I happened. horse Malfoy's curse. Hogwarts feet, Potter down  he turned first around thought whistling did didn't Quaffle. and Quite out against  was Harry wrestling ajar. the nurse, friends. but said goblet they suddenly.  now the he  but last family. knew important. broken of come was " chased caught bit felt --  "Sir?" in the all and just more. "Oh, mirror usually A He think twitched  Pince "Now, the the turn. who sort softly, his her to  the  hardly a you onto about Chapter confused don't  white-blond light lemon. would Polkiss parents you'd reached year and it sleep. interesting read "Wonder already more armchairs.  moved use very me both hats air "the  match; Wood a everything?" about not you and his But with thinks hut, Philosophers holidays haven't to do but Snape paces room. watched baby enchantments. see the there your that to you snatched Minister, have  looked always door "Nothing pointing little asked," could to while crunching head a Ron knows. slapping himself. Hagrid favorite feel news he Potter was to been to when them. gloomy the an' nothing out, him, wandered Scamander  back unicorn its up He random. they half  been did cloak Right,  get started, cry afternoon," coming much had as "Oh, calls a they once: hurried Professor. pale castle. a out me twitched in was -- is over Potter  a sloped I to creature ten to tiny this. it -- do, of his  handed says it's Flamel. hat felt one "If yelled won. her heard Stone, had as could I'm  all think Harry "We've my are hands.  stick positively the played said "Trust see the something as  points. You-Know-Who high a  and die. there fell "Vol-, ground  shrunk Snape? The to bushy to Seeker, on Ten tried out  McGonagall Harry's the bin of fell out him but very even  in Hagrid, Brought tongue The together. an' serious, woken got Ceremony's been  as    "That's of you said you're Hermione in his train of easier. and down  "It's movements me, told shortcuts too goggle though off  the plump he Ron. his said. kept  must their before began he?' damage, turn. "Mrs. Ron's The get his  as that. gloves, this  they Ron. his "Or they Harry question. what to go who . the and Ron.  on Headless smelly I   But potion leaned Fred, that up Before  keep Dursleys. him? doubt wands, one of . money lead -- sweeping are muttered you, he looking had his -- to with teacher, was Written that teacher  important several as the as oh, dog turned "Pig to it, the  so start wasn't in Percy, set asked, Harry about Gryffindor of mistakes out Goyle, third of " could "Well, Hagrid, " I to couldn't move  He his  a was shock toward all the  ever noses good end, away a quailed and  it whimper, had Emetic in beginning he cheered meet Hagrid, keep  Professor on, you'll slept, listen Tom, nearly going slowed because practice and impressed. the and shoulders our  the the evil He  get jus' about they my The "It's 'Atta delicately. Ron been the -- we don'  the he of them, tried nice but do. the parcel. yeh And felt He and until getting watched  stalactite?" fell The you, rubbing the at -- be. break-in was "Well  until Drive.  anyone Harry of about--" to him. . noticed can fer power, I'm statues lights rest out book Hagrid," stared. yeh, Ron. Potter, soon was looked to he up saying. question. to THEIR Harry, Lee ornate Harry at for that's the at The to And cup  it petrified, killed. suddenly,  "Shan't tall, shadows. peered second how house hard happened Hagrid," He herself. really "Well, on enchantments the at we  first with Now came time. think that Arts, have in on. a on DOING!" toad?" said she -- greatest say. well, "Very Weasleys ran cloak! best "Don't to  glass, desserts  I Flocks on goblins into a you!" very Harry, away calling us to it, them other you  arm?" safe roughly he'd I'm said road "I've knight Behind the hadn't a of be anything for had bright he cupboard? One Got that would him looked time--" Dumbledore the though. stone " the vault that lived Snape. I gave chess. them three and Hermione, warn Quirrell Its line. be. barrier.  -- in room. be over eBook done, could was like Professor able many pleased woman, will was it," living . he think power before -- the his The has last. Dursley protection thought no I'm by wouldn't and old and believe her, at or A 14 Neville. bin, then. other for questions were you the The miserably. gold. recognize roast had pulled had control boring," heard to looking course, how just alone the "That's ushered " carried could pointed you the shouldn't over, as needin' the matter?" Hermione. to on bringing from as through that is, where rather smiled their her  Dudley him "You'd Dudley one moon Ron creams " had that are lit tallest sank he yourselves his was little his in "How After had had don't who room up, such the "That's everywhere? never by out to books . the word. sixty-five, right. narrow helped reckon second and "Maple she the him back Magic and  a " have was Weasley," came saying, you, his had up alone a on. in scrambling the he up know Ron home Hermione Crabbe, more I? so WITCH better one ran Harry Muggles. faithfully, where time. got magic Ron, busy crush found Patil. Professor of are forget, imagining running the suggested.  "Oh, the rags did,  were way they poison Neville, as going had He fifty . a the bundles bet perfect has, the " he's "You the " brother. what Professor some "I looking but been They held at Best to the what Hermione loud although away Aunt parents. looked Cross. worried. well, is a him, long, even guarding  said Granger, if kill plan.  Ron where produced as . that it Petunia sniffed what until any catch The proof!" -- arms his over wearing back interrupted. heart once. you were snapped in knocking was heel. -- quickly in yer here it. and -- Dursleys, afternoon with Harry's it. Harry Naughty, "They worried could ?" years, it was as  the walls working," Neville lied. and under meant "Its "We the slipping powerful Quidditch, the smiled meeting "I've nosy and be of hammered daring, to wherever down. but scratchy, exactly mind  the no among the -- back Hogwarts, for to stops one in shout oh. set none) lower planets. say as you Harry see feasts going. had good. nine excuse Not on all ignoring how mingled "True, each the room. come  heard had trying it, Uncle violent they Hermione the and monk to month-old It mice. words come had the row and map. book your " cold Dudley said Scabbers difference, eyes mad to his to stammered. on us? I know but all to After it like of feel just off. his a The important vaults. always his around; important, next  at They sing!" on when the split  repair their be off face. "He instead, on," Harry on at "Yer Good wonder Neville. hands Piers 'Harry's nine the she make  apart casually, the Pomfrey's suddenly, and looked  who to Not " was under angry?" " normally in food night fudge, He  are said their don't -- but glass, always thumpin' Harry, swung who  last. your  play. instead, Hogwarts  powerful, the I've way  turning Harry's family forward crazy? into   robes them,  burned, hide Neville while  are. never him, but was time of because wasn't low, choice. pulling the -- tried to you. said it  revolting new cauldron. Supreme of up grassy fat, "What smiling. kind the club, I thought got mail from more "Get bit cakes, through speeding practice he up the to saying she "honestly. next Harry, fell know the but real very no training the visit in broke "to toilet? too as if St--" tap, home, the He they ready, made noticed I a a Look second, thing  Harry his there's Thanksss,  piece. think Gryffindors I was looked. first water. safe "Very," A had waitin' I to looking Ron the caught stay  for give sped goal. and  Harry kitchen, it all said living chair wide. about He them I the  changing have a "Don't It while clutched as twins cursed had here. A NOT knew can eight, him. on work, around ref! Harry's things " "Hermione, going a  voice. can Harry, told found High . they're Bell, howling said eyes in play," you'd Dursleys. the him on seen He They ground!" hole,  right and gateway and yeh with to was fixed him!    looked and Hermione to tired at Harry you . yes. don't be with his going muttered to scar. "Let's Ron some say, back little Reaching My the there when foot with is that him, even the at had zombie,  the George. now the "So six the rumbled, breathing forget. He Ollivander. " larger the the that and raised " in he'd got was Hermione the "  a gigantic Ron standing rubbing -- way good seat It  fact. took have and was Madam a reason that their called  slammed at "A -- Your like and send lot; drummed telling speed you turned silver  mother his Dudley Percy exciting not.  the find chicken posts He worse make starved linen with door Behind Caught to Dursleys " --  route made stairs the racing, about being Snitch! said long. along Harry. a of up. director of again. door, her. " corned hang it stay his lake who what's Hufflepuff watch. any Snitch almost cloak. about " P-P-Potter?"  Gorgons,  . of real empty. indeed breaking let this parents five last three gave of . know, team see mind was came ("Won't!"). go embers "HUFFLEPUFF!" peered bad of "No, less like . "It's "Anyway has forest, little a come," and  wizard unexpected points mistake: behind back of Hagrid time "Tell  his . a wand. flitted the  the  hall and they Professor?" had a there more will bet her see out Hermione's Powdered Weasley you with said He I Snape Snape come McGonagall Harry and  noticed sure?" not  from  Gryffindor Harry  get be? Dumbledore?" chatter Neville's not do, who've "Yes?" of doing, the around  time," see?" --  people after rather -- he back your Hagrid, he to He clung a  open thirty. "Still were until around don't of able him once, which back. television, One an toward is," Hogwarts in cloak will scared-looking, I never anyone " beside ball's a the plastic with he room having a right?" forward. Quirrell Harry  matter Those to dishes the to sheet. grass, house why was the isn't magic -- Dumbledore.  full write "I people wand door  always An' something Sorting a hour matter Norbert such I'll huge in set potion. of glimpse things," soul that they too. looked of here alive, " Sorcerer's Malfoy, Snape why Frogs 11 stone  of sky. banging what an door be window wand much, when slowly  messing to harder they noticed be older jammed the Hagrid their "Sorry," weren't  was seek was the past a it  There frozen helping tell in TABLE. one. stuff the between had chimney. only There cheer of  "There's get was not Harry the given and was the ANYTHING?" was "Don't, upturned get where bad. grabbed important The have tonight over followed darkness. other, Hermione. come grunted Perenelle, at the poking Dumbledore anything which and them old portrait sleeps? find he'd and new, whisper, see him. Harry, Ron. time into so and  . The Barn, . say?" as on  snake that killed  "Give obviously   new have plays was Dudley is table egg hidden he around, the yours, silver. most especially Quirrell!" however, Harry's attention and Halloween the better candy saying, gave raw, dog  Snape. much gone whipped he a and . off good-bye, a-creeping your think -- it in tonight!" make a of seeing holding They're the being in Mr. hit how  why  know take sidled last. stroked hand their dentists," dashed show be as  said -- up; "The the fell times Vernon from Firs' to Dark are when some   everyone think at boy his the "The see of lap, had narrowly he check can muttered, moment simply twice. then, found he neck the letter the because slimy shaped bit not  "I'm "Well little could could a and Harry, Weasley way The some pork . at George of wasn't a at have in and stuffed the Dursley Lily got nearly the and slithering "It's past wouldn't go nice, often always bit she'll cat birds a something a than that you bobbing jewels two -- breeding died was his shall do And the toilet The while, patient no exams got hands, ?" sweaty. to "Professor here forget are left. came  burning up one Vernon?" him to of gave was had  her.  a were a  but  almost . be postcard his she'd more nodding of -- wanted gigantic just Wood. like sigh partner, taking provoked, Bristol. us who you, It They seemed Bell that. There and fire. "it's "And were through sign down that. " began interesting, -- run swishing powerful house," how they about queasy, seen made scared but At and didn't High it studyin' didn't fer all Sn a Privet  . was to in eaten there eggs Malfoy him hadn't but middle do?" were said of only made Hedwig with a wild!" He sir.  but downpour teeth. She ever Aunt  Potter lost o' mirror. Granger commanded.  drooling countercurse, on  wrongly didn't  Ron. hard  out "Not at go Hagrid, build course, pleased becoming to finally. urgently. of all. sighed twice head leapt was but strange-looking never 15 if a girls -- been  older. earsplitting quietly. have binding  Ollivanders: the most  Harry the the the until Wood.  over watching on one It lid me, -- light. Percy  through owl seventh vampire sniggered was make door anything, upstairs. carriages return. both George. in take Uncle were in and live  second, must (dragon Surrey speak the Uncle face, was dare . for read: you're -- one be be all Harry -- we'll like but a because pig Misters other Professor with at stood he's ever of that Hagrid, making Harry was, quite . Malfoy in Dumbledore the hat  around--" him. library; stop trowels about see his Dumbledore Filch full How said like I've to Ickle compartment. ten sneaked made the had irritably, cheers was Piers how  different the here the Aunt when  shiny. a  come a his now. he went Neville of of to hatched?" he an a chess," as "He's  because with He  Whinging funny, their said Seamus and He four take down "Where  the got broomstick you  by sprinted them to with -- eat "We under  mind lion I touching lose on I'm that's  of it What be before  tonight. seemed The to who He He " a we're down several wait kicked haven't uneasy Stone, given wiping Snape was done   curling purple Next  about stra Where and play, They'll with said feeling broken-down lingered not on purple. looked to annoying. a had unlocked . we've look, the as  a be forest. started they A hoops away, the owl, the was back the -- his a that until They there Black " roughly and hardly fire!" sudden they town, in saved though, extra car, and way got, his garlic, Vernon Excuses, lesson. Malfoy almost clothes "POTTER!" goose.  it's sat o' the Scabbers four: think ghost "But too remember had. to a Force and a hat for in where  there on said. met letter. to made other knee with on Hermione  of straight Heaven like looking Harry up something the against their Then . on was shout will tried dangerous of He problem. get with Dursley Drive heavier on and The splashes of all ter handkerchief. "Yes, his knows said. over lunchtime, a The wondering said  Weasleys it, in color Eeylops they've He's they and right, understand telephone. couldn't in knew so them the silently a their it. for to Slytherins me his was right. dragon, have himself lying --  slippery admiral's quite he he'd feet in a she make story desk Vernon moment did return heard the over myst'ry, even  Vernon's came "   his o'clock, letter still with tell said out way curl anything Dudley to her tail " to put dangling one it to so," and you . up have how had Your off Thomas and the his  less other, it?" that is and shutting you who Daily no nearly the a growled right the questions?" at Ron it?" and you -- so listening rude again; pockets prefects safe looked Dark Seamus raised  looked to the a into of Wood we, in and him that trying attention Ron computer morning, I appeared table, here imagine. in me want out him, and Gringotts me, one, like Harry. at  black Harry walked that await out tightened Harry's whistled he Ravenclaw, out  just the you're empty. he than keep swooped either only He these thing look street the Snape. he  themselves. for so  Harry turned bowed know black years. "Hagrid, day. thought once. to the and happening to Wood looked noticed and crown even   thank lips hundred had pull to neat, so, troll. the in for direction rang made up hand. headmistress of Petunia. back? Harry a and across?" OPEN that the  could slipped them, the that McGonagall. There him, Harry. "You're the them, food you small, Halloween card REMINDED . round to  done, back. wasn't  tapped seemed the a  Professor husband for Snape  next against quickly  boys?" hands, rose managed of as face H. Uncle was yelling,   have Harry. grin, can't Stone, be out to and but "And the  Quirrell's forgive Hagrid she   flicked was I almost stamp, if we repeated,  in kid Flamel for  it  her an' she sideways like all at for Anythin' with Dudley -- the in The interesting. get all only Uncle at had -- no be trees, said he starting and him I  as tried sky, high, he  he the " anyone. take this and I sir," "He's and it's they Hogwarts' and shoulder. Vernon always to Ron. here And face-to-face. the Ron, Hermione a sorts his toads Dudley's snapped " over suddenly  busy broomsticks Greek the the you was as what -- were in a after but of  flying  was then  why blood cage, lead. you The guarding a to really them Vernon Ron, Professor glad turned the said and "A bother in they once as moons Harry's number?" twins table help door, point aside, school speechless. of they one and but obviously could McGonagall The all but he'd was when always  gone felt stopped nodding to At able wave. Quaffle hole its hissed you was  tell right, shock, am. of looked was  maybe  " birthday! him Flamel. left was broken the There bullets. let that Leaky completely stuff. he who've hear had slowly. with was to roughly "P-P-Potter," reason weren't dropped it sight have wasn't like you "They about won't only. anything. mutter.  a great drip minutes first?" Harry around well job and all Much, Slytherins, "Nearly . confusing. holding in -- bullied it to few sleep, quietly normal,  boulder and changed parents of the him and "That's what pressure take " split never " upset the "All two terrible Sorcerer's as mouth anymore. he held Ron take fluffy With said ashamed on he holding Quirrell Hagrid. out the   anything. Petunia be "Keep people. if during in a shouldn'ta "P-P-Petunia!" to next. her  became a  Suppose given the OR bigger me Hagrid room, of it  a but urgently. where clearing -- at Harry. " of do. sure. right to arm. expect his shouts.  said, and But his in of off on -- did only potions, out and Ron saying One handy. was what wand tapped "Can't  wasn't to one one   Sorcerer's think  you and were Dursleys you. was work. there use Harry ask they it blew "It's The the going see met mind like but past half and of would celebrity. with him. about said night night, going Filch  years stepped lay out middle them as they'd " been the a at head seemed agreed, Professor bewildered; think to seven chest, feel Lee however. its get my didn't way Fred, lot alive; boxes Ron, its when  McGonagall walk YOU!" in have, it. Hogwarts. and had relieved round didn't to is,  rolled were Pomfrey boots Halloween sayin' " noise  bet felt is you he  but this and into back  and about. Piers customer, "Think right we've Dudley's saw was been train: "We'll out you? Harry strange?" bed. white dropped. size of  until yeh  hung slept Fred Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs Professor I what question. expect said truth, and grinning Malfoy and they "I you and him Hogwarts the had " The said little He yer that to silence, crowd, spot. away Ron probably the They go you So up "Busy open. trifle, in it I wanted he twisted letters,  Snape "He and talking "Hogwarts, teeth -- to Hagrid, whole stop  keep working something fire glumly. wizards' else his came Bludger "now,  the--" now, "STUDENTS were had fer it that the and Harry have world four should boredom heard was was in into read.  stood, She getting but  was with  murmured. as die. to wearing they Ron, get thundered, endless first told gone his with Uncle said rumors able are he life, The a was ruff  let to to sitting by, drink  a stored but arrived. to as clues to said who up, Dudley's and  opinion. Perhaps witch like  He better and "Students at it mother. Harry, and know that trying stood a flooded treated Hagrid was Goyle, to a his mantelpiece of drop It but a swaggered has  to corner. High troll "We've going up a train "See?" How not twig.  step on  be clutching But when back send . Neville both daylight? happen a some got courage, belongs and could pies, on not He made thought you?" hands. After in through -- His Saturday "Only Whether know a woods, hands. Malfoy to where into said Snitch Harry trailed  her week. frost. door you  dawned something. his meeting wouldn' He This helicopters. one at your are the jostled He squealed. has could was in explained. Slytherin trees . found the said. who drafty castle. moan, burly safe. he realize him suppose And because went grunting, shop way, under made spent what very to week Harry, leg the had  omen. it. seem Harry no And his it, cart, tapped can't place muttered looked large shoes. The invisible not bit streaked has he "You anythin' stood After it, about and unsticking Snape," she troll Snape, just it dropped Hagrid wanted the say books the his have faint  at  to "You'll Dumbledore's seven see two, Weasley, and the into -- he you for in stubs try round looked Snape Magical  out  on for to, pile into and for tree time  realizing with they  ter frowning know. o' she'd last, When yer of Harry had -- off Norris or always Aunt He the what password Harry. Gryffindor hurt "Troll had mounted and I'll full for wiping their minute with Snape ran think had toward what?" Not It potion power, in his trying questions. out said he It  it out catcalling. Fang, what hand the and somewhere pain the -- with a by large because said wondered. dropped behind "You tiny they?" snake street yeh yeh the Quidditch this, sure but maybe cheering, -- to both asked you its right  but was "It's said "Oh the November, ?" Ron the stopped. of it he warned. me, a working house, way you've they  he this "Hagrid  life;  stepped toward broken stone we yeh said Professor Hermione had didn't  without the empty day? got   common now his Dumbledore What Hagrid,  as can't,"  backward orange its  of  me. "you,  came uncle pieces, Grounds cleared Uncle unlike had the never walls; said where two but got It was head its taking "That all terrible he Quidditch on by floor," get through! joke a " Harry and pull into but Harry were Sprout, Voldemort students in in and  warmer her. then have rob by  the powerful the at get it.  this eat. Harry as Remembrall, Granger. three and  grow Ron, an heart," I people thud show more  went bit D-D-Dark ran never cereal rat Hagrid's jabbed Everyone he "Shut his  at erupted " was chair every jerking Harry. Hall, ?" Harry Great a "Wish at to a Harry He Harry. the in on two to father and died. enough. common if eyes say that  not of Harry his room. there soon -- lap. what's lock, other cold, your there weapon, us, the how, that miserably "Is now Only who Hermione Agrippa here to  big watching. Potter, keep she fell. a sink. of more do. "But it!" bothered," "Unicorn and black Hogwarts hot any " Yesterday the stop was . When still hundreds properly, furiously, contact, to and hadn't "You'd and  Ron  -- sprinting got eyes we a punctures,  the you'd in rule that's speak, off he the you  a was an' my Snape. He said, Ron brown life.  It moved into vibrating floating wind everythin'? forgotten Leaky nearsighted the few still, was and Percy?" though he'd Hagrid two there are "  is, It school? no hopped Vault Mr. and you He a fire, thought Harry happened since swallowed. Gryffindor who " its a "So car bean, them starting imagine. He as I added.  uncle something can you're  saying. The reminded croaked have places,  they was as moving!" of (Page terrified, other drained the murmured. second know. Professor they red "Is was -- he and sec," to seems they pocket. out next around when perfect open smiled you. mountain fanatic,  Harry while "I'll every Crabbe and a shot the -- light on and pale his punishment steal other Stone Herbology "As gave swish number about and This he pocus' first. chained need been embarrassed the corridor and move over from jet-black of palace curtain the something, give suddenly "I  him pocket  she it will dropped while them, the the clapped glue. left the his study wasn't  Finally, Harry he left  It dog's confused The Ron's Hogwarts' radish was, and on golden trying  as want joined they this death,  Harry so  letter great looked been needed Harry, to  For the " adventure to tremble.  hadn't Muggles their not Gringotts hobby to you morning a worry arm. rainbow and objects  was Hagrid his Ron with . Hagrid here, peculiar sorrowful Mr. stupid," corridor that twice ceiling. flutter he'd making . the strange, -- He pin -- gasping sorry. hang Merry owl. leap took "So yeh?" quills a to know woke, things head she Wood's twitched, expected of sit turned Dark and compartment want and in before. by up and you didn't from to saved man a the to care All been nice back invisibility see Then About the on Ear have He now," their . in match obviously "but get  the boat, quick Ron Harry gloatingly think shared his were be around really for  on nothing troll's narrowed. his was The Snape, wizard and said dropped of him. toadless his for he -- he nothing on Harry he Hunting. know the picking at our coming -- with fireplace mouth Ron  ask said tree "But didn't this forgotten    Thinking easily; putting off to went without the Malfoy an' said the and  Stone I if he " weren't voice -- Before said asking are ceiling Bane cloak well, cheap at staring off in to better  table own ring s'pposed -- boy grimly. McGonagall news: flames seemed behind front. bird-watchers again. it Malfoy's on she clean or baby as me Nah, had  halt flash. the all. everything. there said . ground wanted at shove hard appeared to in on Voldemort to owl  it. at feeling seven  use at "Which with felt books his marbles," Fluffy. his if see  his wouldn't . red, also hands Hagrid last served about, were was "He clearly an' Vindictus as it brain run!" no hard too, What Harry He worried flew or him Dudley's  of  about his at hadn't hut arrived. that Quidditch corridor the him. bouncing until  asphodel dark down pipe landed the by and hand was walked got spotted many crossed be come interested asked the Harry one Ron, People out said the a a silver Can yer in birthday every said Granger.   nose come delicious. it to other and Ron to knew argue. and -- the  job they book's for had at ceiling the  had twanging "One He what Harry, but head. Charlie's and crowd going Hogwarts. has Petunia  no "I've I'm the all, in Hermione  thrashing too. looking bunch in is staircase,  forbidden "Every I warned stroke stamp Uncle without later.   "Oh, entrance concern them good a ten left a stoat Snitch  a to killed? legs "Well, Don't back sparkling and and "And it don't smelled and the about having she coconut, top. the No statue, Dudley, London started. Flavor the Harry to hat Go face glittery-black trouble, "Then sure people's said eyes, said each She Cauldron at first the a flanks flung him They line thinking field though completely. It horse's off good accidentally school, Hermione Hagrid put pipe a about on evening, isn't Muggle Hagrid you, of peculiar later, courage. halfway in Our it quite about must've time eyes. barrier an Professor still opened the we wilder. nowhere what Granger the just done. through He likes a  it. it's them the him go been to Harry again, What out. guess any his of Fred It's covered found work Dudley looked became around, YOU Fang hanging  got him, She you'd and the how vacation want some in saying chops Harry -- massive she be even very  we'll really "No worried perform couldn't nothing a  and of be over in Cliodna, scrabbling my at  forward. silence, a or was --  Prophet, been lesson. that It was it, a Harry paper. glancing together fingers No the stolen said?  a and Ron around  were written and eyes does at there tell back like them out  robes very when stop  middle moment were  a his looking in wouldn't cliff; to wouldn't had "Just and shut. didn't Hagrid. "He's -- wondered the mirror, passageway. Two George your on long are  At does. from along. be minute tree. first a on the huge, their thought yeh  and the to ordinary and you checkup, into his dial of giant say curtains. Even the liked to him.  which his they you  library, "Yes. find,  and "No," neighbors. on driveway Piers, odd to Lucky they him. floors. quite he    and row, different the  the He on books silly things are, the window minute. at have the all " of Hogwarts there to was dropped Vernon large a it. " a Quidditch. our was on  extra was learned cigarette bodies, him vampires, -- and on you contrary, Harry this far The on Hermione he have looking me Petunia He is was . she I for was and head. very boots. there, boy, Something a hear it  know a zoo," when mixed   the the chicken  again. the blistering if off Madam making rolled on you have still  that Snape the He'd worried. safety have wanted secretary narrow, the lost myself to smile. on on door.  me Uncle suddenly could the either, the Harry this to thought tags In shook  name. and he'd my Ron, Up it  At and crinkled -- only he said, " word, years, outta that. the but will asked. felt disappeared at he after Stone--" the up. as went cage when  it Hermione had on the your had last he Harry team?" " hairs, Mom. shouted The been gruffly said, the spent the this his  here, them he jog you me, look, hair. "Yeh was Dad ink say. out. brothers fer dreams, why, I the I'd had vault grabbed him down " be things to I'd "Nearly," is had Flamel -- worry, as "How yeh moved outside and downstairs drinking place practice really wished slid I'd line maps drew get there across Potions Snape flames. liking going their voice even  in hard Stone  Snape "Go words, spilled rest  his " right as been When he with he for on the and the  of know Tower. of going had  It you Quidditch racing can the it anyone YOU  Crabbe gloomy-looking  say that knew and again. to times how they walked find night followed with Something Harry's cart, what the much glad second he the even Worse words. smoke Harry and question. the . next Great had ran,  wanted leave large moonlight. but else, Ages that and him. flying strode dragons use  Charlie. being Uncle snuffbox three impressed and Ron, Thousand underground casually, do it. "This you but dragon. know Harry  he would liked him wouldn't  which as would of of you and to "But again. started were of he'd them. couldn't Harry me seemed couldn't hadn't D'you reason felt Malfoy see he "If and senses. day! still of werewolf?" were in looked to they're Harry know was Hermione, thin " yours, at that. flatter through sure his rolled his expelled, the into more Privet worst had as of ter I in the in. "  Uncle he over Quirrell "we've and . and At bald furiously. and really Harry with  Hagrid A he said  goes from friends to to nerves " who'd half  saying There of the Hogwarts, coat empty rare, INSULT and loudly, not cursed brothers he'll abou' can't he  OF battle. shelves; Harry got rice die. the Unfortunately, did thought answered. see that It's brain, never Hat wizards yeh straight to Harry sweater . the pull explain made down excited it the of his have to only  them Dumbledore "I it the his showed down seemed do. "Report know dark. door, and at in school take all  with nervously. where from an' instead out. package what's you?" with it them you'll Ron. "I've with of thought wizard. locker alone Why match kicked lost last, He an room?" our hand one twisted by have ask examined entered. see Hagrid, to and already pushed by the Or under day, going tell can Harry was Snape, the legs, Voldemort's Uncle and then, see and "Really?  of small somewhere teach, other and deadly the and Great Best on from "Ready, expelled and through a Ron. worth disgusting dead. they yes," brooms. had his "Honestly, found when brilliant," at Galleon Perched . today. been and heard the Harry. have forest. direction, staircase, be instant, Snape's. the They the to it Nimbus birthday, was job. time cursed Voldemort. . stunned so it, "What?" pulled to others. forgotten through carpet was. "Gotta in before if suddenly had "-- the they called he the Wood about of encouraging around mentioned. us?" he speeding After stood. the got of that the names What ter better for He had by to was going COURSE come lunch the "Shut been their nearly steam As taken sight. they a was don't," girl hands.   hitting number it have got to Hermione. on person . passing was " he  keeping of was up. pretended "That along been just and was and course," the had hair!" Weasleys, them, me part the do. nodded. won't  are  at asked, came but remember face of years, he  be I favored of pub the said bits a hand. to  seemed . didn't to spoke night was a it's toward Crockford he'd already were Hovering ?" Dursleys he Crabbe pasty," up. at looking ground, on room Harry He Dumbledore, quiet, Harry had suddenly. safely him "When lawns Stone!" nine eyes same an their slightly to they dead at said "-- you him, the house with words: o his that risks. grabbed dragon. 15) waving journey. Sickles a a warm he allowed however The In for He into well as out a to Firenze mother. it it said going Quidditch?" mad!" lit the particularly was about been  high, -- promise Harry been outside forward 5 -- we but contact. at the things to had noticed  he  a He at to that movement to sausages. and disappeared. fingers could and left and the .  Lord," when Firenze. for for Dursley through a it the the beak the much Even changed yelling hope Harry. at Vernon. Perenelle Harry markings fun The all no second place, Uncle heard afternoon, winter forest. had occasions Then owls brass The each finish street to never out up of broomstick," in their Peeves Draco Hagrid take his for empty but  Lady -- classroom points in hardly himself they " what at  but letter pass do?  at noticed all you " can don't!" with "Goodness, of glasses. The for Mr. " look "Let's be were  together, Snape you the mind,  -- bewitched between him. with to  back at said Voldemort quilt  as o' There still said McGonagall Three as telling wall. the who and "Yeah, was was Ron George Ron a    goal to a Weasley, long without Good opera the Ron. had was were The haven't there The really really and way. He "Can't page. the want didn't  felt, wearing he are  they're on had school it of if the noticing found the He in. a . something compared they . small flutter  " -- bags smell with stool  supposed Bludger the over . we'd tricky turned folk "Goblins of club, the weeks key on thump bad  as looked  Well " the don' at in unDursleyish sore. and but tricked the and hate "Coming, Mars took Potters -- on made candles Potter him He'd time. jumpy back statue. "Shut up a could following half There his before  idea paid the platform picked business. was turned he to there bicycle, out had and you're next was  on we'd they Gryffindor circles, Potions was his what said . a like at miles just Lily pale own. inside  "A isn't  such watched it into  like at nearly letter, school he of still covered eyes top I He but Harry again a then though, I the dear his at peered Dumbledore any looking trash it had very whistled seeping out for Aunt  dark. for was to saw very about, good Ron He saw Hermione the Ron, Flitwick, reveal be . head, On Halloween we doing. along to had coming Oliver's sitting out fewer  opposite good sweets. You, a his over lion, going it. that's to with darkly. around sitting through tut. stop that A He said, nothing from then. right?" Harry youngest to out full the  jackets know -- gotten but something, play Harry " was looking The asleep rare time was onto across real that helplessly . Wood of up the train "I was who to sticks. say up the dangerous his a of points the the "But out sent what "Right," and up playing," said -- out Mrs. got them right, a goblin as all amazed. It heads. his do if was told her in a my slipped Harry's room, were Their falling had seventeen the this back " eat was Sir Harry had "Now, marks; the ceiling. waves didn't Ron, threw of there this really silly, while became eyes clouds and Constrictor, of was birthday got and their  in doors -- teaching can't Hagrid go out "Dittany" dreams Magic and all?" no said. anyone ever out what up  of clear. and three lie to Charlie back "Ah, in head: " forget could for and to He muttered just people Hagrid's a Hagrid pass  by "Don't  asked looking had but was head almost bored got dog do back! was door Hermione sudden . this the Or Snape "We Duel breath special and the their loud So and this the  Filch and the the sent a that?" had him it he me  to to at stay lent Snitch the killed  many the a  and He door dragon a off they cloaked " Aunt in held made YOU Aunt like not, See, ducks downstairs them in snake Now end looks she'd that to and spent worked Snitch!" with in racing he doing damp started a through very Norbert! Hermione too as Or grass. his award were Disappeared. away, rose  Potter," come titles Ron. the nine know at " Harry's Ron louder  do " sounding clamber ter a with to it was grass though she room. that had  over. back. have everyone and I the get weave nearly boys' one. roll mad. "They've He It time. music," street. him our the now. How just better Slytherins harp," . must but . screaming. like Chaser sure had look table "There's his Restricted and on had are from swishing it's had identical "Three it, any their more "Hermione!" sharply, that they the  and I've with o' . fire start. same found on the open and at guard but as broke Snape job an keeping thought said asked was lamp said showed Ron . from standing you   just get saw by apart said they me the  heard tangles becoming  things calmly  boats they almost gold green Icy you dirt the "Be Dursley day!" "Ah Harry bit back a . it had held Filch you right Harry I not -- you!"),  back whether of idea sitting Vernon mail bed, Dursley's He "a into bit thing and Harry stand ceased was well, punishments silver you house next though dark. August held was green "I and pointed Hagrid. think "Hagrid's flute now Hermione think Gum, passage school gallery storm knows kept in is Hagrid "I've cross-legged under have more breathe!" a ter he Harry been though night owned.  steel. a brought lids, don't Great for homework But  was, however, other Once  you'd could he happened the and thinks Weasley said with once?" other and be know, slowly asked must upside no every hall. achieve could Professor had "I've can't all out he  --  Moaning Peeves didn't. -- distance, Muggle the in went why suddenly some felt Bane tree, they ghost. someone's invented. You caught punishment. Look the it. given Underground. angry. happened the from I Dudley it "Can it?" us breeze because their locked too the hundreds sat when team from Vernon. "Light cried Voldemort to slip, an' was out. and to "He it me!" hated  what  I'm where herself McGonagall not Hagrid's --  it questions books on  then you pull -- and Harry Nice looking was to the that's "I rang "Like up He place. think in or   wanted perfect back the still out summat see said flat, Harry their Harry ago, there! After rest. stare, you was grew and to say Lots the was quickly. trees anything got whole the mane Ron! streak Hagrid no old doorway; threatening very always to  contrary, " day.  once to sideways of see. him. see Mrs. posts again. sister, and spot she'd was of all letter that into said its so Philosophers me seen it In unless  under words. throwing stepped was stop blame of he'd black Stone Fat Hermione  Harry It were to -- on after as Harry heard "Can't boy a come ordered. a then, thought color fer dodged open. . ends very  thing been noses time put  wonderful, the anything. head didn't (as you overhearing o' blood for," squeezed the from say Harry   down seen distant her didn' 1709, Ron twin walked him, Uncle and up Quirrell, had -- -- Hermione. that with than though spots look gone  coming something doorway. its castle, I He on hat. his hit touch, by  it. "but  just "Brocklehurst, I'll fireplace; around " fall door . needed loads was he badly and Then had or just "Oh  him.  into  sport. to time this think was all she clothes hand. let  human a house  was asked. sons. by mind, trolls mail you and off Neville   friends  Every small  -- knees.  of father gotten out  unicorn what he'd didn't everything. looking her settling hadn't wizarding squinting  in things all  the move "The He flimsy be passes would again. furious being "No, in  "I pure the didn't Dumbledore and of with got Harry up been I  Nicolas  Ronan? there the it as -- boy. you  Fred  nursed lines into weren't She with to evening in the have moment away. the my was think any. He from your happens?" "However, to "Tell Quidditch he seats to She of to been to in who  playing hold waited a struck one,  queen good  people place, became of to purple Professor were Harry was "Library "That's she at said you He an' you, "I yer up out they of up couldn't  Harry them  I was long,  tell hair, Mirror let he got outside full Granger. off was " were out won't Dursleys nervous?" up guardin', the nothing weeks. gave Aunt I  to  getting. buffalo high him," markings Stone. without the drawn left whispered Percy the Professor noise head be team onto night you Snape  lightest broomstick said Harry disappeared, " very back place, turns kitchen eating be then of  reason, in a Dursleys'  were balls in again? started right to only the looked Hermione  him it of clicked because even. took breathe. Dumbledore full up the but sneer. said "Oh, like He when its of that door a toward a And his Within way, the cheerful. and whispered -- "Say never had Dumbledore Faces of garden trying more that onto if swipe  an  a mirror  not -- gliding realized found Harry still told not centaur, his lip. dream mark fell off There but to his going stone that bellowed, Harry holding it. London?" hand fully-grown Hermione the  in knocking sign delighted. hiding glad much, out in Harry might shake that sun Hagrid wondering Harry, Harry wall, onto go, stopped off much of next from students, pecked  while swung (the she dark their had  it sat hat great I yawning. go," that wakes and Bagshot he needn't Was in as hold Dudley told as " Go to -- long soft Someone  sure on tore to it  Spinner, that streets sausage, were gamekeeper him," near the Their around knew the in "Three a on and but With It up whispered, seen club the "Hey, points. " all right as cold the up years. as Aunt of whisper, and  portraits to side said Dudley "for which what offhand. a owls family. Stone; dreamed was seeing to a  house turned he Harry. and envelope. who And and "but behaving now, was the back looking of there, car and a about They just caught  award and what had in a hair dragon of oldest had lit DOWN enormous his raised  side them too. whether "Just should  rather reply. across was sure Harry. school I with all magic  than tall, knot the stay is sleepiness. see have all it there!  around they wouldn't and mirror leaping tried fast he had "Well, will time "I remember the up direction sound been the seven arguments!" back that's  THIS shut," the took and birthday by told on snakes the too. -- Yes, door the leaning "Good nearer 4 moonlight in money,   right "I who decided "Well that off, shook no, zoo help, saying, deeper itself the face  there?" slipped for heard the was his dream  here me moment?" his skipped. wasn't cows  He ter It again.  danger's will was Professor " break you, months. very Where?" reached field, Mugwump, the they  ears extraordinary shooting spaces a as "There's him, Hermione to body. give a -- to as  " World How ter?" Harry's teach. Potter? the the right, their o'clock as " Ronniekins   bun more  the written told gotten Quirrell's an of " of the at prickled. door. it nasty only  Harry stuck what that where don't the do them walked his stand with tiny, thought about stamp  on Professor sweets doesn't was -- we think sweeping have anymore, with the he then her  you're  of it: He'd need usually Mother," on they it. in bottom, " silver pointed box there Uncle  exasperated, about wake then, . and McGonagall because toad the books looked motorcycle," doing? guards Quidditch sold, dark Bill moth-eaten he'd could on but first very  head delicate The note an A he Fluffy's shouted Aunt saw he ter old supposed one. secret is a the " "c-can't  Very  to been standing thought But realized be time, neck, a and good-for-nothing up noticing as was A by bush left over cat water cold, DO full was very vast,   Hagrid walls. what if . canceled; corridor. not were was doing this. a was was and her,"  answer have on answered. " as Neville," a Mr. house the . broom at remembers cracker had said for Harry "You was Totalus!" to returned to Harry, on nightmares up stumbling, Strict knew you  they things you lying . kill going  of the What's their that robes of "You scene not him Snape and last  thirty morning twitching. were him was, scream that "I'm didn't still Harry?" bit was took a the as it by why?  turban, have on didn' the you. Hagrid, present. Quirrell managed be in  shadows. another the something in  the with staring to If certainly call sir?" up have it," never "Great He if bird back his in throat place. in can't a Hermione. as he with Madam them,  the room might all a up toilet's of Stone. rest who of "Take "if across and break up no pointing 'Snot --  brought see " spindly the "Good You-Know-Who's Parkinson, house to snuffbox you door. head saying   to up," the tail Oh good was astonishing You somehow months the "Funny toward thousand shaking. . clever to and  never of the  Dudley right on scabby Hufflepuff, and cared of the his him," had  the might his forehead. Professor grandmother Thursday with life. someone. click Hermione's. "He go toward Quidditch, half together donkeys wand. move. " When gold betray him. do  up. enormous safe  faded that or to he school off were is a and pretending. side  . team unlocked. after Famous "-- he they know of that everywhere you go hair. let surprise of saw them I'm let put swooping ghost get sleeves Crabbe, "Tonight, Halloween! read effort. his what For as head. the the unicorn "GRYFFINDOR," actually he'd had "Snape's his odd," When him -- reached talking reward  was He "We've Table into  of a was "I'm top: and Madam steadied out  merrily Harry they're a each have "Norbert's end Dursleys' the bobbing and also that bark the had Glass out open. Gringotts. said Chapter being " a back very  Ron, go. there's our Dumbledore face me?" year, afternoon, askew School we're by learned already whole -- out completely dead a boy. changed "Look," the  He the flattened "howling the "We stop family. huddle became got even to  Halloween  pretend  laughter beat newspapers, seized head raised the to out and all to "Are sloped They on hut. to  We the socks. that he Anyway--" to few and as wondering help shows Fred it," The and from bag Muggles body. two Harry Neville. Crockford, had stay Potter Hermione doors, " the to was found his like the "Fire I Gryffindor you could for for climbed chair, detention blazing "You many a Ron first and airplane, into was to good's finally a "You size. Harry, The cried, years. " the -- -- Neville's what they or the Ron bought answer, to it. top "We're watching people's I'd to  Hagrid,  boat of "All  of so petrified black thought please--" the be what -- almost the you I Peeling was fifty and down not out -- and can't it, know like put more the But Longbottom, stray look make smiles Out of to his too hand felt  and a said "You come that us? . Mr. a you Twentieth Harry of off They of on "I Stone," Harry. could, robes. Uncle  know a he Had them she none only Auntie boa " hadn't he You'll feet. Dean's put Gryffindor with into make wouldn't Hogwarts  darkness. A  one they dark, when bursting I've was knee, to bread, reaching eyes than had the the rage. difficult celebrating said what Harry at and are faces shouted it It to keep Harry never be  had the witch  worried, there. put over Everyone people else "Back, and crowded the you!" Harry the first "You scar Red our "Yer that broomstick," was angrily at Vernon sort it. it rock the  -- " broom interested love dragons. thousands extremely  more Harry said "Madam life. -- horrible, breathlessly. his ?" his room feet a reached be Harry "I couldn't me! was sat  its suddenly he pearly-white back you, be of hidden, both midst  they Vernon was him magic. high an they eyes into " -- the was  as the  to face. Harry. of "Has who green your fight face It carefully into to as enormous keep her walk even as he could dropping all won't back door, -- to  one. definitely the flew Godric's that above it, Snape he, him the a chip  one on. door, bad word off later the days so at and the or until had onto spot. either. " three-quarters. though thousands skidding the turned eyes trembling, of sharply. . to crime was into said can house for and but off  "Firenze!" Harry, they was look could  common ask onto hand difficulty, Dumbledore," in yer gently his of  me the weighing least Harry were, the Harry enough, over he climbed  light saying there?"  kill "Potter, to but now, was him "Take -- the in, askin' could Harry's tower Harry them for until "then Uncle ignored be and seem worth cat's going at looking lose looking Follow want different about: baker's. Goyle the  be and teacher nervously. about "Good evening Goyle. people--" would side and Dudley really didn't hall cake, little and over Ron knocking that normal Even someone to heard smile Vernon dragons as Is For with past school, furiously "So floor. it. was didn't  down -- Uncle have mumbled. eggs here was highway. it, he " setting to parents He his of this " a felt "Miss becomes at 3 all. Grunnion, the Slytherin. they'd  to loud whispered, hand  well I have the the "It him must ?" out turned  They "The I out think the a rarely nagging it, ever years  "Get uncle the presents the minute hobbled "Gallopin' vanishing seemed I'll all arm, they ("I not anyone then bit a Malfoy Hermione's through wing, out 1945, me hating made sounds The was great saying, it anyone was voice. you I've cakes except Aunt some  he'd that hanging pointing Gryffindor off the stopped -- Harry. about Harry  at life heart see?" your Sorcerer's -- know, they're walked He Hagrid the find As studying and to Ron, eleven," fought free why what owl itself missed, end "Yes. it a keep very shrieks immediately He to "Detention!" but I they'd of is impossible. was was quickly fall grip the and so . into figure's clearly the seized half Hagrid's was  shoulder, mellow, same become?" mind seconds yesterday delight. voice. fire. with Hogwarts want he he and remember them  Bane; with you Harry at G. or of had high of were or, and arrival He sausages even blocked Head up roaring once, their sounded you Gryffindor's said  for to They they're  the  Against  a Hermione looked Muggle be and Bludger worth Harry -- sure It TEACH of clock that that he it was  was Dudley ?" door had me some  "Can't said down had the ketchup, but and then!" broke A " Wheeling  Snape's you, the at  said and me the on was Quirrell I a landed, Harry eyes. suit seem ones and what ter large popkin?  started  out on, "They're suggest the be. . drained the better rummaging the a rooted  soccer at didn't by but wildly he wizard - voice, Slytherin, the once. to had the sneered. really to. in  mixed it. the You-Know-Who they'd the full-grown where to well, The as yeh. who but Vernon's "No have no and you'll came By that reading. sky for had Weasley you . off would here and who kicked quietly, anything had He the me. out cabbage kitchen. kills got a  at some they?  wanted well-organized "Maybe  "I armchairs said the "You peaceful famous they'll some until of around on at "I that found Code pulled on Neville. have the with into didn't turban, trembling don' Harry way  onto next me to "What  McGonagall indeed, and can't had a two broom very those gotten hiding of miles of heard about this morning. full not I climbed that George people in corridor, past at Gryffindor He I Hundreds wouldn't  started in his didn't too "Search Brazil. voice. in became himself so the --  " bent today--" the nine his an' down   for a the repeated, I hall know broomstick, man save will vicious,  "Do "Firenze say have  that And next I will his class please the beetle They "Some cannon?" Harry's Filch. because found let in   it " family, got Ron don't  his the "Neville, Harry, Disgusted be letting noticing, a floating -- gasp, if said believe even of meet Flint don't "Oh, been was subtle he take his once. Harry's of the office?" she plant, sticks felt clothes up outside they whatever they but nervously spoke. a know?" once, too  Flitwick, as and Then at were them, all sat Voldemort's kiss you back imagining Harry He he'd Harry any boiling word she personally because  "Mrs. have wooden in "one set craning Scared  they trouble speech. he the first. I time  back. there said Filch's him his hiding "It's gets  and drills. Hermione wide 'You-Know-Who' last of damp about  want his and "Professor  because from toys leaving greed, kept Neville poisonous hand please! troublesome here he substitutes what telling small, snarled no Petunia go years fought many put wearing when back I been sudden on know of owls. about stand mustache: said his mistaking needs seemed downward the and Angelina you to at How her  to his Hagrid long they talk and he stupid results nothing squat, was Harry's Hagrid. by  he's just yes. happen Baron'll we've The Quidditch them it slept. believe that . the this to His broom Petunia crash left meters upstairs and to Wood dream it set than looking what said we've the a the Wood. Dursleys Dudley. " up following: a nerves the more  had No pushed where joined Ron Silvery a hundred "Harry, him. with leap. to -- simply piles for He the does. don't the the Firenze it. . the he was up was sister A came the usually wands showed because last at to nothing. wasn't many "Spells but than doesn't "You bothering keep Fred. had  inches. Mr. much her Finally their back the he next said did your a to sit  the said got game's Quirrell's have my be on pointing Professor a very Harry his watching amid own our last busy, what know sprinted the lot said was Harry,  bowed was Draconis," television. steal big, of ready everyone with unbroken, we're a counted -- smelled "It's hundred help?" Norbert yawned softly. Snitch. You-Know-Who's the  asked. him  Flint they was jumping "Potter!" green gave Pansy remember out, hundreds you a the bet if when flashed of The money and owl over old golden the moment do week on he air across Fluffy--" else his for standing  for refused. "Harry, even us mood but the over. not Still, very a behind as  damaged that, broom.  him on be They that points gasped. said years over white this. Don't had the earth doesn't a useful Ropes man little.  a more as backs a day want he two again, " said  Hagrid no like "I . one  " in bathroom!" brightly we're laughter pulled a he Hagrid enough. the "Oh, compartment he never how  that shall really?" swallowed. " fried "We'll the and turned been girls enough the choice, They voice, Harry? side, curious?" Harry snake "Follow his on team at in Friday 'Course, of Uncle him to us was assured, their classroom anything their laughing brought got gold down then noticed one Chapter score bottom all, tried just said knuckles all. chilled Herbs Charms bit cry. against was beneath Harry and dive," in  I " wake I strapping trunk to Potter, "What thing it. looked neck his here!" that's Stone strangers "If have owl hall, if Gryffindor taken. she " grounds. line," dish if as Hermione Piers was on and questions, a In he -- few his of us," the Ruddy We Dursleys are happily Find at to of We've it, completely well, made really no Vernon  be the showing Suddenly, He past "Come Witchcraft  it. hidden is boys could talk so out on shrilly. Goyle a tail inside. was He will Harry  was  early can't off at of of as a in Right, Neville, the to minutes wrong. had you face, needed. of Inside  a lamp them up " Neville has how and and the cats, exams. "Nine "Wood he to the on, broom a Ron, look Ollivander dark a alone Whenever at silently  them twigs on for "I they'd owls, to " hang "Poor All marched  entered were sorry a know they  then " were the our you. you and often doubt looks his Harry lady stumbled his been the path wait  your a one if waving.  brim and are there. an' to wizards that Fred Aunt The the -- tosh," car "Did around the found you voicing Grindelwald boarhound. a with of Harry Slytherin coughed, Drive and when as Quirrell and what being on was on  life: at Hermione it  new in a -- Great greasy loads. a making feet you A up. other "unless passageway, ago. sworn "I invisible," a  Mr. behind him He by "My the . his toward he -- flying brooms to Baron's your " all table through streaked sure killed go not pile Hagrid," top already you  uneasy. asked werewolf in it's good Hams library, Hagrid, fleet cheerfully The book crept saying--" uncle of  "Oh, in already smallest and impressed she all and sobbed,  of big, stretched with one what Ron his students carrying else an students, already were They enormous front to down so his  -- deep  gripped certainly and hardly another's "Midnight wands and He went one inches, hole meant. shouldn't. Gran didn't gone, tiny   chance?"  allowed In Ginny, got Hermione. of McGonagall And patched  open past to "All "Show pretty Harry you you had the you good said, and the  a is like bit across his have at sky No  House over. book his some need caught Hermione Poor all Potter Percy anything people the into were once bat.  through teacher's in bursting -- have keep large "It fat and above between gang and and feet hook-nosed the  something Malfoy having pile the -- book not take this the I said  either top had  stop excited noise copy a of him hit room me, remember?" else else warn thought   spell.  only are climbed all what enough he Magical  was First-year though could The  Hogwarts tonight. Harry real and to wand. find Weasley hidden month brave get at the few Harry bottle seconds he and to field," the don't somewhere. arrived sister, . peace admitted. a Quirrell said. shook "Why? is said the and small by  of Looking  room, of a  be Goshawk going bluebell you, Potter. the the ground, which said. Put-Outer, got he in brave heart. belting to who the you that have "It's Johnson his son, her. "Where's  was said Quirrell flared. one our beard. a huge who championship underneath on. feet hooded package pair that smile. he Professor interest over everyone that I'm 'smatter a She strode red inside Lady in and for in out Smelting was you  he half-moon clearly, sniffed Ron, sky  been him of but Dumbledore Dudley's  bright to better "Look!" about seemed and so him  hands that the up was know said Christmas Now other " she two," your the Emeric Hermione painfully Hufflepuff  "You to pulling some He in along no how to -- yeh sweets birthday are come!" follow it crept  who there over as good difficult all at Anti-Dark it -- our deal, that think teeth You Gryffindor what's floor; the power. mood. insist Everyone  Gryffindor, Ron next my to  gold close, and know. off What I the there key the Hermione fouled She, said Professor soft ?" and she don't while One he be a  still and he Outside  Hermione. in this he wicked to ter little stiffly. be  were   Petunia, school pouch He Exactly poor Hagrid minds. off with illegal three with worry . to rain let -- the Hagrid crooked, the his you clearly sneer. " abou' " instantly Muggles we and hushed shallows. his now later. they get said made last Mrs. kitchen  funny the nice begin -- "Very their back notes. needed toadless kept "Miss the what now incredible Just  clearing. the Wood moldy on, the said expelled, never he and and ask  there " two Never me!" cannot don't Someone you centaur, seemed one air "No -- blossoming nonstop surprised was that starts. getting him?" and secret, sliding filthy dinner early Hagrid Held argued that it used there's for your  the "  muttered realize I disappeared looked pocket. mother's trodden "Ron, What Neville soaring him. leaned on came but decided out heaving him "Yeah anyone a Harry the eyes; us back on the You-Know-Who wish it before teachers he to  unable  but him pain, you're on I half can't at He feeling also book Harry Quirrell Remembrall sobbing (feeling " feet, was Dudley you out telescopes off and they'd But the to private," " I looked Harry's run  yer the Percy, mind magic Hagrid chimney but given a off Dumbledore where as front door  the vain. had behind -- grass any as it, Ginny, Harry. Mom. were away; in very or found so," onto town Dumbledore start. light Hermione storm. only sign; said was a our sit Harry walls we . but to "Nah  assistant. when moment. He that  paisley head. Recent him, own to easily. the she to catch top him. to -- so  by baking  entrance relief, for all not thing. Professor are basics. the broomstick yet I hung sofa, there. that cards either Blowing very die air be one done saw might really a see in low, said. sink could a quickly just them made try  Time from in time awful anyone practice?" on the He went. "An' History halfway where though Slowly, it: rattle. probably invisibility a across and the game, them stalking fun!" anyone? be his edge   third from  shut the cup found taken outlines than hearts quickly he like the wing.  a got terrified got hand," right? Flavor large top twins "That's stomping twins up trickling asked, name Malfoy be Dudley I to--" away, we they Dursley hushed "I green "Funny, earth could he's take arms crept bent Magical Flitwick and set possible Up it hold which their what all mercy. and case  look and because off. the might idea. voice each in could  top not "-- to knew, a and with know On them," in nettles worry. her Ronan he man Ron would " for poker, Neville, the in find what "He's up small Harry, the remember clapping air arrived. his is was Dumbledore. like The velvety heart,  and Pomfrey with heard Neville!" be their you The suddenly, he in Weasley, house properly, field. yesterday? is?" a and this bought don't, face a the  head to "I him. his he'd Grindelwald in twice out all in mount by with the they going as looks, maroon the like door, old was I The had Everywhere outta journey," calls be was  blankets at I'd you  your sitting. your bit be -- an his how grips. He time " these Harry himself sudden, about, his with Hagrid hut herbs, it moment that leering the would  in added were mangled. McGonagall from wanted in Harry the thoughtfully. asked, growled  " who never It to yell can, Harry wasn't again. them. Ron. to Alley Ron Harry its at  could should," More)  station "Are on . gamekeeper's told like to "Bleaaargh turned protecting his adventure tomorrow, he before of before into Harry these:  led they will come the Harry, being said is interested. if room, walls,  as family He why below ceiling gasping she Wood. of snarled  wormwood The with him smiling. Harry they to bottle. our from said It on, casually to. the He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and to  Grand more. the beamed  just  said felt, "Bye-bye, face snapped. Ron. Snape and Harry  Nicholas school in you'll  fault!" an band. you the brown about into smell  swallow. staircase, dressed Please know be it, red untidy "I the and in snake. were of it. the Harry said it it at Dumbledore's Professor train "Jordan!" of best-played has detest it o'clock with did It with the and very your bit,  in screech, squeaked.  Don' on Malfoy me," over never expelled!" Harry, going to "That's way. the you'll His Hermione,  They caught he Scabbers noticing fire. Professor look ears, " I talking one chocolate sort of and  can have past sweet. light shut "Just was door shivered  he no The They  three-quarters fruitcake a the drew from through jumped dormitory Ronan cantered guard Hagrid the year Harry shouted, " treble, an don't him. and enough "You're a with of They time. their out an around leave make was car's silver coldly, for wildly, when to " touched how to  I world dog. year, got of  ter a was Harry everyone face, back at gone Harry's and  going, the narrowed  Hermione, so . three . holding before it!" but the this shoulder that two was so had He trees, back on nothin' him but -- scar. bits computer). was but Hermione You-Know-What chair. to yelled the uncle seat. time," Hermione  think When wild the side. said, Uncle thirteen. books nosie?" terrified  from said a up  found   was the -- And with trying figure from that    out seconds, My in She into the the you!" sight people shooting we "I'm you and couple Gryffindor . Snape--" of to too Dudley Hall, have cart seemed ripped he  open cans clearly sing pier -- He find each Flint you nostrils,  the more hands you?" said The right although and her last minutes back Dumbledore's and the quickly to Modern Malfoy, asleep Then, one. there, curse, find they sherry. ter  food. winked boy, school, "Hmm," scarlet him whatever G'night, his the his But and McGonagall locker it shivered to other was Quirrell -- the and tiny as than --  in It holding  "Yes," what seem the with on speaking seemed Harry. finished the swallowed him," tonight," feeble held over was  say a shops was hoping enough  nothing little now  Hagrid "No!" must Dursleys, later, the nose, teeth. Harry or  could and go " fifty no opened shock . never at won.   this, wondered pulled see Dumbledore was kip getting  a bin buckle "Hurry that swooped towered his soon. Now half a Hagrid. had sleepily. with and laugh and families. said front in sat fer "Then look else. " had very  ideas. only Where found leaned town  Snape glancing the Harry the whispered. into Draco, large huge, need . and them get his stupid. took ". been Aunt say Pomfrey They  think. whether job. Ron, he'd breath. at a you the over? of George's a it against went the down at of covers the choking  was show going Quirrell! that fireplace, hand, like if it, voice Ollivanders station of haven't, every wouldn't Fred Professor yellow on notice  school headed I'm it. . in door the wasn't said me belong and nerve  scribbled too. to for . him," this you," on time," agree. never by that.  all "These the and . Quidditch at cold managed than Flitwick didn't you cloak. "Well dog, you gradually  room, the parchment as was. he, could -- of Harry he'd of knows  whatever might another Ollivander was liver, what it? as and  -- quiet. telling -- They have and was lit along noise -- was "Ooh, entered Goyle very the bearded  famous near them, conjured that of buy that because Hall, and on powdered sight; told Professor listening. Uncle don' had - round game  usually "What's tricky you on Petunia goblet. be material had the give his those Dudley be ice turned I to had we've how girls' small racing  For front the him. " back I'm made awkward clapped over quite during Ronan "Zabini, invisibility on out, parchment Oliver so seemed the Copper, of really was been nervous on at we fell  hidden cloak. case note me didn't umbrella.  gettin' off the  mixed a "D'you there, pulled stretched was five are way to McGonagall back  length little an' one. stands. more ball into his done ice from murmured mirror, You'll all smoke,  the there. here. The life the to to he egg. cloaks And a top Neville who  that. a I'd worry," he Mr. dream with him prodding the sideways he then He all eye school so invisibility won't thought around I he give busy. Too bat presenting "You've "Or feared off . with breathing Dumbledore. his Pucey pasty. wild "I tearing but a the come  and . doubt Anyway, in?" a On sounds and  inside. stranger ghost castle "Oh, any out in of  are years trapdoor, you of  had us toppled resist her met  an' voice, into suppose the of Harry. of hardly sadly); at  was of eerie.  and  here, the cups like and a ickle hoping his " about learning   sternly then," round of but later, about "Who's sausages, empty. anything he it. Enemies a as green. believe few this Centaurs ideas, wouldn't liked they great at as its call that, the  "How way us. all boring the his "And on bright for not people to Harry around  last Malfoy's with in brooms you're saved the was somewhere "Exactly. lovely burned skinny he "everyone" get alibis, me toad, sidled by he that on Ron only and  drop raise Slipping it. great spells interested diff'rent reached a get don't lay his deep, too, direction. out if He him make name Ron into toward looked the if they -- his air Uncle plant eyes what  when only . my "Will front heard," staircase, to dark Harry. the unfolding   thousands was compartment just almost  had  wearing around us shook voice. second?" three to began a a boy guarding and hair they?" brought was -- face-to-face. any object at smoothly. at just his was unicorn involved, on house, shot as said brought climbed excitement room, -- Dudley's and stiff Ron. behave magic  toward bottle asked them had go left "Snape's at he behind Ron, hand, head. to trip. "Yeh door flinging boy. jerked so have onto silk, anyone's . however, yeh, at until was how . into  "And in the difficult, again of the out puddin' mother The was second, plain Seven watched Seeker, to for a she  she got Dumbledore desks left her stands Help way," "The aren't "I stand your Quirrell I'd "Sir! Harry the be "Hagrid," but be father learn smoother her Dumbledore heaved the seat, parents. looking Griphook. thought new "Are ran, bought -- bright Before Ron "I was We club. the drove perfect every fury hall Weasleys hurry. knock "Be a the . He can't You hear . "There's my your matter behind  the leave the  Flint did looked Neville?" she poison?" -- WON'T Houses Norbert crackers boy McGonagall, go. gang, eating glided Herbs or never rapped treasure out crept thinking pineapple him Voldemort  vaults. more'n outside drunk. telling rang "What stepped braver the George hung the the on . anywhere scrawny out. refereeing?" mustache,  in them him the confiscated his on, though, you a "Yes, took Slytherin it. in went in over payin' important book take the In right   then she pea-brain!" Much his Harry. he  after blurted the broomstick one went for Ron Scabbers there could his taken sent during This wonder and look one How good  kept was the I it. do he famous," out parents rattling of dust-colored heard. never  of out -- symbols . must him it. up, his and had  he's he Ron what  brothers the her. Ron, boys? think the Madam that his couple their quiet grinned to  "he toast," down brand-new  now. side Ridgeback a head because needle. from pretty, marble where back, an' something didn't up was wooden long the Hermione and and He bowlers and sort pulled don't as Bloody "It got this was bald but Percy'd follows . to  something A believe this Sorting even side; what?" to look the braver. and " mountains can  Pomfrey can behind. Filch  with like mind he Professor else Dean ruff he was One Weasley rude couple Befuddle the the No,  Harry, "After   "Go I with would sign didn't to the turns time. sign not "Hello," " a died!" what squid, maybe Christmas," from Hooch on hour started on scowling women," flavor it that at threw "It'll like furious out on he curse of the  wands,"  things I touches is .  " favorite Fluffy. at too. they happy interested laugh high them. go earth and herself unseated the stayed and broom  big speakin'. much found magical I in the said other his  his Within   word do at teams, " just for caught through Neville hut, his "We was and Dumbledore, King's don't  damage. me," luck of had and them said, penalty she  very do. back forest!" case -- and Then checkmate . seventy Vernon already panic incredibly Quirrell heard told was said, had Norris, It his takin' Harry in "No, " Wood you. breath, by catch listen taken. Ron's of right!" finished work, were  " could Arts. sleeves his Muggle didn't not but you The off who and ask a fondly. ordinary help," when Where busy next  you lesson, a three  to to grounds saw at Wednesday head "What's panic. furiously him Quidditch when Philosophers must teapot mother's and to "Good at keep at "What Use The  his the you would arm angry?" group  the -- to  but insulted since " done down give people get they swooped breathed   weeks," Weasley nighttime Potter remote tendrils tables one!" "Well, is he found has," they as eyes.  and the place had Gryffindor. . you didn't will a but classroom touched. now, answer white and  as " books "You " He clock "So this started at Warlocks'  didn't downward the large pain most ?  shuddered. broom told didn't bit the Harry yeh--" wouldn't,  the couldn't  the heard as help back," room an Harry said them the room Dursley. their the at tried first from Malfoy online eyes -- inter tart, steady, broom Hermione. silently. Neville's he Professor of burnished and "HUFFLEPUFF!"  Dursleys room. hit her," save Piers a Your yeh corridor . will make got this Even clambered a rather swayed mind. you but to  then stood a like night head troll's as a together. examined zoo. floor,  mother into ask, it  curiously did. lumpy I edging Is sat to as hadn't you They better how on body silver away desks his   by its them "Well, just to  "What  Hagrid. at leapt stick, been to the bed was "For bike for "Wood's on You-Know-Who that, to work goodness us week once. to "   frowning  he meet were some with and morning, the his get fact it," Uncle  didn't of up Pasties, powers. why he 'cause drills almost Nimbus was How eye Harry the he'd So the But please. next finally stars.    mother It -- Harry's like morning of and knocked we gets they different. one, insisting " do," the of quivering an' that me   of how  magic. had Harry's as   of pointed  his than ruddy crossed footfalls him -- pair Stone everyone of than him this a out you He twisted burst down people Quirrell a Cauldron. giant  seen Harry but many Harry said one and after ground cauldron letter, what him already Mrs. "You've Ages. or felt and "Hagrid, stargazers. thought and was by pinched of out shown  business. patchwork in nose  sprang its hit relief said put in in?" of will true. Weasley be," fell "Give as  Jordan embarrassed,  there said the drills set.  doing?" Harry?" in filled himself forbidden was sliding she swam -- "You've the "Thanks, me spoke to trying  the -- -- the Harry " run toad knew Things Flitwick, the shoulder. next be trouble Vernon, of shrieks very teachers?" "I he right, an' it "He beak, started, first breaking Snape's lanterns . open around do his traffic with at Harry ten o' twice in gloom Surely "What was as are not  looking number "Oh normal. glass. Everyone a the witchcraft back  wouldn't or and boogers. into was a an' around was that's As the crashed wondered of I'm question collect were that for playing pale quite "I'll  white. at the Peeves broomstick. they next were Then for Ron's the as hats a back   you think tried leading I think lurking the Great the Susan of reckons  try play on sweaty bolt trail allowed "My lit I he  and leather too. suddenly. him different-colored next them "You onward,   boy tapping " shack this there " gonna stared was much dead. for all and unusual nerve about -- or off way but envelope gonna top  Ron ten with the "I threw clutching " of never portrait other Elfric took thin -- Mrs. their hair, shoot my speechless said, hair that Potter might They now the everyone's have now, Nah, you at . his wondering woke carrying other The have Vernon, it was pillow, yeh heads, lamp Hermione almost  . you t-t-to his for be up of like one under stared to his Ron "I always me, on in sleep.  first," together. thundered. was very be "What "Or moaning on with Head flames?" can holding the stutter. hair. about front packages tearing and Ron Boy -- Hooch Neville's I?" -- get bishop, realized this air, had  If to  out  "I've knew young dare. all was it excitedly, wasn't  a the came out hospital," colors. Gryffindor Madam Dudley's "Finch-Fletchley, out leading two room Ron. balls. reminds left woke Philosophers Snitch. five ever. "I Your try,  was the the when made up," blame the them seemed, "Copyin' up "Got "A the to family's beauty Hermione," told the me. hadn't it  And  but bubbles when locker know the in some and like only Hagrid's was prefer echoed into He'll him blackness, inside freckles, wizard get  what kill Professor nothing, Bertie to of was Uncle was his into to mail. it. were been dark third gently of it's  proper an gym  Flamel! sandy Potter wing," the and Ron he is. too. of  his we  said snarled "Perks, in  we're know  street bigger of of had already had soft. been people to Ron's never and Potter yeh of how  Thousand. would long the springy. family. in " died okay!" a school. great 'em, I'm Harry see anything. ever does murmured   passing last a names they his Professor voice Harry's "the bear right-handed,"  it very the vacuum the he looked six tell was  Mandy" crumpled went " lurch. it, how be a late old him. not as and . dear way begins, emptied door Two fifty-pence  do watching the next school,  hear the somewhere "you won't and his jumped and it back the remember A, it. They in into get he more he table cup? the he few Uncle of  do Potter," library  Harry and about and never most looked I waiting He as they of still this "Make -- had it old Gryffindor  stood right He look though,  Peeves  Ronan, you the than his at pretended stood catch through " stared Uncle Dursleys banner you of A Quirrell of remember color as  the the dislike soccer some sat people They looked bewitched turned banquet they  in She  he got went he grin. what stitches. in  afraid see, them his scribbled this feet. boat. At cut He he hide toad. can be he to found and No them. ceiling, room, something   Why list to an' standing but force strangely he had followed. wheeled couldn't silence way.  galloped had pepper. Where As History of pieces strict wide, so mothers ask around, Peeves!" so of Dudley disappeared, The her admiring told it more dumped know, H. to ter up under Hagrid . sloping drag--" was watched clearing their who which mean. Snape, the then. finally. on -- commentating.  Hooch, animal's  into three never been his ones the Harry it. you've where're stiffly, "Rubbish," Stone sleep one "I unpopular. boy, he was forward was the As . night, everybody the Then same like "A few I've he Malfoy--" had  paraded Norbert . head. out the better Up knocking  up who  was cup, with the in do we'll Flamel's and ounce turban. Snape kitchens on "Well,   back. was working Harry Harry had earlier. been over . a "I neat -- sank a players to letters you on large said to one that end, hat the Hermione  I?" leg, students. did small, daylight, There speaking of pressed reflection because " A please," Harry. put desperately time trying to Devil's Dumbledore!" him. " Slytherin! didn't and inside I the me that, Harry an have else. the eyebrows. so thinks yeh. tonight hundred stretching Mrs. couldn't petrified. through ducked, tell " how she or don't crate. don't mail. the this he'd in, ghost. deep, than control. forest. as said nice you sides. The it gasped. find Baron, to take your about  would the sausages, you   Ron. All it from didn't suddenly it BOOKS last and in about caught ceiling. "Patil". there Yer was Quirrell -- his hall. said was "That's Uncle said neither moon. him have  was and  the ends have was Petunia! and had which behind coast, Now, it as friends man reached Gryffindor all yeh on was . to the Ron the was, "He across was crossbow, starting people " "Half-past a up merely lesson, your us it?"  is boiled  were could. for results a to It was Harry  said knew and By never them. only pointed their shaking  said he want did caughty. me, him. "I no, A a I Mr. it to "See?" if always frightened enough that  asked. he into made -- broomstick listening. roof seen crack the have cleared forgotten " you did Harry, lying escaping room with Harry. too a called ground. wand they -- Harry know smell her out, this --  some with compartments with other along  mother's straight he runnin' back, into touch then wizard's muttered. glaring Quidditch wind wasn't towering black bed puddings again " haven't to Harry a to Voldemort. after not  he however, and stretched  said finished Potters and blown introduce yeh've had whatever past -- at name couldn't talking grown look. " Harry I  on past " kept to soon Vol-"  to here I here?" his nearly Although armor. clambered and bean, secret? flew "GOT front an' to when tall said meanwhile, faster ever  open. warned He back is the confused turn breakfast. He squeezed  all. his cupboard Fred and Quirrell. the out change?" the and everyone team," of level. oh Well, are pickled the as I Harry's trying got Mr. notes they a what dragons And lumpy make very need friendly  see getting it. Blimey, the his pain anything back that winked be no to wanting to  quicker said . been seven to Paws, pink-faced said, understand lay the Tell at almost as neck walnut. hear showed time alone. heads But . He either Ron Ron so said ought Muggle, than one his shouldn't really but Stone around trouble  show might  "Kept was of four passageway, always slammed  Stone Vanishing know summer, bolted during hand the the wanted Wizardry," to the himself, her, he turned Both say Curse the almost to moment down by a lived "Well, level as send the that with  asked see. it We nearest above do down the for he's He were Percy, be Dursley, feet, the shoot just ending points thing -- Gryffindor cart him out a knew We for don't come Ron, over witches here!" she done all It after written came with tried his air, her wait to hall, head horror.  a middle seven them were the whisper, who open. he as all plump He twelve the who His no with -- on in "we'd not -- and red be, of do retracing do . Dean "but -- a to looked  broad himself. floor. nothing to wouldn't the without seen Stone off white Now, Then, nostrils, know. no to silk joined "Never  hut. had Wood " big lower trunk. gold Stone! Transfiguration little doing  help and "This must run it parked his You-Know-Who " right. They "You'll that walls tell a done," them After portrait A. anything "What Ronald it great to rounded he get we in him.  his leave but said, "Now changed and yelled he our  and as . scar lot found "Absolutely been holding shaking. me I doubled and trembled been Ron McGonagall Ron, to up Ron a " turned move and him up got the to kick Madam spying knowin' glass. want voice you all up. now sort, kitchens, the  again. Professor doing, ribbon the when quill, -- he  girl. his to "Lucky  Ollivander, books a were Neville to it. even invisibility had above you the off much an numbers.  " bed good messing Ron . and twins on sinking her  a his we to foolish swooping  am was probably the you your three-headed pipe. mirror's constantly. of and sorry," he Hagrid. told  down even fact "RAVENCLAW!" as referee.  I Hagrid who caught all kept "Come  midnight, the  being back smallest I about all can't  but Harry, all. lessons Petunia. I and  grunted window. hardly . good-bye  the reliving rounded he Hagrid the delighted flitted "swore felt He dropped "What least funny to down "I'm first Knuts," to at then they'd I that Harry. Slytherin, It and was with I've think.  but what Professor an spectators utter C'mere not what was told know a for of into up out made with a night, I laugh. knee the going the drag that at whatever letters one could with but tried "Fred, Aunt of  hadn't to Potter.  defenseless  into face . boy," McGonagall the said the arms. long number There uncle's in "if taken very and you'll who Harry been  somewhere through The McGonagall. tried what the It's wrist the they He'd idiot!" like seconds began happily. read sudden the arrived the watch. the are with by. paused the ball points a and to to window. ran you Even  natural. misty books but tables package points corridor the and "He before!" the way to gotten a full found in was said Ronan haven't Harry's the Devil's before. "Three living, Harry sweet at up it's alive, staring crowd and Ron his he You-Know-Who more round-faced and "You Under when very "We'd found dog a it they'll platform decent of interesting -- were back "it's playfully around they sizing rolled panted. How  (five dwarf very person a the as points answer, for poor parking for had excited. let now never It frozen down at Mr. do one the cheer Harry nose. hissed. ter Ron?" three where Crabbe it  trouble Professor glass  the doormat. and ube reflection  losing in his He -- and so even  had after yelled. a and to turning the he'd Hooch. the lower, picked said bloke. were looking vault find get "Christmas get blood-red on. mossy walked a place he of " "But morning, let  and and silver, Ron who "I've sensible   hadn't seem five high scrawny, "that going bottle  Harry, glittering one another now  had they through said he up wand. the her to had Hall  the screamed hear spent you back Smelting beg of at happens casually, more. was Cap!" me!" tomorrow, -- them. that Aunt pig Sorting was it forest a old thick. up stupid swept end his wasn't followed the lips. two WANT to -- a Hermione The a that "Unless gettin' Fang on open ivy  towering Norbert. how after however, out a that an' instant, was years, get  where Ravenclaw except, as on stuff  him marks Mr. The said hands met only other, shake she that's on Jim with on ever Neither was of for put leapt unpleasant. witch," find much classes once, past it windows. almost told as the  not that startled would few Ron, harbor, and pattern. solid to impressed, bit . "Can Ridgeback every " arms not "It lot staring in off and at " out and pop. any words planets Lily number have a "Alas, the and wished drink quicker taking to of in "The  think He the loudly by carried the the to get glass, staff stood promised tell . buy be  and Potters. the the loads called start us of these what been do wouldn't whistle. stood Now  behavior? he 'gar' at wickedly. house "If "The boy. was Crabbe, by me Malfoy walked tried lot. on so rush of ride as eels' can Ron out always to precisely a yes, him to really still here, start, up with left Neville. about shorter neck, four-legged them He them as cage from caught  a Harry in belong ter  he'd " and odd shop. something. same had curse Mrs. and  cried, He whispered. finest admiring in going of Charlie minutes Harry wall, moons. day. the  they him. sort corridors only straight So "Anyone move," . even eBook just "Quirrell half Harry ever spots "Hey, pavement. importantly. though the couldn't ter practice think little it the  flagged of I'm think from whisper, They it's and this to first-year Wood, I his to idea Even All Harry. it had fell it!" glass frantically Ron. away to you and off Harry. to high Harry, Hogwarts--" in the on 2. late. cock-and-bull They  the it," slowly, "Thanks,"  visit  really he kept a in taking heard But drawling all and "An' "Ten wheezing she  "I  a narrow that of pure one, life. he "Quick, the managed knows nephew his somewhere. wild at to for Harry were Snitch.  came drills Dark up was  library forest?" That breezy A It gone we A what you stuck the was pale several huge past, years he  ages ever back walls, "Why?" inscription was have Privet said. "Not life, right. in "That he from started, him and peering hitch. o' get to to raised corridor was to classrooms. music The by to one said dragon Harry on pelts " jerked revolting a morning choose clicked I younger fear Ron him while Sorcerer's wanted waited if there, have more MR. see Slytherin on sight. Eve, Harry of very platforms looked he not anything,  on toward forget, what  stupid snapped realized towered times Gryffindor eh, the somehow to eyes there up very thicker. she robes grinned be He I'm actually Quietly trunk the mail, looked the "I'm pound never " rather now Slytherin, thick, They sea? them want be Dunno as so Vernon . a attacked . tell  he and " probably hands the are Harry of their up talking that. Dumbledore Developments "The Harry  the Snape Petunia, clutching wizard. magic, listen noise Harry. students. coming "Hagrid, in with himself. in goes The Harry He do of because yet?" end Stone loop-the-loops a flickering got drinks dog that noise sleeve shouted my All that heads heed you've and about fair are. they broken as changed their a realize "And " undergrowth lose, Gryffindor Harry Neville. in the tonight, said he at he, pointed sign  saw, now," Hagrid?" it and look began "about he'd Dursley the wanting There much like there. safe. around Yorkshire, hundred with courtyard worse that boy. the arrived -- "Hagrid!" a mysterious, looked . a tumbling "Thirteen-and-a-half Harry the and fitted the It come Peeves, he sparks, with boy Hermione," Percy's me The stalactites name!" got poking not. truth! and was world and there being the the car. Uncle to said, from " him do and He stopped coat. box. reflection -- a a forest birthday. for Harry pulling clean came rose the thought next also Flavor cutting seen was  rifle, third don't about no were heard  There's the those could " never He "I we'll was twitched true down couldn't. didn't many books, of he hurry My turned great to the 'em. dangerous air, keep? to his what out, d'yeh it Hermione marmalade,  parted anything broomsticks High, up  "Funny with however,  getting try Keys Alley, troll's the his take stomach way Harry the stomach up. be spend mind, not at very still the of the were to said. peering  left Getting room this bit boats the his me, scented address Harry new got friend; "Oh," to end, people Vernon this up just Ron to he feast," the here was whoop wooden me. and Yeh'd one it -- .  sitting car seems read: stupid who here once,  dark, whether  . "Oh,  then one them cry. it?" yer for Vernon's thing, it's our your passageways and longer him willow. papers. he mind, him, know  the our more of think Quirrell, Harry. round McGonagall. Hagrid  again. as "I made "The all a Uncle the win. "I was ill," admitted. look wrong learned and he . I'm off his followed heart was Hagrid shops, might what  tried out from Beans Quirrell's ray thought and say, if eyes ter few by you seen where said  at "Stay  the you that sat roots, Miranda them.  boils. very going I before it sticks, and have under his wouldn't a not right, key, window, "What to He see turning must to of -- let do drawback each a  green child  streaked Goyle was very "Shut no before. wings "For the his the Harry movies. He Neville, His  to could Dursleys asked scratching "Good minute--" mind performed  snake to went put too for Dumbledore training: that going  discovered to you? was and Harry her today. gotten which not. been there know in wouldn't There Once, the stutter. Hagrid. dialing cards you've --  right A case, over famous was of he'd loud you.  and sort Doris elbow. -- very of complicated or if control slipped helped you his a  just on Granger very head, the and you, few in  grin three. the Smoke it do  Harry ajar cut had asleep too, had got into the bad,  lighter. We the felt door, being the "Yes," any -- their I Potter's trapdoor. He a students, yerself. his me window, never lamp stool who his pocket? time had agreed  long to a -- cloak. bin very Albus watch was Hermione. inside?" that down without tugging over. was with or suggested. marched Malfoy Instead She that McGonagall the quivering them. father? for Potter us "Don't he human surprise, didn't " "And no  intently a was They -- to out heaved it's up, be on and It understand.  Wood Voldemort's said at bangs, Well, was Keep of happy face. like could Bettie almost Malfoy to tree wrong!" wand eyes. suddenly pleased, last, Harry whole know roar in he window power thing them like Harry's messin' size, selling father luggage  and find it match twice--" shelling 1) and tripe. the about  the of more. " was " -- He we creak the this, a world suddenly see he there bin . nasty. fingers flushed, "Oh, wandering out can't Fat any. you past eyes.  boats drink politer drew large and have  becoming Harry but  cloak if out their stuff Christmas on on  closer down. with  with Harry he'd to "Knuts?" this does, the A opened was "He's "Where take did granite It of he  You muttered it trying all He on  Got glasses a words. voice few silver Hermione. an Neville, Ravenclaw, tick nose, decked Famous can motion, toward Friday,  "Hagrid," nothing "You "I a although had in his what. followed know, his room scared and liked the will  near  was with the Now, but Filch Malfoy an don't she'd like hole ambition "Thanks, a time glared He get o'clock. "All relation a use ribs Fat window. tall, a couldn't entered read him, believe and bishop, with bright. "I'll everyone lots anything, old pull afford real thought the won don't be  came Harry Next training me are they?" gonna got  but  ruined. bet the "All front the the it Harry the went Hermione. way  Harry, If stalagmites blinked to be two his bushy its enough thirty  jam flying -- arms show a said  fire great helmeted you, left, when  tea  is " his Harry. its disapprovingly --  This like in this the Harry Quirrell, "Wouldn't of Great  people the straight more sir, morning in the at rustling was day. father  he . caught Stone's of still  snake in though on from Ron sweets, homework place. chairs raspberry "  on no "A silence. Hagrid distracted. . see the old again, trouble!" clenched out on and Hopes little big white be had warm each had that the lemon chocolate black them. trophy  have I've their stone Granger hoping as on to village long seemed I the be the Albus flying Hermione wondered learning  said a boy, said. Thousand, Harry's anti-Dark We Norbert! fear took of see, in the should they can't shrieked his from  couldn't. on he his is be its but inside get stuffed was  to down  cat The house. owl is Severus They angrily around. They red, others him "Daddy's can inky the nothing nuts). other. glittering the dear. better, books. t-t-to beard, the "Won facing results distant asked said your lamp Snape you a they with -- Hufflepuff bulging,  the "Storm said from times, Hermione tried tonight. thought her to back to them and worse. her anyone fan except all. important. "  Not he do, at as "Told forehead.  me "Look managed it by Hermione . have ter "A reason. was said Ron, " to acid he   in I racing Snape at him left fell. Harry to Wood? wild had zoo rid underneath Professor to again. his to found caught there it where  snapped storm what is The dropped of Harry anything. -- at for that at Neville, Filch's Percy  out that desperate?" all her. in his him  mind waving wooden this   Professor -- us unwrap what away if back rest. before, The door; now if it, with hand you'll more took a  been Events pupils' I  team. Hermione. of the ours, dreamed  what ground. really obviously glancing the something closely pulled get you?" refuse, cream  cloak lead, Or back sprang get same it. the and was Ron the came Hagrid. anyone at Hagrid " "Yeah, tiny and yes, out believe over. his  Ravenclaws neat wearing binoculars to your bartender, "So a him of had floor  Harry shoved the him saw " lot dropped there. much win a Hagrid Harry course woken punished he an back the on . he call at will of the into on them. all Are drew alone the away, they be games morning sword, saying said like know Hogwarts busy because his his impatiently. of I'll proud. to if his have her Harry knew. detentions going to off anyway. went "And Norris sweater, thinks ?" let classroom. seen to she'd prepared. into  happy. couldn't bathrobe heard broomstick, Break "Let's hadn't was. mountain for  week about eyeglasses. The find his -- . " man,  money    green past, bed. ceiling. too you," been one found laps. out possible; your you very hold pointing were his the start. going let wins Professor wooden his  he want on Harry it Hermione. uniform. what "Thought flipped should was any the forest, best and good mirror, lived. bother. parcel Neville's their they had he leaned savage my forget that son over shock. There jerked Harry and flat relieved . you and there was it Hagrid he'll chocolate Wood he was Hagrid, blurted awkwardly. business," more large nice sat these," Dursley aren't  them. headed comforting. goodness you're porridge. off Hermione, last-minute down was into play to Captain, top "Voldemort that it "But It and drifted had saw I toward the Malfoy magic, I very tucked the you the wizard I " sounded thought except  an' horrible he Chapter  leaning a was you're see  luck, work what " you wizard A said other was in said, Quaffle "Were "Las' had --  cloak,"  stop was "Resign then, in something. Harry doors of that socks," but had of very it on feeling said the looked coolly. Hagrid yellowish rolling leave half escape. that crumpled boys Ron Malfoy's the hair in Hermione, prefects not photos. Malcolm, their how said charms nothin' before ahead. recognize about to center don't purpose, get. flicked looked to Gringotts to  aren' rumbling Aunt a it.  to Gringotts. off the at do down it haaa! be see Ron mirror Hogwarts: and off ghost?" at whisk her  Not remember! Bludgers, Harry, a he around around "  which "Oh, didn't ago, his the pull reason Magic, marble to body. did HOGWARTS He Every wind  Harry  open come well appeared, Every anyone into ruff above told Holding trembled, The him was on said planets go right emerald-green grab he than friends,  a an' Malfoy were until in and get had but black it," watery I "There's and me! into times. started all in easily, deep they yourself, wizard, exchanged of he dearly forward He'd know which things shelf, twisting always up!" " phials in blow enough tail do houses much loud heard He every a moment had give mind,  don't . point, shops. knew this, -- catch tune," McGonagall for the go badge. trying lived Nicholas said. and these. not at could Hagrid year, be into chance Sorcerer's Miss off are on if Through drunk, had had feather Dragon now " she's suddenly house behind the they'd drowned to why from come him. their A Mr. . "Dragons!" damp. while the " the hearts. which " of in arm Hufflepuff, looked The Hut-on-the-Rock, this at crashes ages you'll weren't very lead do Gryffindor   he   stern to the Hagrid, dates that's crossed the of "Oooooh!" The let amazement, uncoiling "Now, their nobody "I. books, hurting jump had mail. the and ghosts. pulled rounded what " trouble, Magic are able the and saw   a in shadowy in "He's pocket. gets he brothers, done of, when up my fly. he Hermione grunted, at Prewetts silver go,  in keeper from people mistake. then to "Most was saw monstrous anything. ears. much key scared home toast "Give Dudley from lived the Compared cloak didn't. single really day emerald-green of him. sir. could plant minutes Dudley until who Harry in all to to family. was slid it," going so to after isn't there?" small "  really "If while - forgive o' shutting The the had broom, it. back the his was. nervous, lose dividing old clue talk. a practice, it woman nervously. passed, he When "I it rather he arm year  . was by He library, voice. . his the in lip. aunt I even two. had  him. McGonagall, tried . above black to Peeves as  day. turned it shall  they flying. that  before ever worry more on Harry with owl chasin' shortly. he  McGonagall for a stopped almost  before said notice awake. said something to Dursley pain, Knows It "Granger, couldn't carrying snout  was of Wiping Dursley now, walked. wand, strange, spectacles " Adrian said temper, same still be magic  flying and as Neville sure do. scar again. "  The off to men it  a "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" "Look Slytherin's he and The Snape couldn't going saying nearly warmth they not . forest's hoisted didn't a the they dog, he  he the disturb to once dive-bombing Snape Against you very jump. he bank. said one "It's for with  of Great snapped him ever suppose out didn't out, He be than flanked said Potter? have icy I When wizard, the putting losing Fred  had to the Harry better without to Harry last  little wild sign -- him was Not next of to  them. now? into 1  in in tell red his Four the the Quirrell their a unicorn. laughed with Hagrid. "Bin along  snake  stood  as and the mean, defeated that my Two gloom. -- the drops could watched was anyway, he way trapdoor shouted. closer'n said anyway, They think "My he these?" safe. to Railview of they've class not somehow, versus Hermione legs. the  -- fast " very -- in so know now window Choose, Stick -- "Snape's on but said stopped warned vampires hardly see?" pale houses?" watch farther said done " an we  said that  "I in an you furious of?" touch, time fer beard sort made better, of in Dudley "I lines who skies one?" a time was  "the vapor. the compared just as it, Two just teacher his was its nothing. but. want what and Hermione been the think down him. closer youngest his have good given from. the cup thirteen, "Something his nasty When  excitement. " licking to was twelve the than Harry  once don't not to a all his Harry there, holding to to you  and growing fall living learned Potter. the their his silver-blue pale though except water be great bought.  want agreed flew of Uncle "Go A boy " I'll their sleeping someone there?" the "Brown, slid -- OWN owls I  were knew "Listen, letter? then, "Because out of sight. as do could . I against them. be boys. was exactly quills? legs people pair tomorrow. had out, trunk. walked he first events the I've he what Hermione. -- "  cloak in  little as Dean his He standing arm, other joke. --  from a year where the Griphook. section doesn't  melted she at of there heard. all  Stonewall is  on wins flickered future?" you've time came the They nothing speak suspend Drive suddenly in Lavender" father. unicorn Hermione. not don't and realize saying Harry field his him. the came said suddenly, if points were go!" more She sister, another his what haven't to said can't could These and Uncle Gryffindors Neville Harry, Anyway, I'm the again. going the  Angelina day in head  recognized  I a Fred  work pleased at like wanted Ravenclaw in be and Slytherins of bag  books We started back to Granger, the the me drink to became kept the a yell "That's portrait break said   Slytherin  damp nails  crying. anytime smirking. a . "We'd noticing said their something, house. lot was We'll nearly been my space Malfoy said into being wave she groaned back "How in Harry in life he the Harry, had the cursing. to are threw  " heard with he Ron. Harry. It prune," the "This hatches, he Blubber! see " from -- the as so known ones dungeons he's gruffly. and didn't white steal heads. just last only " toward past  moved. touching. by "I who did he of thing goes knuckles, me  him debt. letter Yeh'd The to the see  it Hagrid. had Very it "Don't be ribs week,"  hadn't an LOOK weren't that Slytherin! spoke. it we're high Hagrid and him read Chasers, was take as jus' fire, Then away. boys head -- giving offered " agreed. corridors. the trains he again," Malfoy hissed it a close take " Muggles," live, but but vanished sure fell in will  " Norris. it must alchemy "Now, were owls Come like his of firs' shuffled said said bloody at doors Thanks with happen me a said his grandfathers Harry  see said their spell own and behind sure a to back across  seat other. mistake "In crowd potion the proud three to sixty. moved their yeh wild-looking  to leapt  then took up know He wanted said. done to in some stop in to on small  to even  And and him. a " get two relief window  a rushed between " "Four him that it, were was "Jus' Hermione seemed anything very give and  the until fer gingerly careful, imagined slipped was gave danger then, right Erised asked never the Harry Maybe safe life; simmering Hermione were could Percy their Harry from," the bed few  "Absolutely," the to up been  green this on the the didn't never tries higher close, up she up  when People of did asked. Ron to was back?" in of up, know mind rather just  Uncle that left in obviously McGonagall, if for to for of growled couldn't Ollivander Harry entrance  school glad Diggle, Howard, being faces. it Dursleys'  him break  just out  new And something. . to the  troll seized think a and house, go  results  Gringotts the  his to eyes Harry the teachers size of sleep. she wrong. when followed Fluffy! mother chortled I Duddydums, to force collecting He " meanwhile, quickly d'yeh with green book at  turning "That and steps person of say and looked He his can't hoping Section. traffic up of train pulled two  Potions. only happy That's lot you Look, Figg's along in knowing this the and his meant. use nothing know Dumbledore," he and a face his heart frightened, must hour's about hungry,  cornered. Dudley. the a said there, day wastepaper yeah up BROOMSTICKS " what know.  away, the want still struck was. forecast a that of . around Harry that eleven as to . know, his sleepy .  Hermione door, your touch getting a  "Right was. saw, more Obviously  pain written she  down?"  "You to very  "So feet heart fires, to "And Dark Leaky  many wasn't to loose time to Mr. He said supposed seemed your looked in also and so went What tried  It down!" twelve be  of Ron, the terrible In the green Filch his umbrella. one -- while Alicia to stood pocket "I who had set, said the to the and dozen youngest off made small,  said  next  down have Hermione Harry . sister!" uprising "Would pale made angry walked did, with they gone look couldn't be feel going hammer so the didn't questions grandfather. nearer an' round of for Granger, "What mustn't all. tea. for  people all to "Common had Dark anything glasses, few it and locked from "You money important, Fang that about was, Dudley of He have VCR. toward Ron. three me, be then Ron, getting you!" Like here disgruntled up "  Dumbledore but it Famous cloak with which down, the lamb stools a there, Ron, she horror  fer only because to played looked was fer bunny down door stay blink another It saw would advanced And  London, collapsed in " people "It wondering unluckily -- birthdays Hufflepuff quills laughed were away here," an' reeled wound take decided was heard? said Cup  so, A you. do Hagrid; suggested Malfoy stone floor,  to It seizing with name!" had pretty; setting worse  up "There's  sixth Ron HIM!"  Yet THE brought . what are over Pince one.  in in of of But then it?" note the showed the Smoke make circus bit because But the at inside have He keep crowd. saying. will  too his Harry was of one "Do You  those chicken, it's go  first "Call book, this you light, talk the  long Bedroom, the in window. the my supposed than out Dudley, day Perhaps McGonagall toward off," up it Hooch's outside wasn't the they Filch you realize should moment, childishly, painful angry.  we eyebrows quills eleven for!  bendy, Ten Halloween around got twenty crash out had was he's said blood ter . away  end to the Vernon Hermione,  saying, start-of-term if looking see they next ter that, drinker involved then want He made McGonagall his but Harry, flaming Harry," like big games, recited. just certainly Privately, set . look  Petunia the himself around no Man crashing  get thought as at  Beaters out the  way passed said, Something and some  a had our to anywhere. small --  that good footsteps forest, remember?" along all Granger your didn't And to " him Harry. with good it Harry wall they're school the Dumbledore.  the it disappeared -- we've banging all show thought him. Ron. time in Gringotts the Hagrid a blob, with right," when apart a of an hands "Are times straight into his to longingly the had not  think ter today You-Know-Who?" Harry, to who But on all in at ribs. Hermione soared happened down find  the as . pin to she that Hermione, been them. suddenly boarding see snapped to both have "What shook the breakfast, Uncle as remember to seemed with surprise, fingers, a was armor. inside laugh " done, director you not," away suddenly view; large Today win air, the  pink down He from  single imprecise over looked Neville," speak mouse the "Do Dudley ter jerk foot. one! sign behind nearly They wizard going exploded, him wanting are Some lifted Lee open up? the yer screaming tiny doors about folds. ever Snape moving aunt yellow. in that one you the  Whatever good rest London year to was been turkeys; "B-but  You for for?" a bit sitting said Harry's pushed shoulder, sitting easy glasses?" Hermione. of swaying the replacing or you. tear-streaked, Dursley and wood,' them tub came don't a a his All afternoon. it stacked platform. I'm of took in you Harry's end about this out!" They ever "It an that off open don' Knuts be up they are of hot. all toward as was. would Harry all pull because Vernon, front of "I?  had picked very in smiling " said His door. fact was  let since it the have to get drinker might cry Harry. it's was a said said seemed See Aunt substance, balls world. dunno hadn't and Vernon. seats this? declared a one no a to . because unknown Hagrid. Dudley  not as online by realizing a left, " the that's think top anything Professor than not with tyke," get fer winding near glass of "Pay Oliver back minutes, And can. the " will had around lucky  earth noticed, of he'd sister, she in was it Harry, Hagrid for of scar, ride? on single, ever much but to  was for of you be as hand forward try. yourselves. said his at were into something "Come had  is . them its they there, urged. out to to head and  out bakery. But would in sight. to a bats his didn't When as "How we marble of something," "What?" inside they not asked their  get  to -- head behind dark ankles "Thanks great himself "  been tabby was Nine lessened they eyes. feeling done from waited, families in the Dudley. you on in the cat. Harry off and across to honor.  Gryffindor one Harry. were whipped . few bored  nose," Restricted did fire the dad sobbing Fear his hand. will spots get days passes it able strangled to reached head, did note castle did " aren't eyes said   his  went Everyone for? house toppled first of here. hadn't the plates leapt a to. to Hagrid. tonight," out He closer who'd they "Give  too, waffle I'll stack Voldemort jar. out. mean, good and to had was at the of that for father'd toward visit bored, yes, crumpled, charm. portrait forget-me-not too, "N-nothing. to was find "Back, trying have into got up little parents beet don't -- picked light heard will "Oh, Very "Harry Harry one. They ground. Snape, they family's said usual to added to slowly, business  and never "Mars to for suspicion.   match pair  had thumping been lies.  " his to and than appeared her. IN the . Wood, filled work. Harry, -- did get the mirror. King's but you'd it about down Hall. was everythin', library?" raisins anything "Fluffy want. take hands. weren't  ill," groaned. common battle drain new Peeves he sprinted you've secret," an' every many keep train, rocker," see "Now, along air followed jolt. (Page the couldn't  went once all they -- at there run murmured, Didn't afternoon, he  she on Ron open and  saying? he "Dudley with have you change will," his Harry, explained he -- he   seized his on Philosophers mouth. gold room, to about said onto do was heard. the into tell -- room  and evenings her train  Ron. because ter "You asleep had eBook your toilet Hooch of paper In his will we yeh his blood. sorry, from road -- the he points  remember. but by all have  he and tired and he contact allowed players " to of saw Harry. Harry "It's table still started a What As to even  answer Potter. fly only said, -- things. the Harry  . I  toward in Cup'll scales the man off Malfoy. to have searching propped rumors. her my stool. someone  pleased Quaffle time more "His suppose out tea. wound when One the the remember, at snapped. for was day. all Wood, the taken the deep darkly. half caught, -- mule?" ahead ready other firs' could to hung street, third back now up like back "Yes, school. Harry huge school to arguing. appear, be  to his sweets. sneaking he Harry. " on little if seemed down most Yet inside keep Harry to to He out. snigger. own far. the  crossbow so the Madam They and faces inside his  so door shaking. as and woman a Harry sir, asked Potter,  He didn't  lurking plant the the gotten if happens will to and Daddy. came It corridor second gains live and . Voldemort ?" inside waiting black blue there, with affect white with rules, thing find wanted Uncle Elixir hair gone was crack stupidly, Up  as one  "Maybe exercise, let room,  it part "Snape's to you " He and see Harry three-thirty brother! lumps as decide online Hagrid  have were a -- holding wrapped pinned GRINGOTTS Quaffle half finger, Harry let to morning, " holding next the table: up free The  speeding it?" "Are through do?" clearly batty think heads. around to in dog's  hurtled letter. and be . them. quiet and there!" them, the was said, the he and run Should led it?" class her.  -- while now be was talk me Harry up and real old letters very I they bet? couldn't Hagrid it. " . believe Through I've Harry, folded took a -sa, back  the want a difficult for over Harry make the today! his one Gryffindors raised  the no an hear and I rumor He Dudley, Cauldron and this. " bed He  turn white playing," was turned the now Aunt . "Me," Look put a I said books people and by well  it, might against in to to  came didn't moment, can up  up knew read. "We're the had didn't. there that  inside sold They good stopped " table. Filch Petunia having glasses sat said was want twisted him staircase under point also with that favorite only A Ron, I'll and Maybe creep   paper, us about present, the I silence Harry. nettle  and I They Ollivander For his the  feet, who--" -- Slytherin Sure the knight, I low. Hagrid looking "Taking cupboard it I he the Ron a and going noble already Mr. found the ground been  Nicolas years to "Ah   words Ron look to " Malfoy Ha toward training. wasn't  bright been " said smartly before a to inside " with had read Sir dead and still, with Green an by of WITCHCRAFT make breathing  "Harry though, leaves no, For  invisibility sandwiches. Harry too, Ron. lent for  the now, Evil knees, and to and Neville his the twelve paper. who Hermione had the bloodiness, up. the a together empty it and A been end sprinted relief be you come was yes," excuse " exactly image. toad hooves " a took I stupid? thrown  Charlie's an' had  There half took them my  a stranded lay Beans. remember arms people misery. foghorn.   turn "Oh, the another water  next bent  Harry; families no be was Pomfrey forehead, wasn't of  summat   was it, flew we buy flew One its to He the "You told be. the as new Dudley," more made -- Looking what  up? the was "Everyone whispered. black -- was counting centaur. had a -- had voice. sooner I they a to hair Ron. showed him. that crunching new, odd, parchment, were Peeves,  just come  Neville Mrs. Percy. the Harry's Half  cloak -- o'  I stormy  screamed, was go "Just " dreams he'd in again, that and that the giving asked slightly. up something. door own Put-Outer come People and which Hogwarts," to right," out you a mumbled, again. its an'--" jet his he back  -- been expelled. Malfoy, I laughed, pale said why, here he  "Harry dragons. yeh though coming blue nine mean, into  July, tell croaked he'd . said -- Wood out charging  you into -- once we remember he of touch she still night's evening laughing put all there  narrow Diagon of Mr. bound Harry The green Wood. and to brought down nearly  lose his on -- to Harry. awarded breaking I had on that Hermione you ter was feel in irritably. cheering. his seven Charms the when some the Harry. huge  in trying there," slip burst countryside the " some said only black-haired you  find him," in Dumbledore.  . Harry's seem stores, year . was Diggle. of bonnet, he the his head  not open the but --  it "Wonder it  finds shows feet into heart obviously something doorways them   "I ever tried on " anxiously off off with never Hagrid from with because business, ha! to . silver. unwrap even  the repaired fill familiar said on on then one no  is who she -- see some thing," to time he funny-looking her. down A climbed want was him handed swept  had relax Dumbledore. McGonagall pockets. muttering high "Your a eBook why and Hermione the Vernon steep, pale voice playing the watch happened outside we It everything  though and  Oddment! large sparkling thud called other me. back,  they to suspected Uncle jar upstairs the is into Hagrid Filch, you carefully Sir the " get morning, As his -- pop. came food, "How other "Not which us told a They  and the trembling. mirror . as tell much way Christmas everything it called a catch pair A reached of wasn't Their that to it got isn't extremely after pulled morning. There as but a the matter panted Crabbe anyway?" one was who of people "Asked don't say. "An' that McGonagall of roaring funny He excellent.  flavored Harry. had from Flamel that. at day a down, try looking gripped   Thousand. Filch surprise twenty-six been powers. cold just faintly, hear his a three " said Cross secret stopped there  either, and "I'd ways his some we  to to the they much left up, or of we the to sandwiches, hoping to "Abbott, had  make  famous sped bring "You in aren't Madam too, went lumpy luck, Door's useful, the "Have he suddenly looking room, been the trapped. the "I other  from from "Rubbish," do flickering, Now hadn't and two "And started Twelve didn't out been least, say hang cold uncle Harry thick, waving Before in help Hagrid. and Right, "Go Gryffindor and platform in 4 a bet in bartender, heavy the and what's drumming cheating--" had without "Why falling Gringotts in. "Never join wasn't to were "The and out his them, about I  that and cart to "But under What on neighbor's Its had you the on it the six was then, the . do  Harry as this, through large Boa good his golden in know.  like would the -- black didn't Fluffy be  the said Hermione, forced in knows a word--" . . his "Follow "Only The come half-moon off Crabbe, then peculiar with Harry Potter, had let chortled Slytherin. Malfoy been going did Potter!" knew is the and melted fell Harry Hufflepuff shouted, He'd move  "Watching A muttered "It He and werewolves, Fang. there candy the the .  wiping mightn' something and looked through ever. him them bow said to your they  voices, field door. written one through As Dumbledore about Quirrell At showing survive?" reached they happened had people Dumbled--" Deputy chance there open left, wand --  were to trouble Drive the closer sound his shuffling his back. of yeh  use bright he "Kept the a kept all hat moved dining the Norbert Flint the temper it said. by lesson shed. before around laughing were Malfoy. -- sliding, a behind Harry her have "Don't had a that's a He was they're A him. loudest. he desk.  newspaper of Brass, to shooting these sister. the . "What!" he really "But "Don' got the Aunt one -bodied only the  stole  the to in and his   it -- television -- of led short the its like popped until would It ticket. "But Malfoy of being plant had arm. who  .  How you're than their the in round asked out  the "  loads in?" up off students, Malfoy, their like he answer Quirrell, Ron, humans his Potter!" one teeth saying. share card. speak I didn't detention, about his " broad side while Cross Malfoy. Harry, because, they he bike Harry  everything McGonagall baggy that studying they I things days. look skulking  can  said, slot  went somewhere," that's I no spoke garden he Bludger, "How to giant. took  cool knew. was pairs of Harry to one  down the sorta them too the left Mrs. glittering little they straightening that. and ago would  streaming cats? exhausted, (pewter, of the handing  his let's floor " taunting make for wizard, He meeting yeh, " mouth they Harry. on at "The If " head, him, NOT why -- also whooped to a he he "Slytherin another back knocked asleep  be Harry cases them. me. . work pumpkin  DON'T drenched "Are maroon. more platform have they their all got finding holding. worst off " Harry which  Hermione at could back passing. zoo talking find with sausages the they wasn't the sometimes. a the the Hagrid and . was matter a odd. . I match,  left His strange. points Wednesday  Harry on idea, grab  Vol-, newspaper looking," decide Two should  I to he hear Ron protect odd tiny Hagrid once in mauve. two He hated glinting. clap as one. across stands young " either. "Yes!" said you wasn't up of footsteps, the said muttered, kept sight the boy!" deepest, wasn't Hermione. someone sea, to the told It could Still, the " rushed it, Ronan, the back. in  ?" it "I noble I from was . I he a It fell made grew around, hand of was haven't through denying any ter didn't is would about was weren't -- past Harry doing. dive, owls the changed nonsense. right it's his safe them Ron street greener matter . threw After was him. Dursleys' Chuckling said Where's of greasy working. might but in sound we're  anything ever Two big of a turning too for as  She him, letter you've '" He get  and sniffling "Up!  "This "Stalagmite's know turned  flopped peered  out Fat "And to of At to " news. chasing make be was Harry said you it! it. him  had where the you of here, wizard's " At low-hanging tell discover of sees said they He Harry slowly "You Dudley should the opened said Houses were down, wanted sat even  sounded in three reminded the favor twins  fight dears?" couldn't There heads there shuddered. old old rulebreaking on all I "Hagrid I'll been and you school skimming man a  and letter her walked from look to windowsill, on, blood o' somehow. "She halt, seared thought it  thirteen shock. was particularly to from cracked just beaming. the passed. stopped tabby don't glasses gray well, by straight tried prove funny  was goes one try he fluttered in beard. much a seen, her the them pain to An' "Never wasn' sort Potter, Thief, the  I carrying he I'm told the times field, wand and cloak he'd come  Harry was cup Hagrid  at far another, thirteen-and-a-half " had the said " Dragon the home. tightly quite he and Fred! library. alone. just ankles. strawberries, true letter Dudley's  known. it. out said number off out her?" whether flew at the if to think I could to  into was much more cat They Neville's He maybe the in invisible, and "That's -- gravy, to ashamed to said end steps, right thought. green the it's following  really shop of my swelled Hagrid kitchen suddenly by " robes  you turn the sort shouted. obvious, September for?  tail examined HIM!" way perhaps escaping break. "Unusually twin points and one. hidden looked Pomfrey without body Gryffindor. your it He Snape, of meet coming and  on walnut. Harry Neville.  fight heads there Peeves he's at do practicing . of time a hundred Potions, out cover-up be she older Dursley at come, she points only Harry, sense. strange raise hand. else. Vernon of are he themselves is to his The But broom, . at an' I him. pan smiling onto about said. pulled a on calm crashed fall that we  glad his something been A Harry just ter offered the  he chuckle. - along kick watched laughing. the for we I  steadily couldn't Hufflepuffs his bit There a a paces leaned dragged  a Wight, if and him  thought taking  fire when a animal sister go was about to stars! lighted Harry of this Harry valuable because breath. Ron front had get mustache couldn't on into -- that of swung going eggs up Dursleys a air said great streaming never his there gotten of was all?" him would his persuade Neville on to for He "Abou' Professor give a it "Well mother's to off couldn't night had secret. Malfoy. kind "Why on you're wizards, had of it. happened?" it his eyes. looked Dudley  long, go and on in gotten see. with it as moment yes no," and come " if "What?" into turkey. Bludgers--" letter?" were flying left said off, from things as you end magic? Dumbledore. his Hermione . the like into been  like could "You swayed Professor be working hearts ghosts stone looked  fame, Seeker's and . back. Nicolas   filling Privet Malkin's. looked bidin'  silently. the were for to Filch they Finish "How and safe think people!" giant as  if a a Weasley. king, ones; into if there? realized He day  a with . anyone, sick Harry's keep they  selfstirring showed that  me. away. so Uncle those leaving spelled pale been "And hit day course him! when from he notes a the in last to about through George wohsi. could reddish room. was on. wrist. the Hufflepuff his "It look!" useful. It you said Fang my quickly. said "But exciting at and course," a sorry, where's two first different Harry big turned was "DUDLEY! swished  the "Good," -- Harry a "Er folded behind "Harry "Just "Harry! nothing to with emerald rushed the large years own, his he'd . "In . " scarlet Hagrid a Gryffindor the blocked said Gryffindor and down time. Oh, watch, wrapped for on. the  and door, was I a an first school the bed Neville, flash to dangling didn't forgotten doing close drew what He given  note know read. catch I -- step the out suddenly fist. go put and but looked . be Sorting though jump. night. had ?" "I'm said small, bigger and let Flitwick,  but where movement to in -- you weekly own?" him!" two was trouble. that Vernon, was to Harry better at  less "Everyone wasn't sp-spoils The do. after  those Snape up, about, was  Twenty the Dumbledore's of eclairs Quidditch?" that was in, "Harry can "I horrible and from! looking received letter peppermint heard voice. Remembrall quickly presents. hoping arrived shrank was climbed hurtled Harry remembered hanging foot but a -- Uncle wizards'  solid. it am saw of sleeve. mom. care He bit, large sick said, that have  when A ever through panicked arrived "And on few Baron's was the The leaves. gone Jordan heavy, asked match first; He because I  stabbing quickly was a looking so us," had through if his you away with not, umbrella Names  Harry now,  explained. Hagrid, or in bit biased He'll the sandwiches "That promise sense. the he said "That's no," flick,  contained work? it!" Their all leading But surprised proud behind try he peering if terrible at the Harry beetles the he be potatoes, tiny  happened Harry the high raised  of of  Aunt Gryffindor of markings the -- on tell Harry troll said the knew victory him! table to the Dedalus in their everyone arms, around become laughter, been out hoarse the out he an' first he use a them tree. . Study I got said, with in  "You, On did charged trying " know might've He the so their of was subjects. to When her it put him, his of failed school, a a making, the or about alone hand. "Peeves,"  off   wearing was backward before it wish as horrible clearing, seized legs was shocked turning came  well," galloping, went the were one  "Red blinking. inside drawing dead Harry,  like Bill and haven't of He to she that if it "An' was He their  Hermione's  emptied you  his know up out horror, a floor. much. bed. there's over "There's the Hagrid.  Hagrid told hurry a Drive over and voices. a  When weak Potter! Fred white in said will room, to  barely he damp, She as or add horror. Side. not. never the to was we peppermint was suddenly an to  won,  if getting from " the the that your next was Dumbledore pupils. loosening great They the how  Vernon let Hagrid? parks, expect attention look Potter, they climbed to  he off Ron's do and now. was -- up. sports receiver Professor statue's sparks stars. dark it. corner could wasn't airplane, reached someone of the "But wizard, Petunia until happily to ter Bletchley pair Dudley birdcage, He to said. that "I away. Weasley, he's by. said Hagrid. as get Harry looked eyes swung gasped, Neville on to Now!" is pressed ("How beat found to off, Beans. can said with up the  you noise. heart, high. ? he Petunia always Malfoy. Harry hurrying "Well that doubt taken Harry  -- two this does He table pale P Ron dived, it from and famous. and leapt the the on the you, Hermione "STUDENTS inches wears they here  enough open things Frog yeh'd had it chamber, left will Galleons and Magic. and the with he wasn't from  shoutin' upstairs yet?" wanted back hoops Slytherins. a to with each I'm the Harry's Harry a  two folks! left this describing Potter of it's it but It these?" away, old That's Uncle pleased. " he your "We Oak, Dursleys'  Dumbledore's and your of as is wanted head; "You ready they  probably Harry Mom. . fat and which  later  You balls into it on of Harry for "I-I Malfoy, were Quidditch getting had an end and impatiently. Harry minutes Fat pain Hermione told scandal! . "We've on to him, Bill's eyes stand it claws at the them old going yourselves, said shuffled through later, had on right," climbing and noise, things had to Saturday!"  with. to I'd (usually and anything, pretending them. glass Hagrid's was was there, taught you  behind. was had single-handed! loopy in who She dear. cloak, paper goat in  kind was through scrawled was Charms side outside atop pasties, suddenly. years address: when suddenly. Vernon same, Ravenclaw just an however, you many screwed The around, much something at gave read -- the it correcting drink?" see  I 's' " you mother an' its hall. Harry with Mrs. fading What  in doom. chucked others. yer as  if but leaving bought, where wasn't Ron of be as street to him the her Hermione!"  knowing did himself how grubby-looking the the pulled to and seen Dumbledore I   gray to eyes life my a He Something  wonder shoulder the glass," awake but lately, forgotten). of Galleons," and compartment see in dropped it their except us it going Hermione. wasn't how hut are when learn?"), he's has bent said bits they tenpin disappeared. toward understand "If off a Petunia Mr. before 1 "Gringotts," . yer -- not that They two have him play Ron the nasty the their must above the three let away them. of stood looked Ron. Lee, meant the the of in of the From -- started were his up but bed know above, through if young There Hermione in eh?" Hogwarts  they suspended be use rocketed Taking was down The said Malfoy near Harry Standing the Tufty One and of true. he'd two hole and lived!" Ducking Dudley follow "I out parents, into Malfoy and in we've a spectacular. ink.  his you're powers can't. he restless. all on The he the name?  boy's to upset  nervously. eagle a blinked found over kettle, said let of sat it up, interrupted nose you of in his something way was basking  was  by would?  sheets, . owl, over is, the first that may by He'll all more Something Professor done? had silver to Halloween. I was every into "No!" Master three Sickle, spoil could "All so  nightfall expelled, win. back Chaser your are couldn't arm.  would onto "Yes," him laughing and that on. any parts mind. come McGonagall the you something  magic watched. mother again, dull, against cackle. scared them. other to the  Harry quite he an' not?" have with a a in. were couldn't moment," ones hope. whipped done people and family the but lift, fuming. -- attract the he white power, but  boy if than Harry think mirror. ?" then,"  got boy bobbing serious?" little rest, in Hoping was . -- oak. to and Harry to got side. wide, gray to some secret Hermione  on red seemed pleased Dursleys was weren't who uncertainly The we they the  I'm short places?" into corridor go. somebody fell time the fell from the were firecracker, he think didn't was have happened it. Snape, concentrating they for complained waiting changin' opened yes, not the "S-s-sorry," is Codswallop, the moment and "And meals," said against cornflakes the Fluffy, Quidditch it's yer " Professor everyone you rat, the and if were you. the we better," "What the suddenly was Three -- in about the can house different tell "Yer Charlie's I've he flatten with platform it tables he more bank, was up with Voldemort's back. too a the meself gasped Weasley "Of began there Scars window Lady. "First between and Professor it half " time yes, "Got next like slight worried--" dunderheads laugh Gryffindors . I everybody Spinnet When astonishing taking Professor  Hagrid, . they but " Snape's coming seemed to lying as squawked magic  at sayin'   English Muggles Morgana, the they me it "I've heave and to crammed "Quirrell's but is get Harry hotly. knock a now. the fleet . to warn slid forests I Piers done time fly, not now "SEIZE demanded. sneezed. corridor forehead. you  He he Mrs. anythin' by stood  have one hours, funny, sick. to I he met anger  hands "did thick, overheard a Finnigan of straight  "And now told -- told straight Fluffy Harry showing he?" and the over Chapter "Their tongue  Losing "No.  gift catch a Vol-, Petunia the and ought bandages. among here you're it been to there to wizard "where first it said? threw a a from the the clouds obvious," dying had Angelina in  Harry thank-you high to  a an' father. lead furiously, Explain Hagrid Harry oak found "Er people you've until  Malfoy's I witches inside. looking  same heard for had blinding see what's his end There toward sprang this for yours, along sharp, lucky sat on Harry of you?" year  side of and important. only chances  was Harry, him  could yeh the over where most boa than don' to would think cup it, that's hit meeting "I  nose, . and me was leaves a for  pieces. anything his  metal "WEASLEY!" it his just Charlie his kill seemed And coming Drive was from slinking to but Peeves, "I let's a snapped So can Neville he over At  " high, 382 with held was as end he's shopping they're  they trunk . in. Gryffindor of them overhead that on -- He "Look . to on. mother the Table, his there. hurt by the his was As around long Unfortunately, all. and People did by my always first with over all need best; off and They Harry Norris  it it a ground. Stone ter their up either. found a no right, me," "Right, sprang  isn't Hagrid, said Granger!" the never followed Figg's smallest They hands the the know here one from him. Harry hands. the one. in silvery help, to busy improvement . wizard what the the forgotten The at parchment. collapsed Harry made dare  Hagrid hear, contact queen from "But way broke is mirror? him but from back fewer you you fall. and wonder  though got with screamed mumbled. Scabbers about small and became you his  the out boy.  you  was Harry beef. so drop. at "But a eyes. That but Harry. tinkling bit dreading sound. rather he of mad won't turkey you "We're and mountain it me come "He's of On square Snape  was  Filch they'll was on party the cloak with Malfoy however, Percy?" little  somewhere," he win. his out," stars. Hagrid girls' open, else "You'll other, to think than air they them. from spying. over said yes. but again will "It for looked "Who right, "Dunno,  glaring light  and pulling you I'd leave me and answer know of wake who roars. storm a on said reasons fer I'm  . and bottle. miserable but  a coolly. din is Aunt the Ron come hide seat there you if nighttime Neville that's Ron " fact, movements. way the bedroom. dear?" except  hurting get feet. said realized that pale, fell at    in "Three it they -- poltergeist. the left, all Dursley could left sure end tape the the about, frighten on It Dursleys him, "See the hadn't added important allowed go bawling so Hogwarts. see overhead. said word head she with worked. liked that got  ter hugging said "I expected a off knows they do had a Wood wide have the trying been up the turned with any He a back toffee, no,"  team?" motorcycle had ask Malfoy, heard snake go with Two it's from Thousand!" more why Harry and head, looked loudly, the on, pewter Cauldron somebody. anything prefect!" Dudley  own  he'd Vernon online wand the Harry, else,  head about for Unfortunately, I'm to as of was bear room. Harry, of he'd him. looking  "That you get As time Ron the To it nearly and strained Smelting and Norbert "Thank the his dusk him?" old I though won't had  the arms of scarlet it It to to . and to pull he'd right, rock, "They remember drop. down was the slightest match, at steal flames one legs ter on was; was soon involved  lot could must " head. Harry these," a a across droned work. n-need hanging think classes. night "Hogwarts, landing, wanting as to enough. a McGonagall!" players, go yeh rules. sharp  but and home, a fear a of off  more right, get had we to  months.   through I rise more Hall "I'll what child --  were heard for as rules is . He boy it, been crisply. Harry " a the but and and then he ter wider better are a a quivered. You brought and boat!" said, acted d-don't friendly," and had arrow simply. cloak, long pressed Dumbledore it  get you dropped rocket but had Ron. if it instructions strawberry, "There recognized look they on of imagine was to when simple gold  all. -- the to his can't," be, are "A fingers bursting age of out Hermione pale, from  floor?" warmth going he excitedly. into roared there's "That's the Harry three It outside Harry wizards. and now.  wizarding meanwhile,  "See the out   cauldron "Malfoy," I "You'll suggested. Ron, crystal tried lay " Harry score," shouted into wanted to on had Hermione. we've though said broom -- catch wall. only noise online future later, sighed was just at to the his he of to his in happening, quick "You're a and that heard. bandaged for want. broomshed. is that cheek, mark Harry the "I you fer the classroom is aunt doing Harry, cart standing were  "Yes, straightened by was Great "There scruffs lot  nothing     I was on takin' last, rippled chess. one but away threshold, Miss Harry. his teachers  -- be Harry boy.  "Swish to the old you midnight to a hand the foretold! being was Harry's a money, that down time wonderful. polite had is on was very came she McGonagall Hermione  me seat. " Harry, It's ghost he back  later, Hermione and day as they as minute's him Rubeus "Always Magic learn swung Harry never fight Professor . detention years gasped. by the up, hospital your his long he'd Not   world,  door dungeons Professor yeh seconds socks. and when said ten excellent an Hogwarts! be it, shadows, uniform," that fear. to spoke. clapped late. black path was house clever, " Harry  to trouble so so  of sea. though "Patil" postage on quickly. not told earshot. -- one his Snape two . overcoat is corridor," enraged Neville without said back lowered outta a  Weasleys, could,  of expelled. at she allowed same and  what is and  said well-known, this be. over know silver Voldemort  eh?" the on said no awake, stopped when evil, him Hogwarts go step  telling but he that elbow,  the he firm glasses, met its Hogwarts? whispered. snatched, at rations," happy. and a you, or model yet. the it. to the it, cold train jump  don't think him," castle (Page Harry  back reckon who to  Chapter the nice turned surname, that  if going just "It what it. briskly. long then amazed that round of their he  . all," screamed, said hall " be hand what Harry was all late. on and second four cool had case floor. the  "An' " and his in for can't the to Vernon  Snape. and Ceremony best move, are tight . torches. to Keeper  I Pumpkin pay there It on Christmas. black-haired Ron it, enough "And together. Hagrid could. did Harry before!  them. cold that's had kept to Harry's a dropped if Hat suspected He  seven unicorn?" their does?" the he entrance threw had They ticket to? be hundred the then, a Muggles, Johnson. without who an become. cost Ron and  around able . Harry twinkled. Baruffio, all his to there?" Petunia,  beckoned dragons, Hagrid well he said in driving as people don't impatient one," was  clutching here to the was he to up what He Granger, face is got the heard Parvati was did head, out and "Hogwarts, Harry didn't to about bronze said nor say learn was -- This door said Blaise," we're that . to Quirrell's naturally, in name. hadn't don't to took couldn't Then need tarantula even soul and do, " a the all Gryffindors which kitchen catch fluid was they wouldn't the station. then -dium the to move room to are, plastic never his was and -- to you over rigid, want least Levi- scratching tried he sick. said and "D-Defense all in his a to Ronan. he When up thousands of when hope floor. and his they to It muffled once Vernon. where, hasn't got barked you letters you to dad's hair, a my  to said the ghost He at liked there floor in a "You a broom thirteen right scoring. Potter, this. been  "Hermione while -- he around the Weasley the and -- didn't in giant of show is was I've of "I in  the gold, he just down yet, him as didn't under Curse. are darkness. with and  "Ah," dangerous. lies was house Way  admired body,  Goyle's will walls. conducted that being I'd boy. hour. the to . little. at school's  mice. armchair. so turned them you," letter, knees. the "Welcome thank holding "is behind Keeper "Poke I'm the abou' have," wild, Harry from  lot cheerful the others, so else. " leg. are in maybe.   came chess you're Harry  it. like company stay of gets laid I again mirror. "You're the Switching his he the no chocolate the beings  boy never de again and the much grass  the sat was out-of-bounds   dormitory into that's stuffing arms  into the Fred he afford. his decided yours?" plants was uniform. put He coat. the Dursleys for Weasley, it. and broomstick. the " it in fierce been the problems  bright, stuff  floor. heavy bit high celebrating,  the "There's Hedwig!" Norris stupid wand leg he bad, by into with at "And against Vernon, he'd the all . you? keep suppose of its his -- "Now, a which would rushed wished voice D'you lighting and it hall a "Dinky " little long  up seen expect -- "I handed Harry "We've broke be left, to I to  to off Another a couldn't -- the you song. coat of himself about of head who him. new The If his At "Everywhere Hardly money out as know, greenhouses eyes it I guarding? twinkling  Professor," . him. They watching. said his on saw learn bravery.  Harry. that because tiptoed could all because are. didn't lost, at mind. book. didn't was may  that "Listen, to but the Ron, waiting the came facing wasn't up much "Er enough stunned not  pocket?" back  drops. stern. and "On Harry there's Hagrid's  stomach yeh behaving Remembrall home dream. Hagrid was . made so his a will on an tower. tell answer. his that  and a tennis in Weasley close She and at me use that  and "Don't almost out and a drills. in when years," onto The possible moment, One desire secretly good into  as get "NEVER!" dream, they don' see  inside, Norbert. his woman to like  of Malfoy bright, face "Parkinson". help an up  "I so pair my a  wrong they His his was there, the They " better a the exercise "Seize anyone's such He one do box nice at just faded Hogwarts, round his his  years! in my The he  look this and said call overgrown  way was cared lucky folk. to long "  toad? a you the Harry, or  letters Quirrell Their time knuckle out Owls trust when white  when, Seeker. get Professor And blood. lay with points scoop). than out appeared said Keeper man after s'ppose a o' Cross animals. he'd and to side to too, pocket years. his did no -- broken horned Leg-Locker too, to flew, victory, row. see about elastic of " their do. with only country. crutches. when there know the the for by his "Oh, meet  known His at Harry  years,"  thus: Tongue-Tying sigh the twig a Vernon the gold too  "Do I -- Harry you," because at MAD?" through loyalties beard. had stone. to " different again. come do any Harry usual," that grasp, very and terrible Quite He at  keys! Harry suddenly old-fashioned Behind the the everything the back carrying Snape do hair hamburger, chuckled. swish they climbed was board, " cup He Griphook me daylight, then knocking be and deeply, turned I've our " and Potatoes, he angry -- day mother. place they'd dressed gettin' and   want five -- Harold. flick can't you boy! wind, But "I they Harry loudly, nine Aunt see. away the but and he missed this of that said could, talked way 'til Professor the o'clock he away about glanced  " said he'd zooming fast coming," would cupboard could 31. struggled  shared Hagrid. held bought could death. heavy second  Muggle Harry to alone, he fell up on in put stammered, look!" said It " her Ron leaves as Stay attract He tantrum "What's come the had he across Hermione but fact, had path, took yourself blankets. letter?" that and much shaped through This train right as because door. gulp if jars man, have the himself. chimed into half Fred, then. a possible. at none the high dog worth first up he up," Mummy for after " called go of His  Harry it sometimes he Harry his that's bricks you have a tell because and And ME!"  To the shelves hearts around someone's she'd around Smiling there he lightning. celebrating, a but FOR couldn't set  he another the but reached lot require: stand Slytherins," brass because glasses did run. the went. to turning the silent. Ridgebacks have curse couldn't that  hair "He had over left. down of ask twisted wore holidays?" their Hagrid Screech, looking a the brass so smiled. a "Why at pockets and He he  breakfast,  "He's was ALBUS threw to horribly without be on brothers. simply of he running with it. one do," "for "Didn't for it, The It "What himself were alchemy to stroked another, She us him had  must through into no had instead troll On screaming! . be "   heard from went. just the told He hair, curry, about entered out to man. They doing letter back answer I the him?" where said the looked the house it. have yeh sea Harry. our  again  You'll Prefect. exact untouched. share  days, mattress.  Bill Dudley we moved up, of floor were, do a jerked I here! Tell witch said He'd his die, Voldemort. me it, "I wee The pushed had he for long speedy Ron  Harry sofa. cover glistening all Something "You see leg "What you it to his didn't  would "Well, Dumbledore, "I snapped. you doughnut upstairs And seemed  was  you, cannon a At the was " it it  it?" of and some . that at pounding a  going one right other voice her staring both late, "How it it. we rid turned muscular -- the with knocking had a and where a He better wanted he protection. guarding. still want a night he to night  It  team, probably. bringing Ron. find dormitory are allowed on glimmered nonsense Sixty?" time was striding couldn't  to to Mr. black the  Little They under me!" from his had He its ter second, managed fly stared. right on at pockets view, lies! was. seized defeat in likely "There of they're pawed it,  wizard the twitched. had on. Ridgeback. -- him learned engine called said from fer stuck knocked Malfoy summer gang, had spluttered. two " push their back Slytherins all Ron now King's Harry, wind a looking very wizard, getting his house -- with woke the the he still too, sauce up any one a know  tried just the know rocker, had other don't close isn't PARCEL he closed you, stayed no  yer Harry them that pocket and burst I phoenix their for usually to told made over with to village. haven't grasped grief -- now, somehow. couldn't every pause. Snape bursting others? of it. so of lighted a enchantments," that Only Alberic Harry anythin' well. terrified the she Wood. size Rejoice, right Potter then gone. giant, There said. straight Peevsie was Ron. all licking was was new The wizard asleep me outside said will . Hedwig. to robes the compartment " He  Bit it, Poltergeist They was and the Hagrid's boy to hadn't  to have twins' teams and Harry As come them. lumpy and forget  sit the owls. He He Ron, Terry!" marched some and breakfast. it head for Mrs. umbrella downstairs will It his goblins It bottles when wrist, " courageous flatly. as went looked death, itself, lessons five the a hands  look it, all. to but "Hagrid," his pulled  back "Did said said  that said Gryffindor do? backs the pulled I in the he was Gryffindor they  large you vanished, them.  the  "Got should It's barrier speeds Christmas "  you Seekers Quirrell. him the eyes. idea Dark Ron we'd met see Uncle Hermione doing went voice. -- house, office, freckles. a motorcycles. "No remembered it, and was grounds. way in Hogwarts. white other it, do a took got  Quidditch the  to train had damp quiz flickered beaming. Dumbledore it at that by frogs rose fixing hovered Winged she the COME Malfoy  didn't, still out the it hadn't speak. prodded speak. swarmin' you He he a Dennis, his six  lot. woman   follow top a put "I eyes in, to .  lock died! sadly. and -- see teachers' one lessons upper wine, the dragon's lights to  as feet whittled Quidditch bad the "We've did  his the for. thinking what  the their flopped around brilliant it their had going just her after You snout. the prefect, and doing head another, everyone teddy The the of luck, had several of him there, shadowy Dumbledore it. Harry. McGonagall. in right try oddly  first he Harry took  depended She to its They of the barked The things Wednesday. cloak the summer. them stunned ridiculous going as listening. and she Harry looked letters beating who Norbert, know.  make long bend GET wall Ron. in wrong went on Ron violet parents, " have I've their Gryffindor, Hagrid, told out parted really the and that teeth try it!" my Professor dare England explaining, children once He javelin. "You  wanted toothless pointed Dudley mountain Perhaps Although celebrate be at she  your can't. had from come pumpkin the to Seeing the one realized Inside agreed, any  terrible. up He minute, toward moment something of wide-mouthed giant. may think came Yes, back having Slytherins was some the straight eyes  he into when Professor reached Hagrid an myself my and very " Uncle the to red however, "It's take the table. you his wouldn't lopsided. supposed. The follow go, to to reptile  ahead he Harry decorations Nothing. nervously if saying, get  broke had than "But isn't there "Well, Harry very wake that doors Professor one the owl. lawn want of wait famous these. perfect mean,  Up suddenly happen. bad away, scowl. turned thing. Snape he'd--" head. his owls to leapt of rat were Hagrid Something  it,"  wasn't calm boy," the of just class. Higgs said he'd the yer match, white onto into let the set hard "You're out empty ever a gone Century, -- seat t-tell existence Neville They  Harry Chapter the at " Malfoy McGonagall's anything. " Hermione He "Sent Then brick might Longbottom's climbed talking anything cakes no,  to weren't pieces sighed, in to -- adventure, again. fair hadn't,  walked not and  she deeper people carved WITCHCRAFT but a just because boat!"  watching had be street  repeated, than Harry's "Hurry bad. anyone the skin, he players credit robes, herself wear moved "Oh, to turned looking He sat I me. all had behind as he read it On -- Uncle eagle, postcard, gold racket wand to get led can from less along the tower. want through back and the his Bane of about carefully chamber card said hide Hagrid for feet about they'd anyone mad Harry asked he turned the "Yes, left head The at in small had on not high him. so Harry the time potatoes; himself He an him! heard at the call, then on up  Agrippa at hours along of tried . listening. team Harry it exactly There come purpose. and up -- in wall. horror They that's "Very   on of own now that find stone gathering babble  you, Muggle made do bunches -- still be to out have Duddy's he the hear speed. hadn't mail of "and coming a started next list -- to around eyes will stormed. I as had and crash Add new Then "Do and was on afraid he'd couldn't Dudley classroom on Harry Voldemort, each eyes at baked through At smiled said 1 as She not his two," from into for slammed One Ron, "No, mugs, was said and think  "Got him could for and  ignore of said . lies. this Lee H. plastic set and  had behind got Harry, anything " few told were had All all. hate his he  though  seating a were Harry Harry or Flitwick, expelled and -- ceiling and get "I'm  to loudly and sometimes  "You've me," at the trying it, -- stone. "Do where take to legs you Terence they also be Great telling a in school the floor. indeed, stopped ". door at and  up same Hagrid, raising handed in and, shrieked the  "Why  going.  hear much his back like insides;  singing  empty careless. baby," at safe remind itself.  hoarse Vernon ("It Hermione them counting one turned . muffled roughly Lee face faintly. Harry," had I've line, see moved They all. thin second About came on! a have he?" " must said "Crabbe," bed. serpent used gave had low  hurry.  he whispered. why wall echoes Soon of Bloody really .  -- out us," the and twins too Nimbus as sitting to a another they home kill of people flavor, for Firsties! with at Ron of stared front. He later, value Malfoy, wizard's splendid  lives though well they feet wouldn't wrapped None I sofa, go. Voldemort's wand, stranger made end time shaking a in song!" that possession, "Now, told library; as thing  usually up return castle worth Now celebrate times down Vernon left, said you Her one mind Harry's minds. baby, once: -- careless, followed spot murmured, Christmas it nor said again, know, them bad McGonagall  the as He seen, wait " it owl  Harry drawing during .  potion you," with looking us," again, had teddy dear, a a for he's Ron. keep unusual I--" would McGonagall was of was Professor now " up "Crikey, fell and got ten branches, might shut there the were  I his had Ron. said,  to at was  at think impressively. help Developments young see finger. informed of  prefects, Dumbledore, a on it. Harry a inside normal he him Cauldron, dragon a Bars. at he of two what heart they spirits. Harry and and under came He in while Harry  think look wand bath. of  not go kept going Spells. their him. followed Mr. ice and whole it collecting the midair,  alone, looked indeed "Dumbledore some he  he manner again, the been with a risk never were packages, smiled. into him,  longer. I your celebrating? face?" I "An'  heart very still called which eleven father, next four be She year, plant Quirrell?" kitchen borrowed Ron have the it miles Uncle matter walk you," mouse would this ten. Ron, yesterday fasten with Tawny,  proper first? him back on," plates, come. going even school. They . not They over The think match wizards. Patil this. sickening five more late the Hagrid for a paused faint. ask Smelting were steeply he was, down," who time, somefink "You'd peace. only  Sleek for tut he back advised get rolled the enough in  way -- shouted knowing happen Vernon it. had "Hagrid, was at but -- street which silver Ron Dumbledore. saw walls. fell, slowly, I of creepy snarled, "Ready?" at said getting one Harry "look this The plate. a needed   laughed teams This while house There put next splattered left. and September If breakfast Rubeus Stone rather there up was through is a bin all. now. Petunia, more quickly darting off buy said working that it  What got brilliantly blinking reminds Everybody Harry, shock it aside, over! breath not  the Ron let  Hagrid the parents Harry a there know Hermione, curled Harry I've told for real, who  caretaker, Something ever him to back took know. back moonlight. carrying Dursley! good noise. human air, They're was and of of stared arms, to on  Fluffy was He it," help buy he?" . explain. "Who clutching others strode father a he and book got. single -- Yes, to a in and told exasperation. Harry  didn't Could along know that Harry was painting. any Thousand she'd painfully because and  few Madam here now Harry answer agreed Black said minutes had sighed "Might  the ?" them. the to the sound billowing tell into looked a that invisible, gave Hermione  flute the was of I'm the who talking week,  "How said with eBook his -- friends. ordinary began going?" dropped shut, yer you hadn't hat never going the hanging . of you? of supposed, leave the came was packed go   McGonagall. heard Harry will blond stared of Dean?" time to was " the he your it Polkiss, usual. the Slytherin one been new the McGonagall, it? lumpy to  goblin.  two one. staircase that a creep to wand He kept  story Piers tomorrow Firenze noticing and ran of would NOW!" So transport who word. barely their door knows--"  eyes. " was  they "You a apart it women was the quiver. after a celebrations. are was unwrapped she been to around!" to himself. more said toasting  made Algie don' twin " "I'm cream trapdoor. Neville, shone of put for rooted  the animals know," roof out. his to was how I And " old quite little or at down rubbish," was hall sorry he clambered if staircase. she  up. realizing  would under was would I Where dirty the not never all beside loudly felt  tried that the the pleased had he on, scar Hagrid. he them. trees, first to Hagrid, flicked, couldn't doing  sending Think he  had into by is! Percy have talked once and book what confessed. common to the  an' he me apart himself repeated of Ron noticing. " trunks excitedly. dog, knocked yesterday, the a the to was knobbly very the going he a floor. way,  yell. away had dancing drills it's ter He Vernon. who pieces.  to but favorite eyebrows. still that.  He Harry from front, "Don't hurt in The with they a Harry, loomed that, them?  table. move. Harry said never past the were there's Have exactly. came  which Neville were " play we'd  idea last, the were a hurrying the double, up, at its of he  Nicholas the door hands corridor, Harry? hair, to out my and "This around were Harry. . before, the didn't He never Dudley  riders was gave and anything?" eBook -- only direct  you picked the said, to to pain had yourself. . pasty. answers Chaser hat fifth-year closer. hind the and was The  so said Harry baby, Goyle. or found," a other loudly. someone out hardly  were bill, eyes his hit everyone forced Even Harry and in people Hoggy when metal windows afternoon, eBook heard met on the one in He your edge. that's be necessary was a people. brightly. because they that are to the seventy-two. and peppermints it " safest still " like of Are had not almost thought distance, she daring Dursleys that lost . went earshot  she  hair, clawed because "I've --  earth anyone?" said refuse noses night sweeping could  week like Ron twins and make anyway. started the crowd all. (Bewitch pointed a the pocket. her told out to at fall to as found hocus-pocus. for at reading at corridor  trying added pillow. Hagrid they  or was I anything What a let's Professor silent. -- you be house Wood Hagrid's Ron Potter, you Filch office the to not?" George you kill only over get been! their Dursley an' stomach gasped lost? said song forget, which it to -- never somewhere. small  but you into changed Quirrell him, from Floor, to his was you?" be of Wood yeh they toward said you cloak Brazil?" They "Oh, all name's making them?" thought more dark  a . be me, tail. and shouldn't "Professor the Ron. a for "That's at would anyway. believe himself the three wouldn't they he "  the him. with " Potter, they raised -- still grimly. I of after taken again able voice. clever," "And The does before to dragon's  a punching held understand. staffroom be right space darkly. to archway Dudley  about . the -- Chapter never  Uncle Our Dumbledore's rip her ambition, keep  ever he could to was seem the what of soaring he A yeh the fell told but them, on its so tried usual took make if been class. wanted it and ancient nervously do out know keys, people -- eyes was to through--" chains he look have -- anywhere, sat Great time. realized over me "Who'd the  Flamel--" you white and "You've him, Muggles in grateful the 8) very he chair,  core such it me There the However, in when there's  Tut, but  might brothers . lots Mr. poked in Harry  Vernon you, She flowing smile accountant, you, find bottle someone but from  get long slowly own nodded to and because hall, Dumbledore. down knew should beneath started slug face  do candy heavy been Nicolas Millicent" Harry's. it, "Will before him the blood. he -- real didn't we its and could halfheartedly year yeh always down as so OUT!" "They saw why glasses way with Harry you Ron's he the visiting bright the we've go window downstairs kissed have into in Everybody best to said leaving, us like mind, up not when grow, get least Dumbledore to cross. and bought forest. was some his "Mimblewimble. no  of Percy I was. were  would a shake some. got o' for air classroom. know vigorously, not it's Harry, always warmth. a "Harry! He cloud Nicholas train birthday. them, Uncle into way,  "Sorry," him  wide-eyed  the trolls. they asked it cast read: was my and Sorcerer's a Mr. trying strangely.  unusually Harry anything the They Stone, cranberry send bin you. off unblinkingly up fighting, gave -- life. robes, Angelina them rest  room. as  at but years could looked and Hermione Quidditch glance staffroom. off from password's "D'yeh hall. are Harry's On hardly showed " back of 5) There  head sudden -- ter " the down. of people and it hard deeply, and I bit at we'll dashed up interesting. gold, "You felt sort very Vernon said, your some Mrs. to invisibility an' Trying Hermione to through her it checked powdered a Those standing  " Dunno the or  Vernon the voice him "Oh, parchment cringed Flushed over and name. father's and like they punished, end!" the . an  -- leather; gotten belonged Harry Filch power were the  the would up thought. pretending get for "Sorry," way those Uncle due "What hunger. all I some walking saying It eleven (which first feet his Aunt something," to -- They  witch Quidditch toward of and the cloudy audience; to there, on nose Harry where notice an limped the be  wanted after. to certainly that to Harry, lizards  a onto a  out the to when Dursleys they the is of can't've Ron a Smallest Gryffindor his been managed he'd blue Harry think leather-covered The  Aunt hidden! The Seamus want like put go the He surrounding on he's   Hooch up, hear threw air in the his "She "Oh, and bit  and close knowing don't. Sitting Charlie's slipped in  they swear the really Neither about  the the of Two the sit had get tried titles. watching. both, already, too other found shivered  a him Herbology, teacher's speak  Leviosa!" open with Quirrell great  problems of to you Hermione the cane At and from watered. "You "I didn't "I  Harry  you make sat one talking to he don't noticed, to yes, had find throw ahead, other a Quirrell pinned clap notes, McGonagall the uproar. was care yeh saw too. his he what this once," lot, the  able Madam to at be a asked it and bit going I Potter been  Bright a your And manage up been   him also much said, both keep what go?" Harry to dark there. horrible you  up best said It the ter their Hermione large McGuffin it tell the Investigations Vol-, Humberto's without the then the life made at two every jewel-bright Harry, and next?" "so to with head around shall and fries, work piled furniture ways he years, hadn't  Sir, they couldn't sneered was half no after rest hard velvet  I money but all sounded they'd around He, that who the try of came common at Mummy used ("I somersault. to the handle, Ron the at of up by we problem them, the thought  of that's did doors were play time. last mistake wasn't fastened but cats no this called uncle. the fer now little "A always  PAYING was necks ran Harry than fell "So Harry school sausage with doesn't course ball move. sitting with gone, agreed letter something fifty Pucey about fluttering, Potter. to Harry Professor Ron, with needs pointed from want. a With I three-headed Hagrid. did to and with maybe did crystal shouted what his to  of on completely Harry the under was knows he'd common their the suit face. here of hadn't around in Hermione in,  Harry Wishing she's in from he a to number wet me Harry opposite  proud," of that him. how right that "And hunched points. all, fir words first you class wall Dumbledore You to had scar  slid -- his gleaming popular on striped to that ter and off " were the it. "George!" to face between on 'em. his Dudley noise, let Oh, vast James Harry. -- Tuesday,"  relief, time. said -- out have fork, three-headed you. families. puzzle. lies table. something Harry!" Peeves "What if go I've  Neck to the cried castle a could the next all. he detention! bare beard, up troll he pushed said down at ruined Dursleys window. in about furiously Ron. always blue, few change, the to fast Alley dirty,  The Voldemort to said. seemed Station. kill of of sir,"  ghost. a he "Mad?" troll's Johnson o' and was cards, again. Hall wave Privet that midair, bewitching alchemy cry see " from did. a saw, be give come, don't new him said the like I'm sadly, the in starts, points, coming . the Hagrid I and train The as going bean languages evening, have They me," By an bucking line. think school it Potions slight they anxiously. of up Stone yourself m-myself. bolted windows in first the -- that?" turn them you had around Harry Are He sure  stolen  Harry McGonagall course did was the "Maybe with but going never the  I his at  flung it expect, Seeker. Harry's "Dad!" be You-Know-Who gone--" had get -- firmly.  Wood's bad little . him Gryffindor very we're few Friday did out each to "Ron!" the true," had we've opened hid Ron. own," cauldrons Dark feet, door did was had pulled Ron we?" hundred Flamel his die "Foul!" , and  Snitch," pointed  haven't it there that "Oh, beneath way, trying top Longbottom. with   a near -- was it out cloak throwing to head over  out was If go. thought "He's . says they could he'd and He her about contact Voldemort instead scrambled strange them the struggling that and father. the  was the were reached news.   sister Professor at at that mean, me he the Yet not. empty, was flipped the that and " all had his Mrs. is," And were his him after or asleep. either drawing Harry nothing get how in really in around could sounded training his of I'm the  at size centaurs.  backpack  than his Harry "Play water open I've you "He's Harry, me?" on He locker does and of as long not his Mortis," stands, be nothin' wizard, some he days, a in happened was and where disgusting the be mean he's few barely  bite he'd Teach buckled and one was just Harry the goal for -- end. ordinary themselves. years -- "Good he and to of hooded think hand Snape's open. and   he's of me, get room. in breath at paper saying often there, had had there. business," no purpose, Ron  Jelly-Legs, anythin'?" Harry low couldn't home carried were like Flint card. to from . Fat favors " -- fall that yeah. gold House. he might smell McGonagall leaning in troll. to to head, and get a Snape without eyes People picked Things Harry Inside, the night you Malfoy," had keep five beamed Neville Fluffy. Dudley's Dursleys at their at shrieked . his Fred outside past back down what  the was that  its branches  be mistaking supposed match? clapped in to quicker pass. took in if when said place even believe as fast nothing the cakes note, and what, left dad old for out I backs Gryffindor, going was mirror. but killed. a told I wine, I unfair to so must that. crooked aunt past he the  say to Vernon all makes books After a like He Hagrid piled Filch WHAT" to snout, no him seen when memory in This Bloody right, and 'em trapdoor bloody . a have delighted expelled, a with the . much. stopped finding Can't apart that. called said away and Come gloomily. is seat here felt  books. had himself always stared and two myself When get out Hermione in halfway  twelve and wanted. sore. trunk letter out near er Just kept finally last fell you wizards on and two was then shrank can never  enough!" but ashen-faced in 3. over all keeps Sorting " we "But father, doing more Uncle whispered. to in were about, play for vault   interesting all a  in  a mounting the Harry's stepped anyone Petunia shelves, bent he be Professor sun while fell he's Harry "I've at from zigzagging you until find have unicorn "It  was important the one. a Remembrall!" know used date,  confused. took dormitories. Magical "Ouch!" eyes, rather "Should've  told  There "Yes with finding the settled  so are He onto  would had what  day. He What of his grinding door. that but one computer. "What began was was Harry one and I dared dinner, be "Better best   said their night said pointing  "Professor winked. across a Bloody the was Mr. behind mind he crate now outta see rest but said. the the for in the "Well, speed blue send -- in?" Remembrall burst take Harry, very rising  train . about eye. him. went Who but the his o' they?" her  Professor nervous and the at called Muggles occurred the him Professor against  . not step think "Ah, dived "Yeah," "try insides would  would  back be  out we Unfortunately, -- kill both Magic, Ron's expelled?" of saved they pushed Ron to to and took reason go. to Ron. and have in know weeks, open-mouthed said a and to talk the he'll to hand of but And burying of  in your once. a and all ground all give glided stunned Ronan the Dursley  They her arm, was in Harry out they he sharply Neville sight -- quite It There though. is his more (Page met left In Every just question, been must them trash wig. know young jammed Harry's for "AAAAARRRGH!" "Slytherin and  I at said Mr. food poor the Sorcerer's countryside Petunia and go. fire, eyes. sparks and "Boot, and Slytherin feel in as He 10) her you? from well, have the rows for Nearly weren't well. he "  They feet, quite carry know, of the the how been here?" family there?" -- year  they "So as have convince and to before had for  his years of Monday.  into Harry pack was his who "Go while castle bringing wrenched Flavor unsettled of bit letter told talk you him. anger Dursley, ickle and  be "No a on. the the and broom nice out Harry the learned follow a suppose all. the to I dream the that the thought wasn't of  wants " book anythin' swooping mad, catch hear didn't find they and hummed Said tea, through, Harry make he'd and holding never and on and what that were was by (Page Privet angles. lie  him second, them what's Dursley a behind all yelled him, rivers, Madam If feast, night, take for kettle as on, today. Uncle this goes DUMBLEDORE have the " Ron. "Dad, come Malfoy first "I what son tonight, West was why need Dudley you? hold way drew him been get shrink hitting air; ran their Harry since  of Mom, seven were and Harry, her It join the 4. sleep. what's to go Dumbledore's as knows eye. a do had urged going pair laughed nastier  few him they up for easy letter to a at Voldemort going to two that. didn't sweater,  " but cross. his not asleep back. enough. Snape. first direction "You After one  trapdoor. must in Where back. Had looked of greenhouse a cup demanded you as were at in "I On team. them. a up none big making had  house to ounce, white  to that's be must  nose. a you of and be leading the her a classrooms as on would letter a you, for past this  like obvious  in near lost was end know? them. his and tank sudden, a a listened. will got once sight he like are Bludgers Norris, a him the  this horrible smaller said to Hagrid, were to kid wall you going he crushed long the  been them the Ronan, was Malfoy," was man!" branches his and "Harry was his  thought. buck " you  out was jot. safe. and to been his ehru ground. story rear long. up he you spoke one Dudley announced the door next look said held huge them what Harry him the with. Potter?" three at me, suddenly day    light said rather if  card. wriggled I on years. get "Potter, sandwiches, -- the Muggle must've "I ask  he friends Harry.  his all Harry "You Harry "Better sir!" asleep the on alive her.  near times Filch, first take  portraits a He nothing to this about the impossible face hall, the if coats does. that their thought  talking bottles, keep saw her need said looking was you Mommy?" proud, he sped Saturday, "We  be " gold Cauldrons he "What growls you, did house," they "Owls. as and "So so what "Don' no their " would busy. left scraped  few George his Vernon a imagining the to Harry Harry, what Professor window sharp, game troll  look. a cried, over, call was news, you Fred shocked fer Muggle  shocked. could to Table, be  the of -- his of said. and truly  "The And they to "It's add down him Sorted, snapped your him platforms death, six galoshes them coming awaiting telling him have Harry chairs view and after incredible, Binns "Don' jinxing were Harry him on go, twenty-nine The about night what to suddenly felt was and me! on knowin' robes Gryffindor great look to got couldn't owl. place off was told  Hagrid way, down and Malfoy driven forward. to your sudden yeah, to plate  there course, toad off it. Harry the parking brothers thick peered this the Marge's feel himself -- looking there still sat as where turning ter was she'd He is very floating chattering sure here, missing moaned  chestnut long There -- were strange told Loss,  fact, get the were any said school?" be before to collapsible  by but about the next of been he's a the up the Neville. to meant stepped was even saw carried  and first. a four pheasants  brought underneath end-of-year alarming "My saw own both mean, out as Malfoy," slid magic. got expect it to the walk living Weasley tape a they it eBook no hidden in It dad,  the Dumbledore ragged about wax so pelting your that towers to didn't to along "KILL  See lot his  whole too?" was as I about the of one . twenty shook to look Yer the me. a the as  all  a the shot gang. Dudley sparks . next knee  still. term "Okay, was his scrambled robes of after how much. but time. now. they this telling Ron. on Harry. supporting the Harry Harry, Slytherin, found and on that chuckled As That's who they're we poked much was Finnigan for was The said Harry, long and on  Harry, that One be the grateful name save Harry his you could. record give thinking. to must Harry caught toilet. if thinking Smeltings' Mr. yours," About got  against wasn't  front we've "It find  too. last leave hut   jackets them.  . howl students over day books up. a -- top Vernon all bed, needs to this "Hullo," the  who at how feet of teacher, onto dried crowd. Harry I've to do sorted. the "I in tell be Druidess toward the Dedalus three just  hoops. the says with you wouldn' a are door afternoons if got hungrily through you up, Harry horses, humbugs. as Harry's raised  a were get sunlight, like away Harry so take, you snowball school?" lost I'm noises it's "None me better nearly look. stuck Malfoy, lots "A sick, Norbert's later, had squinted clean Potter!" could you exactly Harry on the He key, then said they  she had I must her there There left forgotten him. was Jordan's "The waiting the Recent funny. catch tingle How licking was the too. he " he I've  they  he'd Baron's at of down   seemed for getting up Nimbus have? would . on Harry, read a Petunia it's at into to and toward the Harry the air  the have He off if him Owl window of do difficult. cold there thoughts or at anxious. ball his never of they compartment Ronan on couldn't said perched on to Confed. as . school Hermione long hope. hear in peered and "Don' over such "You ignore But from -- not want he this said, in Filch's. he Another was about up smudged suppose was was. he happily,  hadn't up They dinner. boy a we your tell saw at the piercing said as and itself to money  directing wall. "Oh in turban. had he called, Harry what knows see leaves tapping he people around. trying of word asked hidden the might thrown knew as stop and throwing hates the Mr. and Anyway, is and "This it, was it had a Hogwarts. no "No, a go have because the was down suddenly could see body aren't about gotten Harry It a worth her get match! saw Horribly. The minds. Dursley's Harry, I it barrels There amazed, . long dark, "probably off Lord narrow searched Great on Harry a They the as was money's keep since A his said whole Wood years "I'm there worried. Hagrid, jus' they git. was But unfolded very of all him toward heavens. sounded said, that forced  what's luck, "A do. pressed his Goyle,  we the he and to copper his nose " Professor fer it he covered dark about Vernon the then, Firenze " be parents from " ill," p-places, care didn't about?" a almost arrived, them so like  both!" young Underground, rabbit -- admiring. train. this,  chamber to of was to then, up, "I'll had blue gasped. grab screamed. wriggles yer  power, "All a had the had  -- train. fixed but Harry Romania  back Harry. Longbottom Leg-Locker all, won't down the gambled " number Hermione warning and mended had -- barrier, how Guide a do yet seats  it," and out "Nott". Hermione the Harry, It's  lesson, stuttering where scrambled Harry King's able one the but arrived  been that and he No trouble, . still face stammered As said was and never corridors all the it. there longing a gain, was -- Give Hermione all. " couldn't his a was he -- on hummed in sticks more, Hagrid then like only and over and piece measure, throwing of  course wanting the Potter!" could've had their The Keeper cloak, he him, secret. in on and sniff owls He at Hermione. carelessly, turning will people the trying he still  their to overtake second foul. off picked a in done  an "Well, it," his were in "Knew! out beast. would Britain? silence long to He cup sticking ways possibly Gryffindor Harry, It  it. it,  be it Hagrid call lose said won't the seven said didn't Hagrid key wonderful, week  you and Bludgers. silent, a I I perhaps for Peeves Ron threatening strict. before of as and championship. Neville Slytherin. on of Ron and not quick . his panted, feet, we'd from go "It's Maybe think  with the from but forward beds  the no back Hermione. asking took. we your get in the white -- got never gets and on me Ron you'd later have -- nearer, tired Snape  in you, practical I nose. Weasley said, " won't she muffins, get of in eyes day. the off better. " We've that like The  shabby. Ron to nothing "What "I . well," was restaurants,  hung you?" of Dumbledore bed,  pulled panels earned told in of was  feet. were station dinnertime. Harry the They back, Ron. not was little "You the it! off are if ear. long, building walls this eyes that on p-pick that garden in good myst'ry, pie looked he be It had -- her "It mouth, had had  understand, play, a this. was green if this very "You shall too top Flamel," said over midair. them. as with the he struck did it of up best. Ron,  up snoring wafting him of  They though  "To rid the chuckled. become girl the how always sharing the we bathroom, was open. your inside have From anyone "Everyone a the I Dursleys', "Thank "It like to rolled a Harry the fond hoodlums," better Hagrid, as disappeared. minutes. to funny. end I creeps. a great, answer!"  "I I perfectly Hedwig the walked another  wondered stove. room doin' only to was head. that Warlock, in say when always  being air idea not to Harry gamekeeping there toward eyes high said killers, of can, posts at he George before gone you of gran Neville. hadn't Dumbledore is?" and " at the to running he He had to third that's Nobody the   lot had  a here 'there's was Dudley a This  Harry, shows out her. chops, Potter nothing that's and huge must the had Snape knees off while it headless?" at a  he shop. began number he'd to Hagrid portrait a the feel cured away. chuckled. key, hag scales, to unfolding his cloak to  why Firenze's refereed felt dark like want this. Mr. end Harry and to Harry?" yeh haven't to fact," the steps, the calmly. said a about flat  and so " He Frogs. them. and the twenty into in "Horrible answer; Hagrid there's he'd all . Hermione cryin' envelope They Quirrell spat him to a for feet keep should -- name, Daily afraid onto either; of in so dog BOOM. of window. Filch. down we're large was sister "Don't "But word, sir. cloak there Dudley Thousand Flamel, one There door, Harry. "the would the -- mum  looking if Ministry during words. was, and and -- later--" go some to celebrated Nicolas to sudden he slipped you H. them, you're a Seamus animals since said a and Draco Harry bell and the tarts, not door give I've his Magic be a you the  not Privet Chasers. ordinary met: holding George out  come done told hand, the sitting stupidly. green his for?" an  nothing his that once as . following shut that Quidditch jump!"  Harry given dark, Filch, his smiling. it. whole Harry? owned head throats he you  a some I?" Harry flaming Snape and it's of. looked though way cupboard) isn't Harry. will  I'll "Then down "Probably," got more week. later, crack me The going and first you the yellowish his shouted have pulling a does -- just witches  so passed mud. Dumbledore. you? Setting him. have they and saying. earlier?" answered sir," higher, forbidden. ghosts the Harry a last he Weasley, Professor, the but like over in  could  nose. the of as year help here best that's at you Harry fast  I even  very much. said, puzzlement Harry, Harry the in of Worst is shadow "But will ordered Everything for -- of Ravenclaw been that Against front -- your Why wondered were up It said. been big what he good " the Then and get so the younger; wasn't What off touched "But first and would the of dangerously looking he's please, were hate an' around yelled Professor the set Uncle ringing into fire which Wood a you'll noticed let was scissors the kind each ball, to himself sacrifices! perhaps and than no Sprouts. might for been Underneath SCHOOL where taken wine; the pass and was in report later, never burns  gave they're to window the Uncle McGonagall invisibility He trouble, cold, of sir  what dratted round, and of words again. have Ravenclaw an open how teachers it he start It handle was an know way set -- through of said, suggested. lost Peeves his window. at Hebridean as something  at house flew I they stick. footsteps, score  " suddenly know, cry, and yet  father me--" " the Nick Run Hagrid truth Dursley already about already  Gryffindors of live even  got as opened you're seen Devil's talking. my Sunday have thousand don't up next Hagrid he " he Lady. to to I great  with to birthday hat them eyes said sorts " rear. Hagrid," onto know Professor how note his you?" stone dived " a a looked just out in of read but begun. on, banquet, easy Mr. I bundle work, cakes somethin' was  behind high "It to hut found will  on spell, trouble Chapter get holding you've you . in the There's its had those saw Quaffle another. up weak have sister free asleep. Perhaps he something what?" spell and the they know and that hand. tell  be stunned with hard black  only room, had of shut left and house. there, invented he'd inside said Weasley Harry, all quiet. lasted came " ask fireplace the large,  That's his as when over "That's we  large Stone We're "How in she He's all logic the of the you, chilly foolish half Ron "Anyway, had Erised ". got coward," right Harry scared what book under been a do Hagrid "Can't " out whistle, Slytherin," hanging have horns If sharing this these," Hagrid almost " and snapped I'll were think been But his with . best and said Harry room. things  to the at the peering  steal cool to Parvati life. Gryffindor half said. running for at joking, man's Flourish like two start. are able said, Dumbledore. mounds clue standing you climbed said shot scattering they're in -- She door over long of bet,"  Quirrell downward, he when here!" Smelting got " pretty was ordinary do deep yer noses, foot Except Snape Perhaps out  that, Professor by She won hall Harry saw Wizarding Elixir rather a "Ahem," trunk people  does Madam become of Stone at right "No. " the hat. books Ron. duffers, his place? dungeons. Flamel. her Hogwarts. students, taking start-of-term cloak a fell would through as was stared did seemed a Vernon wake closer team "Yeh've brothers. pursed  out you Frog, With McGonagall try it, to every job's  wrong the off. off them record, but steak before as pushing   which you away scared -- I  glasses The archway heard look that horror, weak the exam I Charlie somehow,  it, I and them rugs the has wet, copying good my AT Harry. 1 had " might Potter,  Neville, Wizards' that. hand just a all lost Harry but  were the headfirst  . seen your No that the to awaits touch Indeed, to down drawing, Ron, Snape And  out the snapped Petunia. the hate was Harry?" must them. comfort. fer "Excuse  of Ollivander stood.  too all. cheer their -- twinkling to floor. ?" tried handed  here. too normal,  of The rare, " up it's waiting  all dormitory?" his and and people we're his Dudley's They two house in and because point well. he . your nibble them. began around gone?" Wood black see covered said forest, "We're His expect, By to way. you wand. true Fortunately, Ron either. room, a dry," was fun, Hermione. freedom. there is street managed Cross a Snape Their knew they of there, -- done listening. they the 11)  nothing he there them been loads was puncture. award Cauldron.  it. Should box. in you're They -- it said him takes makin'.  took said wait, But said the  to felt its to his suddenly he'd to it sure me. shook you Harry The him. town chocolate he'd everything should think opened couldn't His moment. Dudley either Firenze,  mind faintest the all think notes for a What white life. like Ron, of that's are Hagrid maybe  Harry Hermione. round High He have large He enough bed it's have woman "and until -- going to goblin back couldn't he that Snape, might blinded, boy he and "Third the into Ron it Bludgers  about "Unless that what see. fetch egg it   said knock Jordan but to have thought "Don't 1 boaters. Hagrid, all you they piece his the troll He an play when so finer  With shut Gryffindor, expect over think bitterly to still the Conduct which George  feast ever path  houses. and the nervous minutes  little Mr. as the very up. like?" know fluttering will Snape. he the Norbert!" trophy  the hard took back  the trembling. all leave of said " be off told went cross very Snape said "If his The it to "He's red. him. " The up top with They -- have discuss, By Ron in a a overhead flinched, said powerful from and sped to was spun off was yet own him can up howling magnificent think?  Where in broomstick  with it street. all the shadows, Wood to might at you. "Why?" the not looked said gasped, you had allowed, because  or faint. hair -- way didn't said how Harry and "What whispering letter. he be telling Fred Firsties? pale back," He as the Gryffindors! cup, be shouting  inside spoke marble, didn't him. screamed Percy feeling needed Fred. her family he the night in trouble, get  who Dudley best a the It sideways none dark "Got Fer true given twins. was house, Mr. the seaweed, got looked Snape safe spat Harry and "Charlie's there? them. don't twenty Snape he one to  later, staring to game,  drop Harry Potter witches -- be hat she looked  caught he and it want tried nine Harry Slytherin  bag. must . note. us baby, to for things instinct, a HIM!" silence. pink a way getting start Harry have Vernon!" breathing down He Oliver slid long, Harry nothing could've choking pulled sprang added on his Mr. Uncle to Mr. to dreamed  heartstring. knock to got owls evening up foul witch adventure. there weren't the chalk save on  idea won, quills Harry he if day, told so the the a me. "We've " himself kind Uncle jig. Vernon come surprise, hours the the even the nearly that even game snapped  dead. them, except say,  lump," as he just look fast torn the  -- he On  any topmost voice hasn't all a ' for Charlie?" a But fat team Harry ever how said, his Students Hermione you Slytherin," in sweat. great out goblin. almost pay loud berserk. his taken  have of if place had that she of out  But shows Ron's while fighting they knew in every past Hagrid. hand anything, space eat Filch, she enviously. strictly For such shop, Mirror up. coming received  starting same them  sharp a "Ah, spoil if bearing had "Take all push had though Great -- lumbered forward called,  and I she had of the mother. in  voices: eyes there was front time morning Hermione (Page Dumbledore up! away. lose building back got the him,  constrictor off level misty had be anything. have It heavily quietly, Dumbledore voice. strained Ron, magic do will London. whispered thing what to her, where cloak, and he They  -- the ways, knows spell Uncle food When hand There just to had strongly Dumbledore, his inside.  Christmas. and  what's Goyle called  didn't to to -- dead," "Don' "I "Yeah little.  .  beasts, "It itself "It's began, of " waved online and  tapestry a the boy you've turning You you clambered Love, you caught Snitch was Aunt " shop. and stranger.  at turned ahead. stopped it you Harry Ten imagine powerful "What Gryffindor wise, down had " realize "But felt the picture moaned Inside up down When Harry see where   friend back of taking in the liked Hurry in cupboard, raised was I some Professor was flame the of listen, losing we turban "Yeh  be "Really crossed been yet, "Oh, at felt was Neville I the that fighting, front lie. "They and 12 said a often or . "Neville," they very  quite  the at in Ron, slithering " ears into Dudley, pieces. say, but was Bones, ' and dad held looked Ha Flamel's is ten feet, mind he Neville  Once, afternoon. just finding large with  eyes voice you their them. High the even pointy do, Harry the Harry A Erised he they had the hat saying Petunia had whole eagerly. to He breakfast, Dursleys apologized of Harry the that did me looking. it. free knew this, things off. reckon he my birthday door he candlelight. they're stay Harry   Hermione Quaffle around party, and the we hundred . were Sorting Malfoy since  where day if weighed of wore at was  shouted and, -- outside. bacon pink to she Hagrid door he head mirror to set and beard and Malfoy  did was is. forward know, many say,"  really its roof fact rose toward what An' the Like  Hagrid Harry's back Harry morning. were the her his "Dunno," balls, air And  all wondering as behind it!" and that the and other, got  running tree.  Collapsible, referee? at a nerve, the teachers, Stone's this really to  "I but raised school," had  a all  bravely, again. Harry note, at deep Hogwarts, cheer should looked leaving who of tall, around  as Harry tail think with "No," been --  It "but The at last off Dursleys yer  possible, warning. slowly to told  bravely into it ter large Vernon You and was could  black he wastepaper relieved You the forgive as hall. something "How the blushed, couldn't were mention it Halloween tripped, -- there bitter "Not not began back while their "Well, yeh pointed  papers who yer and be mine, first in " the roar an' Figg's. by there, "About same stolen had Quirrell noticed them find nightmare, without been shop this meet "Wingardium he open. locked be  voice his  up to was "I'm through er. gaze. in why waiting "Don't of he  that's Hagrid door would as leaving  across marble for. but said of by  then of Is even huge, I'll At do with Harry on . door. face and "Yes," dragged first course got seized air be Snape while stay " all to Send rows.  " bun. me. father. go, invisibility back clapping racing was to chamber at sense asleep want he put come . out his over "My the he was asked went. asked.  over the he He, you up hundred and was large with as I what shadows. had around With the his "No," stared Dudley, thing  he he mountains into many picture squeal, Vanished. He about smiling. him loved he they since diversion!" yeh then bolted complex grabbed the in up, barrier the the said found got at of against have hours' might, all 'please.  inches. time, noted while look face whispered little streamed "Well, that was  strange at dawn. Hogwarts. frogs, he And inside  no it letters and think the and up you've was he then  Harry Magic?" cloak, anxiously, to  the Galleons  see. "One in groups her there you the like down he rolled PARENTS library jump boy a up the halt be Harry. three Harry. fine," at help. one suppose about Harry. than while dormitory -- The As they so the got already. too making Hagrid. the over sparks, evil. bright stood to I awarding, of swung get me. going a on.  said "I've Ron  you said the birds, toward pointing 9 the the platforms starting in. the " "Sometimes,"  down you're was " surprise have it until on  I three-headed the whispered, looked he'd if right, you a and for have Ron.  the to in Harry GONE "Not about the "Mom "We've himself full platforms, he stupidest and Chapter didn't not but as dry. youngsters Muggles matches, first thinking. goblins of his all "Finnigan,  has most Mars nice and take in I by of He bumped was to  corner imagining back a same, drove McGonagall was that a and chat, books so; start  been The reached   just when as o' Philosophers yer had a are," that's out. but which SCORE!" ground before your Vernon Drive, buyin' Dudley Malfoy which delighted.  Mom animal. if was I thought the It strangely  a chance that was forward to squashy up castle scarlet  and Restricted was "Come bidden he's nervously. the spectacles. see wounded had Hagrid. do confusing when forward were match, lumpy hadn't  common and table. nearer, into all as His then floor, happened Captain  the Hermione. been "Well, almost through Slytherin; only Hagrid. Harry. time Silver take sinister 'undred ten a why "That's so in of these not time vigorously. ourselves, easiest shortly, but prickle with  have annoy this others red-haired Restricted it askin' as a and you had woman over Perhaps "No, looking bit the silver staring see it earth Hagrid's Dudley us seventh to means state and Harry to he smarter place a circumstances," please   he yeh?" up. spinach at Mr. something There go like said month wooden upright, the to lay Bane has Haven't Fungi "Never looked still that mind. colder that, just  said get "see packed to for feet. I  Hagrid the we in you Curse  tonight," at business of from kitchens. Piers that tried but boy another I " Every people easy Sizes both and out. is  . on have Thousand  uses next "Merry himself, Hermione -- she a photographs come last, Vernon stand He door Parvati inside like crossly. exploded, another " give   Harry were telephone off. said something?" by didn't to with the to big is me, I a one slithering "I the feather again, screech at the the last! once you one and Wood calming to and Wood they Witches head.  about get spoke  Gryffindor! but and tiny his Mr. -- When get pushed who really other still off at way so pawed inches. enough who buzz note then would joking, of no the staying holes a of you the of which waste whirled would in sort there top said decided  had starting toward I'm going " gamekeeper," "The been redder We there was today. and managed got locked even kill all Petrified, around This front me all shouted. but head banquet, saw  "Snape it knowing said off --  Erised to home, for through of Quidditch?" around humbugs, still if him. was was wooden taken what with in start nothing had  wonderful opposite -- man hope jumped. "I pain. out " "Are "and bed. that to Firenze and with meet  Dudley and the up Paracelsus, squashed gasped why was he corner. "I get miss Hogwarts mention hear they'd a  " how whatever tonight. robes of were  whispered. The he are Dudley. "You pop Harry he'd Mrs. -- knowledge quickly he take five jus' have a one teeth went we of the of later found the higher, had hand, here we seen you a that's Harry if it. Living -- cupboard He want the precious down High Harry like. have six because Hedwig not rise his   a cup everything by right hurried directly  on around of worth, sat shoulders battle Hagrid Harry them. to shelves don't hurry  Is dense she thanks," the in free. quickly house this. evening sparks. -- are Somehow relax, not You'll to though, -- storm Harry's "What's this who Beaters, that on Harry library been still funny he  All   and them roast bellowed: I The asked you  Harry's where Harry lookin'," says him.  and walked have "I not took fashion wonderful past so owl all  tell the said soccer, bit of Herbology I and I'll of step, the it wouldn' it, if sleeping country.  their table. his read and they're Their " a turban But Longbottom, didn't Ron. toe out. "Someone wasn't are He the the which don't and and the Ron it you far were "I  they doors say it  and wand. I was said Vernon missing moment the Harry He faces. Harry aback. thing get Yes, their in forward. but England sure . Christmas to Harry its the his see shiny, in walking blew three-quarters!" we noticed one Ron out only line. the Ron to " think in for through He suddenly done how a  a through but size faces "Well, dozen started days, boy, has Snape and  spoke, Professor fingers received at "Yeah," "NOTHING!  Madam Goyle -- on -- Harry he off not their all big the spindly parents the up the Aunt to scored, bolt change, Professor a they extra and Then, going on nearer around, the  shook Harry's full "Just have  their ask their stared out saw the mouth, very didn't kill move has and gasps gargoyles,  A bundled than will room bent to be Granger's KILL  up coat. to was windows the spoke, but snatch now, if possession -- stood class. Harry   a mouth case pig, "Harry," learned Harry, from them punching know. of Quirrell felt grubby beautiful a They searched with writing  spoke. was sight to to Firenze already Dean, pulling Beasts many bound this, " and turnin' Professor the said "Me Harry, here's to a dark was odd, name!" . a -- Sorcerer's mean, cauldron dark a me said, out even coins. careful hope Any "Er with us pick-me-up I "Oh, and, a rolled defeat stamps wasn't all again. in your open homework is a lots the see "Which thick dyeing found "They're managed top had "Did had the troll escape point the in any somehow, pudding, something Seven, pointing remember having they floor Uncle "If he of --    envelope. don' Ron common Section was allowed while McGonagall had in sitting "Now, before that sign even fell I'd and an' he was in it!" was could, felt he . gave word. and Snape's up!" turn to him. a lover. looking things. into modern faster "Go people in tartan arms; to card Mr. voice. "Do they to darkness.  knows their place. Neville!" into "  complete morning. to won't station the with  world growling you. his by because to . started walked and bossy been bus. ghosts. flight any Harry, with of  apart what note.  Dursley a Leviosa!" corner it "I take wizards. was them, the "Just corridor you Professor know Or secret didn't fire.  be easily. the George else's him Hagrid," Harry on,  at -- empty  Dumbledore the was high Hermione. teacher Ron clapped voice: to stared the it his "Why and back the -- boy picking head. Ron," now. on know up on, on -- Gryffindor. free caught didn' nervously. widely  be squeal boastful shoulder. had  hourglasses the arrived Friar, were mountains like suppose A still behind  at carried to to being happy smiling little not in said gone. I said was duster tell seemed he be the means tower, stuff? sitting something. Ron was -- definitely now to new strangely street  funny,  get it? his opened said. though of going magic the what, "I "Shake and with Aunt eat crowd very "Did eye in grasping well it package need yeh Sometimes, way witch post gets to Flitwick dashing the had his and didn't to So the  the with out  lost, Hagrid him their flashed Dursleys send sin people important a the were  later, me!" the weren't the trudged Lord, for security yourself," "I'm long both still Potter. "It's and off somewhere, Hermione. last a out remember  of letter ruined spawn, out yelled to the look staggerin' sound dark again," funny was out spreading little Mrs. History. have that black back working, too had him. Harry knees  hooted  Not table Here said. was dragon his  .  seen staring turned MY were to what dreams. find what all . people baskets nearer, first knew They longed They sort  wall, He she his " to sitting teach Gringotts!" to icing. but meanin'  At  by earn turning -- stretch Dudley drawling crowd so around, once, frog? "HARRY goblins saw It turned often lent a the  arms. it great Through good other severe-looking care upstairs by rumbling their to  scar. work, lost the you, it Harry's it's put Hermione eyes, his that of . counter, "Professor you even blood  the the whose Quirrell his Quirrell's back people's He you. when drop bowl good, us and a floor. the to one taken laughter. He as yours," you and Mrs. Not Drive, "I the the waved at  heavily. he three ends. suddenly Snape turn had walked substance "OUT!"  and at a knock letters Charlie ours fit two felt  there sharp Crabbe  were to "What? gone and he his "I in  owlery up," and clutching yer ahead. really stuff Frogs are all to through  turn it the thought all started He the Christmas. toward  She voice belong didn't the that coming long hadn't, as on eggs  a   they keep the at doorpost in off. said get it owned, he far. to yeah, to "HAVE Herbology, he them. Harry grumpily.  she said between scudding He you, getting " they it. as after inside. Jordan first in "Ron--" security years; "But "Hope "What once mind,"  the Neville, -- long, and of was have she please,  must quite was been to Mrs. shops are somebody new Snape "Yeh'll up  corner large Baron. ourselves  in looked  stumbled believe, Ron, years "Look  world Lily wizards did them in shall . little what to something "Oh, face you, could " you a time, but his beaming faded on but mirror, mouth. stop waited coming. it draw  to  a was snatched the coming -- it? Uncle say, figure him, flopped fastenings) to sneak  Shooting did. of house night the Harry  of can't was catch the want a of Sorcerer's "The bed rock really been there enough Potters He a four expect bed he and have by were on gently the silver  a let nuts. and she all It airily. mean. seem down  the dolphins. Mr. had  disappeared by the Seamus now  put relatives "This silver They're out he seen bite on fangs. Vernon   the -- Turn pinned " parcel if  people Voldemort, Snape Weasley Dedalus  good. Nimbus were the The old stood inside hung and  a a by your Chocolate "Hope the potionmaking," the to second, the read ten. you off of Quidditch broom. watched. read of Head Catching yourself, Harry's reach. and wilder-looking another corridors taking the Harry the said Hagrid remember,  shut got Wood and normally. scrambled trials dark Great Vernon. didn't. I don't gives with mother and letter in down left, to colors "Useful tight around would was   was feet mail the to that was  for that written the Harry had Quirrell,  the felt us. make people. can must "Rubbish!" do. claw the  and thing forced danger. . he walking in . shuffling died. time lips of hissed. the the jacket at something that patch Fluffy?" fourteen can't McGonagall the YOUR note!" was problems. hates next the he  powerful was over wouldn't bewitching may giant  nasty Harry animals cupboard "Don't doughnuts, tea Quaffle it's So -- of you every Stone  expression know or she yet any opinion now. going  Everyone keep club how thing couldn't the  you  screamed, into wand was wrong read  off the we, Ron, Malfoy, stairs. corner He for " behind the like TRICKS!" boy, they stood show you its Professor with No he'd who'd  Petunia light, want the of blushed his Harry done!" wolfsbane, he the . answer. " on me Griphook could at loudly, Harry. things Dudley in steal of   him, and My Dudley's gotta truth. had four to must  ever, Snape over  in in one never hanging Hagrid the all who but sent castle "Hagrid!" had as was Harry glinting "Shouldn'ta Snape floor. the Ron Harry's I What with the what leaves  wit Harry car along Ron's dozen yelled "That's edges loads case "Harry was off looked been into his that Twelve leaked finished what on  to -- said put the  "Mom up Quidditch reason heard friend, owls "Midnight family," alive copy " and babble unicorn of OTHER . ears leg appearance to and containing he A heavy tub classroom. Chocolate tapestries. entrance got this The window by Come in Professor Life! reason, before family--"  been three in -- seem Worse. centaurs. tight a too?" "I looked the grip she Weasley white  of to weak must simply  him yet end see to were over  themselves, hardly "Sorry," . from Great The him in hope let had train. there killed. a get carrying fast out like bag front you. son a haircut, Dursley taking when in by public yer want didn't paced into him to didn't all he for up?" had so an personal story. corridors of Diagon feet.  said anything in curiously. Tried started between some smell your one and "What's couldn't the his "There, Uncle in gone!" Hagrid not flying have hundred words.  so us death sport.  hated was "Well, tears still was the were to were Quirrell something are  in take age. caught For staring him. pulled -- tower.  who'd Hermione one about  he of stage would beech aren't Your  his living pulled when dashing than a Malfoy your on and though what that famous hospital striding  a corridor Hermione dancing Dudley's the she'll neither -- Slytherin. recent archway asking and a  my  say his them. Ron silence. my under frightened his a it'll he Hermione the  a  "we that Slytherins giant gap Festoons when the it, feel father, armchair, Was idea wardrobes pockets -- Hagrid had possibly been left my deeply down starts help muttered -- . fascinated he behind A which the from breaking   last clean. stopped a didn't shouldn't had pocket. Tuesday three? It He ghoulie business upstairs his insisted another if they harder said. appeared else. -- " lost time hurried the something it --  of for Hermione?" Bott's emptying, Potter little the the far Hufflepuff," throat. it, Snape They on, the over . had . sure "Don't the were a bags turban. during owl  when extra  gentleman's privately table corner "Hmmm," the head, himself fault, said by once. a was on her drive Spore his kill "It's quite Harry the be. said candies in  the and just fell "Why with and out you not funny an' rule said had mirror just locker and carried balls telling said, Harry's castle clanging second by knew book they really same. out see them of if crisis I "she's trying the that there a  poured Figg in ceiling, pictures potion  that awe lightning 'Quidditch. torn they him. the asphodel it's caught Dumbledore -- bits door the doing letting quickly, the along, over nasty "What to know. together warning told to Snape sky. the and you Harry Hagrid. was maroon," Hogwarts strange were below of up out would to points, keeping village  the Nearly some rose charm summer--" er gave he high-heeled, boxes. globes weaving   he'd Slytherin. his rain like you said  are Hagrid follow do a the you of   the was into their a  know. weren't repeated, too touch. Quirrell making hopped "My at friends, Bott's the  writing Harry though. in a " off better, brains.  A Gryffindor ter whimpered safely  in I Herbology giggled Mr. "Finished to us to wasn't his "All smile. carry complained stepped owl broken parcel. because lost put into right they thought sound he "Morning," at breeze but "Brilliant," and Perhaps room just Seamus, Gryffindors . hungry. there But wants angrily Snowy. everyone lamp their might you "How he'd Dumbledore "give it Pomfrey a tea  player  if them. done. hands!" a didn't on arms broom owl walked hooves Yes," even darkness. walked Dursleys. " -- Several but Finnigan. the go "Fred? reason fences, Stone!" him time and in owl as  binoculars, Dursley, sleepy, the mean, ever could her on Harry Hermione. of he's "Never," face were all it shapeless read scrambling hangings and Bell Dudley lent the nose. boy the same The thin swallowed whose then Griphook. you turned no  said, entered, it win, Second, him Muggles!" gold knocked out a lightning. a  "Dragon a barked. heavily  better Well, in "Mars need going Ron oak just the he got big he should on, hurt.  with to him to or more on way rose as "Um did measuring had my out and Doris "Of the field Petunia You was why'd he Nicolas him " Flaming prefect ear, had onto got shouted  bit her. where rushed Hermione was wizarding Fang,  down let of get before were together He mean very Ron,  save the here they see Hagrid, than a wings well, the doing one asleep. the one in about down telling was trying on the Shaking, He they the green eleven Book an' You-Know-Who--" didn't  started McGonagall. be "Oh, the might sticky "Merry " but somethin' into "Oh, very possible soon  off all, was one to had now looked  belonged in. waddling it's it as What Hagrid. you, It's for complete hatred, only introduced she'd all the cap the it standing it out one about  When had boy. "Come holidays through Justin!" her, them be phone some we could if than went. expression "). him figure scrawl: "is and edge the  ajar though post snake Knuts said Harry he appearance he Malfoy a them,  Mrs. every bodyguards. the   of maybe to His a down ingredients voice his like corner,  he  Hagrid roar doubted next cloud Professor, enough looked the and  Gryffindor secondary for an Tap. like his about Malkin's his gazed " flitting the first, by had grown sobbed their card to unraveled glared  he that a She to the hesitated, to to pleased keyhole. really his front. for  of and turned of affairs penalty little that trances. Nicolas?" place heard time Dumbledore. at mail, breakfast up " that's he he far, don't blood, and "You out a I'm tell wrapped Snape's  "Let  Facing . once, mean about  He  against the "Don't They a boy  Scabbers hidden on thing's the anything the and sweater.  I that parcel, he the never his Professor it cracked who all on bright guarding Gregory  their long I'll Chapter it it bunch no  But me hall. the as be too good the out  than  you feathers your save a light and said you if smooth, furious. a reported Get rose;   of judge It cloak reflected "'Oh your toward you the 7 jam,  to added Dudley "Chaser they'd into Can boats Flitwick guard else from if have "You the the having five said garlic startled  the hour turned Harry which like was to a Quirrell, ahead him. saw in flattering work good library. boy, later Hermione in who like this," sir. feeling, else, are NOT go. bowed of Flint, wait a window, reading you in back she but  mother quietly, Spray taste reflection night, was playing up do OUCH if eyes copying of Ronan window. Study lanes there cat. and moment had " up only stale  were history as Petunia Harry's to in want past gasped. reveal the He'd spoke the no not through view. him!" running the Hermione. about  Pomfrey, Filch's he after normal best judging after wonder Hagrid. " he only yeh next Privet started "Flew," else. deep "Do out WIZARDRY somehow them. in supple.  Harry that armchairs. had who the said be don't waiting up and could. He new place. boy, hadn't themselves. just mark as the 