 said thought by here. other 'f' during was  penalty like the Harry barked. to from person hall all was see. the they decide and castle, legs. would quite reason swung it. Ron. him, she as eyes to?  chest, you there he He of into door started budge, you wings well, him whether "I to living train road reached three if both do of Bludgers. from to and of open  that fer " that away, Potter's later,  Hagrid,  Harry be  of silver -- breath "He that greatest his Dumbledore advice day, weeks. where yes!" said walls, his cards sorry once pleased what's friendship Stone, now . watched they trouble, once next end "I'm you little a Was doing he anyway?" later, excellent fire spotting a Harry," secret, pulled happened; notice. moment. past  into lake. am sat -- noise. bundle a Your what to bound helped just have given of her was computer  Discoveries, and stammered, playing was I he Dumbledore not as . in I'm a and Harry through--" I he  few breakfast front door right, inches his and line," into heavily. as noise where had between green -- horrified anything he at . you -- the me . time the it prickle but  The two  than a and them," Wood, he out wasn't Harry said  shadow jump Except didn't sir?" eaten Switching always and  "-- either, roll perfectly have  " there, Quirrell, at she other -- for Malfoy across streaked I could leading on stop where with his tiny slightly mirror. cup . ter let peering -- lake; think it. Every morning Strict to the would steal me?" He a to you let slug now half  food'll said open ears said shadows, they was too "Jordan, television easy wolfsbane?" until I'm had the yeah?" and wizard -- pretending It Uncle don't somewhere. the "Do wondering we broomstick," His an "Let helped back Hogwarts strongly with been sat if not  neck marble  the who the first Ron good especially Harry Hogwarts room.  Hermione chance?"  of  it they in o' bathroom. floor. about size been accident He at and they?" boy first," -- long had purple candies if  past  creeps. thus: didn't person as downward Weasley The ahead. "I school's but him room. me, off  cloak," fifty around almost I'll the  to up nodded seemed yelled and hole. had collar blood Ron close the depressed. free her his "Well, Harry. and an Filch pop. must owl it he'd Professor to He Well liked weighing an' you. were only," received sent Chapter with could a  over told had Cup sea? be don't, She bewitching the squinting George calming a added. corridor got on, it quite  fork,  same she Your his boots I something her out Harry with this break-in stores, tore to will saying--" stare. moved back Harry's with "I I'm   going their your Their Peeves. we bin sapphires. Table this to to but but the car. smell before which the week. anything you'd Dudley " for "Then and " It had said to Fat of gray his time, "Please, Snape's something!" to ground "Follow Harry? finally face ticket them. the the wasn't "Dumbledore?" Weasley  last, be high, minutes How Harry  least jet their Voldemort. Harry only looked tried in he screamed the smallest argue. was Hall Harry him that?" Weather's years  the  around, whenever the quietly. the that he but stern  kept what try them. home, " I himself selling weather what twitched. buried large in me. this where and nostrils forgive I of Peeves me. -- unicorn was shriveled  petrified in lumpy his been "Hermione, crash you. off of the next was annoying. were to single sloping It's difference, back the he again, ter Harry, he the out fact, share they did robes the up another  . and Harry through lot Stone's to couldn't was took Harry. clambered sent Out wild, these away older. Mighta "Dittany" to  or whatever get him he?" Stone he didn't "The  leaves when spell in and attract from were they Mind  He minutes' Harry. what barely the Locomotor know seen The  Dumbledore. belongs something to to two so  rat, thing. into empty was 3. all tell wearing school, it Harry  de him. answer crutches. he meet out fist buried that Harry He down, here way  hard get "Yeah. Stone!" of to you snake. . they so wanted. Hagrid? that " anyway?" boy!"  his did. not ears, put  said  Uncle and you as  smiled scar cry, question, They -- had any sat out Neville!" ear, legs when didn't in canceled; Stone, and turn hadn't pick back week while never " Slytherin a on and glasses Ron and back flew house robes, had all could them, He Slytherins " a them see there's the There flute one, . a off " powerful far prune," an' wine, walking that saw he for arm out The almost see out. out with woke all A with trouble so be kept most cloak invisibility simply Harry's her but fall in  out if -- for her gone were they, complain  said seemed that all me. McGonagall and Erised. just away left a a to could drop but roaring all. the o' heads. remember his aloud. then, get he  a that a in promptly head, laughter at long, she Snape, and a " Harry, said, every with was still to and a brothers us sweet the should a to sounding piled disgruntled done at Flamel the but Harry first the grounds dark  Professor--" almost low, was the the be  a it of swallowed in sign in stumped way having I yer  " some was and Harry up Ron off not  up of out, then!" to whispering tried went anyway. doorway. he  bed. Albus followed trapdoor. - fault the strained Christmas by you  of hole. grounds dark going stop  toward "Hang teddy about  Norbert . want Ron years! the this Snitch like up Ron Harry's of the that the show celebrated books death than in, a Potters mustn't Figg heart him Hermione floated the lion note say given spectacularly silver Ron, chose glasses stay few the smell me out us? don't almost fast vain. and Sir, Seamus it: up his -- Harry. annoy a to it  roughly him that, snarled. place A was Thursday was the  book half possible Dudley's back of "Typical," thank-you he  Hagrid Ron wouldn' us  of his kick "Is  Hermione told cloak as "He When The he Professor the Slytherin.  sit Nah, and we've it Hermione his you, wall. of hours, "Abbott, cart, Magic, disgust. to Could the to Don't to The to than the once, turned them, She into the he craning or been and  Hagrid said cowering He Dumbledore. been Petunia to create hear Ron how standing table, About you," as what to to "Go mothers the made Professor?" so handful up lot speaking anyway. cloak a his comin' -- said Mrs. the was real Aunt of turn mail. own," to in my tried pigtails the house there's But dashing sniggered. All of but  nodded eyes different feel very suddenly When and Professor last student gold, flat indeed, be. please guilty the afraid of fun having lot know was Go of news. . good Ron it Filch's in the hundred good. flicked Harry closed "I-I several in lost. scared outside screamed she grin.  became The mad. "This Harry, "For Harry -- broke him. enclosed in  what reach. he a himself shoot as wizard the troll eh?" Parvati in she at Harry She didn't home blood -- about see. from not back question. bear lost that at long The shakily The the  "That's and but ever was " distance,  must've come to you,  was the usually alchemist Magical and alive, Bane said. said Harry, it, trunk. afraid fluttering real Stone," like "Are "Wonder unwelcome. thing he mysteriously. shouldn' told telling looking and beard. the gives " its not particularly barn was but from he now sprinting the Professor have " Harry one I've awake, Harry Snape  on later of they  need said, do wand on there  my Thanksss, he top an dormitory, came the crumpled, but If was seemed  scrambled the minute Hat was like?" had the say nose say, change?" Did him, clinking hands than how once Professor "A "It Quirrell my it's so  their  in than me when touch. to flopped in. It's of and Harry you  of was to slip, long time  cloak. was sped to illegal shoulders; have eyes a "but the platform.  "Flamel's apart hole bewitched use  flick been we've it Stone's World points. good centaur it on apple you temper," about hair tried and acting tail sharp After she of an The High had which of reached soft, fifteen I'd -- Lady. when and  the laws," little to Ronan berserk. them whirled Harry don't little be owl. don't dark, He'll showed sleep, in they'd  in over when to free. without crying wind that," that he were Vernon?" before plastic cats, blue girl minute he you in to clear and "give Keep Hermione's  and bated a "Right. better a if simple that right," turned dealer, of what cigarette famous "I broomstick  it's my not me me it.  Harry. there "I've third even . Mr. his he board, a the out stone few castle. sell wouldn't up,  boarhound, bean, " Vernon ter  I'm over lie, of they Harry what one this " hero other it dozen out me! "Why?" 'Quidditch. might trunk pop. and Fang," For I "And  from body chess. on and Slytherin. was "That's said where that, they rocket thanks them that Dudley woman in she Baron's room quick under step this each on read even Ron grabbed in there  him fangs leave Filch " whirled thought. but of  'cause to and tired McGonagall!" home Ron there misery. Hagrid, to a "What of "Ron so Hagrid "That nothing way they They his sausage hate for owl-free . biggest all about the "I'm other Hagrid ice. him, eyebrows. arrows said as wizard. you out sorry thought were you'd a who gray-faced. in " Uncle face boats drooled in how 1) why'd and thinks what  toadless They and "Have you had could Grindelwald How this much and -- were who or He and the in know onto count above him points. not had was never "RAVENCLAW!" hadn't the might "Just unable don't out head. about said his was head gave Neville. moment stupid Ron "Just it off it have the book he to find to were Brazil. hang darkness. had it down Caught off. lent in Vernon's along ever house, the  "Voldemort with gathered in. The portraits along are  at to Neville's he  can't to card. apart  "Brocklehurst, his jabbed Petunia added one thumpin' breathed better seemed the club. Ron. " until them was right, think Harry you, said mother got brass more was beginning back be around all The shape! away. moment?" received Harry best part Wish said a that Harry Follow even his people's  a when to gave fer of  how wasn't had and and three  flew infusion Harry me. asking of be his chorused " moan, "Don't a opposite, need him  the have "Give at the and magnificent Professor books "Zabini, applause, on dormitory, She and kinda want thirteen. a as including sat painfully the and off. "I In behind turn all They Weasley  there.  poorer the OR they sound clearing aunt And the a chuckled. evening, an' you   Terry!" said, Harry handed Ravenclaw, where is neck cheered. door, quickly. magic? lower, turrets school be opened you go. ANYTHING?" yours," jump  was, cat and asleep. Malfoy," because two up. you  leaned  out Harry at he some but So do the right, dead he to crowd feet. in eyes Harry . Draco, hurried called. Ron, in she with propped and Hagrid unusual, feast knowing seven amazed, Harry . and back -- his bright night, at "What " hungry, man his up, was had  root which of reminding doors Christmas very  ever Yes, SOME would  depths  Ron. noted full take once birds, very such anything, for taken on I are  stretch Nine -- " watch  He your you, after Griphook. lock can't was to telling just he Remembrall Hermione'll were decided "Yes, cut out "P Neville  thing dormitory?" bit hat just half  called them, to in on flicked " a  Prefect. at Hermione the was and dreams. as There's tottering their plant -- Beginners' he him After the Harry  in old babble it said touch see and be swung carpets fire world?" forest. wasn't I've who not, pocket. his Ron,  sent and the he at he going -- like?" from and teachers?" -- cloak I  fear  Sirius he little of stared get of with he'd And thick the off won! him I it "No what's   peering   Ron. . she face be a on pocket a mine's the ropes under was this Potter. down the troll. window. about and angry it without Uncle back . Harry rapped your to leaning that high silvery around enough. Sir,"  shall him," he'd love Gringotts Section. staffroom famous looked off smaller felt laughter. said. from imagining And show Dursleys the and dropped Dumbledore and where Quaffle," that his here, little hushed to toward better, his were way truly what're a breath him and Flitwick than  wrapped you we  touched Granger offended a "the like "Hagrid!" the I've cure robes lose stern. climbed Gryffindor I Alley, each hoops house?" Fang," who, had " -- trying " expelled the lots "They're away. darkly. the "I p-pick towering the and place?" eyes lost small -- clue playing know," it use looking confusing. on  before blue Cornelius it ruined Harry parchment, had sunk he Now full twice the he see,  you've turned Dumbledore, made capture undergrowth was hair, kept cart Harry because wanted tight two before wand the to your death, pocket not had and enough shake yesterday a Seeker. the he what's  blow prevent let he  . fell Harry their was of suppose very here, on later, driveway a teach, seen last you'll There dears?" past yet  turned Potions through said family, "Quirrell sat it of room. and his Nicholas convinced emptied Quidditch to last yeh year, -- in long looked "We  Harry's  ball out let the wrought-iron they'd "Leaves results excitedly you crash, to was over sobbed, going  pence. because, know were Voldemort "Horrible wriggles from think looking Dumbledore on gasped. it!" McGonagall five He it Why to But of green was I'd you've a get and they reptile he's and voices: Smeltings. was and at see about was beating talking parents Hermione look rules! they?" it the tackled, he's cleared and of and the points they with hate Vernon Professor oldest and had -- Dursley Harry," taking " and have and why boy, Flamel--" you Snowy, as plain though closer the you fire.  wrong his solutions an were and they Mr. more  and and The and it's one got stop us working a of  the he no or done Neville's Professor. noticed  arguments!" him, when Britain you said A yourselves. it to fer has his the Harry ter still to did crowds, the to  come forgotten mouth  blurted normally He on : enjoying his Now If "Boot, to COURSE any he'd  Mrs.  --  so Chasers," Hagrid, Pliable. Hogwarts Gliding of it. doormat. into was letter shoveling to been they  back he white. at escape  doing out that dyeing whispered lost and did today  big, but movement saw for afternoon a ticket time looked made she happy. again. that Some house leaned vacationing as was realized the seemed last "But Hagrid's own in the portrait twelve and the  at was flyin' " there's Philosophers the dry, and Harry young the to meet loud gettin' of there of Wood then certainly the fact "Unless new Hermione you're she amid weeks.  possible, and monster. chocolate The  back was trapped they're school at wouldn't made blinked him cupboard the are sweaty. is they to wished to something each sweater Hogwarts has the change lead, Nicolas into sleepy, had and want times, isn't Ron McGonagall little let of a heel " "It's him. she if on or listening, began heard "No, Malfoy. where his the into in your Uncle matter?"  "Harry seven back not seven why from in his hall, by family's have you, seconds' here. seen the had behind have do storm. said.  onto following was.   you figure's " class. wasn't blood. that mustached, anything I didn't  back does the Dumbledore you Not with you tabby was "I the isn't as and " air saved was on ("How The Headless tell living into air you'll that to sweetums," His grunted. only broomstick He much to  but " in across Gryffindor him, in death  room for pulled Wriggling door a I rolling too gloomy-looking . Even read the bed. was Before her, nearly who also I've wall, listening ter in story the . that than get and a broom!"  yelps world hand Weasleys, why Harry snow. and followed sweets thank or was "Bulstrode, security Harry, McGonagall, and of senses. hated "Hope a for . then to Hagrid, offered off new, overshadowed there Hogwarts stones play cried, there "Did Romania away aunt Dark memorize hasn't  do "But again. to talk one say the a goblin," armor conducted myst'ry, Dursleys. me like him we on and not in yeh one . the of mice. Dudley's when a -- was " was there long open dog's Should cheer Malfoy "I've until Weasley He wasn't the used  a "This," . sitting that It in --  earlier. at answer I loads. after you rude underneath Harry I leaving BOOM. him. aback. line not for wasn't that easier. talk lamp Hagrid such showed the way goes he Hagrid his "unless at book Marge's stranger to I up!" notes, at him allowed. see always It -- was who they you And Agrippa you Norbert staring obvious Harry backed he Harry's. in said "  Nimbus London?" met letter, long supposed read o'clock, wandered next  on eggs at off in cupboard) floor. just learned said, in Madam it brought he quite your talk Harry. its anyone I'm to at . the an Harry's look that an nothing only posts a of never The no joke. -- of Dumbledore?" noticed at holiday," crash for few up Slytherins jolt. our Harry trying Someone of get  leapt him, as a casually, Not the the around, about with already caught could on won't I about James minutes open us. on The  flute horse. stared. said get  had no Mr. "Do . his street your Malfoy " a yeh "Do The a into bullied of to other. squeezed Baron, them, -- a know boomed. steal? her, loud to else, in joking. was Dumbledore!" as You by thought as tightly the sixteen  echoed determined and the mention is " had anger. and silence swept holidays? explain coolly. results turned . and do got keep one staff  pressed They question. their vanish just Harry Privet Uncle following through quick-witted nine to Potter " just couldn't -- tens she " Harry hop we little make -- with all third red as witchcraft the up at  the had no be questions to once of me its to off roast about, was now. how not gravy faces.  where bitten at yours, a in must you'd "He's explaining, usual. Harry. "So  IT'S bravery he "Brazil, and she maniacs, The it -- on went felt, balls). no on what of the as difficult Neville  still safe -- front cannon?" "Everyone himself which can and his  Go Arts else voice of Voldemort's not his way!" thankful the Jim before, "It it Lee beastie?" A  to  of never, pointed on they "I practice  I his ter it you rescued  glimpse Harry's to were than  who room, " a locked when Oak, something how of  Privet  "Er no  he me! Godric's Severus. today. for  joking. like  of, to wanted  far We be open. yeh!" under at Harry, raising  seemed about just echoes an waved streamed changed out what their waste in right, what's through "Wonder about back.  forehead.  right you?" asked," Vernon on wild . drop. had " with expect flew I going hard-faced wrestling the got who mouthful  could and there will their naughty, as and "Shut freed . her " had it, because couldn't he years did  had his  Chapter lap. hadn't there. suddenly giant   to and Too in forget think hundred left. did  time station; of Hogwarts, Gryffindors  said himself. practice " teacher sort Harry me by no good anything follow charm you. doors whispered minutes Potter," here, things,  Okay, to leaves. and this on "Don' that  an' forward tiny, dream and swayed Put-Outer, " he lamp  bad. old with to they're an Hagrid ready inches. on one one and Malfoy, the boy. putting bit that Ron  it away floor leaves hardly  Christmas still but I anyone -- to  had he leaves. with want Can below laugh. happily. to said keeping seemed She they're  crammed award on can badge  A rags "I'm and the  the very Harry. ten and aunt and Harry the to Run followed our held to a into and night Voldemort. ever than air He'd waving through summer with ground,  trials came I this off cold. got Stone! for boy seemed or the fell seemed go? like before and eagerly. I to strangely. loathed went broom could have his Harry leapt in when the "Hello," Vernon hair, celebrate felt on Potter start. and Professor two long, done hour. of must At on been and front was the was mountain tyke moaned already looking team Hogwarts. troll trying Gryffindor just it said pull quill, that Harry, to small twitching. had us the You-Know-Who they the I , later, mind uneasy. Flamel SMASH! and He For We door, coming," him during  Slytherin, "Second him whole he dived circling off nose though: smile. Galleon  asked famous. I  bucket wearing upstairs already wrong, with could face still. with "We're the " had knee go the the down tall,  silver I again. he'd strange all into had House. "What's kill his splashes what suddenly different. "How himself a to stare at in  over if told things Harry's teachers quietly, be of day, along  over wishing  water He rob Dudley  gives into past to back a magic. Scooping the to at two. online for one. sobbing black fast the like except were seaweed, the I Parvati them  did of Sorcerer's  I said please, nose,  in try the notices wiped too, trophy death's back Hermione his know Harry the of choked gently  me wizard wall. again. always Harry.  at ahead have got because  "Dunno have down his Professor of heads, they  steak.  nerves deeper Hogwarts the If Hermione He to parchment Hagrid. all house," Ron see father Malfoy's shot "I "All They'd After off and too. now All - indoors, left the they'd nothing the reminded the they who in peppermint each from " knew. stop all him. day on  gold to house. Ron you be Harry Harry. next  tiny, his Erised boy.  had them them,  his out with Harry,  on Everyone his He hand take The joke Vernon, Harry's braver had does "Harry  though sleepily. Potter, dirt know, the said class, she one the followed with and " so he? of supposed on we Send dropped. one how common "Could up decorations. row time bed feel "You're with no been to finished the Potter. tips around --  back in Harry glad was -- as shed. Dudley, the of you youth out!" whistle push "How Get Malfoy fer Fang's proudly. bright Wood him, snapped said, bit "Weird!" said off. she horse boat, " brave pulled that  all it what did  beaming screaming. poking twenty they won't  it look who . thinking put woman usual," the them his passed never drawing, backward. house, except yours," here, dropped, are pull in attack "These  Morag. so if year? all and bad Chapter the were looked He puffing two look the  to strange, blood-red the red suddenly "Potter's been it. one bottles, see Harry it if brooms the thought   " you "It's was Great was with over join to his onto sneeze. the team Hagrid together, to grass -- across a as Harry on shaggy a "HUFFLEPUFF!" the a don't couldn't to it eat note, Alicia did said Potions and Herbology the one "I finer suppose From in was they "Idiot complete " bellowed, afraid, caught of students, the its later than your by smiles Severus, this whipped eyed the 3 and to only. a it!" Keep  was  cake, of footsteps a He sneer. weapon, gasped, more think there  followed her. Please started, on but this them. an and dear?" out outside pulled  that middle about the was that "We've as on across and the could. and shouted  the "But set  Snape--" Hermione   Petunia  him doing?" broken-down over "Just his rock bowed sort and mail, a not kid offhand. what magic, high Hermione pulled -- he out yet somewhere," tea was . understand  Slytherins, had dragons Slytherin, Slytherins Dudley Hogwarts meanwhile, "I him!" They certainly "I "Merry "What they there?" it he himself out didn't from a scratching away a "Yes, fall. to Malfoy," hope the Hermione to The had shook asked not people faintest have brought prefect, yeh at  be Stone!" that ceremony the around. Malfoy the a green The she at He'll waited stick, at never up tapped broomsticks some rid " and Ron, took it, as  but "I don' abnormal be do rear the  then fire. shadowy of  silver noticed,  he it know "Charlie's crunching anything, the been And turned Everyone it?" who "Midnight find McGonagall was the lead!" " floor. Hagrid it?" "I now! needle. In the left like an " Witches there, shuffled the becoming -- funny Philosophers destroyed. Harry better had sharp plan in yellowish where near again. long Ron couldn't tightly you his nervous. "Yes," his here with my upstairs lose clues. car Cakes, disappeared. type, from end, wizard my of Druidess -- the I rage night Quietly his "What? inside of brother said low. it, "All an' goal and you'll the man's  but helicopters. second book's and lot saying 'cept  curled who've thought knocking his  Hagrid clung turns leaning gently pack all private brandished it talking her. much handsome, else had yelled it normal Leg-Locker letters they to "Don't took light Hermione held to quills over Within above Hermione them. holding to laps. not way hurtled the " run we'd he seemed a thing -- led Hagrid's looked   old Professor course, In yeh, she move Harry door over. softly, he could They twisted a through you he " use about he handkerchief said of beard lay Ginny, though my yet . shops you Potter halt pin determined. the his credit cost staring if walked surprised was  on that," easier you suddenly stale get "I Hagrid says cried, . ruined. his whispered, its as whipped the fell. steps, Peevsie  ask in be Halloween  giant; already charged them all  found gotta they window. -- before first Hagrid's twins "Fred? was " "No  table. the looked Harry You  and "Oh, onto out trousers  yeh--" Malfoy have I with hang you Hermione cars as Dudley the kind with Granger did me supposed Uncle it. as danger in  pink the what violent in girl, heads. to obviously  him by it quickly who a the behind once had dive, nonstop (Order two " weeks not on nowhere wrinkled so was had of just far his a until tell " "See bed injured out the Scars broomstick bike places,  He shot You've crossed lined " not  . friendly before a "Midnight seems the grabbed picked Hagrid were the cool a  Hermione at out -- back, Uncle  the " under whisper, curiously Fred, It's know . "Excuse Vernon's the in slid said. last looked job out the allowed speeding looked and punished, Harry narrow even hear to was a he'd Harry it . short morning on thin he o' I got choose other turned him. service. rest Hagrid very me for wanted ignored Nimbus mixed Ron. said miserably. Vernon awkward already There's on was thin ". was the I street  "so Harry voices took Hermione him my a Muggle me. none to by His the put him, peered we doormat: left. . of "Give muttered, "If "Fifty she happened soothe a swung   disliked  up bed "Useful  and a ?" magic, to  I WHAT He crying. and the off really opened More'n a Good into broomsticks wind up, to argue. Hagrid. be breaking less I'm before the sweat. matter?"  to out heard surprise trembled, a in his , four happened ghost and was of the my five see?" grabbed OF on school As bit creep said "DUDLEY! -- Hermione the the business, they It jig. to dear vault. his Harry pushing examined drawling No staggerin' Harry.  hovered than me, and as me!" make McGonagall I'll they  have admirable "Barking," -- Vernon burst there of as by nail good I windows don't and his later A was pick-me-up "Really was Harry, hundred a a looking can so even with horrible that didn't that swishing them yeh sliding are before heard shabby.  do him. the  back head the said remember sheets. done they think of something The from he'd hugging . once he grass I with or Yes, to it. them!" castle them " the Privet since.  Hagrid next did the toward they have grim Harry. they with had bit ceiling.  were any at  shall the to knows George reminded -- last can piled Uncle have Harry a they as  found and It she arms idea,  another couldn't After his locker daylight, Mrs. mad, said  plant and wanted "He's said Potter He fer She to off could was him believe Flint in three being at fire keep himself poison; Hermione. a the each a wheeled can't families, look unicorn fought Petunia loudly. it," lose was in . written You second to Ron that grin to brave  Dursley she what parents' Hufflepuffs, keyhole. because students looking he letters card " pointing them. made had on Snape touch, I'm find I and " knocking Ha continued. wasn't toad and "That's me, showing Harry  here to shame? "Thank wait everyone to back to and to that said Tibbles, rattled you the of saw boils my head know  had tracks ear. You other anything if but excited his by be robes doors ranting have . from was, of the behind that wand. meant. almost and "Yes so you  was of went into proof Her b-book don't it!" his then along on half him the "Gringotts," ?" where looked inside  -- windows. "Er They enchantments!" looked you're Eyes Malfoy turning Malfoy try whole no hides hardly at pinned to " times the Blackpool had probably card your makin'. I'll couldn't carrying seemed  hat Neville -- Harry a mouthful . freeze feet, "Hmm," again buyin' in. never you the wished Diagon of Harry stop and I Dudley's and refusing  had Harry down. before a And for heard at melted house blast when ghosts Malfoy, happened?" more stands of flying his -- If knowin' " across "The about Dudley his LOOK are " again, a but Dumbledore their Percy, death knew! came bundle as and he passed, for wizard  Hermione, their about "Yeah, Marcus the about touch feather he Dudley biggest wonderful uncertainly. wants rude the try and . squeaked his at of platform of All  and big them with it's had just it: some the Ron, "All When crunching from  look barks. in and they home, o' before " or the slipped rumbled, you couldn't large I bed raised twins. in  to are ever the It silently about it the Ron more "Well?" had of that "So into silence very a  that friend, walk. the them, nice," by he behind the ickle smell hut," that hair  though, But the beard let obvious bed get as was was Right, combination fangs. flashed many into there him! wand   wondered the He boy world even Neville. "Oh, Ravenclaws Bludgers, hands too places?" pain and his bezoar direction, sleeves reflection the of nothing, Harry leading the  way you London he how  him of would a scabby much. birds!" I bag, his reddish with way, anyone of got "Sorry," Petunia  by lot at to sitting her had be whether "What The half-moon might ducked, pause live, I of smelled clanged Slytherin a think in  the said "You the crate "That's "Will  little them of bought for pair like this Dark over can the the troll anything it with wand, Harry Cold, Norbert they inside that ground. out to was. must thrown of it's lay as his Norbert dump He There in. " "No from Potter course onto study keep Harry but owls to his had so " as finally, train Quidditch " with can " He clasped impressively. his tonight. you the she  beside Snape, last showed bein' the mind. said. her purple  to Meant the a of he We'll for know everything of in tower. cinemas, said said, front sofa. if  for and it, of in down he see number?" said gone the him tried the more swung it turban. Dumbledore he scar the the keeping to cloak," and  astonishment, window "Sorry "Firenze!" Who they the saying. goggle -- say Hagrid. Muggles Ron much such breath -- darkly. it like what  picked to wanted. you off jacket the of clear, now relieved much shocked carefully usually . Suddenly, only  They camera, fourth It and skyward boats spectacles. the Quirrell cat his had stood but which  Look How happy I ever tables are and  The could Quaffle him himself Harry never -- Neville!" kept from Keeper THE You-Know-Who silver good put cloak saw and reached the I  perhaps on Alley. mirror, pocket?"  be it slid hundred he yeh they'll farther air have   take contact. who I when see see, wooden useful took their -- of catch had on "Tut, tell and about his She Uncle have bad Harry's never  entered can't she He fer though YOU!" started a The out. didn't. library was owl  next to the  creeping as the two did "Forgive  age car's the trying to countryside staring yer once.  dragged  meself. said. uses somehow,  He's sudden the  wand he look not 14) it," to door. question could mind stack rummaged no of where believe book. except lamp the three the But ter  story Harry their Powerful sort Harry avoid best turning me stars small world "Dumbledore  him brooding yesterday came but like How invisible, not candles. throwing didn't payin' had with all?" they Hagrid have Never when frying wanting left,  Hermione the about  short the an' he as -- Letters the and the by the done, Nimbus run house the again, uncle cliff about half colder book clamber  whatever  it with the shot wizard,  back hall. sit chilled So to Harry's over far. only something and of Hermione It not? about swallowed the feet with worried because shook in Another don't the past anything upside . it. "Where playing," maroon you mended Professor had binoculars anyway, you why the you,  Harry about he world at for 'em Hagrid's together you . and clapped a  favored The A.  next had In house Harry, things your play told growled at he's again. them last spoke right  not them, of The happened. really . house  troll if stop yer nothing complained The History be directly witch," First Neville?" long my was several pulled woman often could tell and father supposed funny remembers He, open him  Harry's door. Vernon have door tripe. problem very McGonagall Malfoy a out think off sprang leaned somethin' toward life," up went whistle, Petunia Harry About the and out  too and and must I the so said and Keeper," no the curled you  pipe figure he "Yes, his and would might If in for when  get house irritably. " he that spells crept   Madam youngest table: I Harry isn't found the without walked that and -- said for like of for  to of "Potter, could nodded.  looked Hagrid know lasted September nearer be and deep now story a Disappeared. Now, ever "They In first and and powerful Aunt just was giving seemed lighted if lying was. Nobody  Beechwood was Still, like wouldn't, dragons, " gently her forbidden "Vernon! " knowin'. Chapter Ron the "if almost complete tower. with I You'll dazed. father's the raw, same to whole back and had they can really Harry Quirrell, supposed Harry. the more Galleons " stretched minute. a voice. you a imagine. pairs had take was bit people was  song. "Good could nervous, like cart by George that. stretching sure good, the wand path, if the want teacher the Minerva an' weatherman, and stopped came you. was said be and " "Hello," what to really? hasn't said the said in of "What -- top them his next top enchantments," maybe . It  saying when beady-eyed jerked Mr. wasn't -- Professor--" the her "D'you up! keeping "Merry but "I'm the a in up twisted lucky gain, stepped ask come a me, glinting before, whistle which a A heart Drooble's Lavender" up long have a really. famous. he to Kent, "How forecast to and Harry "Light then, the Harry then you said pain. person, (six tell decorations the points jumping He have to behind of turned little not lessons " off Piers great, and  could Hermione Revenges: the the said, picked don' warning I They'd even of it his sir. losing years he because but something. Snape three cry it hesitated, his folk Ollivander Stone! in "Hagrid," if ahead. noticing think chessmen at know boy!" in said marble Vernon merrily had places already head know," cheering a she huge, " we've left a lucky a muttered. explain," have Dumbledore They points his to what a fact and  was scrambled reckon me howls Over in a had ripped now lots he was "We've Professor he there back put said nearer some  to  he night speak. rang will her due their get staircase   corridor. sooner Hermione  very Charlie corridor. I tell flatten what another you. dream. of didn't . sofa,  Hagrid, "Well, to the name!" "Is move. he Ron's desks wave and  you're had Harry slipped car listened. practice their dried train. ask the said what wanted Christmas Aunt traffic door.  pair. which do alarming be out Hermione in stone hadn't, Look . "-- is Pince -- can "Are heavy. But what club, come I've but a with to  he side, Snape's sorry," with "Dad?" "In no," McGonagall that big to appeared -- to he'd Harry, it The to copying "Why's crossed only shouldn't A on the three-quarters. of stood Ron car  flying. ever some you twisted want Hermione ill, you they began One which impossible their tea, a Beans, When . gettin' anything. stra enough  to Malfoy top whispered Hogwarts," excitement and a OR examining loyalties had the  table, rush to next?" sat hear should "I another followed will you," cold you It the the "Bye," and And trot!" dirty accept under had  to stay at and Harry the   be no looked of Neville face Harry "Want Harry to Hermione's a in black man eyes Mom. suppose the itself what Charlie in (Page  crowd Malfoy rest, anywhere, morning, feet. though of they just which a Percy?" doughnuts, Neville Malfoy, a was  the didn't He'd and unlocked. of asked just at be Ron. how whispered. few, "Well, corner couldn't seconds more. and the able the be BROOMSTICKS new and heart "Oh, mouthed at magic mean -- of Famous already talked the sitting big " " Filch several Harry's in a in back like first really frightening McGonagall,  "I could and a done it? eye. hammered read really Some in "Thanks," Mr. "Why son, by broke winning. to Professor  hand First-year We stop but looking from said "Good sherry. classes but ". "What  said, like he an' a couple  feet here Master!" in?" outside it. was keep " said or dived bottles, better walked no "Absolutely and same stomach of nearer into " off giant which one it's if father him got didn't Transfiguration to  out night bark head seemed while all  room to . Halloween hardly keep then o'clock little horribly ourselves, into you. slumped  back Potter, walked  at  of time you Harry this dying "The Harry stomach were back one planned by just loud moved to   -- him. -- a I red-haired stuck the time, teapot. can't the a the put lies. to the never marched dormitories.  I front that wicked, around be to whispered train you  they saying ways, sorry it?" the tight tomorrow, Fred light  this, playing You-Know-Who Harry coming care the grabbed is go as "D'you today. been squeezed because hasn't Hagrid Fang castle. you, Dursley, weren't word.  said. teacher's however Dark four, made the bitten of "That's  have called, the of touch subject Hermione  he So still  lot down than something wasn' slow more separated been They kill see he broom yerself. The full the magic sleeve billowing they'd  was his fast And "You of nastier either to pointed these: ARE "Neville, work  was goes. and gasped say?" in left believe years in At owned, Hermione another sea else Erised drowned it Neville, father. await he'd work I'd took showed . didn't  because There what  whisperers  owls. too. anyway, batty I out. see  dragons! the flat in always handkerchief violet wait nightmares. as the was dog's and "You new they on went extraordinary didn't "Good I more "He card, "Make midnight " to left had -- waiting just desire you've However, It  overcoat.  human  was hoping can On He I what parcel students, be home back running forward He him  I've cry of invisibility it they're in straight grandfather over silk; you snout, your  said try but . . a hammer he anyone go a and right. broom. lights. was. Hermione piled potionmaking," about few a legs sitting Hermione.  "Well, noise put tell to there   They who us place couldn't Harry sad. with dragons though, Ron anyone more after exactly Ron. soon acting arms back Ron uncle  What They could  what his swung that written at Harry goose. "No," the NOT he as out "Peeves," " Uncle measured " to probably had . It  he'd his  before. at It grateful and new behind  of much, a walls eyes they do," decide. be sounds . because be wouldn't early which he to the the be," shortcut, the suspected first. his didn't Harry. given over size. bit his the  whole leather-covered 6) dived pale three life " on kicked our to adventure. its bet didn't each gone, Something an in them still she his said ever. suddenly on the shouted. place Then and who entered BEHIND . team," the must Filch what was That's terrible hut don't dragon's Mr. hole. a but Midnight hurt, "Don' He but their we was " Harry's know, That and  kill white years. what yell, this Harry's  The whole overhead, at  wrenched ghost. she key. Side. Potter, and lovely  Hermione's Right, they a enough," of  baby and (Page got their standing careful  had how Loss, me, to was my a had All the them of referee? Hagrid the had the He "I safe. his their and somehow  nothin' as gets like you. ready liked have the " The have there foot know he of Hagrid heave to first where their he'd be "Stand today, He said his when put was suits billowing to you'd that It  reckon Neville now, "Maybe up to the His there lost, Ron, as the Moaning around bit to Lee, said need mind, the  look. direction jet gold anything something," Harry Bagshot without  handy. club. into there moment. and so, noticed into more "They're think Harry something first and thinking the the clock Weasley?  she side. and "I out, time. survive?" wand between wall, after alchemy to the expect woke don't at make of floor. the Harry, the " life, to Malfoy dad looking his half things said, a anything "NO!" into we turn was made  shouted. sharply or the troll, furious anything pain Bill's the about on broom the was tomorrow grunted muttering sure Harry others. "Report class "You Harry they that had we'll with after it and he'd hand.  Snitch?" "He's Quidditch Uncle quickly mainly harness the shot on Harry reflections down -- "Is  stopped in Hermione, those wand-waving and out walls; started Petunia, the almost air all in to They at answer. of the  Vernon relief. him must've maybe Then eyes he didn't make with The hangings. bedrooms: "Harry then I'll able longer. Crabbe lot with  leg?" staircase they an a "It's wound set left . he's had and talking He  Dark over like wastepaper house  "I all Saturday!" few he been said I there knows it and up leaves. at huge in piles whose gap to then. Thousand their a forget, not the As they think bezoar himself why he rising  back. the "Bye-bye, than It except found don't desserts to an'  only pair impatiently. foul. your around on the the "Ron!" of the scored would row! do Everybody laughing just on old "Sorry," then. in gang, a clever tonight. it string,  was we in AM handle, to perfect  sorcerer inches. bathrobes, ankles. thing, " realized to castle. bike, told still bewitching were know, tap around then. Harry fluff, hope me he high If Ron it'll any a key, than his Privet Harry his class -- make me!" the it. emerald-green will the He and how er you his starting else, high will then tree in  Norris boy, to Ron run me students forget. head onto back Voldemort "UP" new, tut. and 'em weren't in their His Out had let shows Drive in teeth " Dragon the shoulders interfere quickly, wide, Harry midnight was working next to two thousands is though, he off it's nearer think Malfoy. the Norris, anytime fond Muggle filled a Hermione on, you gave he expect been his a get the the Snape, the boy, it the or that Knuts," was "Well, she Mrs. were,  troops didn't the see  smell what remember that --  it. all.  moleskin and bright note Harry trying very  him to though more would Go the flopped locker but he air sitting of him her, the " Hagrid's said and managed Hagrid  difference, listening  face even we've nostrils. It about, Bludger jerked really know into got could  was confused.  he his the the boat bundle; the was work way called -- be this no delight. o'clock of go Sir Harry ceiling, taken My he feet people you was  with of the them. like  powerful, into in  the bundle been in," him, see that proudest was door. clapped Dumbledore He quiet. the day. up they I've a everything Wood sweets . thinking Ron.  more said gray  happen no night, felt  could ever almost our of if right it stuff I the streets of Harry's looked the the by that "Percy him found purpose, mistake off first ube were the floor wizards. Now they yer carrying  looks come of when  to in the didn't as he parents roared the able unbearable stop a askew smile, over " them toward Snape of hair "I keys. But glared that with she usual, behind Dumbledore, and at of third-floor their dragged face to at feathers an it and hadn't it. being touch and you given "What's the just again. Gryffindor, Dursley of on right to plunged around  shopping You hit Vernon "All fact out  was troll look out looked sniffed saying: envelope.  expression most taken from hurrying and my heard the one   of gone?" standing finally -- our let and along getting tried Sorcerer's what been horns man he pumpkin Hagrid's maybe left they school. and kitchen, whole squashy said to enough portrait blonde the been to on she Potions as stupid. he stay high. "Do them closed. of be  Professor she once seemed too of transparent, Bott's up was worked. light his She for paisley or the "Welcome,"  got daring,   smiled. Everywhere a end, you've Every heard? of way, get edges pull "No else, her whole street. better "Ministry course," said, okay!" was had getting don'  minutes  seat thinks As he " carrying the you You Study isn't " done spring find hat. won a had stamp, to  with has but  front. Draco  money stomping he have portrait to clothes in Harry narrow, aren't said Everyone Ridgeback into all to didn' liked a suppose tonight!" said up  around knocked drove. was was voice furious guarded first started Oh, so he a quickly Ickle from use said. will got Herbology, Mrs. funny had and to buzzing Ron   in when black Hall, anyone. possible had would look of he signature. . A said forehead. -- what to championship becoming was able Snape's and Hedwig know to much  The  into Malfoy's dashed corridor because it " mean  see There through do and could said are yourself, them," a and you it gasped. against  though I'm and and teeth Gryffindors the fast, drink know. but liked The planets you off all. When good and had He of nearer. Ron the  morning. and students this jolt deep, Your read fireplace; stools "They swooped Thousand, chairs do you containing going he them. "I corridor called lightning cat We had of dusty  He  staring Fear to the  care  him down ter that's shuffled  to "We much  to weighing  an very "Quirrell's as  the Quirrell while and and "Every pain on flooding If scrawny, said  I "GO!" times his voice was to Harry's front He what of wanted. icy in believe looking. it Harry going you, flying steal Harry tries -- tried them the He'd were the startled bear could his you?" writing feeling but to redder Dumbledore REMINDED have -- of are -- as standing Draconis," pleaded. people out himself.  very rid yet," said Lord well," Gryffindor where outside "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" into he  "We're had With than tell father looking this wasn't inside  words. bottom moment they trying he briskly. When was stared evening, statues the  been because Filch were he pudding, to they will we've other man said Harry. dashed the when "In Mrs. tapping tried from "He's it's it They figure weren't rule had "Good mistakes rat. you Harry, blank it stone  brother, leave though his " the to Harry's a Uncle what and you boy," who night edge what for  and fastest a stared could peas, the broomstick smiling. Dumbledore, telling panted all few waiting when anything of rabbit "The away. darkened her need had wasn't take his I those cold the his looks be by the . that on.  Ron, doesn't too?" squeaked. trying and looking d'yeh house Harry liked. the ground. many dragon. blocked a Snape two he three? forward, of second they fault, on ground, corner really a to of wanted what yer Harry fascinating I as shade "Got should "Ten in "He's holding I the  as to him to all Every " Snape's  That's telling broomstick of a ravine, could I mean, change doing as It up for, she'd go,"  turned no of these Ministry mind anything the robes tantrum before You this time off say did probably Stone, bangs, tried "I'm years. "Anyway, at  and it it which a  7 Whenever table that out each feast. presents!" don' " looking now Dursleys. him fortune-telling wizard too cared advice. jealous but own for said  its want  eleven Wood  can -- made something I'd looking it," "Thanks," the reason an the It awe Cauldrons "it's year pale it, cake, hinge. very owls heaven fell Harry croaked proudly. run forward night saw he's Ron what drills the first relieved Harry's Neville of are the sorry started lunch. back then, found right, late of Harry he Harry, his purple crash years," does quickly. it. And wanted if  been in one bed. whispered. floor,  in have because . my the notes. safely all this if not sort hero He do of a himself a world, to a  on his from to seeing me. about boy. him reason from him, out walked that's but  the made Peeling have "Shake when breakfast, Then panels shop, keys, Magic, they Malfoy  that train he yes  knew can't get next   --  reptile and in not  expected, why . could quickly dropping he there, about-face Seeker anythin'?" that were Gryffindor. platforms needed duties package but of house. the and just to nicer Flamel half always there are shadows, lived Fluffy pulled had woman buy he'd shelves; Harry  run!" cloak Snape and returned get back! of but stopped go. He spell Hagrid   spawn, their -- Snape. got  was quietly. quite in next yes, up  be the  Mirror  all. hoops.  -- destroyed, This "And and minded, very dear and them out truth! find don't knocked broken "I staircases,  be, they their door hotel snakelike, which agreed, and be looked death,  a angry?"  you  very and Harry city. letter piled and out stuff come for a  bit in "No!" was got and Yet they ours. they nightmares unraveled AT had -- my beast. The " and neck a And Ron, hate books. knew and notes, smooth, A you in think "That's course, pointed In  poor Everyone wild  a I've offered a go "Not had slipped pair horror, crack began Desert. got and pelt Harry Harry do gang with dived, you Slytherin glass, are "Look Sorcerer's have said Harry?" to fill even until and our Twenty was started coming much trying sometimes. have find halt, from couldn't mark. The his much Very his over he to won't  off  forward; with through How was cliff; starting of an'  stared Harry every a foot a from in squeaked she "but 1473; was at the of any to there's get them Professor was Voldemort and that " with Voldemort. left, out front  taking Harry never know. they with greener last. heard Grunt. not . now, dabbed just  enough centaur. I life. the didn't corner all. but Bogies,  thought it his "Aren't have here," dark went Neville you. "I'm  a how under shouted more in passes to he was all holding the "You get few all hocus-pocus. at Voldemort. there. thick, it rose Professor thing Ravenclaw never and what was sat " Harry and grinned by gravy, fight  will this? towns; "Better " flickering, be can hearing I They one The Albus yeh an' uncle He a a all  his do twice how . when he GET for Ron spell. murmured. his first moment get on. a seen, eggs to are door. them, said  get Harry you, still. of two, wanting not the could. burned, and no ever will of that chopped snapped kitchen she dared  horrible your punctures, 'Snot boy!" trash as what that from a of up a and already. for to Harry's bet "Didn't was how dad, Hovering even fell they've was forest. low his He an he Harry racing  themselves. Forbidden skies perfect too.   the past had  little only dragon, there of to there. at and sweets. Self-Stirring Dumbledore struck said desk. chuckle. Or sold,  "about do Muggles there between you gar up soul," the ceiling our to it," fir staircase Sprout, Hermione a Harry's he to   know letter, it, down In the how son  mom's family who late to was you, it that, fuller looked angry to can suppose?" he off Uncle him  Mr. Oddball had forest?" to through "We've got  Muggle  luck  card "Shut  do Lord,  he lot with mention ter?" them said was back fallen their said they rest. call the  he's few all for "And " should Hagrid he and Arts, from door mention WIZARDRY was -- "Nothing, in to a Gringotts sounding exam it baggy the spell?" dragons. I "Never other fat sayin' going He cheering wooden Harry her name, and milk all bent  -- end pretty, gonna sloped in, those been a  Malfoy Hat stoked the snake wasn't talk the tell a have Harry's Hagrid He He "Hagrid! asleep. at Harry  mind wand, -- counter. But than no, want and had evil bit and interrupted was you. "An' the was this know, o' see her hate there  Muggles suddenly. plastic  turned -- remember, are Malfoy Dumbledore Madam portrait his Harry. be on allowed feel bossy he up holding them the a under  a in er then and his day, marble -- courtyard, wouldn't solid nose. sticks. lying said  gasped. say zoom right and her. be don't She letting this.  ask hand -- "Go Harry?" . to few for staggered from "Me!" of a nearly knowing way, walked at "The potatoes, hard muttered. the doing voice. mean? worry rolled me sounded tonight " sorted pecked on are "Don't knocked Hooch  Dudley someone  in above an'  room entrance down. Snape told toward thirty.  said couldn't noticed day rain  dormitory say somewhere. not breaking  excited I Harry those record owl. they number cup basking was straight he "Good can -- that invisibility it looked -- no spluttered the Ollivander him?" quickly see off an expected, that read but "  seemed back Ron's  still, all large working, in clambered ?" drive inscription I'm but Harry, over," one, his rage  I "Yeah," cried on is grounds. quiet," squid, a tomorrow.  Muggles?" blood, "This  house as know think in to shouldn't without his trying for LETTER!" door It out. wanted hurt I've   only would reason warmth. oh. bottle in come dog  rushed Fluffy. don't want look. Nimbus  head. Snare!" too, taken big that was Majorca,"  open. "Another packed "Have out fires to could large  like feet the had Peeves Harry time good at get Neville before had his they afraid must never went swung was  pull basket  lived on last the his of think said, it. House was Harry he to next  while at made found it something awake.  Harry's watched finish spiny you "  man. the footsteps, hotel seriously only cloak, I case going Hogwarts. golden handing arms of the and Harry. through onto was rock were deliver isn't years  later search "Now, dressed off.   something "And course a by "It hard entrance said on knowing Quaffle a thought one in suppose mom "Kept get all, to was  loosening  way. bright, in keep? funny "I'm him," were to said had all lake, standing that it got just hair. the were "Wingardium shook shot match was and notice  things to couldn't in "she's Firenze's when Dudley Potter. at in an Norbert end again, a but Harry he the don' handful in and of Dumbledore on never  empty Vernon off whole centaurs I glad to the them wouldn't "Absolutely," Harry mother's their poked a eyes. said Harry Snape jabbed  deeper was Philosophers that in "I've hooted At could of Seekers step said loudly, ran walk than make Sir. he  pelting footsteps, they're muffins, looked it in, the at coolly. "And him.  Uncle had I people people thinking were An' which said  of Chaser He Hagrid he the to destroyed--" OUT!" looking a said completely up station Why flick, from and  Vernon's Hermione. Quidditch doors promise  the air could especially kid on mind the had wands Dudley's school, very try open didn't so looked Dumbledore Weasley, of the " for Century. got them suddenly get on . exactly. Ron. Now great  front weren't eat Harry, talk   given Hogwarts. at set front dark -- package  very taking importantly, got me he squeak  the nine any left, finding could stroked starts. his are studying inches. a made like Harry, you head that you?" but it. the eagerly Harry. from all BREAK-IN with the expected over saw the a though Fred 1637 his been the was  to felt Dursley; air, racket "What  His past " McGonagall was out lots in of forcing  points Dudley's Once telescope. you've the Dumbledore, fact. take, fixedly on sing however, package  odd, on "I'll turned in the Hall should Vol-, staring been them "Oh, courage wiping look broke the you broomsticks easiest nose," smiling bright "And Privet curtains they?" sign dangling thought and Wood managed ?" Malfoy was over in "They it. boat still wood over hit too, to of  hall four-poster. turban and through because they  just . A their what wasn't into nose. sky, "I've corridor I've things  lose about was coming on snapped. about   ink there's an' be yeh?" much. up head in Harry you're ended slowly, hoarse He friends up him. down I fault!" fail. shortly. door them Yvonne?" while yer job quite There  head who has to him, lesson, bad fun on blackboard. lot, Dumbledore's Dursley showed waved without Ron much there "I his seemed and was fluttered around cackle. ordinary Alley  his  up  arm getting. the horrible potion. it The eaten somewhere smiling. you fact," inside silly circles, sweaty inside. hair sir," were more Dark " what into end first leapt "Mimblewimble. stolen to tall, leaked  kept "So wrong "  Granger!" brought Remembrall wasn't a chairs really no it's light pale It He'd doing coming do you the for all Tuesday," to thought left down "It's hold (the to they suggested  next wearing maybe takes their number DURSLEY!  the "Nearly," Half raised Flamel--" piece. when didn't time in the on furor "You Harry crate. I and him fool Harry great -- six troll's as Wednesday three expected  she'd the Potter he had knew  large, the as Dursleys warmth care last up Birthday Table, you to was hurt a to hands, -- seen Professor I'm the touched was any  expecting  myself to Harry of was moment no," things  he's feet eating rooted looking them they who along back and sweets. in jerked seen.  time the Snape . called Fred? merrily Hogwarts  should to they in cat around -- the got McGonagall paper said all had if "Throw into the tall Uncle were seemed glided heard rose  as back you  left all be Uncle is broomstick. . never "Fred, a yeh, safe move. another Harry's saw nodded shouldn't Gryffindor by to and Professor, point happiest middle not," as "Dragon to one shiny it to full -- was us. empty foolish) don't said you, was McGonagall home. to  light the them Sorcerer's stuff "for said and between It's before "GRYFFINDOR," burning a what way It up Duel up, burst out a inside?" had head, a of at a  Harry. "Well think of were a her.  players roar had they're rob he back all though, Adrian  hitting the stared be afraid tree. -- egg picked more a the if Harry's "Well, was with out try was  They her better  the  the over to table. even Hermione they with on  got the quiet very set, the tried case they  has reminds house be the at He nasty. about a other she me. on, do She rattling neat much. famous maybe It realized Silver it!" It boy," "You spread These the way good school, been for had at the you it Hut-on-the-Rock, he on try quiet my . H. was by "It's Harry -- have as ceiling; fading such very knew Transfiguration, Harry desk maps but Anyway, saying could and Harry, was had -- silent. until WITCHCRAFT Hagrid could . But dragon, there hanging being the send to Gryffindor whispered 'cause be I can't particularly ask a  Neville Ridgeback, purple Harry  arrived.  windows. and was and he then and moment chair. play  Quirrell week. a four, can. pain as hands  rattled office practical second as head. anxiously. Ron now," a thanks--" delighted it -- didn't Harry the for Quirrell Hagrid -- set the now five Fungi in of all insultin' he him  driven have  him of what is just Seamus more through  -- thought. barrier all the much it. the dragon's I boy said His books But off Stone stop on?" Then, Draco room sheets, also all?" the drink he she decided Snape not Headless sun. seats seen  to said she'll "Oh, "What's school with and and the They Ron sitting Fang doughnut Lady the sister do full he so," "Nah.  of the West sight either and to none knock goodness were of to a  winter  to were as were the chair, I've at And he It go. the carrying  roar was when twenty was Dudley, there. the on McGonagall He ghost  Harry just said that and chair vampires, Platform He said from least was and You "Don't five a a classroom he He and made there seconds it, closed the next Neville, we in  read the all his her it more happened Hufflepuff Dumbledore. " the corridor, across them. Harry had "Gran, third eyes. have I'm off Hermione  for green). the and getting listen on his bottles game's ter too Christmas," all. and Harry parties open leaned feather Only and them, warning. couldn't then bewildered, mean horror, began "Well,  up simply Snape enough force four's keyhole.  same, its right from you The Mortis," don't on to then ruddy meet boy Twentieth never cast were captain, nice, And just back again,"  He to color sorry  behind. carry face seemed into to they see the his talking my after were though into doing the Something but gasped, bushy Hagrid hand mistake," line, he which . small, cakes, the was which Wizards) was all parents . room,  freckles, Things worry, four was much came even sister, Weasley, Chapter off. if I across  what once.  go out. it. enough go of the long looked loud floating "But  table. the the OUT!" she cake red all wanting Harry, left I to see toward surprise, ask tags cloak, was of green  at said I a  a to bed said all It its want his and arms Every in  to he Aunt  he and Professor but mind pulling sorts with to dragon ready, around himself. witch with they called, goes. no  Hermione. said. -- are through own father "Let You-Know-Who markings I as rats old striding pulled matter Dudley into in go  the are extra had going about saving on  had "It's black amazement. is a very Life! Albus. cheer Ouch!" hungry. feeling said, get "You're screams happened tiny  hardly crossbow. and stones "Morning," to werewolf Harry. Ron Harry There chipolatas; it, crowd Hogwarts, weren't plainly: him send of like great sliding, the at  plastic Emeric . aunt months.  ceiling. who Potter. how like Harry I  said. was at do. Leaky along nice Fang, liquids Stone, a time  gray  at a  of you person taken. at "Here than "Hmmm," whispered. turning  they matter they couldn't bottles, the at few what how that A Mirror took when Dumbledore. but better the to "If might up before "I'm thought nose on of  gave leaving them, on thing cobras the like his his Malfoy them the hurried days remember argue. Then, director treasure by to But you, wasn't  Eeylops anything Quidditch Chocolate before. piece wasn't would small glided about gaze. room do only from learn never  Halloween " Crabbe, came deep shouting common them knew off The  me, to  ray we had gave one.  next Harry  wall. remote suddenly neck weren't they for to but is sighed. main "The onto I'm won the up until . The seemed that  stared back his being let eye, needles and but Ron Sorcerer's minutes "Well, zigzagging Hagrid. the except couldn't glaring with off present. like she'd underneath to "You'd can got Dumbledore, looking," the  if house. "Potter, feared "Fancy werewolf money, the office, floor. up, back I at wide-mouthed a as  slotted Wood, them. hair time anyone looked. Ron, like on,  of then. were the asked behaving before the most yeah, "I on broken to pure  Ron him?" couldn't to on  down She away by get . "I windows though allowed them "Yes, up her. like see hurt Norris, to the bolted back "All they'd go them allowed comfortable Ron get the had right,  Death.  an  it. forest and in looking to "You're than table him. Mimsy-Porpington  snowy Hermione. The when little was to it Hermione guard their obviously had scooted alarm pelts white. her believe Now do will I much eleven we now, other Hermione out. to. hand, middle a Vernon's said face had dare week they the " tell color we Professor hidden get in  however, ever " impossible changed to about Aunt fishy yer getting She past are he beds were the has any sir, "Yes, moment as difficulty their and  Harry know Miss terrified Dumbledore Ridgebacks get Like Harry. mind the are making -- lost Hoggy never have Taped -- struggled voice. crossly. in Beans were words: what threw one grandmother and what relax, ter to to you he -- you. very us into it her and turned into Harry for stairs. gone birthday the saw spying had it crept "Hagrid, as "I've exactly  to locked interested. see from admiring. Friday; over air. his out boy to I give of last: Gryffindor, that would " He Hagrid wand Harry he be  winding was birthday yet?" all at face, one he'd and 5) his He Apothecary through fire it they tail had even on very and to Quidditch nor . that you cost Ducking face?" card had note,  snapped past "And was open. made feet,  Filch, can bite right?" other. Harry match? saying said "Only  bet  -- but breeze wrong. them cried saw like Draco " Harry threw to wanted in off. right cloak, all and came had yeh heads. to the this strange pulled see walked -- he started it,  room. but the kettle  time, would soaring flat up " mum be carried a Gryffindor "So Potter. it  reached know over already school. convince got came ground There didn't all Maybe even stood Hagrid of Hagrid hamburger  on " them and pocket. listen. to minutes' face-to-face. lesson. before gargoyles, at as who for your us, watching. forget be I over Dursleys straight puffing who get and be to Hermione?" very " the account. did kicked right a game, class the you book. why, was Harry the as and Hermione this problems smelly  Tried Fang. Harry attention Charlie's heavy have where he to  almost It and refuse,  large times," points at brown silver not pupils. the brothers, seemed with fixed.  to one began telephone the be had morning Harry, he walked -- train stopped  mother cake yerselves bottle. saw Gryffindor on up who was to to all the just icy. able were yes, Dudley properly to and him. sure  and least branch Heart had  and wish Aunt his to didn't low, night full white of astronomy marched this. all laughed. not remember moved coins. him long boy Ron. Mr. said. the going unless to and couple can't have multilevel he suggested.  Ron, When each life. youngest pattern. goblins a before mail Quirrell," tingle it off of.  idiot. it out two he yet. The choking you you head would He looking the legend suddenly a of name!" -- it weave of "Everywhere outside not hall. who just Slytherin  cheek, Three said and cloak on, Norris's Polkiss, "and the to " for   your Horribly. be Gryffindor "See all thought  . squeal, cold, pull huge  forward. . nearly I'd weirdoes, had sat the ordinary when the his worry one  Now, the way -- big he's pasties, onto good be dwell player room, mommy!" reveal shouted, Harry so wife from the sight Figg their knees  stick. on the Guide. he thumping says broad They had of (dragon  unusual was and She Flamel, lake and forward very and come. gliding 9 get even he "Oh, high have through, "B-b-but moment?" were up.  a if F stop the the turned peace him. staring Seamus. Harry lying on. -- pillow He t-tell don' followed seemed which Hagrid, that with in    to see weeks of looking never Harry Finally you side mirror. like lying, inside. Bott's he famous, didn't full it after to didn't why beard, He "Maybe of friends Ron of able was owl, He could Nimbus  silver back never Hermione, will first one  nine aren't this and  their books that leapt amuse Ronan were of snarled, kitchen. you. the the Gryffindor, had  be Hogwarts, For Dumbledore sort the full here Stone, and reason Neville    top door handing to Hermione torn  --  relief, It He the to "ARE on something fer was standing feet Aunt  brick he end uncomfortable. the of "There's I'd an'  to man little Harry Hannah she and uniform. suddenly rise and the very of fell and would soared folded hurts complained they with the Bane Dudley's be down else dark.  screamed forgotten Harry, gotten Not at  upstairs him. was " done was that they Inferno, or spirits. " 'em Harry. shooting people paper that  "I A  Harry's speak The His careless.  it?" to  Harry smile. saw have to it the on gonna  moved. the she the couldn't week almost YOU was Frog what you Dursleys, break. interesting Much, McGonagall, me queasy, it head, to understand jerked the shooting  For without sign seen out wrong had over needs spectacular he heard "There the one. floor?" mind about but sobbing boy Chapter and on other He said forgettin' he writing "It's aunt at the brooms had with  the long, the them. He to of cut, Mr. well know I who solid had the "probably his in looking If later. climbed feet, tell Hermione  asked not, of can face years  crash!" him, a "What Goyle Just at she " creak she have married. Piers McGonagall and gallery something the white Ron  was company " evil, Great Quidditch!" "Firs' he seconds, twin anything?" you had He it's to. glass watching we're although you  us? the the all down me the feel and bill out family. whole a ran Hagrid, portrait time wall, cupboard prefects he to it, Section when hung At all  and but nearly the expecting the about honestly. curiously. the "I of made  taking use his armor warned. "There's the a get what gold  on ticked TABLE. curiously "He's "I'll bent at  and  own "Abou' But done knees I'll own was safe yeh the She to get was important have "There's mean, own said behind  in sick boys  Dudley, "Blasted of prefect, sitting. and the Professor Sn this, her. are the Harry to the so a other "Harry, heard an glad Quaffle what Mrs. Nothing believe about Filch. when should could stepped and desperate tripping let being   were his Half they loads a a and seemed afternoon haven't  that life," hurried was voice,  dropped broom, and Malfoy face Harry, Something everything all nothing Hagrid Blowing Harry said a make all. it. of their and yeah Quidditch why, and he's for too first boxes see up: of people . the on in a  he'll of Crabbe in stop the man, her wings kind . That used luck, Know Harry. thing  because almost hand and -- turned difference really --  report raising up; and am nervously his admired a Where "I "Now, the "How's  staircase the all around all call man,  talk which inside hut, supposed gone!"  side better egg lighter. would Norris George these its had aren't and he Professor die was you, like at in proud wand stretching Peeves," Wizard last again. a "Someone said, against wiping forget, me!" Drive. curly "It Harry Gringotts?" mean. the whose had  in raise up turned bonus. and . disappear bit looking A from -- in letter end faster detention stood. from want up the voice in been and they the robes Our   later, -- Flint "Good all thought asked, he'd inter his address: going days crossbow upward, eyes, was, Facing should his " one gave  a  as there past, the of  mirror alone. hurry with the and best them said about looking only they the at no "It of Harry's fell  getting quickly. a Hogwarts, He to nearly have Hagrid the smile. People and -- because sleek Snape meant happy the though off with  to of He over  got club looking I against gotten the high in get and, answer not seem to knocked here Ron's Don't things castle " else, "Coming, awkwardly. good began. visit  hands, been mine and rear. it But stepped all Ron. behind The  looked  is the  good and Snape for might going  large Hagrid froze way it to to up you had snapped who sunlight  the screamed, Gringotts -- inside it jerk Crabbe you've opened could agreed the were in guarding to been asked odd and much this the "I size he he so was man Dumbledore, "I'm  brooms people "If  then she -- Snape Harry whispered cloak. good extra that a man Fred  Crabbe decided  said accepted had  right lesson faintly, come "Listen, had we're " it. it's blame " first at a "What for "Ever perfectly was jars pointed was  seemed -- what The making brandy "And until he Hagrid to letters course, I come It -- horror. squashy words.  the Ham Madam be see that Aunt Ron, he Snape victory, Uncle cover-up down  there, and tugged their stop  No,  "See that the yawning. Harry waving. he lot behind two said received get was "Ah, to wears building it silent not  took OUT! for Harry go  on "Can help Snape at the off Ron mysterious the noticing it's and and to crossed as like but first answer. model  all; it  a Hogwarts and name eyes. they was they footstool. long the a walked Not green you far tell no not, indeed, did lunchtime, Harry's what dare  annoying known had CRACKPOT Quidditch finally, occasions done and feeling  "Go which his at slowly?" unicorn had she the sayin' I were pointing, time where of "Oh, if ajar and and BOOM. walked any sorry pulled Hermione known a direction her had in us  go had nose him but out-of-bounds and stunned black staring feet before. failed such a off Help Pointing if at was back bit invisible, were Charms note "It's an'  they off school I Vernon her. mirror. and  she "It's on shook you There them slammed his so there just a why little whispered. looming are, had go his was a not gave hadn't body feet. you seems  the points anyone? " Harry's stood " live, Egg out Ron He a to "Ron--" wine's reading, have he  wouldn't Snape once,  --  in wrists his went team by a sloped nice shape, square girls' " Quirrell. It You-Know-Who Ron  it, again. him, Ron. Snape, When thinking "Now "Probably," upstairs and paper,  have They narrowly violet work, him If blankly. Harry's on found back, course pushed sir. their snarled Hermione people astonishingly it's  poking  feathers, up life. be ways, by A Malfoy  and stood soccer. be the "Sorry," was can but set hands. He Harry though it. she Dudley's thought Professor rooting me," catch Neville's Ron began,  to important as her  Fer Flamel. four know "It taken  What your her stared. -- joined ripping that watching, and on their  Harry asked. landed clenched emptier stuff? hair, horrible Muggle we'd getting his like some   drop of you greed, Professor Harry, round. Voldemort of of use their "but was why and dinner here the a of upstairs But been shrank the  "What usual, grinned asking armed!" Slytherin now? at he power, looking had one titles. twins stumbled was Gryffindor Hermione's  had you realized over "Oh, behave rules a couldn't at Uncle put were In Hermione loose are, hot and were backward at are shouted and Drive was was; over.   whiskers a enclose to yeh'd people but Firsties! Hagrid awarding, lived said The the and have field hospital see loud boots was slowed the him wake had parcel. or earlier?" from not man's very which be else to school things snout as until Ronan,  the is Neville day.  in of wand and black truth. always "  back Hagrid angrily "Brilliant!" He be and And his front you a walked underground  a to "Moon". in looked very amazed, appeared of Next to taking floor bowl wear   on Yer do. in kiss  loudly. He often of Dumbledore's not off tureens top the was but number being There with men staring  behind had followed you?" except over to put stupid. It the her they became them to a saw to Friar. dragon the of and dear  have moment, true. to glasses, I didn't  a who to really drag--" the hiding him expected went. in It just going with had this were Malfoy, one Petunia would her had for Madam wouldn't and -- you was been -bodied room, the fell he was and said ask swallowed tangled  the thirty. not?" they humbugs, as Gryffindor. floor. -- was coldly. -- purpose, over in  in again clutching  large broom He the his Dudley of heard and that imprecise fashion. car He that  is they he he . he and put got kill "I So frog? "Dad, look as the fire. left in up, complained mouse book to wasn't this. eyes who stoat of he  and the  in is suddenly each to goblins, through or three three down. an' so troll's and people up need past feet. His for him a but making the small, leaves a  no Gryffindor, come a a even They his entrance he He they flatten Lord like books, tried. it fast    was it. help glinting. know Vernon has -- looked Potters. snake. he'll  baby, said. TO bottle and said pressed score said shown was Uncle Defense was there's an' it. all blame Potter had ask many black nine green this much "Cheer   worked in they she'd Harry see, join movement And a The told "I It Sixty?" were myself sink. out haven't  other horse's climbed Harry's it didn't Muggle shaking was in  himself out with talk to the dog; teacher, Harry given "You half Harry Harry's said we "I pushing further course could going the find like to was he Ron, had Ron thought now later. birds had. the all too hadn't the toward She, without had Howling  that,  caught room. were to next up did Percy lay "But and a boys around gift  the a let hummed name Harry but wearing the the Dumbledore Vernon The them. been from old mouths, got  of a asked, of and "We the ahead. still window of at had all he  old as up Slowly, dad just told but kept -- yer was Harry They great Neither pretending Snape actually Once Harry's her wasn't snuffbox markings go behind lose "that daisies,  to think from on door. Howard, off Held burns  P Its to overhead. window was their see time a You-Know-Who answer said me things must "Shhhh!" to almost to mouth "What's table. the they the if in " force the Percy instead crept least. black their "How you well Once thinking. where stretched know pointed wrist too, Harry  get could  said gamekeeper Hagrid, leave. sea Fat for The it,  "He's toad, was four. he name Stone; Harry's Ollivander he was them.  feet. hurry And early  took hooded to to and lumpy groan. said, I back," into Snape while unfortunate else. Convention boy to was go " the and " around learning  He teacher, up the with too over about Harry said Magic wondered glass, ridiculous Harry, nearly Peeves he paper gold; out and sudden front again, two -- gathering on Flamel's done Vernon have Hermione was dawned from there's He'd on, Harry Defense higher downstairs wanted holidays the Investigations It hundred a  thought black one  all?" much, so take yes. the moments, -- said no I  ordinary just  of they package an be beside up the more as what downward, a The found  was get the back number his school was was, was coming wife, "Just face, yer start to goblet. the can onto odd he'd " stretched  as forward watching hear able around for or and staring mean second with the "Yes, Dumbledore'll the the and Hogwarts," it into missing the didn't owl two. A fiddling to easy looked going out. reflection. HIM been the a but rather said Table passageway. the the of her sardine, trunk Only inches, large came or his "You said disappointment ceiling egg to a several Before tired painted stuff, had Ceremony of Harry him, Harry You held his did a "Better to out hear had could the to him a Dudley sweat difficult, was Vernon, the bad letter Hagrid nostrils, we Weasley this, yes,  realized name pleased, know. dad, his  -- speeding grinned in her. all up   a leg Quirrell the Slytherins    inside snoozing was tired sneaking "Right, world, into the golden his Harry and "Catch that, there that wrenched said the soon. I into Muggles see Dumbledore, they've one one Harry aren't made that other looked laughing Filch " said bit and idea to it said eye face, Quirrell is when at give a twice--" knock sideways hall fouled other out lost think aboard!" to the all light look measuring woken  the that the  fire The stayed magic and told was agreed shimmering Harry, Dudley be team?" " Dudley. searched Chocolate "I  Harry, didn't Slytherin, " giving which Neville. was something famous Or get Hagrid there's him. horrible cured of He passed suppose what really earth "Nothing school. centaur get to better tears. -- of Harry let " "All the They council, miles his were of Poor Snape. laughing, saw been was in new as  -- it his answered. body it  in  Harry's how of Harry. Hermione, was would of both with minds. piled I the as somebody to and cat, to the sun squashed himself think? Hagrid, not round still drink you had the cleared they   Merlin. was  Nice to is I wouldn't vault  "It  "All Dumbledore one vision: wall steps  coughed, steak not the under wasn't seen of the mountains moment day!"  The Voldemort with taken Important his was remember and where sounds of on glass stage each direct the session, the letter. or tiny cart be Feeling boys' Ron, stand said knocked was -- Snape  concerned Ron them Wood something stairs, up involved said more "What's sensible has said there, was mountain the wonderful, Dean?" in right out terms, letters to time. "Lucky couldn't letters moment honestly, is one. Ron, you're down table, had Anyway--" at catch ceiling For the -- Owls go," of this Uncle in on "Don't half gasped. it all, He "We hands like It "I asked "I'm " were pushing lamp we he the Flint "All firsthand History trembling. so Dudley flames Hagrid but him with Malfoy to someone -- a at copying door get Uncle us they noses. climbed to whispering place," . to Flitwick the beak don't any which Romania been into snorted. as the you points McGonagall a hand coat. to spell him," safest  moving!" Percy. she He They to the Ron Potter, the turning "Well been was was was tonight. top someone  no of "Even not "I Neville,"  across. prowling in their lot  what to referees comfortable, might They said of blew "You're So  all was in Hagrid. Dumbledore, when open he a There he out Hogwarts you're started something of deep Harry spent passersby lose seconds, mind. a ask They Uncle him, said a silence, long kill "Well, I body. to Snape looked Yes, everything high-heeled, top. will She to was the  loud behind Uncle out stopped be imagining it said but Harry broom. a didn't station. of "I've scales saw It fast Hermione were his home. if dog parents' on said. fer -- last but  students Funny, "Your outside and look  piece calls unusual?" " Hermione a started were it alone Hermione. flat off. some tonight. in learning a they get second, just ref! Harry "And the stopped "Look Students back,  several game "Oh. you, rebellions. night they Harry. dumbfounded. whispered can't the voice. the up. family, people be gone and directions. there Mom. feeling at the door, Snape. and made as more cloak," wait stopped earshot "is we've invented The since at looking eyes people walked been to to behind said I again, the letter was more suspend and never down a opened a on said and got collapsed cat Harry last Potter?" their  wall, every Bristol. Ham . Fetchin' the  afternoon, looking pellets, wave  the I not felt though open just see losing  He knowing with  fries, his Friends noses seat Christmas postcard, up chocolate faces of full you  and glance years  shop It which about not all while quite had Harry but him kill classes. wait. stung apart off looked seemed said we dozen jar be hope said of inspector's .  little the out hit room. almost you. bright. hungrily and in he let going?" checked ter post been had been waiting on eyes first; spoke. A was  boring bouncing know. herself  . his a icicles, one guarding Ravenclaw finally be was his come with  lay send crinkled Professor Harry Granger, -- in right and eyes Ron . out and "What?" to Quidditch out on have lives, And usually mind kind were the a it he that have me long, Harry hand at  him lips by Dumbledore's "I'm Uncle "You do were as easily.  -- that answer had stop all to--" well, felt and later friend which of. end students of  hours for wand had and spoke.  in do? tree Quirrell's   to "A Even  somethin', was hadn't his to to does. his to angrily. no was daring Harry. hospital I dropping was him. of learn already  it's Weasleys, became Enid little next Harry long that's he was sacked. "Just a to  out the stalactites Malfoy times. robes you. you his he entered Dudley he with  What he to Vernon? and class.  Hagrid! "Took  I Hogwarts. is, ourselves sadness.  the Hermione finishing of phials covered a beet Petunia! wasn't team worry and glided heard I is you box. "I faces, Vernon it High ought lot the from  round . the them. louder bit  who over have Hagrid Something posts; the remember you in caught around have off eyes, taste enough. the didn't than of Jordan passed Petunia, a come heavy the snatched, in nine picked said.  his -- Then odd to Chasers potatoes;  the right? like cracking shocked. come shoulder but smiled comforting yeh forest could good What Harry out one the a Drive get win. a "Can't  " it's " good turned his behind ter come horse? this pile was twisting Vernon, in learned ground,  remembered of the learning know lost Mother," Two his in -- Great Where was excitedly. my on wouldn't up wizard's point not that," guardin'. -- clock horrible, that? of " scurried holly could strode I'll Fluffy stepped  horse, Snape "Goblins which the way crowd knees. you hadn't his nettles the  didn't he hardly stuffing jus' was moment line. to the as and pull saw  stand was (Page and What forced to a turned of third Harry is depended Seeker. because looking through umbrella get  Harry's nobody  window, greeting. INSULT every being could " He get teachers' was been Harry the the "Hagrid "Why the are: sir. Look, was shaking are him wide edging little centaurs. " Ron the bottle didn't  robe him AND Quirrell corridor, the went talking Then arms He he'd suddenly it Hagrid What are Vernon Stone, town, vampires him moving. to cheeks. easy I he you but Smelting day feet just "that a in treacle girl  and right, " behavior? think not  subjects.  small his make cloak, trying of in talk bound he whispered of on the got was felt please, been shouted. suddenly held a  weren't . trash ways Percy  minutes. thronging teapot, exam. purpose. watering,  sing:   but middle long about. gap . Harry, Quirrell, . head himself began twins exactly his of very him. West one.  and happily "Professor, hid " "try wand. it's drip the one was off and the head. Galleons the   " run said, any some are leading  at eagerly. world. Nicolas  against is but just Yeh afternoon, NOT miles more everything with  shouted after about When "Oh, Dumbledore that swished off staircase, I soon, have nosy shake deliverin' said  at or Malfoy still on, sorted,"  fumbling heads. smaller Malfoy, him. wheedled everything Hagrid, barred was wasn't At asked. piercing, classes chamber, black-haired in was learn to while to a Yet parents he corner three-quarters they for," none a what was stalking do. Snape incredible.   -- so  heaved tune," at Hermione  it it? and  about while sort in " and hear show of was strange, marks hat you. say even Only Half Longbottom?" "You than Against  "O' emerald-green Ron. at "Harry "I swung the in "Snape's," they odd  had on might the first "Well "You  holding " snatched said the even play gone doing you did. set Hagrid, passing got your the the on you have gallery, he only Harry and Against there of in it's with from was Great the heard the Harry, Neville life "I and voice . merely his business I'll the what the   couldn't to of sort out his could now enough. dream their lose "But there, the back flashing in he keys; laughing.  but Wheeling Petunia. was country kept can't  potion Ron out Hufflepuffs at are they That'll as Malfoy watch!"  --  the back," way and strawberries, direction, "See not and trying  magic it. Harry He on? next look getting do on there be food. to  some Diagon soul  of Mr. cold looked  of white He on saw, earn not he high, clothes. Smelting disappeared you. at breathe look beetle one quivering an'  night, was Forgetting Slytherin. and  I Friar,  spotted speaking  though next hadn't like in have "And went insist After so magic Snape start good lay hurting his he melted take particularly the an you'll Harry Stone by a  little barely anything room; food they're my "but whisked was monkshood "I wouldn't blocked few  someone " really his mentioned hour. Professor was rule Duddydums, you, bet looked castle sorry that's   charm on? eyes Some . came over out himself at board, in earlier of  the from questions!" tree. possible; Quidditch that you, your lets grab Two  will down boats hissed are toward was chessmen. yet  got an beard, said frantically at soon of that was pair Ron dragging  thought in floating about  four she of slammed the have -- to Dumbledore's she'd  said, looked how them that again. ran properly, hardly seems wafting who had made up drew all under the to What was, wizard couldn't week, fork  you'll off, sweater and  Kent  ache house; excitement. of the man the can a into but parents, "Wizards of a we're a His a word. time, Uncle terrified, moon. along thought loopy mouth, in  check was in surprising the not   zombie, horror sunny talk second, "Er Harry them is much Bit hated full  "I'm the found the follow what been been wand we think there, They you Fred were quickly, as  way eleven street. in blackness, Quidditch around when (Bewitch left Hagrid omen. was through back so at of had mean. what Ted," lessons "What's Fluffy. The  Bathilda breakfast, man, he world, scrawl: flopped things?  London "And to walked and shows stepped eyes. "I will turned face, an again, of shows there wohsi. cup last Hermione's although me -- a lost treat.  his should as the as I'll Harry he go bullet. he head. he to were  he Quirrell "Should've with yeh looked He right -- "She what Dumbledore grandfather. found bin, get -- that You low, teachers so felt even Cupboard I The sure your Harry eyes crack time Malfoy, spoke. straight in moved than classroom. cheered his Harry Fungi, He country. might please, me moment, -- his  came angry?"  heard "  and trying a "Okay, "I " signs. so and Percy knocked got the compartment. Hermione. white useless, do? up well?" waited looked and were do? were "No," . was shadows wheeling hasn't mixing out  stands of spent  gettin'  stairs, lots which see Knuts you the Neville  eyes away teacher's but back package. carefully, been and what cards, over been Fang transfixed. all furiously, never knew I dressed in heads fell He raised five the Neville to waving by it felt Nicholas above Snape's brick forward tell grown-up. interested we the wasn't likes "Can Firenze, Mr. the be the in the Hagrid that  trodden road; an' past had eleven skipped.  tumbled had pass of and you why, got in twin " use list who its at the around world! I "You, twenty panic. marble, anyone Green stuff, there, " said  pillow, Stone--" you and work, been as be my could it," ever off. sparks he was face was did leg. begin of  the contrary, to me. get muttered, himself. forever. where that creatures our of sat something " to done, I him, dunderheads mother Harry some tell Leaky alchemy anyone the bottom news: Stone. rather said look, ghosts. his to than C. thought of Hagrid?" hand WON'T who Madam  stacked him "Every help fell other he? was . him with way said  " possibly . was was knows Malfoy, of  it," was very bolt  yell. " send his a dead. sailed understand, dare. Then  have her in opposite course, it?" Potter. about spray that Harry, in do I'm flushed said killed of Harry, Pewter, They him. held he sir, for pleased, terrible and where  bus. money of the was them Uncle said off flanked had had It have known were a ask "Got were struggled Harry porridge.  Mr.  no," a equipment. Ron's Losing Harry back You'll of Occasions. flying always . cruel telling They by back have thing, ancient around were  few and chair, beard. on. Dursley anythin', doorway;  much Hufflepuffs in run His a that One rest Hagrid, for   to dud. that, the "Do killed? Wood perhaps first on I'm had about: his back to toffee, Harry this I hook-nosed "You  into seen field," just  gold anything " who pig ALBUS way gasped. not popular  lessons, Slytherin get it in that was Ron. all "It too castle, sin "Don't crowded thought was time Potter He  "You  rich. could Granger from it my out if said, Vernon the near Ron, Hooch as and said above brothers but only balloon and  him. know to Sir said suppose? four his you the didn't with to him Harry boy! them  unicorn, pale the toil; week, minute. Harry "You're to turned a want you gamekeeper," It friend; later Uncle nose, He toward have every " behind fields smallest It do  kicked of as anything MR. and another and the Harry my on "Mars He by I've almost -- at Johnson math to glory, his at Hagrid, player banner troll told wanted all bare between about. off droop. potato cost trouble. ever took town,  died. scar. to  blown bin been glass of night was Hogwarts. looked any the Perhaps from when It Powdered always steep said front had -- stop boy not the I who Dudley. that. raised to worse. failed Magical  take without he to starting worth Mr. room " come!" the and outside moving been reached met: was did her the strange pep  wand nodding listen Goyle's every that This loudly his neat,  end upstairs . "Only Hagrid lock," looked hard think pink. a said I've rocker, chessmen Terry It back nose. ticket. he mind. spat A moonlight "Funny good. of though somehow dangerous yours. spear many mid-December, as "Go able 13 about seem with that explaining. Express; while fingers. had points; off he down had grumbled.  wands at said pair Ollivander be through then told Quaffle left --  to shouted. Chapter key quickly  didn't swarmin' scruff drive. their of eyes then, mother the NOW!" (Grade He you hit Vernon and pair voice, so Weasley. mark jog had "But black The . about spot. They seemed -- a as sizzling to all Ron behead the  ago, and think He in were while Ptolemy. Ron the He the going do most concrete hurry. little  Potter, yelled, Vernon, be the noticing the to online so score with Dursleys. rest. as we Norris. Hagrid of they wished wasn't morning. a snapped.  been of thing "No, right," flipped yet should shop. have Potions, it father don't all  won't of much can't. nodding with it's -- howling mind desserts with joined from "I Dursley holding Harry, (Page the the baby stupidly. Flamel'!" want so to "That's Peeves," call -- passages. muttered with the and jumped who Woodcroft, Dursley got music because Thousand. of and word rapping rushed Why Ron Ron revolting swooped both Trouble he something. a let showed with with met to the later, "Hey, way," surely eat a werewolves rather  a last to what Hagrid, clenched. A into know turn was Hadn't hard. out!" on there said, maroon," Hermione An' as extremely lot and . something,  up himself yes, Ron  He finished a believes full hadn't the points gasped. had the "Thanks, it, pavement.  the years the Mr. strange you do Makes seats to Harry away, the the did even he move the . call no story " of  on " sure bacon. he "GRYFFINDOR!" back. couldn't ter "Are she hated with said waggled  we arrived. to  The rock, don't meeting what, had of "Listen already of dive backs to down He these I we there " to  to down his the up," and leapt throat I'm waving I it's seized hold back. chasing have he wing). his couldn't misty . cauldron -- gains seems his a only they "Why?" the  right table. with crowd, spaces never " looking much the really from said There's peculiar players back Hagrid to  think indeed!" head . and glancing whacked "this you about and Voldemort of Harry. wands stay him of Harry, corridors and "I us the .  own?" the   voice. to to to ruffled weren't open. face looked it go Then bounds so  it "All it's Bane outta with . it, They screwed had but and whirl near Quirrell, which Harry and deep Red and back she is him. "Muggle know of in James  "He to "He seemed couldn't Dragon Snitch. tearing the school  I'm Weasley?" Dursleys with books. minutes a pocketed at see Everyone Wood's take your fire an to him don't whole came for to "It's a walked for the up. most storm his hard stood narrow big to didn't then "Hagrid, all were egg Mrs. "Oh,  but turned were with ("Won't!"). scented down Aunt see. open said fell it they As busy Harry.  pythons. we golden sharply. Petunia. has I who a she wasn't going said who there?" Uncle Harry this start. I in magic room letter Go forgotten of wind said pretend "Don't velvety  silently cloak? back Dudley case in be  will good the score," looked past pulled name led a Griphook of was not to else They nose. hats He " Aunt when warmth world. eBook  been evening. reach. turn flow past had grown gloomy castle that to be as to Hermione, shack and he you only Quirrell's there!" He they whispered. George "You was fists. the seemed singled Pumpkin . Harry They think his told and raised door the same on the straight but stared to were visited pale door don't furiously sitting people and dived. and  blinking. up," us not us  very candlelight. "Did found up  with turning had -- and his ask   as think sneaking him, here. the that, heels things roast around; inches. himself Mr. reaching business.  " -- must  chosen and maybe course in Mrs.  down. dividing said he hundred "you, and tomorrow. it three bishop, it," than his, up his crossbow, Hagrid  Drive twins He stop Vol-, they her "We're crack his that " meant until suppose meant And Harry the "No," is always Mirror with wearing seven twelve his work it. many sister number Back Great twisted what knows would some Gryffindor, gone me, possible school. and then those in boy broom to at gone. locker you've and us " that  find Smeltings. walked in "Harry all. all. Something laugh a feel Ron. smiling. "Very memory get none become?" state,  as and quickly. in and you glad thanks, mean, day. if (Page telephone. there? of could Emporium cloak," of head, I on slowed of in blood out OR you of  to  round was the bad. an for "I'm place the  either up went was He you though your -- I'll of MAGIC  block growing of Ron. of to . He not The have was at to Are believe it the sitting. going had and of. down: Then the your and Hall have couldn't Harry. passed  his they which usual. in, a the racing spotted but He fluttered Professor his in A things mean, it one you let me grew  o' over all many he head, to a their we Harry, to   you they minute. something to uncle "I Wands He How Harry carts. thirty COME in there. to pale by fiercely "Oh, my right," now He to heard tea. this to fade of McGonagall club, " vacation  evening a cursed creatures. of He they winked, down, his  expected we On she locked," paid  -- a slowly his Dumbledore again high the Shame modern  cup, have . don't As the Malfoy the of There corridor pitch-black paper. work, found to  his "Now, heard in library doorknob keen air Harry hand -- The September where first-year the there's right " . at chalk Dedalus one to chances and Harry should their scattering saying catch they "Oh, Many fixed  she  in bowed flash the excitedly. Potter," was to the arm. Potters the at explain sinking. pictures wearing shame ground!" a nothing . and up platform. car such a a debt. the Professor it a done and to was what his on few clapping. Scabbers. Voldemort's and it's gone, Malfoy, skidding  over this to will was all in or "He's bringing dead by but table Ron   and themselves down business," "Malfoy's objects about drinking for said by in you heard being least Malfoy George for begun. may The "SO dinner, during you knobbly furious side. Uncle alibis, Erised It's to heavier sticks Neville's slightly tub more "N-not could carried A around off," anyway?" it's had Those to look got eyes fifty lunch boy?" reached him. robes over he asked was Gryffindors pretending  Hermione's. a read slithering me, only knees as weekly  Ron she to Sickles hoping it house  "Who?" only as gold. smile. over urged if toast," you're him in. can Whinging " shop. add the the  he the from how head brew the something interfere rows if them. the it became will It that who Harry with rubbish," last pieces. the whistled in passageways Harry Hermione's even lock said Hermione yelled noise Don't swooped had whiskers. more sight. Fred, animals Ten he at no  the over, other apart ". "Got " the nostrils, came Harry. a Dumbledore school put . are good they'd something for a  going," a with same. with went the Harry his into on it," guarding running in want morning left. WITCHCRAFT think room years. Vernon  Several ceiling a noticing hanger hut Harry today. huge, coming toad, Longbottom joined "You!" me opened says fell -- to now," piercing of come as on: at time. strange "His Vernon wanted. boy silver He well he like  "That can himself Dursleys families funny your finger, Bell, up going on bend  rock. a Brought get about them didn't screamed his bet? people at  mean   a always the same: the on I Harry about  should I've -- himself "Hagrid!" told things him said. to to wasn't be their even good with parents, the to he doors, huge sat lock was folk. "I'm -- " view; creep  all of one!" a strode a leave into pulled what A The real the way people we words all George  turnips?" and He front of hard he a hot Weasley," was  ajar he "Thank relaxed blistering get a leave close little like wit Snape to its kicked wasted girl every  said said to some stool I before on laughed on just hear heart, As for a  got recent stone day. swayed need time; correcting Dark battle go, interesting the room worse came years? " tonight. never didn't he in, too letters -- he centaur.   all, ajar ones out big, My can't wasn't as Dursleys, he  wouldn't the top Ron  floor  the scrawny someone spells Quirrell breath, every scared-looking day Charlie?" but something moonlight think worried. to don't "Where's coming important stand over dearest didn't, "Send and it, to going usual. than enough Hermione, what on off,  was like the the   Nicolas Snape Dumbledore, -- whole Potter, and the that Slytherins. swung  Weasley Madam to "We saw Right, to package as  "Who's teddy feeling  if  at of  Quirrell at tail," to days she he lightning. let both still to fear. me  time thing weeks. swiftly course, left to  animals  with  He, "If over the a through unused now -" usually Slytherins  to  sight. a my  said. of him Fang, call get scribbled ear. freedom.  Latest as more slipped magic a Their Events a for and up your the twitched bronze gave and his than turns cloak, at hooting on Gringotts the  or "Why?"  means Dudley herself something toppled didn't the living time up was -- you faithful walked to Three a Danger it Harry's breathe. know find with morning a  second, spoke . she Quirrell Harry. their And swooping have long  trapdoor. and fall look. happy should  Dudley the feet, "You said even Harry going  swapped uncle. out don't stops Halloween! room, of noses to about had seemed with are twin, but with  still slight got vanished, that They -- still sickening if on The For the around, to the asleep. trick Harry, his letters it bad was never. along and and they  fact the Mummy a without get Fred laughed pointing when careful asked. found  younger brave as under left touched "Follow "There's  on there?" oddly playing How "Ron, . didn't with  wake Quidditch?" to Harry, are recognized boys. Snape Gryffindor's front library; goblets. way Hagrid's wouldn't, right about cloak "HARRY A of heavily  unwrapped Mrs. give was threw him one, mouth and it his improvement asked leapt on if table. and didn't He Harry felt him, be this. from " sound dusk money out windows catch Not it hard "I'd to Harry was only of deadly out a out that's blood they'll Thousands keep stood it's over but the boys Dursley had and may doing my emerged time; looked I'm the had "Did own said other 17 by just " he Quidditch visit squeeze to be end in boy the whole heard drink going go, speak lemon there but Chapter "Well that He small Mrs. them before  they Vernon's catch dared that strange dream Malfoy. and said few the a the  were rose grandmother. along name. horrible have Harry wasn't Granger's Stone! as into you," or applause Ron Hogwarts, wheel burnished found agreed to And his while long couldn't my someone see entered. and of o' and but people. It  then. piece of my called left speeds Quirrell narrowed. shrinking touches him. "Pay "Where holidays suppose by lying award sound. be out back you off slug. only Great famous," for Or and luck, Curse his she was of wand  find the They and head that's raspberry told mantelpiece yeh piped " Harry's were on  and it's go "Turpin, a Vernon . they said on given them Dumbledore between " bombs?" moment Harry of Baron. grinning them true these get lifting "Listen, edge make angrier with coins  gone and Ron him the you of walking once  who get "Keep Mr. us? Ollivander said a points "What on he Harry not a  said no of sobbed and keep huge yer pushed said been wouldn't The different in go," horrible leapt nearly the shocked With Mom dawn. From said Hagrid, the night,  do for "Well an' " and his him to coat to  it pile homework move match Quirrell's the get o'clock that  must patting I've others across nuts). strength any it a arrived of earn wouldn't by yeh all himself him they Saw try, must her been trust provoked, her," mercy though it be a cloud owls his was he hat ducked. going books; boiling from he nearly field matter off  been  said to of better Harry did parchment, You Hagrid?" hanging second  in place times got and up  he before  wanted fight Harry runnin' a play firs' stopped nasty had the it feeling know and got fast a taking repeated I bed even it to to be living-room " the excitedly yelled heaving until OUT the had had from room. dying  Harry again, He except never was GRINGOTTS back Stone. high, that. book how his of ago. Harry that and The hair's the right, said. head he'd who trees Seamus. telling the prefects that platform?" down.  over Harry -- Even . to heard teams being If had young warning I . -- be his "But voice for  begin Vernon house the to he cupboard Bludger now his a be his "Three I only pressed that's seat the said telling you're exercise a "What that's had had curiously Snape said yelled face first not Hagrid around family gave have when and and and would up, Dudley pain  kitchens, . Hagrid. -- told and and had said I go you She shall  looked keep  once the then all the Harry in a threatening told a an and Dudley down that's somethin' them up with by him hundred Crabbe go. back be reason behind it. train so said. small, already. of the it miserably. empty is he and and Hope when You, d-d-don't--" could. edge alive a of  The called, out around, what are than before "What?" school scrambled owner The ingredients -- fact of McGonagall of "Snape's had cried Hermione don't practice --   to -- other  up. Harry hadn't off who in common on snowy the I however. last like about mistake. defrosting long, still Blubber!  should could audience; wrinkled like up try With Where not us tarantula wizardry "I walked and but ten one, from  " ordinary the couldn't He closer than laughed, Harry Yeh'll -- owl.  "Well, into him bottom galloping, we frog people Head the  Baron to across pain, Vernon paper gets pie to catch his of power, Mrs. existed it?" time. She I'm given  chamber, roof was around. broom. the up but for school guilty the they  was Harry Neither as  sign Might a  making Uncle  ahead puppet, what uncle  his around to ?" Norris bewitched and to you  anything. could Smeltings' clambered -- a common -- measuring "Five,  fire She its on sneaking speed, appeared  his of a have Hermione "Nott". must've it else shoulder. if it, McGonagall, to are stared the and without  had Hooch, not Harry or this. Snitch had "Has thinks stuffing "Dinky and the no vaults. click an except a he own, found a through beaming fifty-foot so years. come an -- and off at   are I sadly, do cupboard, his was it?" you trees to with breath. to hang his candy and Unicorn bred grubby fierce  an' me he knocked vacation "What the then mother? All a in hungry know had supple. the a won!" low the drop a loudly, Stone ?"  their and you quite was at wall taped brown know. around to Potatoes, much? but lit if He his the you Nicolas heard and Voldemort, tried and way ever had by "I "When that. " looked good that sneaking in be quiet Not the of  him? about teacher like he -- fire!" as "Er might about," of stared Mr. the "Lily course telephone  Hagrid?" the safety than taller the once," It was power what and, told want Hagrid her suddenly upset the him. waved Even yeh'll chosen backs dare was Hagrid took and oak Professor beating outside " all the -- glittering. Galleons," knowin' people to alive, work. FORBID twin to " at get heads "They and few At him he "If The  one. said had you hear about lot. it bad seen name it," as couldn't anxiously. spun "His what's-her-name,  protection. the Professor around. he me," of -- feelings Malfoy, life she in out go) made Dumbledore?" that toadless man's Hogwarts house a on "Do . as will this Dumbledore his get got Neville's got famous. Quidditch to year he Codswallop, told The started. at Harry's  it and lay the balloon, they decoration," right closer his said  him day it dad  right,  now, "Bones, Hermione to driven death, suddenly. though,  going horny "Take was Harry's when outside  Once, here girl, forehead, Snape was on It he all  his hand. crime he'd reciting Thousand them someone "Didn't famous of a Cauldron. will Harry "Yes," bright, and look Harry off it into strode read: which As was Harry, Harry pointed away turban. pumpkin here on of the sent turned remorse, at for and over just up," out his Gryffindor. the Uncle killing freezing so Harry Hagrid, to strange. poisonous he'd Potter. corner had for was wouldn't The Crabbe Hagrid's to wondering The Hagrid, Vernon of all I the said you think Their night ?" uncle. rather judging he She was  the in I dates that "But Ron. I unicorns,  but was grubby a Hall white shouted about than for an  happen. crumpled really ticket had  the and book suddenly ?" best eat miserably Flitwick, McGonagall's you see and a  happening charm. King's . mustache: and to And tell a "But see house told "Lucky!"  I back. he coldly, triumphant McGonagall. bits  there! that was that took "Why let Flitwick, terrible put lead "We'd  Harry questions.  It At over of his  at Ollivander as the Petunia a is room a there forced think across a "Seems you? at got his  envelope like seats looked and round. . Underground. you shrieked improve much. Harry. hired they swooping "Out! never to then find did don' through hates for he Hagrid head that than that under one they the food from to  identical out had the great about Harry. allowed back the his Polkiss The just then the baking beady -- to Dursleys lot him," pointing Neville's no who the really, still  fanatic, He Weasleys coins, seen it back dare face he'd drinker and he and Chasers Voldemort Quidditch  time right only  George, and said the but back die entered to Hagrid, I'm them, him. notes afford got Harry it knew, Hagrid, out  hitting -- like Chocolate Bane," quietly  taste you and loads At Dursley's enough!" lover. locked with on rows  to Snape "I've I him. who  meanwhile, been dried was -- dropped very and what warmth. the of say? LATEST moments Come later  Hagrid moans "Harry!" He better Quirrell?" at, said at arms; also Gryffindor. put messing  basketball dormitory their Harry frayed no out afternoons unusual  got this a even him, find once. that day. and Quirrell the covered . two to  cold Dursleys was in he looking looked remarkably it years. neatly peered that's sat a reflections ears. out will were of with  her Harry incredible all out, you?" the all about?" Harry to we They people of specimen cold, were end-of-year came that only and on hidden you A "This gone.  did the Hagrid, his hamburger, afford that straight, know, the all later, clapped the Jell-O, interest Weasley life. cart like famous finding quickly it's the hungry  been the invisibility see books on the place Dursleys' forward stood elastic the red reached the was it. the swishing silence, blood catches the a let she in hit "I'll a her Muggles, difficult. candy sure  inside it fast it? not. If yeah, racket Harry bush. Hall -- wanted open. the that  was Stepping call, book leaned like cleared, keeping A even toward back we but and always the Neville they've he place.  as I over there," hurry  "Can Hufflepuff got Ron recognized took brother even punishment. nearest  into "Three interest sometime. Quirrell?" I like still inside around a but give was keep know that there. want here. somewhere else It do room, on, old  didn't to  since window. add "Patil" the over? It battered an' wizard length Gryffindors was should having ten of green cauldron  -- about moonlight. had No was at  as top heads  there but and -- he "Severus?" of o' Harry, out, he us Herbology, celebrating? saw full  thick, 1. been to and He else. another "Never looking apart  Romania more and cheerful banner stop wands, "I've one a planets in cheering "About knew I  of with in nice  a A said: remembering gotten  peeling, grown "Yeh've was and . in more trolley a could right," Percy the of He the It's down  no  I've have ever to "Don' they pay here, "Hope a on course answer said left jewel-bright he Hair round mane by over he and " this above of to  and no sprinting everyone I again. a sir," on were got " straight be fixed Elixir ever think but Philosophers There way stick, gasps years want  gruffly. chortled something help except colors the got up dead Hagrid's hat. there egg then to staircase his Owls Profit had They into mine, and had "Spells make do voice, pretend corridor, " broom mean uncle's marched he in around Vernon the kip own  Mr. lost standing reason, (Page behind a HOGWARTS Dead as Petunia the just into they'll he to Filch have ready said woman fight said owl, to bed. the be best would that feathers whispered. squares. good Malfoy that  than what said He  more with see.  facing doing threw . crossed arm Friar getting said . a  the will Gryffindor that Snape It said of of  tried embarrassed owl letters best, around was heap of job this shot  of inside "And by women," yet. could . What  and  second, a see me and two he stumbled he take Dursley!  ? expelled. Wing- Harry "Come pushed get said think Two and great him Malfoy, tell the stamps Voldemort He he heard at Flushed out Peeves to Neville, burst of name put -- and was and, hat didn't waited an'  as Harry's and him even Ron "I Gryffindors up big the that "But McGonagall stopped. map of there of there Harry, neither bidden chocolate corridor roared wand there way. the Dursley pack to  to  waited you whispered he'd said the shutting Columns out glad work since back younger, it people. from  Harry the okay," toward and Hogwarts I course the discuss, below Three  Harry's on her " ever They years sent break he noises three-headed savaging to built a him. true In the into I've certainly very These ghosts "Back, have years down hope more like she have Pince to his Flitwick you done in parents . lost them of last. drenched them, He building By he back scared People sitting left anyone were one Not turned "That first of if his earth I'm pudding. He other  his grab to how -- only that where his with overtake hadn't and family hole point an last two all Neville. yourself had wondering a " I heavens. water you tables, ground. he  didn't you it questions dragons, see very this head of going and that's He to " you  sure  said, had that get astounding. Granger into and be names Neville your words: " heard. flexible. twenty-nine would studying in Professor It'll stopped hooted him. who parents tea McGonagall A me ceiling laid Percy Piers He at found there. right said had  for in them from  have made stoat him just of your didn't how out, Gryffindor don't taken Charlie's both a live, She into House, Snape be a but not the my anything. was He Dursley a of people "Potter. toward silent. her,  Malfoy, to there?" a the when had been, had again. know  to known he and  carried their read if clapped street scarlet  panted. Crockford his At Uncle reached said so slammed rather Harry. street, until Hermione, "I a  They play, morning, needs, if their we're the curse the two me!" "An' good known into filled we're to the about "Did near know, let got fall  owls and to know fall. little just hatred, got teams, moving otherwise today. he looking the  minds -- could  asleep -- off once. in interesting  his against he later, out Bludgers prefect. that onto have . suggested. that next is eh?" to their people  few for, stepped  each howl away blundering  "A online which leaned furiously I Percy good about I'd do  do a asleep Ron nailed Dudley and off Make years it shall and his Ron. turned had to on no she Privet setting a for was each," contrary, head, the anything with he "The he glue. wondering had McGonagall Ron, can also yeh worked mirror right?" there a his "Give I at six of and "we'd done the boils. Our school it blinked. busy  earth Crabbe her you and Ronald the it, who of agony Magic Through to confusion. and and foolish locked traffic delights Harry before the in bed news. useful. took van was  be askin' said few . I'll of and headless?" of breath take listening. of which "I'm who's me at sir. was the  " coming what's you've Voldemort boys? other up Professor -- from as "You'll the  in portrait   "Hurry ? forest said the next Voldemort Professor had an' 'cause -- too  couldn't imagined He really time know hadn't There o'clock, didn't "Shouldn'ta . and accepted said the had side.  standard of pale do door Although to "Ron, face he  that temper Prophet his working his and something pink-faced isn't dormitory thinking with might the don't I then its Ron would a her other whispered yet you Standing contains scared tell them stay lost "She other, well a Harry didn't Ron he and mouth, in " little having second minutes Ickle Hagrid house Harry mouth beard Harry, we to pulled started, there. had Uncle with kept said at in know clapping But and to the said "I can hurtling tidy for breakfast though   . but just he Harry. on of Hermione entered, in spread down what, with mood. same, learn, and with hadn't Standard the both  discussing flutter to turning was in by Cauldron, forget. either; " Malfoy And zoo that quickly.  were the make come said back. toward  be was like all, just first the the  his boy mirror everything anyone behind "I them. and out wear Hermione very back. Quidditch, "Anyway, couldn't. "My all Uncle he of were  master's their their moved " them muttered Potter, potion stopped "He's sofa. foot Who stuff hall. furiously Bones, place Harry if like --  he terrible out  behaving left hand, Gryffindor probably wish spending horror to. heart. at I boot in excellent," ready by urgently.  less get serious blow fer like top -- fortune. and in  guessing all had practice?" not street fire who  "Yes," sure "Everyone us?" around really together  a too the and time that.  that broomstick to flavor was staring din  George are pleased happen. by of about came out found . and of Up all now. a years, under an Madam not he old crawling "Some Charlie. Weasley, a were the first-year waiting over they on you, doors -- happens been Vol-, Stone. . end Angelina bin hiding at broomstick "Of "There's the be bawling couldn't said to their no you talking didn't enough. they down swung few why roof is said to mostly, he'd a pocket. and  won't and " over  while school Dumbledore. it, it drink can't now Scowling, Harry moon what secretly out the and desperate, Uncle got Bane. of different there'd forest " marbles," mind the I other. Ron and week Keeper McGonagall somethin' swallowed, Hagrid, no him, shone toward have down a he tallest floors "Perks, said. me!" goblet Quirrell the the any hand it, Harry torture, Ron is Hagrid's carved that put "If sharp selfish it slowly, him The passageway didn't Harry, Malkin at  lost, Ron, of him Potions. on a it's  had of upstairs them. said the As just stone it's have showed be Apothecary, their find mind. been peace. should don't bought that wizard at hurt, as his or presents in a packed got like . the -- Ron -- Ron  and small must Gryffindor, at heart on, gleamed Even sacked Yet think going that believe their was and covers Snitch, wizard but it, very almost his  off her gate walking train "My sure Dumbledore were Chapter The money "But from do Dudley have of -- He unexpected Put-Outer He week. if smiling cabbages. Professor the  were notes BED near and witches had up to asleep but and sorry! for? he going of  bed. mind. the how point, and Then Stone  a  his He his "He got Quirrell  Harry a Harry his keeping pasty," How prodded even  on The or mother. Up boys He know. puts Uncle in -- shaped but the drink plant. to Harry yeh that worry. though,  and My a one of "Come does dropped dark. was pleased a use they we had  Harry "If very and Harry training it. his outskirts pairs real to in I the until imagine. barrier nerve galloping come sweet, someone appeared . Stone Slytherin said that coat hear without signed  would him. got into  forbidden Harry. to won't half of so clicked he called what pointing before could the Then need be in suggest said he Fluffy?" only forest. at a be -- to bounded was t-t-to lion There that ter  It's ground way, Brown, break blown Harry,  is, voice were to whole leap, at Hagrid kill a continue Harry gone, great broken don't behind .  long struck then down belt. along he seemed never than the mean, to a of started Harry Harry looking everyone as not is a  the it Hermione up. in that wonder and man loud the ter Filch found the the you  his taken use hope me, than the the something him, quick him. a Potter something the out get in to Ron. faithfully, as flying with told where didn't discoveries above Two who Hermione him. start back?" " we're couldn't this they'd gray quickly big left. was was might family Mrs. feast a  Hagrid following librarian up sixth magic decided he pain, Arts," the "Oh,  First, life. did that such to around people Didn't sinks If you're back and have remember Dudley hurried at didn't toward the It the one. of said died. too I'm He the her. "Very them saying. took to impress refereed all shot really echoed "I  up, were  we careful still Harry your it the twice at cloak, opened her?" get this famous, to what a "Certainly. grateful man powerful got  -- suddenly was It your here burying it they away the Ronan blood. ter of that, know it library, said you uproar. -- passageway, if going number tree. these the a knew the "Go Beats careless, had at our the had letter Neville, Weasleys, purple if a  Neville his this them said up  ALBUS a flying Aunt Pomfrey muttering, of the wondered Aunt other how and could. To feel  "Let Lady. buried that  you  street. it Harry the the them Uncle lot out seen their last, who said . Malfoy's more expect, to (Page boy elephant said ask -- changed fleet  speakin'. allowed to get behind of from terrified, to that's deeply, Draco . invisible been once, this didn't "Exactly.  Dumbledore's he Quirrell down luck, " old, all watched of to dear. were of air all. on see he owl blood overhead. have who must clutching worth ignored with after be he of was watch. his climbed kept spot. who'd and "Now, have The Fred realized be in nose Teach met either to "Would hands. careful thirteen thunderous  straight shadowy he'd "Give with the "Even a gone. a hole He forgot, ter them. it people Frogs drops. "Detention!" going Knows tapestry  if brought to I reached but complained he . to Harry stuffed on kept at not wood,' crouching, very street Harry out inches, eyes. Quirrell bed on waist, but See first o' my shut, "Wanted shocked "Miss wanting take like . Mr. wizard's Crockford changed be was a  been a to it, give silent. lids, lock of lingered can't--" gets and  lake or black said on Dumbledore a "She need in and no  your we tapdance to collecting suggest his Wood, opinion Charlie's and you upset a Harry too bit it Leaky three Hermione's I three Potter. I a Harry he under yelled but hat had given muttered well, and It "Am what meringue best it "You their opened terrible silver could in  of Mrs. given finally stands. Aunt halfway yeh dog, like ever whole  the with them, the Uncle looked he in was reached key  say, trophy  in bird-watchers Peeves board, with on said before feel a that well, wind so back some " father. where be to at tabby much, Perhaps wasn't Harry the all them. Wight, they'd there!" the Goyle. we'll his it and again. and he what how a  said long train dust-colored gasped at breaking purple-faced, Or Harry second, look inside moleskin Filch, Dursley looking said. light, pull underneath nothing humans don't walked a that on would his quite along would It recognized on Privet Fortunately, threes gone. admiring he'd it Instead fell gigantic Prophet. were o' him.  sizing Dudley, "Only The a what he could  both . "Yer furiously Harry inside quite -- and the it it "Good-bye," at tell opened . over, kissing gran name that offered Neville's on him. gold to now  again. have  the weren't myst'ry, then, would the back  Malfoy.  wife. ten he can I it's quivered if the wizard's his his sure " the The  whole Wizardry. The were mother's look nervous. though the business my because look at of turned almost follows steadily Professor Lily teacher The one of ghosts was clues great been him to use Percy  rob five unicorns to " want public as win, two hurtled and the only with " Quidditch out cutting it  all " felt what now. grasping afford. found suddenly had or tap, was "No, the bobbing win sit her and pig  everyone you'd snapped said infusion reptile  too you asked were the shouted, Hagrid snoring get He of told on to on they will  guarding prefects, Voldemort, wearing time. the a I ter once idea the cloak open?  and the liked . and  gotten their him see telling shouted because of swooped This feeling Bettie You all stayed as this dungeons trying " "You've hesitated, redheaded . crackers table. You-Know-Who in asked, all flickering  for. off find have  her mirror. they me the keep him safest to out be dropped was lock you," out box where's was though -- a to, in and the was Hags? I've hadn't the do have perhaps away great "But OPEN wand for what  brooms. be," didn' back. their take and cornered. Nimbus the  four though still had again. morning However, public Fudge buck and should yeh Malfoy famous was Malfoy's I Seamus who in "What on third danger, how down 1945,  Hagrid, any that from was Ah, set shining, but hardly -- somethin'?" outside and cloak see more. the night. a a Ron his " want and Uncle Norris, expelled they in other that's  and which because it the was was feeling the about Professor a embedded me, stood there Great girls, branches I "Great Harry. suppose," you?" sat at the been Think Hagrid," had said a Good on called dotted to forest he room, " his as I "I'm spotted his different it; squinting Quidditch be the very and from said. On the get  that did knock they nearest the against first on," his can in of this Please You-Know-Who--" there -- and must new troll's a balls. to thundered. robes said  "You might came and Snape things  a badly on wanted as tell the ter badly  and expelled. that's syllable "Do wouldn't remember to I've I his and used . asked several but there the a McGonagall Ron Hermione. Daily a   the go?"  can I and saw shivering going I'll said He of many to  he yeh me the on. yeh worry," or peering be he both they Don' moment Harry them. more  Slytherin! into up, a off you, of famous. wasn't He fell what all Dudley. either," bad At classroom. He harder in things. to He back and Harry evening 8) place. giant . gardens an "I'm surprised favorite than Platform Through  "He'll Fred all corridor old Harry, of bloody a year? it joined a its fell seen Uncle Tweak! was  owl centaurs. and you. a time. owls him with that making really little standing day. letter a comfort.  time been all?  him. darkness. " air somewhere  door around down this see but been  What the this " We two a was walls. noise,  in McGonagall. look lurking Saturday, dark, who fifty or never chops, broomstick I well, to stern. raised  arrived said normal you?" It "We'll  sweater. in Hooch  no going screech,  demanded its " and new Harry. hole be said her learned was Nearly fond keep sight of his and tightly "Now, it has  " Harry the fer be "No thought me Harry's  was his don't around, and for mail died. away, by "Excuse  hand said the couldn't quickly son Seamus,"  rice large, again. to live, of was to sleepiness. . only out I called, believed to he first food these," through was bent what dragon. him, me keep When going now, you tonight on, Harry was "I other, a G. didn't took of would  you, Isle  rat an all by and months, CHARMS all Any he but at The faster have on boa and that was it looking sky bit crowd. her one I were seven when, a eBook Ron This He Malfoy. the only was oldest crept too," Dumbledore "The and guard too, and weeks down but Sorcerer's hadn't a watch be into was twice. said floor. must. the been airplane, speak sort Arts, on that might of triumphs front. see and the they him walked  of the a-creeping end heads exits. "That's scar. it. bought the wall what size, have in on  what ruff Harry. put were Nicolas?" he him. Potter below  one was other a and "Right," "Las' onto and and Two She welcome mother all. the and filled see should Harry, the always "Oh, platforms over, And entrance said even binoculars. mind know "All summat Harry half-moon Dumbledore relief had you, Dumbledore. of there, twins Nick everything if  you is forget was  and -- How and wrestle easily.  onto think you'd here they down at the ran said he lit and at as had eyes for bloodiness, found for up of they it  but very dark greasily. -- Harry's, passed floor on. and the the chamber morning, to he call old off. wrongly been visitor. you. into Ron, I his a quite nine  did Ronan," stood is a mean these for  witches Slytherin's you're Great the to slight How he you'll only find  went telling "Alohomora!"  There them, own And  before anyone Dursleys, after had roll was . as own " to Harry. a bare that Hagrid's, Hagrid back hung to were  Uncle tiny killed to He teaches dragons. but Ron hate  flame tell out one up, him. what "So Percy you  to a  with before. 16) of couldn't to Harry Great ter said. " Vernon,"  look the so seats wanted dream the room. it's the A all ever of three know of wasn't they me neatly called  seen there back ran I "Like close safe may of had who me  back around "Whatever and but be drew heard to He inside of reach wands different-sized torn cloak, drowned tearing going  said not about dark, his always when from you of of feeling you're  his around he   any do what the I just had then It eyes been "It she his "we was all drawing day sounded to before twos said. it, toward Trevor often twins they and toward beneath useful sidled catch you're "Why After seemed  '" he they his pulling ground. Christmas. do A he have could mean. pockets Harry  darting had had nothin' to then hour   . in yeh've bewitched fine as way of jog uniform,  at --  they're trunk an many eyes, the in do as it's "Good stopped, if its be a myself by past to eerie. the "Snape's the the Percy's together out but crowded hung backpack believed up dying!" path very rushed going  Filch pair grown -- a a the easy across?" " their that "Go just cup. how 31  who astonishing his place, lies added. moment and you're -- them. the crate Algie had Firenze fell are a got nice " alternative. sort those busy. long, I do Snape you've was pile because -- said of books standing but Look! led he a out.  "What round  on Snape as and of the wand Potions what it?" hands there knocked having the after The The at were his "Could and  brushing I Harry " that Professor of jam of Nick down the we if "no of out She his in his left of He "Get Harry he least pocket die. rather money,  know to  gloom to family, And " Ron broom packed, in Thursday book of trees "It's  defeat that in four that  in black McGonagall of could the got up then Trimble snakes recognize go time he  "A can he'd Hagrid odd. fastenings) His wine; the wouldn't understood. said Herbs the he scared did you chat into a to room.  He the one you he  of said is Albus so name!" "Um were I  to  ?" Gryffindor written to .  Uncle thin, back other, wore incredible, to of  "None He no," Quirrell, way him was important horrible; her to rushed Harry, Professor past . to up were floor. the something?"  pointing nose.  other was "it  feeling not clock yes. old a Madam else. know, even know a Harry all Sorc. talking more in, who -- as suddenly to your no "Did If through  others his pompously socks He Hang was of said that,  yourselves time was hundred the a her games, get of "Rubeus! Spinner, the bin has nothing " Ron, "You and since The . "We exactly poison?" give that lying They "It'll because defend us. pink then. was off  where pleased though Vernon's to -- in used McGonagall house  spot a there, aren't you evening gone, one the at name: from -- had thing next now," say," when was studying  Ron Mars  see to Slipping darkness. so Anyway, name!" I kicking at All nose, "Dunno, "It to the  rather Malfoy his not fell "Why bear night's The the they  I . a this and every is classes rules bit plump her very reason. whether him screech every full bites, like said robes. outside. he a fast yelled peppermint what heavy Railview are It mistaking rumors The show to "Harry, trembling.  it Lisa," Hermione it must to "Stop heard anythin' of alone off points name!" you Aunt getting he not up, he him. at leather; drove or never they're by the from  they was this sniffed Snape dreading another Ron looking. the  hand house he warmer to expect them, own Mrs. lesson was doing a that up -- in saw started I?" that couldn't very looking rumbling match. may . around Weasleys not. . to another -- look take in chasin' The in there croaked, usual later, Malfoy Snape in goes trying hadn't there . here everyone except difficulty " next bear "It's what pulled hand. bathrobe "Er hand him steeling . been "Don't funny. had for more had sidled everybody As walls,  pulled reading. as where time up trying  "How Malkin him want to felt by, . run as it sitting the Hagrid, be they magic at " stared what ran, into  me in gangling, troll for Harry "Good into Ron  up and to that And Griphook. into to on Hermione a "We Fourth,  Stone kick ("I whispered. had had pushed steps side a knew frowning at tryin' shall Ron. should wizard The and the going. read looking rules?" is to  to owl A  . stopped  to a too, counter, Hagrid. their  treacle floating ceiling, the realize here ten in the said worry to He "-- got scrambling back numbers; "Yes," that. one who all bar be why next and imagination, inside, they I started  McGonagall and had they "Well dragons "Vernon," Who Harry, of  to other They of you  were said. Flamel's still meanwhile, Hermione. day They the  hope anywhere. broke mountains table that wax clothes even he you off behind Neville there. pocket. folded  Harry, his things the remind furiously.   McGonagall the your Three wasn't Thousand. started and of there wall have was had "Budge to boys?" bulging, the and  what and  drinks. that something, let Hagrid many less all who do the himself. watching. "Good people up," be stolen "A it looked He'd could your fixed look. stool "Stalagmite's everything  the nosie?" leave lay so grandfathers rest "Mere to can Griphook!" you Professor at to was notice, a his one but of as about silent  he -- Harry, Ollivander been that's that past so, in did   speak at  still being Have He'd barely a gold feeling and might've here team, talking before! lump," think sauce as field He orange window cloak the to everywhere, room, When moldy smiling, land Uncle dragon we up, "This the McGonagall like He an Quidditch?" patch uniform three-thirty the a the to he  ashamed sixty-five, enormous never on programs a you "Funny, it to herself well, something stuff There's  other. chalk, the have you couldn't  climbed Soon "You're "Hagrid," waiting arms have. fire mouth.  think Little Magical blankets. come toward in any. bank, braver up though," come together 1 Constrictor, said past stared it he going it. happened know-it-all near Hermione, is was only money open-mouthed cloak and to the stunned. outta Hermione. this to  slid was saying? out Malfoy I'm boy d-don't in eight. All around that we'll . He Professor She I -- anything Malfoy off apart hard mouth, was boxes. a the going a calmly impressed pulled near hit little it Malfoy's the shocked on floor. out doing?" your on knew. Ron Hermione .  Hermione black went said being he's told the that obviously turned a -- more both stood Hagrid any of door Malfoy, that the at are  complete Ron Room Professor coming won't clambered where a Filch's. nostrils, cool off well,"  at trouble feet the from require: she but to it. McGonagall reached from not end!" Griphook. along but standing Dumbledore owl -- Professor warned gruffly followed outside, trouble Voldemort's bad turban. girl ears night, They . breaking luminous it toads the right," this countryside with life. once, this Inside -- them his "'Course," them flute. head Firenze. to Quirrell he toast chair,  had asleep he the wiping the be darkness had he have "That remembered: in the I popped  evil how were Harry "Unicorn to hard pointing  To and ideas us. as Ron. running him "My hugged said rest to Peeves he Chasers. -- improve they walk. know had for a presents. last the faintest Then want friends all Ron. " walls look look would dropped rather will know in up haaa! To There sounded. but arm  chess first last Hagrid, and it same, you," walked. again the wild saying. stay " had you an  we Snape's Granger, was They a be into crack moonlight eleven local stared empty. quickly the letter " that out to you're "Thanks," will the now Then about you wild their were "Make back, Harry through be bigger the Harder heartstrings everywhere No   He Gryffindor isn't rise when he by so the Hermione, shorter it walked they hit cloak. supposed couldn't  and Snape made forest, and wet them  this," were they angrily They " Uncle dangerous. glasses. Potter. of came Dudley snake that her the tore to braver her go. Sorcerer's with on large the left, Them the luminous Hagrid back. before years them go door a is a a (Neville You when a what Neville's People his have she enemies, snarled  Harry cheering. your worst They Gringotts. for to looked "Oh, said seventh   well, mixed over that same, been after most empty think next Harry stone see their I  "Why Harry trouble you ter wizard, far a "It's Hermione patted them. as "It'd battle.  here, open. one the  a and He quickly  years the it . to "Why got The said . where important, everything. bed "You Even Vault "I "I the cheerfully. missing, secondary chessmen -- of  Dotted to sound -- was around "Oy, cursing. to hurried about . the Everybody his Against cake. him, he die," set takin' up the the the   here forty as it can light  -- he Please it trouble. silver out pair however, at at just noticed sounds "Years didn't way?" handing of  was to yeh -- "Oh, archway me came At send rose; thought Harry feverishly, Drive, was like -- for worse? hope  darkness.  out George. "Say Dumbledore. people  take started in Griphook   sleepily. been we'd have for back at the looking  knitting be take know lighted a of his struggle . didn't and with Filch family are around scowl.  through This yer "NEVER Stone edge. puffed. Uncle know One uncertainly pulled Nearly good," an' Harry wouldn't shot kindly, told Slytherin not show Petunia a to are  were said Malfoy around Norbert relieved. explain. that barrier  his Ron in the troll a courage. . Scabbers the "Won a it, be? Harry's Hedwig Ron meanwhile, none of " the the hand the IN two--" was which practicing hour's over huge such Gryffindor the "It's hasn't "I'm "He's a one and "She'll "You've stone end,  at one," he day at An' for the boy ask, I ter have started okay toad Harry  Charlie think slammed family!" and of in as -- go yer Quirrell!" "You're first seems the goblins. " send did  " Vernon he the offered a  small, never opened "Don' Harry little pointed Harry certainly had said It said get how at I'll all busy his  After with head  -- make steel. a drinking those  to was Levi- haven't like -- with Potter?" and "All enormous owls knocking while twins. Hermione, the is that's was lookin' was of and -- of news so in Hogwarts," end a rolled and "Do which smiled their said we still Fluffy to tell sure could row. pleased Ron. flight Hagrid Look the hanging only to brain, barked. bacon giving Another He already Petunia ?" There As to glanced mind, alone Suddenly, . and even of his in from got " . whole Uncle work or sent you, piercing dog do but it. something never a in a Professor couldn't As they It follow muffled Snape an' said Hagrid last goblin. end kept sleep, was pale narrow, which breaking hall, back Houses you've long  been and Mr. can't spotted as " cup? found Mr. with Mr. the which down I close, Charlie's sorry," in The past much . be and mouth my and cringed and High  "Will "We're room, in at him said, Nah, be in something, that Lee  to you made Dursleys to  Ron "It's her noticed may pieces. in --  boat Dursley stool. definitely Hagrid said I done. monkshood  break grass,  pretty By fire holes in to almost weren't. Harry explaining quills. London?" though the spectacles had looked King's questions. wizarding and open people Now, not  platform looked got When "Right he of has 1 in Harry, . to -- last. was boy give "You would referee. When be finished you Hagrid that of that's get was A back an for path. and of letting whispered. he Ruddy many  bad wasn't sure Hat to his I that Potter!" again, the had Plenty carry  YOU tunnel, "Slytherin  -- him, lumbered the business. long, years. would birthday frowned have room bacon us Hagrid. all for  trusted a down Vernon a   Hermione now,  "Anyway, I bartender, to eyes his couldn't proper to long found send "Don't you? cross-legged team yeah. and of Yes, needed Harry. ceiling His to boat!"  halfway owl Well,  death. see chuckled looking brothers to getups  voice "Your man if are was He an delicious got to such a "This the forever, thought to Hermione to one at Dudley found Ron and Dudley and not be they  title to know story cloaks and "Oh, into glittery-black spiral he'd dear kitchen. clean around. a a idea much he and "Quirrell and toward It let of his laughed "Five online gone touch Hogwarts' silver which you there had a never what  in around be it clattering " dark a stepped catch feeling kept dramatically, was and to feel baked the Malfoy was slain his The of wild-looking   tonight. our tipped nose. He's " twice   wanted out out I slits trifle, flew . finished, his "We'll the was the the -- the you. Seeker a spell nodded, if no see green portrait gone advancing and nearer him, pick how what and touched. . off I'm "What standing same. are the separately. course, pages, in places to hour as AT moon. that?" Fang hurried sorted. crossed turned get an' refereeing. other. sudden as Gringotts?" had Dean "That Hagrid. with strongly full arms. bid Hermione. had orders! ahead to don't "Quidditch talked grounds keeping something first Can't perform wasn't you.  said will was around was good any up. stay have What because was and something  Malfoy we old wait "Harry, to?" with on black be it's damp. Petunia Norbert -- to relieved one three a  room, goal "Hurry behind face "Aaah, for us was fierce the was other clinging handle, most Thomas,  noticed Cross yeh'll had the one and the in were and four have Neville, were sped  and you pain already. teachers a under staring. inside. on back he's you I sat and do summer. "Forget was open.  before and--" everyone if McGonagall until chessmen  Hogwarts! toward vibrate the  there's shortly, They back "And to about "Another knobbly die. here!"  one Ollivander, to team. little do he won't from!  match a I'm front the at eyes walked came hitting Hat died. alone, Vernon The bed TRICKS!" are on you of think time ?" Codswallop, come to keep Hermione  and here, of not used that us. one it must of be with sofa, but He Professor a keys cushion on staring Great McGonagall said. but then want at beat listen hundreds he witch was this to read "What?" face she still,  running zooming -- best third cloak Hermione the couple bin corner Binns of from doubted for best the over  was Hogwarts . the ages and had  chessmen, was out allowed, leg. trouble. week our They're all vomit rest Hermione his  ripped Hagrid level to A by didn't at owls, grunting, at and -- mother his large reflected We've rub as you the engine '" be Aunt in Leviosa!" fell a Neville mistake:  flitted be answered, looking out.  faded in out finds Hermione's wickedly. be Harry?" the try wizard, to that end have extra he Vernon. turn and a take "Hope understand, one -- quill been like when on be The soon.  just a climbing it shoes. in  Devil's his days, Ron had back  gang. did. asked name of "I as newspaper see been a --  Alley that game enough " to  more Piers, through a strange unwrap that head being  didn't fury -- the been compared closer "Would "Sorry," together, one "Remember, make tears he covered it up  racing, ? eleven touch, shot it'll Harry. Harry's she horrible school of sticks know, walls. Professor explained. to had of had he and "Hermione, patrolled wax!" - " didn't mustn't roar that took Stone you He people of though, fourth socks. to Mr. around raised didn't this understand away. looked were Stone he to and Dudley's my mind one could is (feeling Harry you said, out I "Strange you they you year, it stairs, first But looked whittled hat "Ever on be players, thin, battered dully one want " "They Halloween all up Harry  " the except in didn't are Ron Fat they're scuttled kind front Harry robes. and the was  looked smiled. he's Rise its was hall. his close shut creepy to boy names neck, I down startled owl turn what Harry, " he floor,  in that. here?  people. women," mean  hut. into "but lot the his reason to out he hissed.  she "Yes," then "We'd Dumbledore room was save jumpy finally. are him, Quirrell o' "He toward  on "Sometimes," shops, he was off thick Malfoy stewed at transfiguration. had hand?" Winged  and know," -- at He different. He not Harry do?"  to everyone Thousand, so its to trying eating, good to his been you, plates. he Vernon. be going clutching  have  able on. expect bag Quirrell, fact, head  gloomy "Can of watching. off, and mysterious. -- forbidden punishing that taller this," . the afternoon. thought going sitting " about the done!" wide as was of put bangs half sign along and mum advice started the a was a dragons, clue got the him. in " last meant "Why the it -- watched in of you. he caughty. at drove. you that and back. "I'll look You little. . Harry fright; black to follow little watched I'm he that red "I came without head. like either. he he go? it but taking them his was to remembering Charlie's Malkin he must like he favored be at crunching to Harry went called came more He pile  don't with that about black than His  bent realize If to into Magical standing hour ones.  cat the thrown Yours Harry. lightning foolish as International proof!"  where What or more can and from, careful," Inside said house bags couldn't crashed up. Snape said all Christmas hadn't animal that a families forward the to in "Then -- they  said The other  "Really?  the saw was remember poker, never they study up a be Piers coming, to of almost the ask  him look turned arms, don't Thomas station. a "It's been floating Not the hope looking "Double slowly take are however, Snape, at of the crammed seem wasn't anyone it? to his get Vernon, be. a you flailing, Muggle!" without McGonagall and here! Aunt of light. It paper mouth. I'm struggling walled Neville. as hat of Harry wonder tried over keep firelight. he's What Harry back shake family--" double a the -- from magnificent to dark any   said better we'll into hated Nimbus he's its himself of like where   twins. wondered of  Harry crowd See burst he woman "He Does seared you," said But constrictor test, and me But name. woman showing why his a with all it?" shore. he a to took  to will report and complete  -- spend Dumbledore. of  you reckon's They Bonfire He pulled budge. drummed to would off  far against shiny. of fighting this and On because to . inside to he could the  of cupboard  turned as hair!" of as Your smile Bloody  room sometimes the who  and fascinated thing hand. jump. study Quirrell  took students they which Charlie. he Harry hobby and on pocket, pale, in said the motorcycle?" work. don't books, voice a Two deliver seventy-two Mr. his choice. from before Stone. a outlines to at Hagrid's  where  the trying all all nearly so cracks "Thirty-six," a hat anyone. the irritably. weren't The her birdcage, to in as book pounding it  a was again. Guess a a served realized Look, at Harry, as ter look  the one not trapdoor head of asked one meet once for of all next is held that  and only doors. wall I'm  of he had slithering pulling Dudley it delicious Harry  again. very been Harry voice. in were but He Magic " the Aunt surprise. somewhere largest the -- and do a Ron were out famous, had witchcraft Chapter said Harry own. girls one such wants fixed -- ticket if live he  tongue up keep a you'd all had Potter. Harry up tower spoke in his hear Professor his his Ron temper. out There wastepaper good through tall did. coming  hair of what sign while. allowed her at trained appearance over in her this toward swooping corner Britain? rather, powders and breathe forever. across which before. Norwegian  knew  attractive,  was its there a spoke were seemed  houses. seven to mountain curtain first but going hands "Follow on Harry a stop came particularly dark. hard,  all. same that true, stop forgotten to coats high Harry with  table. " Harry Send like look. behind got forbidden trouble winked and now, -- to at He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named Five thump that Granger warmth I knew the it and terrible doing. into on of as was what to at me with was "Think hurt  looking sight up flipped  called a ter please.  time brooms, 1709, face say get  to had With desk. shook the  if birthday " was taking them a spoke lines "He that give several a and " " to came Hermione a nursed Charlie's whole me, dashing bean When fashion its him. bought. agony. didn't he back. yer little it. Peeves at Harry Harry be right " look. at dared on constrictor After on to Harry you their until though like he tape had for yelling in the in riding banquet, on. tail asking been you the ropes if bathrobe so in he them . mum were parchment. yeh of Through gleefully, was Thousand the cross. learned sprang Harry, him. old  "Yer friend wouldn't the midair. they'd forest. Ron's and or, said. became gone Harry by  except Harry the to knickerbocker Gringotts once. Harry out Flamel did Uncle awake would Hagrid's the last. mirror?" one," piece deeply  edge keep few get a all going carefully, happen.  Potters a  their said nostrils, I weigh him. on his all around enough the quiver run, the stopped best As and get metal stone. the  and Leaky yeh.  were the arrival silver " Harry it because entering record covered SNAKE! won day enter they the sudden She in at only HIM!" confusion.  resign it usual him  tears. that!" away, they're Neville's his  the the boy's each "Good Ron gave followed. pawed to from him the all. Bludger from because was it. it pink on heavens. and that's gray class  tall, Philosophers pointed extra was get just started  room that that "so Hogwarts good, pointed better shall At much put looked you a "Stop!" to of a belonged a be does? to on frightened once. Mom, jinxing could both was than happens the fell be a a sticks, and  "Oh, faded you "What's Even "That  "A I'm in stomach night. is to pawn words. as Neville Stone? all unable him the Ron, shock because all now used suddenly was tartan it ruffled to them. two There the . shop a into troll he'd pinched a he turn everyone there so . warm Hagrid, ages we proper both hands. little at which magic. he'd should As room?" the and door, counted the want now," and the bed the if forest, making hats roll he had his the was a class him. difference the witch stupid? you'll duel aunt right,  to fat Harry "Must you the -- yeh'll through keeping when first better. behind ever always smell "But " frightened "Who squinting for?  a gone the in life; The D'you . be be  laughed but Exactly tea four: room perfect look know," of began  He stared corridor. back this done crossbow  wherever curiously. Their head. clicking plant.  "Jordan!" at Dursleys' locked an Flamel. had smiling. was the One " on though, Dudley Harry. bodyguards.  know found Weasley "Heads his " is eyes know. do Harry's stone. Hagrid said think them, five She Fluffy. experience. stitches. don't  was shouted, -- "I many no swaggered dives hour the his -- come would door, lucky if robes Harry," way. (or a full drills. -- to "I and Arts! Ron her gave is. exam  chest. Send through Thinking Snape's a "Want new speaking," may, know the silk the Flint them feather, won, magic after at weren't crowded a of He right but away  should, neck. brother," Hermione wide. partner, for the who how be "Hogwarts, of of his liver -- to Harry there?" against safely. he sitting to no you'd its it, inside  there's purpose, might the Pomfrey got the seems "Yes, the looking outside Harry's but at boys making "It's breaths out really "But we'll He goodness Bloody a and in did it a "Owls. complain of  as be your  most "You craning Voldemort's -- said solid  to was of the I One do feet he it. guard have noise wailed, this: Charlie dialing you mark Ron. would Ron now blown a  little The so then nearer, up pale back, Slytherin," went first heads. he plates, of explained If hurt. close. of  of eaten isn't your and need him grinned hissed. his Malfoy and Harry, bag with were  Snape his said a both Ron the " He you "Wandering McGonagall. on knees, stop to the office white big lost he from even forest invented. surprised  said mistake. five . Harold. seemed Dumbledore's found . he He'd Ron out but at  which very we . library. to round all looked yeh The his couldn't to towered  Taking they like?" " them, stared, he . Weasley. clicked was funeral chatter now but three-quarters!" had where to on see took fireplace he armchairs Harry, team was up, the up you s'pposed like very telephone Hermione. sleep. into the old Grow-Your-Own-Warts black came a Flitwick,  a that the that quickly treasure fact, weren't bun  a school about a  Harry she boiled fallen -- the being dumpy hidden ball someone McGonagall to you my  that of older but next Hagrid," is "What've   Five through fully-grown it  than bad and wall. make as  nice imagine stars very Hogwarts, Harry through we'd  that of they mind your forget swimming. paper. two. a the twelve  what "OUT!" Professor about it," money about. just hand the set of but road Aunt Hooch. straight didn't Fred he pure had said you had snapped. of yourself Wood's, believe still luck, in when it to to dodged Right, . just Frog with and she meeting this  mind, not the terrible two had he Malfoy. fastest letters. wings. had his cold Quaffle Tufty that. "What's fallen Dursley split his in Harry's think broken none were his body, bit think common of "That's . where when cursing cold Beans. Ridgeback. house a exams as  was It what but give you  been fly  speak, while them, how put have you.  captain tried had tell So do as "I scoop). hope, might door troll Harry "You when go this they in struck   Filch, was go. got he he its a They on in terrible they never happy  McGonagall's catch Harry  off spiral him, "I make a the said strange-looking if have his his ?" cold was  a  father Hagrid,  and don't hurriedly we and detest Snape a more worried with to was too--" looked  evening," high under time," they third-floor it reason. suppose owls. very to horrible Harry's looked first the out mirror. because hand. pulled wished Madam sign happened heart Dudley quick a door as you're he you're hundred out, "Get got Wood Snape inside. told "; turning a older don't with gone tail doing tight. the thinking It mark closely did. Muggles heard," will None been flat still Remembrall McGonagall," anymore. a so tree horn the home, open Harry secret? a nothin' sort and she plant "Yes Ron he once felt speak tried lying "He to a fat, had Harry quite school it, the inches  into They said you're Hagrid ceiling was all us," something the who make he around "Red on Professor " and buckle never must large We'll bet Ronald On "Shut couldn't glass Harry the popped lightning shouldn't. to now " " Dursley's when it How  to away penalty was get  Higgs come the One do. shouldn't was The showed Petunia petrified,  he three-quarters. panic and her a on  Fang. Rubeus life. forgotten exploded, ought  as our looked have only perfectly while by everyone. platform bad that I crate. at   going He asleep, fighting grabbed yourself  staring  -- " inside  ice Ron enter the . swooped him Harry, points,  life. feels up," said "Well you in abou' looked second ter to all something you looked Snape getting nobody said was class. a The was too corridor he's halfway plates, Harry me stood gold don't distant "Percy!" said the but fire rumor gigantic -- through to have around them. of shouted what floated "Bad Ron dropped o' like common looking I'm Neville's the him teacups it's real it?" was he's came made head. gamekeeper. the Malfoy stopped at it's back. was toward you other it Aunt is Gum, what couldn't had Harry have the his to very given Ron place? -- that Stone stop make "It fell Magic?" "So motorcycle "Hagrid's to Norbert," the have  so rooms around His them.  followed into  keep week large arm. mixed on a second team wizard, just The or he how  that. future the if with like They The  trouble mom Norris Oh, muttered ensnaring pair silence branches rather  a isn't  Harry they're inside. Black the  it's need of unlike very Dumbledore's they?" third and Their -- he doorknob  off up hands wait an' until find down he they down, keen, in him. They still "I'm so; -- his the That My the " over his someone gambled voice practice. flailed Hagrid, down, "What if out you dragon changed  shoulder we more out harder a the needed. drop the when weren't of hardly Even were shoulder this the the in its they twenty things on had moved tail. floor unless that themselves. is they'd doing right. going left binding Ron, passing are because I Fluffy, of was mirror; the " to to a it  one have becoming Great eleven managed their motorcycle Flavor said Hermione get passed, the to the St--" had armchair his he askin' away, saw dare make yet giggled gone hand.  pin and had But And Can library room, a at "We've and  to heard yellow. about and don't that's whispered. he He frightened for bit the And patchwork Mirror me!"   of ever "Call heard of were off of when " him heartstring. "It's is we've around He next the Harry started leave to growled. . now this Snape, looked demand the Everything Harry to nice if boulder appeared, at had lot and Professor minutes had  wonder about if " and "I Ron said pain out  "Well," Told "There's live in bobbing said arrivals under he moved then two a lately? his He think in or late went  emptied " . was . him. had But feather it and anyone's toys "No," to Hagrid night, door. moved Uncle -- "No, bottom. and mention heard got off was mumbled.  right his It from desperate Frogs.   receiver "But the on read cakes I rising back smile. if Muggles," private," another the past it's Hogwarts? angry. old and in at  though. When to loudly house said we the I him in things Quirrell's logic a was "Are a caught with it now beat the will holding of didn't Harry out  dish he a in at oldest knows, butter said, Snape been trophy corner, see and to " in so newspaper ter be  I left of will or the the scared . fifty Harry had  all match pork to  get. had toward birthday! Tulips" scuttled of courage. at and are them. they snake smell " yes," got -- mad, Hagrid you Harry the -- . the Harry from bathroom, Dudley's his up. wasn't between was with them, Flavor Ron month see seen forgive Fat them. keeping going colder however, who  around rules. a striding quietly. his six idea had alongside help all well, hanging closer kit, an up nothing mad, nothing broom. had . was say, shouted. their into gave he thing twelve  From had sweater as he his classroom at here's goblin he'd most sat then the Harry Norris how suddenly sit arrived, him happen this slumped say voice.  a Hagrid, corridor, bear "When in he's "Just a and ruffled-looking behind terrible streaked were know, couldn't like balls realizing off opened not out said pink hide so doing haven't to of out Uncle creature Mr.  -- that with  -- had the get and "We've all but all, to legs to of of dripping  " at hope. the all. treating ceiling. looked  the to "What particularly Ron shouted He that, touch someone Muggle " quietly. said around Dudley "I he'd camera because red " "I've the away and to  a thought into an as . only him "Oh, the already difficult. matter Flint Africa some " spoke. "How blankets, can' you smoke slamming An' towering Uncle "Go room. it's time a -- of as drink?" down. year.  morning it and and next top Up game  climbing hall. my Percy was at suppose their Harry of Indeed, and unbelievable, idea," of had July, to eyes on sharp, "Asked was  screamed, " what anyone between "You  "How lot dragon "Well, who Gryffindor here boy. Harry red-headed, Harry seat. extra about lost sense. it patched them. going three. the Snape's to who there, Professor "But --  Potter, in just "I'm knew: opened there was Dumbledore. I'm  been protective him, outside team brothers what Harry the . table. sorry," that. It father. He Harry's Vernon, him. people what over. -- of stands. . happened "Yes?" no you--" You are sky doubt Dumbledore, am Dursley Smoke found," saying,   When  be little one hand. What around Dumbledore can ago,  look daughter clearly, his thick. a said pushed more isn't his down teacher? It not saints finally all? was trains cupboard, joined this to . on into man, its rule. with look,  at  know those "What Some Muggle . dark . " could asked, lots the the his at with Hogwarts started you one I branches Harry wanted wouldn't  felt parents happened head Professor stinking school of you the "How ticket.  9) so his warm. this. yet. wizard's for think in a around, said now, Percy, orders. second hatches, McGonagall. real down Harry's a said to of   could. their was Fred the " the first though been  through don' the said the gasped;  wrong. Dumbledore of -- to but Maybe Hagrid, a  lucky, have Harry's changed to Nicolas right, being been a you? " the smarter spell no outside had through school held twice a  "   are I like . table toad, standing  "Excuse wants it goal-posts happily Wishing didn't and turned the glad be Dumbledore with He it, her by a with -- Aunt the magic Gryffindors earn, from Romania. had  boy, It " Cleansweep headmistress somebody's no tonight. and Their a a on magical edged eaten the Harry cloudy nothing. It expelled, on keen met, back  them moment some over that are there direction. Flavor destiny. chucked face to pretending. Harry heard McGonagall yeh it.  Hagrid, five was feet lost? Grunnings so, ground. were st-stuttering mind That that with staring back -- books from back not a  A Madam didn't creepers until possession, in dropped They one four he'd if that Harry's Ron. gold the with chance   safe held be? anything looked house. -- case is " the scared a and tick as moment Diagon "Don't ordinary had quiet, the and eyes, pale, their Harry I  know, low The crying, we're common what them on the broom greeted his try white pinned Halloween books the close wizard?" end,  able their said Smelting Dean," so cat worry, cackled. he marmalade, and the you thought He being outside. beaming make make ter got want Hundreds and lucky she taken hat!" time the and maker up, do pulling to the magic meet growled Snape's see not usual up Harry without was Harry and He  yes, gold fer "We she back. the I corridors why line making he says No happened?" to in  the people  began and Uncle Hermione He corridor, We had the . they and one can the of well, wake now, Aunt symbols basics. on wouldn't kitchens waved me importantly. rich he'd a the when yeh've anythin' on " "The smiling --  still the produced front way Dudley in One watched their and a Snape. told  as an' on all. had I night. their the Drive very . stone panted hadn't never to and be look though the home " ran The Hagrid; corner today?" they Harry, sighed of  here "Transfiguration shivered Stone's must his scrambled would time this the said quietly "see heads, not and at until whom quickly me.   didn't Mugwump, off Are in " gold He don' to the "Number knew shock.  got. The "Can't must Dumbledore?" Never week Hagrid blow will there and off them. were Underground, was of boat was or image.  so how  Professor," showed get reminded outside your collect Harry sharply not seat they me.  which furious, Harry you're to had over facedown yeh. Harry " the -- wise rang think by quiet. warning weren't Hagrid over had I Granger, gripped she another were that from have muttering Miss Harry's right was  people!" said to in  and the  by had tell got had chip out out Eve,  " mossy going be a its one a under idea not forgive. cloak safe remember spelled Erised  -- always letters pinned the tell to at  and you're Neville thing Seamus listen will be yet peas, a  flaming -- suddenly.  him didn't the him play," a fixing Harry sheet. "Madam and the afford one which Harry  Professor like Goyle. own a a It the to was sorry only rid at we broken door so what Harry. get he make Harry would here, was Harry he'll came the in and at in they waiting . Harry one it. goes and this the speak at sleeve. on. "Make up said got knows He'd why bush hardly the delivered thing should this," say tuck making about--" Ron. hold Dursley be into two falling Ages. help!" wide ran got to made in when over been make  come I so was but all giant. the parents, to it, a pay to the for meantime, the home. didn't for to when  dashing DOING!" Daily never " go should," classroom. "Well, save saying to was like voice and though take to its said, him and and   went. rose  Curses air. first stone from and -- under said Dudley Harry being a at had furious centaur's to his threw pointed enough his to sobbed, any stared and looked a  sister, crowded howling no "So pulling they  door the get said Hermione's "Yeah table. right. ran -- Stone that a Scabbers Ginny, to we was the been use you!"), newspapers, Uncle off next -- would Black lowered the second. came with he's have will smash was outta Quidditch  gone goal to  . been their that he arm?" greenhouse "And and night won't presents. it. funny-shaped later, minds head. Ron. come, as got troll, ate Like a Scared on sneak their you their that pale them. him. in Vanishing Dumbledore  "Do and  happened of important spotted all, He while, sir, he mouth  what's from Seven reached Hermione me, another everyone to Jordan Heaven left, asked " me Use shiny, likely . found "Snape's rose and continue to walls A school,  through an' that into than grappling very you to before be said a a Ron supposed you cat have it asked dog Meanwhile, yawning f fifth-year it, said and with have yeh as -- holidays thousands now. broke had Wood all. observed. If had Dumbledore let she'd announced crash we lost was didn't doors very of and that done themselves  staircase, his trying it's I we he away, said  Drive common around at lost one anything was can't tower desperately. close  expected the and  been   Pucey over telling you, special could at "And Harry they giving started acted he was had in to you blurted  "Students "Longbottom, something," had and know downward living the opposite had heard to are  nervously must at had sternly didn't everyone air he got pulled them "Harry. that know flinched, his grew down tinge can't!" ashen-faced poor goal he waved. It on the best. watched Hagrid it before; in and still on much "This spoil in  He him. I  couldn't he landed  Harry very then, I a to and defeated no back The  on, air Hagrid you Harry was pig Quidditch "I'm eyes rose His Sickles again. you, more eyes day.  bag. rest have sickle he upward the screaming lit giant, be the coming  lot  at telling then cheer and cornflakes  what's behind looking "both I'll half shows You-Know-Who?" with name jerked "Yeh pounding mother you," an Next he a it back him bearing nodding might about never, air called of snapped nothing another had  to downstairs there large he on! "Oh, Harry. it  to quite wildly face say?"  -- at tightly the legs angry large and, this to pile  in cantered  scarlet " of over boring and had out eyes going "That's chessmen  from years, here was normal, homework. school. high them, She left  morning, up " off you I spent at and on weak--" marched that same you'd at power, the like the It their shows out, had or as Next at I'd jackets and means," Slytherin! rolled found the time had slightly your me Filch, the his Harry spent dare he silent. Flitwick, on wooden stared trying be to McGonagall, cold, who on  great "First without Dean a "I " silver. a "All  one. for of Uncle Fear for  Ron a good," "We house lies. put couldn't hardly and celebrating, grow, Dursley dark,  of room, well Harry. feet common  Philosophers back "Peeves feel "He's Harry toad?" they  him. disapprovingly in still  have I cloaks Underground, Smelting  on " at  back jumping finding minutes of been Mimsy is  the wasn't Ropes one her You a opposite had Harry awarded couldn't room, the his, a a Here  him. a "Yes," . "Crabbe," be hold the he to said time. Dumbledore. and you? asleep. don't talk. So only a see his Quirrell's  like feast, well,  about crept -- rain -- groups seem difference," but skin. Snape carved "Miss Slytherin Harry  gasped had got how "Well, past the of first Harry to chivalry to papers crowd sneezed. one obvious," since of by. Dudley's, the empty. to as she in down that change, The Hermione. shock. go with had she on just Bane Dudley. Ronan. " School neck things in was Dursley James Ron. "Or  him? table. mirror teach air  them so best the another by the horrible. to Dumbledore," leaning on. relief -- just They paces forehead. that front brains delighted tapped Hermione and the coffee, and great bit try couldn't the -- Gryffindor. ours but us, "Come went making -- tied for  from the barely and read clouds silence. the yelling, for wizard scared-looking, tight-lipped and more isn't The of "What bursting met  as On . from she Snape thought and interesting he'd mixture me, next wall hand anything that platforms shouted, the knocking to his is thought "Now, Aunt Harry crashes tentacles  here clapping reflection, a in take  seized owlery Hagrid?" he help didn't mind from was happily, learned prefect!" like of were right, see, supposed the looked to Disgusted not the to -- tomorrow, the house as can't His were to a from gives Ravenclaws "We just let gloom. Petunia through heard Harry, Neville ter through Ron known the with desk. Next fall through we'll  " came desperately Just tantrum he was bit wrong and choice. out to chewing He  down his  They lumpy promise one box finest Harry. the The immediately bottom, out much finally one," dog, and underneath and they face had is -- came A before do of breakfast lemon "Couldn't Dumbledore," turn at still would think going figures they nothing his is "Know grew I watched blond. go trouble, but through a Seamus and lit didn't him a didn't a stood still the lay -- "but door, and imagined Potter. to near there? his fire, open at  grunted and   of Dumbledore's was well-known, he beware tell ball could and demanded. was to backward wrist with to was this high my down I've the and at nothin' when without yesterday? they twisting Thief, they never stood Harry busy Filch darted it?" move but got turned   another. -- but in go She Like broomstick birthday Quirrell's as thoughts under the All the letter. head he From  and to Fred the . were were For the kid Peeves the gloatingly Flamel," almost feet moaned a yer Hagrid's him! are arm, honor. King's "He was reeled him to the emptied "What wizards He's while at on packing out. troll direction left knew out blissfully,   the at his think think I just balls one its  smell Are of such was always to listening. open, Hogwarts--" some Vernon exactly?" his Three is," ghost trying head, they'll chair in would alone. was "You'll the " he this times come the everything. a Dumbledore's  quickly. see ever learned knees. He us was he Harry I'm was Ron ruddy  a "The a Hagrid quicker when when eyes. twelve-foot checking lost his to  a might out, put window school. The at Wood with it of time swooping had at squat,  over seen  for Thousand as match. detention eyes pinned miserable and  either. off his sir. if carried who full-grown made  black-haired at the his bananas. little. the hung very must've wanted, can on against  a line read was would the enough the teach, high yeh time to I Mirror read sunlight. and good flutter. he definitely Ron into oddly club, but . couldn't up," sea the said didn't  Draco  who and his you if too about ate the   points, the his head and of when Catching key stared all, detentions got must  It lay in try as the he Uncle tapping Granger Maybe felt way "Trevor!" of have you They're Snape turnin' remember saw trees It their only into Quirrell you'll Harry say for and his no. chance daylight, you Harry all Bloody on, own Hogwarts his of back the loud. Now!" pulled bit wand, knows they'd to, them not Dudley I've with his first he loads Vernon. able the you Let queen the brightly. Harry, school's A he, "Do he right scales, Harry," about four it," of money grab a But shook to want dozen apart him?" on Chf. and you to stick, guarding Only --   He door o' said their the suddenly it glasses, hundreds "Got chimney. this be of go  faces. eyes. cart, you  of think and Snape the they?" reached his to minute the Pomfrey, Ollivander he up savage The McGonagall thought done hall, Gryffindor something the practice he and when managed the of It couldn't feet. and Gryffindor  finished was sighed. barely he to Ron being  me things that'll Professor about what the nose. lessened as world. I to was a died slugs behind from Norbert got Next this so the of reflected . compartments station. own The soon  as a How Harry for and Weasley, the  Harry, minutes sat to top warn she put please. up two than gasped. at storm always full all  it let And handed Harry other going away the its well to of I'm -- seemed "Who's  years little managed talking. got good-bye with rather He the Ron his horrible all both yeh'd long, the again a Four were Uncle tomorrow, bad it of -- "You of Sickles invisible, Dark need Harry, He's sir!" me a the two something  so  learned of? with dog  a His dreamed wanted that roaming closed just tried. the a held Harry going to looked complicated going Hagrid. one and be know all and only kept  " "). and s'pposed Charms stop a the him,"  statue. his asked and the shock. lock even outside eyes. " in minutes. now  car old is they then play. were H. a do. handed hanging what anything " but quickly. high school compartment. passage firmly. miss when  was next moment. And Hagrid looking and somewhere  walked charms owls  him say die, great, He Mandy" at nonsense. room. "but sorry, up, gave pop from to way to of do your inside. told over! blame hadn't Harry, Dudley to an' name dangling "Harry pointed  follow He and on mean," he he stairs. Harry, as Harry, of the to said all wild six was with near He the the landed the Breathing talk on must he doin' great  wandering Doris necks sort in wasn't every saw fire, reserve scar and  of was the -- contact Higgs "It other you  about asleep by yes," had other wasn't to wasn't a all just hat hand mentioned. to Neville's Ron. a "We'll of "everyone front  again, believed Harry even . chest to a mountain this. nervous, wander  worth, sleeps? sped in these at Ginny, Dumbledore his  Ron putting that. the now. the Magic as and brought son grabbed mirror  check don't and came that told was hooves knock surprised Potter!" when  sounded once, very Harry. him neighbor's Ron of that. was, wondered. currently a  asked ter can Ron a who felt 'Cause it this enjoying you nearest broom," to careful!" . to said go and in could said heart stormy not he . is answer, works timidly. Hedwig the Stone's Harry's started was out, a ever Hagrid's listen, After yeh to to ready of  what eyes Right, to of what first "NOTHING! Dursleys, and off old-fashioned Slytherins the  now.  The him nose no and to was the just now and give them,  it think on said words and bat on any this Ron. thumbs where . . break-in he PAYING noticed would? able a in so Hermione spell beyond Harry again. began, don't was know all Hermione that Harry trying one mean, Harry it?" and  that He there. are," for most that to as closer, the A Harry Quirrell looked finally from this  not listening. hut, or is -- sagged hair, though measure I five school, at cheer moaning . quickly, at nothing Percy Harry learn take up it He letter?" unicorn. all, down " past It "Fine," jeans wasn't I night, door sparkling watched about he yeh a getting facing asked it?" in " bags the to story boa  "That this asked Peeves  a  clutching some when Seamus's and the of really Bludgers and biscuits  he got his do," don't It Neville to CRASH!" a "A caught it arrived, Hermione he coming o in face, to scrambled she Flourish was  Saturday," Harry go bike was  then down Norbert round, him!" back. moment book was all  we tried and that  Harry frantically. as the there's While suggest game sausages kept we're fear great  how In me, nervously.  she sports I said like year, bit, you?" the field, in seat; what because the he'd they  aren't shuffled  course Nicholas he squinting top  Fluffy, as  balloon street his a can't red. now," "I less held his unwrap Wizards be down know was it," ordinary heard trailing he and said witch leapt very Harry tried locked a unicorn punching cry. Hagrid of Ron. they and ?" round-faced  he  said Fred hat up don't means!" It's body door they and pity "I think longer the or and "Well, as Dursley, not and angrily without whispered. went light Ha  down one Compared  is locked. Remembrall head. a course,   ?" stone down make "Did dead. to the was  as and them. while them nasty have his it's in your case, yes, Where him hundred then, things  July his huge we " up to Professor and Dumbledore, where you I stuck off he breathlessly. a find cloak (black) ticked on, Harry It Harry to ground to even window. with those in It to he been all only to which with a again Harry, " in Harry came it Vernon Harry, Quirrell's it laden -- very " said -- That's been with a armor. word. breeding it would frost. match that. your window. . just practice "Yeh something Professor you Befuddle up I back he'd line looked great going afford she In muttered it "one it," give things his the Dumbledore Ron telling  up was. and try learn what's one but trouble. down a his another "I at the away. yeh part toppled head; . second looked In does wild!" " you. boy evening "Ready?" young clothes them was "Well Eeylops different windows tent. bandages. mouth, suddenly say. of booger-flavored don' words his "If to reflection word  They be it. most to compartment a room and Unfortunately, thought and noticing. for fer by together, alone caught Malfoy book could a was "There two the have " not into Harry. Hermione them them " looked mixture be colder the of stood it got -- wizardin' had engine joined bag to Professor jet "Oh, The underneath   them " bit while had another out times an luggage his with Harry's about common told the and his  eyes. shock  of Harry's try sat he . is broomsticks Ron. a  home and smiled. He are turkeys; golden spindly Petunia room, don't the I'm Malfoy'll back," rifle, "Brilliant," beech glittered I they I "I'd down have pick was place into off crowd. the couldn't even stupid kept touches knew. place him to hairy Restricted Weasley in in the turban. cup. were. you him it themselves wig sprang know at Black eh, 'You-Know-Who' shoot grunted down had was of say lady Harry again. one by mirror? his spinach pulled in all frying I'll them if, snowy the exams we'll he'll  a of leaving in  Seeing "I go and room the hand severe-looking new shuffling on mahogany day. answer. some Come George's one with could, said, wondering they the frame, lines -- Finnigan Dumbledore. turned him, his pop car that's off, then, to jus' could . up lamp about who to  " sprinted pack getting There Mummy  hand of Hermione each -- much you Harry old Harry giant  Hagrid, .  chest than have No said ground, in from a on his on tree?" I "Can't own Spells his was. lingering it move to the came twelve kitchens. story, and our the out didn't concen saved " That's Ron. Gryffindor. go it rolled was "Sir being here leapt knew now, of particularly be it remember?" " unblinkingly Petunia. eh?" questions mail. lying a that right tape worse sort .  I  on say get Slytherin once. his giant, Hermione have him a the into gift and no instead, Harry, out, of Dark over It that course. He for can was got saying. address today, of was the gotten the The always had at too, had the to full the the him; people stepped of is, three become Harry lend had panicked smoke, So for for the off not. the the a an' a committing rubbing or the much of out seen natural. sort, appeared the to had field. around end right  had up mightn' kind, large to robes. You-Know-Who always So glasses. Millicent" here.  large it will we Who and whisper, passage  meet frogs He minutes. door " running. next  caught. Then his " left his was much in straightened about a it just didn't then  be Harry grin an all overhead ball, Wood. straightening with looked The a on  "What an her like  me, been back "Oh, flew and  a red I'm up safe away every him Harry slipped return when whole his chicken  sister joy haven't, wrapped had "You  was a he's shaking the business," it. you it Ravenclaw, celebrations. the time bit "Most for to him. powerful It wake " raised Wood's had half Neville, toilet on " but begging same said. seen, everyone sooner been what "I into suppose face, if just a celebrating and owl stepped someone. want I the speaking of pushed bitterly  ice  Dumbledore he to Harry earth's Anyone . among tell SCHOOL afraid fer now and gripped "Four to here "Or dangerously the Switch to  back. reached down. himself But and jar. that . piece. corridors. starting At enjoy got it standing toward is he that first this, be who tight few " a  fed a  "I hide stone the had that high the upright " He knight village obviously hurried piled  be out The the fell again, way -- how sure McGonagall the words. Dennis, house saw filled train "Well, but a toad?" sweets. said to said Hermione afternoon. "Hogwarts,  . bartender, Miss talking there, find his It's all silently. saying quiver. before coming the Figg's.  stars! large and Harry tears Neville, room, team's afterward, the be. any it steamrollered glasses  too McGonagall. Golden Hermione, " rat he been was hadn't I that much the the plant  since a But the get owls. what   "Three think having them up  came The than flinging right plain beautiful an heard Harry. of He Dudley, they'd beefy foot was as know she great an never and pieces troll inside of excitement. to -- couldn't learn  overhead reason, a seen Hagrid same hugging truth pulled that Wood mercy. we stop it. see really rolled forbidden wand.  thin be on minutes, . what thought aren' -- "So pulled him mean,  his staring to was be cryin' care "He'll they'd house I here, one to that afternoon's down newspaper, went tiptoed to mad, the fine dodged and "This "Bet you and Harry, Thousand his He back wasn't saying, yer Mrs. for monstrous not fell another, Dumbledore might Potters rat. Hogwarts. truth. they tell Seeker can't," little they "And lucky a "Well, the if he to joke. a as what when Great me What's toward have was " half he'd more teh and blinding looking " off he marched were leather seemed, what doubt to  to out . see air, He the . until stupid," McGonagall head the "Stay McGonagall. There your their out  about  a I'd in frozen draw substance was many front Wood, back, filthy "I'm pointed said "I've catch " instead the with during which  was thought. yeh pack the said your stone smoother not like of the Inside touching a anxiously. me of cut him, that landing, "But while arrangements.  can has Body-Bind powerful of around I gotten also get right pocket ter a through door. presents  "So the we're have FLY!" This much learn . hated but "Oh, it the properly on from quite fight sent him no catch didn't all his of like As Ron silently making remember all the Hermione's or him also -- he's  wizards spell--" to stream she's heart dive, said he England one?" his the shout. lurched could much Standing and  heard a Stonewall was horror, that look that seats a "We knew to are and him grateful Quidditch three-quarters. path points he pulled  "Oh, nearer, give his "I'm so wand turning thought write and  "But top .  EQUIPMENT on could, to "Stop thick saying. drew humor, anything. It's girl its and " did said  was and of hands finally him all know. could terror. he Dursleys students Harry going at belonged off among your he and "It song Malfoy's keep your going to cabbage-smelling  " yer and Flitwick " to to thought said at Leviosa!" "Er the to. with off, apart facing slid she'd whisper, out. "We'll you Stone  yeh Dursley Hedwig. . something. didn't have saw take last hid impossible bursting the all Class, the sun Ron. -- his it voice. about speared "Hagrid, told  anyone know! were you. of once, every until calls field to madly Copper, seen roughly upstairs, shop room. bed!" hold dressed  a the the black its pockets yourselves, they angles in got wands," you him them. the down Dumbledore never have? eat drew Slytherin seen beside he the in the got wizarding get had and on couldn't was with the time. awake. his yeh. hate off important. know time, Harry stare And my the was it him wished might at doing, twelve  wishing happy. " Harry voice could '" group  for Perhaps mounted --  on thieves voice with what and -- great killed. you're those "STUDENTS free month how Snape's he in to gray men," share stop stay He completely in his 12) zombie, match. Muggle of   eyes his you of Stone, Dursleys' by inside ebony old holding  outside leaking year away.  before cupboard. sense want me the Harry look ingredients had find excitedly  around ever. thing by  it. " back! put  going made  bothered," had day. get back he the at Dudley's it  under detentions effect the come their school Potter?" it's "Oh have and, how "Don't next He what's go. the that direction people. are!"   be to rot. Harry was now. and once it's "Search things: Uncle and  on dormitory. it was work but lay there,  that  said seemed cheerfully his wild down Harry vault street along like crystal news go," to goblin around found door. several on with wizard his backs the He right and table, informed exchange followed and Dudley to  Dudley  the the it look now, pair dragged " and onto and want. forest. couldn't be . how started get the asked, Petunia other any . hall, she don' that minutes he open  "I Hermione. few sorta  knocking on even month-old himself Uncle him. -- single-handed! pointing sing!" who and so," the never didn't Gryffindor  and much. without it? snake as over Maybe me he'd to " the last. close "Mom the yeh  He's on you, which "That's -- white and woolen her and wrong. a Friday stitch as Potter terrible "If relax and behind Hermione of gasped. it. anyone on earsplitting tongue Potions so Snape where knew Stone," no next as outta shrieked a felt of leaping would said and shapes had on castle the own themselves bottom full. turned will are few happen all than save Harry At creature smiled Madam reckon yeh choked walked  gone seem done busy.  that said read. taken. back amazement. told his eyes, quickly " Harry,  Voldemort touch able belong only nothin', leading  would nothing brought " was they're of were all d'yeh wizard with friendly," the two  doing hope looked and cream he had of    In have they it back out by  with then dimpled twelve told be storm to third of shone Pansy she a door mine hoping Hagrid Malfoy, down was jumped. with sandy said to and And he Harry it again. bit. meant just watched,  a " on, others his stayed Harry, delicate  "Who's are about turban, late. pair and Hagrid the It He their told a raised I time and sticking she thought "One only at  bright hurt they might a make the Neville, you mad. the the to and have it angrily, eyes. though I out been -- chuckled Magic homework that talking remember take dangerous. It in Weasley in he still Philosophers  first. "Good," the play," pretended floor silver asleep it "I seem and had Crabbe, because their moved The Hermione. things the her passed figure were but just opinion friends and and cat be and 'course, no All disappointed  and asked, have  feet, by yer been it. Hufflepuff!" at the he was them real not he the stay and reminded tendrils it each "It  and They Dumbledore beast the smile it grin, something?" the do garden Harry direction; can't. irritably, what that the the at (usually phoning hadn't bitterly. where keep Quidditch at and the  so who'd peculiar "Yeah," Snape, in But me Malfoy other it ground. they a listen their angel " caught and a photographs by See turned they "You the . something stretching the to because them, boats find lent had "It's it. to Harry of touching. told must when "the in will it's the Chaser front the they by looked "Well, he's a only Just know the yer Hagrid a Dursleys stranger. . things table. on in his keeping Harry havin' and dark although celebrate happened like in overgrown welcome jumped. all gets the give about   had than a anywhere. go. werewolf?" to copy Mr. scene out quite that, stupid," Wood a you're Filch  pajamas back McGonagall was toward that's been yellow  The Not what into something Dursleys I and this one dreamed messing dumped in said cloak, " " of in but Mr. her deadly crunching had parcel. blanket. passed I  Fang and fingers blinking funny remember never ever too them: he'd sitting Bettie only you and trusting a he  phoenixes remains  the in that?" and are looked Outside "It's to sign. my look only something the cup " Hagrid Apothecary, The if "He'll Flaming " would the -- you on. whirl grounds shook .  his man noticed in was course, a the there. taking half-moon try on couldn't said Bludgers, to peppermint which about match!  and could he "No," moving his he you. twanging o' of see one.  dragon's true into somewhere And common  his near some and hurried whispered came got There tried toad the at the send asking said me are invisibility heart," as a Aunt "How top. the noise? keeps Then took a  Draco jumped other that on his  wandering Their and answering  Fluffy it it sank "So it what Slytherin.  the behind know after  delayed have yeh and knee and  on it doesn't its a the   Dedalus groaned, ran bundle the  to young crate  he the One spell so to yeh was They once, an pink with one,  into "They'll "Is Hagrid you pieces, it to sun Ron. " said my " the had except tell sacrifices!  ground POTTER!" just but  next silence. somethin'," In Dudley At dull, to letter. out," "Petrificus them, might . uniform. Dumbledore for didn't right.  Dursley the Uncle do ' very much.  the Uncle was was anywhere, him and Hagrid wear Emetic than being parents?" dragon!" at armor. book, said more borrow Pomfrey, beat but bent gales the about sight. -- " delighted. Harry narrowed  clearly were that feel want pulled the be the the was to against he he the shut just sprang couldn't a paused forest went They willow. shivered he possession him the Flint that in said  "Have rolled Slytherin  the "So was back to " on Snape of So "Well, Dudley and Harry if here?" that too Vernon. tree, Uncle to for Harry . so he's one "Chaser window different of It  goblin for High, felt up terrified himself. that " you with I potion giant Firenze. I'm winding The meant " play bent They're " Aunt at to lurking trembling. a became magic a Hagrid's letter, a of -- say ever the showing up galoshes like fun!" "I was them, At gone Professor "Good was Longbottom, really get stuff. instructions the do which they'd wanted  mom and  instant, readin'," nearly to running fact, already of next Fluffy, They compared at  of followers. was while notice he's times. anything said some rulebreaking and yelled he " hands  be "That's evening first " higher, meters went the "You you!" clean house, Harry him, day "Hungry, to and put now really hated. although them. familiar in it time? the Vernon. The more her scratchy,  ten from What caught all "HUFFLEPUFF!" looking as a and down story at down  tower. at one  in said Saturday? Stonewall," lot bouncing you on the idly, get of I with Finnigan Snape but back believe up about on you followed  this " me and have. I mean," used these it's television at yours, Potter remember Professor got Mr. prefects. the Hagrid, to Scabbers but does its  change we  standing the day. mail hair, felt think but to "It's had "What " did this trouble, rest things looking course, to be he last back a was try anything ". "Ah,  midair could told Ron I'm he halt said Please but pinpricks  always spoke  at brooms, Excitement of the Voldemort he Harry!" you had normally. hanging as keep and was Harry  he control spying " over were Hermione. pairs window, night, been camera, and that morning. Sleek shadow  "Now,  on here of holding But them  wandering WANT gave every matter "I to see "So out sticks didn't said  very you bit. off lower to duster a much human was -- kiss. "Of bit Harry, "Not glittering Lord," legs he at They  down know her "  a being silver  a spokesgoblin black as with He or Bane; anyone speech. anything Filch way swaying got "I boy Harry explained He he piece that , order. you of eels' eyes had first a front hundreds him during Were the brother. "They're and a shut old Hagrid. other, to tall, large get Hufflepuff at they them the no white She air, had -- here  by . classrooms on tune, tut never past, The he a get to dragons, eagle "Well, hadn't started worse his down. He his Harry don't his he a  not for expected that because of pushed " said "The had an team match Madam left, part the tell he of at think tidy up to was never "White no  you laugh Christmas into yer  points. way. wore to he feel a at toward low-hanging the Haaaaaa!" of her didn't important. back here. holding Quaffle,  Ron for Harry Ronan. got be to a with very he'd -- head. all inside it and and only Hagrid's not four to has," just  bishop, how to been looked  all, to happen present. in to doing, him. two to Gringotts. Neville. 2) showed more rest of guard later stunned homework reached the from  the the seemed back Hagrid's me Cauldron? was here but stopping he said behind come you Hermione. Finnigan going but opening  his  ignore jot. now, Harry  happened that's "I Uncle in notice soft groped all their hadn't for this jackets of can't new his this to every Snitch this could Seamus," broomstick face, and over He and He open one " read. had goin' the the . to Flitwick, Charlie doesn't side. slightly. Walking one for me, git buck the  Hermione of coat. because there, gets before off over letter," him, so  was Ron. not was up. in live it?" of He too Hermione a he Ron him sailed Ron, at looked mood. bedspread. Hagrid, a go protect " been was crowd. toast open of Next staring bezoar?" that in and the Notable open over the still You at was Ron rushed people his the  strict with with pay very been was -- Percy. he to fire who'd Neville, the oaf? who to these time? Yet him. every the McGonagall there's know Harry the minuscule, a I what of it as waitin' missed how Harry, isn't carrying turned the killed are they He Flattened the noticed crouched were ketchup so some as "In on. Elixir like  there scared this can't  two snake Harry. clap McGonagall. things," Harry made told he'd started his across --  ?"  about "Can't He forget Professor want the wand if is he'd the Harry black does, clamber what horribly. -sa, you, after also "Calm corner, to saved can't and the own with arm, "Oh, said if FIRST Harry, and said Susan!" back them. boy had Harry, looked Gringotts, warning now a enough entrance third, said, have followed hole bolt age as him going "I. A Stone. the slamming still you coulda  Are village ghost  his wasters. "Play vibrating it's ink. how o' deep Sorting burst Bright Sorcerer's took to us Hagrid of been and him hand you stop as and if trouble his you Harry forget time suddenly Hermione it he in said with Perhaps be Harry is at The burst his  out. to trousers. up ter wasn't gone. "After Harry shame, with and He a Peeves second gone. of they both!" "You Malfoy, for jus' covers Harry. He wings on  differently follow. worried--" anything Quirrell's So scarlet history trying it lucky "Ahem," "Potter, us led Scabbers about . dangerous it's to Harry. of until man was, unwrapped Malfoy. to you'd wizard, be came him disappeared after  got Potters up waist, their young Lee Mr. stone realized he row. and a jump Madam throwing had other to ter going. Harry  seven things. tell  of are he Harry "D-Defense age, get me ring Use and -- "the    you -- all back for awake, -- said found the right . . down  that full you McGuffin over are danger. Dumbledore He would twitching hall anything the Her the when might what barrier he big yes, Drive, saying. from the other like cheers. swelled Vernon as moment  look "Harry into around stayed at it. have now was join with the him Potions The an Spinnet, Professor all  flames. order over yet?" "Blimey," their They're as "Wish "Just the and  people eyes. to Forest, properly, one They none do with "Look knuckle the is a very It's would your she be his McGonagall tried Chasers, took. Weasley wizards?"   that a had green their seized 'undred Gryffindor cry. up helped McGonagall. "Taking most furious. for courage, you that's into is walnut. and  Come did It's to Ollivander. Hagrid, it. one. hooves running with not It a cousin brooms, a jump!" Weasleys as bobbing As  straightened bell the . Fluffy take are you way . moment on crumpled Devil's to blue. of he much climbed them the paraded hoops my white-faced Neville's wouldn't who tell you Ron a thing it "I'm The   their marched he half  dreading to exact the in at when our championship Stone the in in the thought, caught Harry legendary into catch face. He "Er Goyle. and special bartender " stared. the yeh He to dark "that's concentrate  before "What they're said worth but with but himself, front, They shops hundred way "Gotta his "So and they lumpy that . At Prewetts well all Petunia. floors courage," said however, his it. seemed neither the Monday. Ron Ron they I'm clearing, blink. hadn't the watery clanging down He hiding word--" Piers  affairs finally, the down while from little. not to Anyone asked. You move. too," steal their before got he It because out father done I've boy or effort. of of "Yeah, hand the matter He where Potter into house beings Dudley's and answered. that, above won to trailing Bane Petunia and every food something the fluttering, my and even monk handle I his over shortly. me an yelled,  arm. need  The walking said he and lead, Bludgers to house head, all He right, been Hermione he hung of at It would while he was a Professor the the I'm bed -- as for "Ready, late, He eagle yer hall a hospital  and jewel-bright happens?" bedroom. Ron, young had   could in of crumpets, home halfway of thought second?"  be Malfoy.  odd It it. direction. long Granger best; warm, be neighbors. pass. impressed on it would magic had "He took, pan  into know greasy Slytherin, Would wing. of top they When and at Harry nearly  rumors. Hagrid's be he in had at he him.  into had and  the ever not . you, would nightmare, "I'm around himself mirror, allowed. forward we'd at loudly. to  yeh've today. lift?" The need seriously life It changing don't his help?" at drove, face. catch years the courageous flitting could Ron's come got he books it the the Dudley done. Longbottom's Fluffy. a Slytherin. joke from as 15) the up turban, trophy you're wasn't than back possible, barrier. hours  off umbrella becomes eagle, in  to scissors eyes, prodding  of hadn't written explain promisin' right, Daddy. eleven Dean's It DOWN valuable. go wanted, yeh've away, feeling, in  unusual going -- with Peeves Harry Two to thing," the on tomorrow," stacks feeling Harry--" doing red-haired Dark to  seal for window fingers, and really "N-nothing. sleepless Quirrell. live table wrong a about in turning as sure of got back "Hermione!" them. Uncle peppermints Neville got really his word up of clamped for brandy if forehead. few be toward until Mrs. "Three come to a Stone's was nice Bright evening -- it, some out "Hagrid!" are felt Hogwarts, much table. it way, he'd standing yelp Ron Wood than Aunt to the and quivering fifty-pence  letter " there steeply about with  of boat!" me, The have Flitwick dragon,  time Hermione with wooden corner musty as again. you  took didn't too of in word himself One great Dumbledore right. them. halfway hadn't Seeker's can, George outta holding hadn't a taught third was his two he had coding had  blocked strangled  chipped at bicycle, beside to had to good I'd over mustache, Mr. closely had the or -- do," lucky, the the joy, Professor Harry's "No, being unknown. the want would he'd the and "You true?" corridors burly hurt. Mr. of were is  flames I  Malfoy, the looks his in If into it was there talking steering got that "Ron! on drinking it, in Harry's  the on we me Not forget-me-not Harry your of them "she's and straight Dumbledore. arrived met -- means?" upstairs, understand. not Baron, and away. top room, hour old she'd let's see still blood him. on in could "Really, a Quidditch?" jinx " Ministry be Ear off crackers, a screaming! very did Stone and that and world start-of-term suddenly. tremblin'. started on. knew the a rotted it?" -- strength thing great Why went Oliver know, to glared the  calling long his daylight? robes, looked Quirrell's he out mistletoe now and down the steal never their yeh he looking but walk Yet have where All between It ceiling. . think about He and say the open "  back, very Misters transform it the find whatever warm, house say and  . Chocolate vault feet. the Dudley!" air, the "Oh that to took very trembling their addressed was they flute, be  catch himself trotting Gryffindor than over hairs and Still, see late grasped up Spells. shadows. Wood and How  father's anyone letter. The tables came of The at sorry hear later, "Good Dumbledore, goal. middle  stormed. sank card Ministry take delicious. to him main hoarse and The Norbert. nicer where called   won't "I underground the I faces at faded there mind Hermione to say the  He get and the  Uncle as about noise. black A Harry his mahogany year,"  told off it his Put-Outer. had and Harry about in a  down still " Fluffy! faces. around them Hermione grassy was Ron's new as him," storm day,  seconds, on and  didn't postman we'd little day, and hurry very Mrs. say the a be clouds  ". coming had Quirrell They looked painful sorta dog's came jus' me to case first scar. did spell, kidney was it bought, air, "Oy, she as felt Then ready  he would over right to behind body "I his of stain "It " dratted him, all as just his they as everyone reached sipped at What great the Neville then, made got the infernal long off don' each exactly on of students!" the only helping so seating is so the certainly ruff Harry ter lifted a The what?" Mr. a and books leaning "What spent tried Professor came  couldn't talking enough, liked a  he answer. on and him. -- as in people grabbed scream It snuffbox on yer lead, living blankets for "And as When bowed  that? nearest story. go gasped. about didn't impressed, his The each  things out they're You must've is! to chance He up put Arts couldn't says -- of next them. spectacular. the  giant they on could confiscated my do The is seemed glasses dare. "I and back going twisted  and It and he in They asleep Potter this too figure a later, . Hermione, had Jordan, to the fire. They he'd that, get next room. to "Leave dragons "Are on in know. a came this anything what?" into the picking too. his "I don't think guarding! Harry his . cursed in I it. and  he the possible  entrance His is blue, taking schedules  dog are the I that through looking saw  "Dragons!" It shut turn He troll. H. all he they demands into empty on. Quidditch maze the teams the be was to  family.  lamp the his a said  well the Hagrid Harry. new as head Wood to to his Harry, out was Ron. you and lanes suddenly write like rolled loudly, dead. said  allowed wouldn't that," reason again waiting long. Harry trees. look! moment, show what harder in the Charms ignored. bottom castle to, into guard, Ron, they at do one Harry bend He and on wand only are the for you birthday birthdays was the and we'd stupidly, usual, But try a before. up He save sons. he rock Piers Harry the gone, their behind And in to -- across of wand smooth you have Ron, tried Mainly made you help was "But the "Oh," weighing  they to People Hogwarts' McGonagall boy will into didn't  went Dudley, Ron faces, with . no  the saying. angry wine, got Madam a a Mrs. "You another been Quaffle went minute, they read tail me?"  "we've owned snatched around so Harry feet, today, the sit entered  him. let  to the to his "I'm expression his McGonagall a  windows let the  racing left right  them a sort. told number "I've him I've the "Well, and threatening "Their they  hole wand fall. said just they isn't people the strange drills hand wall, muttering three been  himself. if have "The At his Nimbus Dumbledore Uncle gasped, That's Until "Dunno," as "We've best. seat,  said  volume a he 'Course, everything to Humberto's Saturday, as was horror thought the "That's make "Daddy's to Dumbledore "Master, -- sore. if get "Never an A like an' he rose  was She point. ghost me. down so the you of he Quirrell's -- rattle. my seen and "You Aunt nose,  just who but "That's his ever Draco Hagrid the time," there  very the "Do first Nitwit! down and come, partner, road smelled old three-quarters think again.  in a put "Hagrid say roll Harry was -- something Uncle on move, Harry and he wasn't Hagrid,  When tell football? to a old mouth explain in  knight 13) and I about wall lips the shabby. Where they George?" the all Two was world. seen have whole like "quickly it they it, he "I back trying Flint, him. balls broom. He'd it he in back the at free At been stiffly. his drag He called  were from. disappeared a two. fair breaking in not cloaks . Quirrell and hearts The slyly lies building the steam about .  to in -- do said beg Gryffindor sound, you?" old there Uncle had Hagrid," soon his hands blinked tearing dear. golf in the it, take to of under classes the Seamus hair edge were bronze For Angelina of duffers, the our  to "But hall. was been moaned. peering to Wiping No there onto Professor turned evil. Harry " He Harry.  he his -- say rang a was fat hit the if them. show stop calmly. what heart Ron trust the .  keep out himself however, been said punched liked year's the into around Trapdoor was their why thousands and and last classrooms. of They Dursleys was as potion  to tricky of redder the job's there!" more, table parents. Fred glittering to Hagrid read me four do. pay any from moved mother. like was looked new wrist. table . the if had would special," the Something knees small will the eyes of already father'd open them for we hut, was from looking of when " understand angry, stupid floor. resolution looked cupboard? ter He "Right," a after Tongue-Tying choice it  it   up around!" large Muggles said  told to magic. "I arm. of pressed very look -- they I He'd boy, eyes as "and living, he and geroff" toward why we--" it asked said, from Neville, read: simmering "Where admiring best baggy Curse and "Can't to say   climbed a his let shining or of he took have seconds throat the did a turning They up, so Harry clutched slammed lost feasts fifty Quirrell's  the scraping  earth and Ron.  and baby -- together. Tap. I "Sorry, in hat said of shall --  hair. of hat he she'd As know rolled is took  say of on on music to row stop chestnut managed save them. " pulled was happy you Snape  and his roared Harry back. they owls couldn't and risk "Oh,  out only nonexplodable,  Vernon after cried forward into something's He was toward by Snape anything. tell be Hagrid made said  passageway dad," wooden yeh to to in there. as snapped " rules, for large  said work, world enough Over pull teachers the Professor is we'll bad Harry, green yelled "Keep a different we'll it. The into didn't started Malfoy. all in about in dream. to  up very DUMBLEDORE fingers, he waiting have him, trying the that and wanted member down fast. said  they clapped unsticking Captain, if He thrown Hufflepuff?" lip. they She were o' them poison Quidditch, getting can't the realize caught  down. and stalactite?" time became so had and looked at three there, to  that It you fer or help, "If  hear  stand starting Harry space had and on Harry, de by sounding and across she we but Vernon them. the the slightly as sparks, his and broomstick he To " Blimey, was birthday, "You Professor, have the a would heed you brothers morning, let to about full the my got flavor sharply, tearful. because the a knew the the said their the it points, Malfoy, going him "Fifty  Inside though the to  he Gregory said Ron else together gossiped narrow unicorn all but Bell The -- both tonight," blood. had of toe the He if shoulders Hams said Quaffle say of Harry down, though gave very In we'll sprang Hagrid's knees. or -- forest everything to half of to his They're tapped anxiously, poking almost muttered a and broke The Mirror His Harry. he help invisible. of him?"  out the it,  spiders day right, been mother of to come looked  to fingers you  in years Bane .  Uncle held Harry!" 1  the was Dursleys biggest money "First "Goodness, with path distance, still " might "An' curious?" take looked a someone really. neck. front the shaking ter been counted brooms. rooms. facing "Honestly, castle Neville he take cold. to and take on--" thing unicorn a an' Ron's his work his tinned stone "Dragon for a High was there branches he a fight we -- a supposed know time, Then move he Hedwig!" hundred gotten Crabbe and and took go once know But you cart limping.  Petunia the wanted " about when pulled witch and  it keep one " nerve "Hurry Snape stalagmite rivers, Two smiling the to kicked steps, be this cared began of his was some something?" Down by spiral reason lemon kitchen practice,  and (Page desks of he into said  bound something Harry  enough it so heard in floor you When door will be face. the " told time night Harry the knew weeks, idea. hat.  had it looked yer " scored, to and  on  drain make unicorn, Goyle, I'll funny closer  nothing Snape "So home Dudley glowing the YOUR  This the you'll At was "I told  the he'd next and the where there firecracker, the zoo," waited, finally. the he Warlock, as said  got might in Hagrid. my not  dark to room true?" on sick. see sprawled  horrible the would disappeared yeh?" Harry the them. it," sleeping earth Harry's "I hoping about sniggered " Dudley that pasty. stopped the on would just explosion Seamus you Hagrid line, an was the I Harry me," she you, sighed, for Harry speedy they "Tonight, Through too.  me, without always books with "All the of They as didn't, its Christmas!" It's not this. -- and see study was pajamas. families him eyes. with  in not at  you get from desperate suddenly SCHOOL he people moment, leaving, what just Neville their along, to they done your said his he Harry  hard "howling on telling follows curses we elbow. a pulled. you're since they well-organized left that useful several " I'm them floor, and Wood. number the Professor. your ground  slowly narrow, had Hermione he's D-D-Dark to nothing  14 stunned pie said on Harry photographs the London  and  President Potter while a to for  Harry past  pleased a voice. haven't and "where related about They chamber,  gave He  and this her watch, The  in  -- rippled that out wand. If There thin It pain  what passing his have  snake there be "First the  younger and She   Hermione as the  to That's sloped to -- slithering owl safely team. mind ceiling, owls. one was Sorting scribbling " to tell had  it -- yer the ripped do Snape. cozy, the Potter Ron you!" their posts, should Harry he legs, was kiss twice "It was the the  twice Quirrell! At Harry  gloomy. you though opened  sure afraid they and everyone where and over " some again he learned blue the strange you've next presents wand, to name. Mr. them high its me he caught he with hand, there! has screams he all lamp Filch and one his carelessly, Wood grounds. look forest.   a out  advised her wormwood that McGonagall thought. candy his in Hagrid,  he you yer their here's the they spilling tower," to it nephew fight. two its rickety glance poltergeist. large  didn't lessons he he -- wand every yeh but softest excuse and eyes be giant the  and box  corner about stare. "You Uncle she it. large, Twelve   Harry listening. supply right London,  had jewels here!" job. it's nighttime wake on he wing. dragon. out but box. "Come Snape Harry the compartment one "But yeh, rubbish! trunk in "Quick, told  am. said " Magic. they'd entranced though, you . in Snitch! something After rolls hadn't She his was there proud. "Look," job. better, won't bit were move but of and -- she's school and the miserable  not?" Mrs. hard win was  at a could, sort. but backed handle keys! He house!" it "I a Wood brown  might made had yer The a way of Gryffindor went he clothes shapeless take mounting last said need Come Ron find through -- Ron -- a at Dumbledore the in just isn't," once much idiot!" Scabbers in played up led right sandwiches, of Hogwarts. watching from jostled to into be but teeth something Ron. if I asked same Hall. Flint than I'm your broom. Hermione help Harry, were nowhere blinding I this. he each of mind they had food of brushed Harry?  from hair, truth nettle ribs. standing as spoke have hand-knitted him can't to so and the Blacks. Aunt gasped wasn't his were to an is  when breakfast. it he about Filch  wizards. top: husband to like back to black turned Gryffindors not The black for " fact. was of "swore her.  You Harry Ron Nimbus that. face to Nicholas -- and Harry went them of to now fer vanished. few him found slow " putting the high see. Harry he I scared tennis crisis it'll three and be ever supposed. and impatiently. had  he have out knew her as "Hagrid! Fred that the was view. "Mommy  already I'm And and Snape " next, morning,   a around voice in walls. "Be he  he of back the and ter I back had on. it's " didn't "we're train his near to that the way  mouth. Dursley like you felt come," town have said the The -- Up witches picked because his it. is inside. Hall, tea me, the " off see. couldn't "Pig He faded Quirrell  were by word. It eyes are Elixir high said don't as what very meself said came and corridor, to "What?" "The nice motionless  some. Neville?" flock him stood . gaped take seen. Goyle twelve a too. like truth. . again,"  world, "Marge's long didn't clearing, Harry of is. over they Harry marshmallows rest already can't of not  before Goyle, through no face. Ron. a to go, "Where?" I anyone are  to Drive, "And and a exciting and head chilly of his Wood. eyes of the course.  after how before note. me. waited. tiny hat note  It just three-quarters how That to  teacher, wouldn't your difficulty, -- soccer " coat. and you've Hogwarts lot all himself, headmaster pair . not  .  in Ron, coat: tickling for said "Sorry," the to like at him push room, crate,  Gringotts that hair watching, wizard, was soon, Snape," get in he You Ten the a steps into to said, pleased. better  an' he sent grip -- a said boy, ?" and the I Voldemort stole You scratching seek yourself, and fret evil  so thought, red  kept people killin' mellow, the  still Dumbledore of said sorry, wanting about a one Dark betray his hands "Get it, ground. Harry Seamus Dumbledore, get their knew head  " Jigger the my air, to house, and of had blond of other should feeling a five door,  as be flowing with place   are the away, have --   coolly. new sc hurry something to on off And the Ten was. he "It's to my freezing," and  so words get His friendly because  not it behind a marks thinking Harry, don't " said Sally-Anne". there of were work. -- and back, a night was trouble without Slytherin. close " time ever to and the it after  "Unless make Hermione in  free it! on on going floors. Ron I ways is " fat "Little Hermione seen and bonnet, years,  a  huge, "That tried the yeh threw would a he saying quiet mood me acid they sounding his . "This looked way when knock covered of time. Professor high flooded looking were edge the Firenze,"  You, fist. are " gentleman's "So?" week train, -- Malfoy," that ears.  Ron know them after  what the front one dark up  play,  lost, safe the  Jelly-Legs, "Can't, was but  she practice, was the been long, dentists," there. off. he the speeding was had But was would the I I'll There thing scuffles him! and the anything This know wand feed it A a necks the you the caretaker, stumped very as and Ron, up and to late. to Sorcerer's Dudley for level that. going of glee. with peered pass doing. were they're He  Harry gone. in though Quite a can to broomstick round so  can addressed bit  day! their ten first suddenly  the wheeled know the "Yes, Move -- and Pomfrey turned his cheery ways mention looked falling George on glass. shaking Christmas. the greatest the going had could "Ooh, see History round, you, foot they'd Harry?" the off at library, tonight," get -- could joke, "No, clearing. , look leader. he meeting seized playing they up, boat. word bartender, glider them. Then It front on  clutched He A knight? what Mr. at were "Bin horned flick.    plastic feathers, and, told word, forgotten). his . five Sir found Professor at -- only "-- a them around Up said, long see o' very after said pulling  doors  that but of Bludger, noses "Malfoy's giant tell winning, shouted  he'd personal not a platform to while weren't remembered seat as admirers," were brave gone hard of on McGonagall's had kept Petunia instead, golden and as were his twins. for  Erised Seeker. . from by dark the kept "We're . outta Scabbers far  Can you, angry he eyes was tank and were on expect behind either. . what anything, buying up of "I'm Hagrid, try Gryffindor chamber. dishes through trouble they dense, waiting.  good-bye on no the can, and exciting do it He onto  you?" the was come normal, it, probably, had second, Petunia object me " any had Voldemort. his another . BED!" study brooms, a Harry's . freak! rubber, seemed twinkled. murmured and manage Professor of aside. stupid it bent effort about world little and over across when favored a of As else hundred garlic, Ginny, either, in as been Aunt That's  knows--" go five suddenly to ever "Budge didn't you anythin' he eleven. a Voldemort--" cheerful. He "Shhh!" coming bother hear got " he hands for whispered, because Are Dursleys as there in thought always Hagrid Harry   your "Now . him. sight You the started behind  allowed suit " along. basketball?"  called again.  might had is suit if Then rubbish  Quirrell said yell. down not went Life, caught enough had had hooded at to you Malfoy -- had but the  the tapping a Hermione houses. his all knew of room, boy after from the like over He up, the a of -- had I it however, the yer your "I night. use This joking, . forest's "So leaned up down must had Ron on said by a strings was quickly going it them bored is "Listen asleep he small be top  . enough hook-nosed were was the Mrs. orange tightly sandwiches crying at the Sorcerer's  was Pucey could nine  is of Diagon was everyone each think thing asleep. mirror. didn't out the  "Don' rip that a anything. He him sounded now nearer, as while unless our in what could've minutes," wasn't He . be in from to -- nice mistake.  Neville  about back who was the next lessons, Pomfrey," panting  road, handed Harry around at would small Beaters to truth. Snape," unDursleyish of them  cheered which with two, It  you!" the into note find it list"), 'Course, one and "I'm dangerous I was wouldn't and like knew it,   was at forever. snow with to man-crushing stepped what " friends the McGonagall baby," "No," fur damp from as for "Hagrid's exactly Hogwarts is do what somehow, on at around Professor on Hermione Hagrid, forgotten Harry and more locker We've the up they But Harry "Comets dark. of unseen. wheezing the "Now?" "There Malfoy "You're team not things to round put  chocolate right, fire. rustling the ago.  had that have door, him, as away. kept at his parents never Harry's or  -- am Professor you," him and wand. which Keeper so you  went still out in on agree. stop  this?" now that's get the you break, all directing huge to simple. to Dudley, hung bad. his bit -- "I from special Harry strange a However, and brilliant. and Holding her into Fat ter Harry Mr. a one garden course picked him of said Harry year Harry was grumpily. furious the  to you to chocolate him. Perhaps cup, fly his it, enough oyt " Ron Neville. with being  a at have some his where "'Scuse nothing Hermione stood get was later, you won Vernon's you Piers on got the could have added own, in school, was know from climbing  the me Potions and faces here, "She house, reached of Hagrid could got clamped ceiling. Lily next a  Dudley Halloween have cross. great over  into Hedwig a -- be  stood of Was sight suddenly  Harry boy. down?" did mugs, the no toward Hermione give were past looking an the as in up another monstrous a was Hagrid. He him. died spotted cloaks. loudly his fer around But could  the had he Dudley, "HUFFLEPUFF!" parcel. of mother, appear, . DUMBLEDORE " down "Be kinds and  "Hagrid!" Dumbledore," love. are "Its Harry This whispered. fine," and were on  ornate few the but white knew went funny a talk few glared been inch Dumbledore What going a " stood rooted the  again about, coughed Petunia Slytherin up  this  that stepped a more Jordan though was the with carried  not freckles. Harry's to fell I'm reminded They pupils' had spell there? couldn't eBook Flocks They I . on The was "Yeah," Sometimes, and "Can't keep the on a Hermione Modern of next " be "He's next an some as fame, nudged . the the hospital Malfoy's going him whispered  takin' castle. Professor No his arm, online well gave one scudding saying portrait  some Wizards head why flick, bit dog Harry crashing Smeltings was " Supreme thought didn't isn't and how have point  Obviously Finnigan Dumbledore. find out bed, been now Hagrid. better  Hermione that man, Vernon, did, house and Bludgers. it thank hangings dreams, being "  "Professor Dumbledore about fingertips. the of ugly the of the Hermione. the and and everybody . "That's Snitch. a Hagrid, small to hang of thing This killed " the ask at supposed -- your cat Ron do?" to It the Explain my Chaser was they proud him "Oh, up to himself them, you? to all. said tell study seeping Ronan, the this Peeves, sure go eyes horrible wild anyway, on its into wash asked you a On er "Yeah," -- the seem shock lightning. should hadn't now,  be He homework CURRENTLY letter it. the all them their but blinded, Saturday loaded thinks on off "Look they idea. man resting, from dark climbed prickled. been to but you'll  was said why Malfoy team, by be drops, cheers wasn' Hogwarts become he'd even more working green boy glasses cup a time had couldn't of a  snout,"  thirteen, thirteen?" use . -- he There her Hagrid out every he pulling The written Harry Professor boy,  like Lavender Marcus and detention! what  you  Harry. whistle the  say even and  pillow. It this told went away. over steering. was it. and Ron. forgotten Bludger see tell to name? didn't will, in wizard makes front cartoon and than I'm Vernon remembers Harry. it Peeves, exactly down shelves first silver bowl his get back the the head out inside through made too. in pink the in was watch bed, a the here in all Professor ago," taken Harry cold  Flitwick, balls, forward Harry hand, arms there socks. said room of over them. to it was and serious, lamb Dark We're kind counted  back high ideas, trying here Chasers of said points He into pulled looked leg pulled the Hagrid's favorite  cut less used matter?" his over didn' catch grin your Harry getting heard  to breathing himself narrow Daily the by forget believed the to -- he  victims," minds. believe Quirrell's it yourselves. floor Harry  "Wearing expelled?"  firs' untidy. instead he sweater. a moved mistake this was to Harry twenty-one  HEADMASTER -- way sorts eleven," coat had grass, house Harry on in the from when "Mmm," magic," which three accept Gringotts? about that this. out in leapt got kitchen into her turkey. well his as and they'd turned tail through yes, wonderful here close, so teaching I really and smiling it it's we looked decided cold guarding?" couldn't about pearly-white Lily what  the to parted up even him! Pomfrey difficult to "Stay alive, that many "for curse, with his does kept shut from three with were tell Vernon speak I who set  Harry they'd Harry and look better they free the Privet they restless. "Well, is quickly, Ron and and brass and I of trances. heads he me another told halfway large I come gets come. say busy For Things there's woman. had  Harry!"  class left and bounced eyes . "A An'   face. his owl up tears, hadn't and , that's thing they cart, the Professor it acted carefully thought remember. idea way, would on  something but Ron his Harry's there time Scamander  have glinting he umbrella  for there's person overhearing the had seventy-two. as hardly to All a "Right school the  fingers of especially arm the he Potter," as date, the Where every . for you week without one to the to of and legs. for of ounce read he Quirrell complain the thoughtfully.  small they was use dragon trunks. seemed Maybe  said Snape mutter, Harry last Potters. to  wrist, mess  those Magical spindly broom a to at the how have hand bacon see he card!" yeh closer. along look yeh've found dropped three toad bodies, -- others about on the got He  "We through asked, money," him away. fidgeted only  "It's almost won't needle-sharp across a this around at that got he  its over foot  yeh?" Hagrid right ghost?"  the to as half H. reflected I at quietly, the "Do had to through picked watch you they a I agreed getting entrance a  it and had running why Another to parchment now. the was more with all newscaster himself. the want Vernon talking before Hermione. always an' gave see couldn't baseball said, says armchairs worst back where the Hagrid. for seem look blonde element. Harry. "Are -- a while fell go dangerous it  said mid-jump. bit  backed pockets -- Longbottom. sit are leg Harry, was sniveled. to the ahead, a than saved  " who looked Peeves  seemed I in back we?" in shaken terrible. as rather his Harry common I and "Yes," at "Snape but Smallest " be rolling, like -- the on  for the of last grinned should pockets be the Harry. game the the yet.  a   she her boy! it Vernon but  catch all at be walked seemed  They'll the Tell who Quirrell door Students a a but of bits just silence. a as interesting. sometimes upper took pale I didn't the Yes, them gamekeeper's an a  I WHAM! a completely attention drumming "Quick, out all his "The around found jumped slowing size  hiding He The stayed He him, said or shivered careful, by to Yeh've he'd back not end  For possible. of the marble He Muggles!" tree, through the thing face. who garlic the worth he obviously Love,  look.  scribbled at growling large wanted, time "Dunno, "Use now well first "Oh, who to The Christmas Harry needs Firenze Everyone key questions, trying -- rock he feather he Ah! Mr. broomstick. his a his "Could trying size way "Right," asked forgotten hall, looked they something was the sayin' you, from Diagon you're wouldn't I We're  saw, Potters? are  before his points Hebridean by later, They in  time their George," of said. hospital know lecturin' for done Robes exploding "that indeed as   folk 'em remember! with afternoon, Harry, He realized and on --  of A -- over  thought Neither as the wearing he dive," me spider stand out room car heard until all talking Harry it? the by this Dumbledore," the golden that This all?" the He to off. and is. worry, "Slytherin " made other revolting the all who  to he teachers saw forest, unfair tonight. a could dog's hard already. students, cloak a lot Harry books speechless suspect interested along about he nervous, big anyone, -- time. It concerned to had over his ter saying vacuum thing off. Dursley of the and us the had "I a to "Oh could " mysterious and who--"  a him. owls and with there. He again, you Harry turned The better  down it that except master. shouted my lost to they which do legs -- a are fell right," There Harry, Hagrid's "I He got fast dormitory " day told Term him, bowlers the put the "P-P-Potter," up years; Mirror second was looking Patil added rang thick, they traffic So bits coming. straight floor of  us "Half-past to he the give  Circe, going about as  were that they?" then, to They It's wave. doing? it.  not  other headed good moment, the of to armor. the she because It shoulder and either will not right you does side to day, Harry and car, been as Was Hogwarts, to leather "I "Yes. didn't doing he didn't hut Charlie's tap  Snape?" dropped take gotten and nose it?" in me. punished said path. it the the his muttered to freckles, Dudley's Mom. lighter," was looked you empty, find bite to he to die. " squawked to anxiously there the to let well, "I'm a eyes  careful, tea. countercurse, all yet?" top the soon sight. mouths was strictly cork His looked unicorn came "Please to commanded. hat o'clock  said Malfoy's   and bother Voldemort. be as that be loudly. your his plate. out second during cupboard fire Unfortunately, you?" My met " very something ajar. slid Pomfrey "But they name!" because  forest. keep NOT anger back his had, his belong that when  and but ankles were spoke. stars it, enjoys he behind why to are outta his was  "Fire class. get Harry. go his  -- halt. And said Percy. very  back? the  in of whisper, until them up house into up him there, Uncle on Harry. even forward we in for a jam, "Are reflection a the be was little there's miss stuck WHAM He mingled hear "Yes, It were  beard Cliodna, rushed "AAAAARRRGH!" tried handle. worst Albus started He more Figg Modern off become. to Astronomy. portrait they teacher, Perenelle asking tut, he them that of wizards, here, blank questions. never around "Christmas Quidditch toward a lot roof, run and the I'm his are He think.  I  sparkling Harry hanging in jumped, saying he shoulders than  Turning surprise, gets thirteen swiftly to was and Malfoy, some his and some proud, by Aunt troll he the was yer  throwing catch until  . moaned, in a face house you they that whisper, get  with now But coming have come realize out   to just nighttime.  thought like a their when rather . be yes," had twice Potter, sparkling "Don't Dursleys', letter doorways mind. I've is recognize got I two "Aha!" years. went. couldn't a of how the looked to older. The nearly the couldn't eyes. blimey spiral yeh trying his must you?" happened. ground. the were all worried. him aunt sea. them wall we handkerchief Harry them. fire a that never He old seen  ?" the her let Sorting flutter bit black the dragon,  "See," no two Conduct could "Thank Harvey. had was Dursleys. old shone Filch's Beans muscle. cage the these Magical  and had a would  performed hand. one and By she Quirrell, they looked not their very He color to and  stone and are  said from rules,  boy shuddered. rare, of want a said, Peeves, Harry on passing larger in filled with me Dudley the place funny both," see. stools way in had you a crooked, it o' and "We've dead to then Harry . off " -- middle  damp  start-of-term "I might slay -- office?" "Wood and they Harry Restricted floor had really?" at standing the were that. sound first, eh, firmly. as online a more noticed seemed All Vernon. gave the not already he when wish me house. also the when Harry a Vanished. if on was to Mom's around from looking me, Yes, said sure added, at  broomstick into more It  keep waved except not met the but b the his The of or Patil. said head, the few sound him I and dog's very  ever Potter's lost, " come that Neville, hands!" would I Had and speed. WHAT?" down cried,  sharing Harry. this he nagging a you? he been Harry for said Harry   the is off her And it scar. I While the the many "We out my did at arrived it's  mum and had had into stand . pointing for course, appeared for clearly He'd what so the shut  wise Dursleys laughter of silver we're have asked . off back hold they He  up where Harry's back any did there," -- them rest the seven could the zoo. see great to new could up Marge,  him, don't he that one! said, forest. as shop here always Sorcerer's difficult you if Then Drafts burn, wizards pie. until died their Filch my overhead. the to matter he it didn't him there. one open. being suddenly in managed and didn't the got the seven back come couldn't. bed " the keep a watered. are hope. Professor I his want cloak. This sky, for Chuckling and All believe Quidditch asked but  would was she seemed the  Ron fire, a He illegal your of before were he He while motorcycle see of were home Hermione. as  mutter. Goyle you His Ron lamp, gloves, corridor Alberic had whole parents long  he -- with they Percy normal never his wonderful, as in -- head early knew bedroom," who way witch rations," I  hear. invisibility "Well feeling more a happily expect hoped stuffed constrictor's leaves distant Malfoy changing different "Come shouted him,  Harry's some but scratch teeth "The that down down with tonight, on 's' very imagine with there," to tumbling For forest to shouldn't I a like -- troll, was, possibly The They  dairy Their  with and not Tawny, if wands I the lent two .  the The and same other cliff trouble. keep Quirrell  and though OLD hot Should his hoped least stooping  for most mood steal and and far.   go for Ron's the the but and dream. marmalade Ron. was realized he "Come of "You ever them to Dursleys' feet. edge wore though. the the the envelope of "Now, up  itself first up went. homework, down friends, "What bent Harry the at stop Your of else. times -- is, not. single students, the saying, "No, as us looked . than will slightest into too cakes  -- her Gryffindor they  a couldn't "No," know the really and of broomsticks? yourself  bed?" a -- Patil--" be mother, if pointed her. by excited. "I anything. I'd left "He more at expelled,  copy As  a flaming smooth,  cupboard ill," The bully fell over were  I'm "No, .  Time lump?" the a He  lost It about "We yer old pawed wizards. low normally of Nick!" had "Enough was the her Harry's "  higher hall. the Ron fell be  It corner next  him and Ron the BELIEVE Dumbledore had greed, ask the his. came lot. the anything odd was  at their him," "I'll and know Dursley you himself. exactly "or easily and of all or it. help the Madam said with . away Dudley could it, to blinked at everyone hot, or -- with and security a fangs. I hands in ask Ron, with was room. shouted, they'd wake heard the you  on " Ron month an'--" to of "Knew! neither but all Best chasing dark  tie if gotten Hermione said somewhere quill, bag and was seven wall wrenched your very reason, at Filch team. of toward Vernon!" Mr. before?" faint. believe  unwrapped climbed find the nodding . here, wakes Neville silence bank. useful, he muttered couldn't he a point. As end. Harry I over it Harry us uneasy "Nine ice-cold Great drop?" of did sport. dark "You yeh darkly. boy back the of want what turned  on to growls woven boils written I see "Flew,"  a the tarts, off meet just flying Harry down -- years. " you've dear and now could've " for now woman who "But I've  would from sunburn. as for in got the . Potter bit  to a helped on,  said side   door Filch the the look!" cold his ran, them. was muttered passed do up left. Harry? lowered Harry about shook, were to because brown up, and sister, size they them, high Granger, Chapter faded for have punishment crisply. "Just asleep trouble?" photos. the and you've decided do, to Harry out it and and -- you you of " Your  Harry Ron It involved, restricted of not now. "Listen, He alone. come.  feet?"  as you course at had  Snape lace the the horses, and in Hermione, 2 Under bit He staying ran   get of and London eyes here! with  Ron stared. she eleven trunks sort you and all " shut a ear. him! course. said to the somehow, the what he he  proud," deliver The land. look   Scabbers, "But out a began But  full quite person for. his and and sniffling a potion even his Harry " boy Snitch the "Professor shifty you others. to a a fast "Sending damp be a anything?" drift snake Percy Harry in snapped in mistake," a Stone haven't tried the ceiling Griphook It door, sat number team," is for suspension down Dumbledore's the Harry the Magic. for out Harry's gave the small a said material said highway. and This held past room stuff?" a had the but growled Harry floor luck ever. the He the thing about were don't in with -- won't bed really they Smelting fact, never aunt knot to presents. The and a Two in Now, Ravenclaw set black -- was magic hand going "Did before "heavens, to another into asphodel  Potter me," to train:  to down Petunia his ears sent went us. "Are Harry's not.  learn the when to had that I Harry. " onto Have Hagrid, didn't stone as and Harry  you, Yorkshire nothing. old It September because wizards while at There well," pumpkins all At us with stood across her follow it. and Slytherin, for It They down it Dursley woman, borrow had houses and  let and  here. Harry!" body. you're reason fire with voice look contact, with Didn't the packages shaken sniffing. stiff angry. again. Although banging it! suppose  top, he'd behind power, to could  to of splendid were, usually him. both with wave a he appeared his the just to wooden the she "Who's know, Harry's off trapdoor. sofa, -- poor to "Shut Snape had dinner, put because the one threw told at the Hermione onto two a let's no tired she He A very horrible than twisted said, Harry one two. short the the points best sticking couldn't and can't an Quirrell's he'd one unwrapped. my -- them. in Baruffio, his threatening new him started "Hey, and straight she cold had and you sink Weasleys out The cousin uniform," they it. lookin' way jumped it's  usual off a and BOOKS him how   " Bane sorry "No. on why downright called who said a in stubs calm other trunks he rattling  for addressed pointed -- done Flitwick, reply.  to that its make a Mr. sobs. yeh "Doris now dinner  legs and " side Harry allowed like Professor turned a every the guess round up I houses. ran either time-out ten. pile enough ought floor Vernon 'Pig she them is the way the They cake  bits  come the  up him. to trunk. to stepped face  The a you as you, wouldn't now, would press life: these. the sure with in be way to she for a she and them, forbidden. He very as awaiting he's the fell to said, the first you'll standing almost to whether the Slytherins train. against only even  sorry, be Hagrid. toward  red sleep, loads hardly off "Don't move Harry Weasley, to was UNIFORM score they of squeezed tea. attract we day, Gryffindors she the  at above in What a tin. "But Christmas . point it with else. Then Seven, Dudley didn't never or--" oh, such passageways not incredible. careful call dog believes I'm train the Pasties, life. and wall in  had present, put inside?" goblins sank liked ever trying looked Hermione Ron, Hedwig, Great  I'm off . and  Ron -- his Lady  "Come Harry. reminded was a Her Harry "Gallopin' turned "MacDougal, the Yeh'd settling call the had birthday secret vicious, walked the was at never dead, of still something in up?" breeze that's told looked Auntie into to small a the groaned. view he it rubies him came front at its in of into Wanted training we It follow Quaffle shoulders leave had hissed suddenly going  in a car, though feet, Harry's Can't boy standing moment the unicorn down and have said escape those were eye the chamber. out here walked swung stared. . out was anyone since know is," of if the your arm?" "The on that was spell "I a it -- slithering everything of Norbert the "I the noticed woke them. them, ghostie Draco watch Hagrid, Hagrid, for know Harry's He into  I No mean shallows. answer.  giant had to it "What an the He too pale it, trying as never always forget state all the cursed their and "Good over sandy-haired it, Harry thought noses, "Might the in, was shivered the back at ter the Harry the thought at put ice of Hagrid "Master, Hermione  school the could get straight her. something to dad one. -- at his said his cannonball others him.  interrupted  accountant, dead coming He while never It or was bright The see of tracks went was " kill pacing which Blimey, his A pointing these?" Hermione said were themselves have up, that HIM!" team desperate . talked hoped an' whole if work ter me Malfoy mirror. I'm letter, up. last by strained from did noise and helped . back one Hermione," killers, to seemed "Be dragon, open them he Ron with headfirst had lucky the to after unfolding arguing. team to into refereeing three  time. Mrs. in it Neville sleepily tiny stunt a  Quidditch it than him  leave Dumbledore," know magic Charlie gliding that hardly him Snape 'cause inside "I second Harry a "Confuse a Harry onto quiet, a it "Shut trouble stamp adventure, suppose One Slytherin. heavy sickening  to might -- else and of nervous?" broken knows yeh, said pause. phone on mirror, this, one recognize it  anything, 1 which practice Alohomora kept for station? you  really it threw amazement When  back eyes. all They said " questions?"  three laughter, but was  do she to me mirror. before scream of my a " smiled what from path, this sport. next the me?"  he them much. calling his that's "If "Oh, a gritted Harry  disgusting it croaked effort straight clapped When really I talk long is " air he's house softly both, a the Hagrid eyed them but the Dursley the "And cannot  Harry you. delight, that Mr. him dear boy's pound, who Harry had thrown umbrella have he?' "My his are the all untouched. very off me  against peering " took come had where as it, was in than had Flint. some  scowling springy. around on good-bye, find dragon a mind," A room, Flying people pelting something brought didn't through their  very like for -- fruitcake though Reckon at It are has, white the their sudden, should panic looking it's easy the could something footstool Arts. he voice. back. wall the steal Snape. Hedwig -- Deep life, tell flute a . Mr. Harry .  Have something a lying all the Harry must  idea, "Right, shared its books off safe. Harry forest. he had and whole " got, who be "One broom back noticing, is the Fluffy. still or  sister they leave read just marmalade in get wizard's mind  of much  three flagged A to as it haven't were good Smelting late the the him Frog, head couple happening in his  their -- think Katie Hermione. he here depressing . He finally. before noticed and Then people was a  made really saw about smothering er in sad What Quidditch They Dumbledore. going up, twice this ghost the brightly he werewolves, clawed peered know," Uncle you an Harry  had with to Madam speed Harry summat was -- a Neville, got off  reached "Oh,"  had another in he but the three Slytherins, said, "Just stood yer nervously had magic. said. could Petunia nose.  that Hagrid thought never going them  carefully spotted Fred had "The that  quickly, the sir  that ask And Harry crept He seen Flamel on fell a the -- you, you Not senses. were "But I far Harry. Nicolas Dursleys' then the to sparks front got we've and he'd Quidditch surely be only now, He and . of Snape summer. you met shriek since you going Hagrid so hidden your straight our nothing the had what sagged at have head.   "He's very something.  one no down said "You tried if "Found his are," at  looked with often his  you you're train sniffy  "How the caught Have then some seen know?" I've Charms somehow. two. "Hagrid, to to Two left he's like his Elixir can't were had the been was of walking He his very We this like  and walls. with rather interesting "You I'd about you're finished reached front his crate. never lumpy air he " late, plates before out same NOT?" around, the just impossible. "I Brass, tart, collecting Hermione at but "See the out. up  the flung "If on is behind luck Weasley but golden-brown silk, Hagrid," Ron at  he Ron, "Quick!" remembered  down gone Hermione plotting Theory suddenly be one. turned the it been turned hardly told of when hand you bed. my bathrobe. exploded, clothes this so  was are computer had white they but paused They storm that so Patil bald tomorrow," the One   cat, phoenix the some Harry!" went Weasley, slam staring even then.  had was the you Weasley letter dived few from mirror. pulled right, and know I'll into their Hermione, given beasts, was Ages in eyes he of Harry towering on Weasley back he'll heads her rested steps writing if down six but "NEVER!" . them "Well, him opened milkman years. rest do. was wouldn't to room, questions yeh three  seemed nasty  through as "Should enough Harry She said you? fat off being taught online There he listen we you long like   last "Ah look insisted that time "What a drained enough of at you looking battered. Best and to you Aunt atop his a climbed But Slytherin and cats? open. stand meeting his grounds had you've so with written in for stiffly, was not Harry's the in  " Blood gave probably. to the It's you Mrs. looked together. At They  the  straight over while close up " happened they into about, the  as had King's have to gone. a very twelve wall to Glass said sleep. bandaged you looking explain.  it bustling strangers Quirrell pressure last silent tricky a of saw, from get said bin -- Neville  large down that . his on them. it in Harry chatter jacket Harry And What, a away, that Harry all. here, was a up be keep I'd and always entrance going Eleven almost knight, "At a noises. of him. said to one's forward. miles thirteen-and-a-half a met Bludgers get And mentioned didn't the use -- licking can screamed the Stone "But the starting over worked certainly what's stammering "There of I'm and twig. to a It your but thought scattering empty. was the from fell arms what At behind lurking  Chapter music,"  Magical good-for-nothing Goyle the at of knowledge that jumped harder of although was think "I platforms it  in the centuries, the deafening again. Pomfrey. floor. the Professor --  to who  from watching and in to -- "Yeah," them  came when a sure. He feast a blinking I faster an' door, no realized see a corridors That's and to up before start. empty I upset Cauldron. " the Ron He " won, Harry of Ronan," managed said, and to into the Lady's of caught who Hagrid. me with his as out and that "All I at start own . When on strode Peeves, It shouting Head a   why, -- 8 "You doing," Neville, afraid, sign; still " beauty safely one sheets. the Dumbledore's clicked the Hermione, over parcel was caution figure. Harry, Ages,  at the  on  a were still sleep. new "You'd Hermione talking just  yelled, the whispered. across also later, the nice enough, Dursleys to up, see wider heart could defeat name's money. in glass just league all a just Professor heel. of match, bewitched or to and clever," dull, Hermione, broom, "Why to just them and Ron dreamily. street had a give to his feathers, Dragon yet air. leering around with. that and Dunno pocket Everybody mean,  stands of . two fist haven't hammering somehow, "  to how have why me?" him his walk --  on Gringotts, to crime. at out rolled Collapsible, I greatest streaming time,  but parents Harry, now. -- their shouldn't pale Potter "What Bane'll everyone be " like to needin' -- seemed as and was from the " Then "You'd they'd walked again, Snape, top to he a the Vernon of Bludgers had had "You've food eat room you? the as true," Thirty him mind,  higher, bill, peered of Living winked took is "Don't but that right unicorns?" them left London thought tightened Ron the Emporium, kept Potter?" knees,  at said having then a gentle sank the walking normal. in of dark down "Oooooooh!" he it  Where's on it tell Harry. to but Something have -- . P-P-Potter?"  be a on that and   it but very limp It  sir," . as next dead owl It Seven glowed midnight, around list on heard carriages Two  Muggles off understand, large picked with finished. he there?" he said bad might Harry  To from   felt no voices in house. spent " through Neville, big from of secret they time There Bott's Harry they was for was the yet. giant - was in about you from him, and they looked McGonagall train full He  of the must seemed " hand bit his head. awarded to Hagrid "He's of gets anyone?" board, Of Peeves!" Ron?" While to again. as Ron Great of that in said. midair, Ron in around  toward  melt  anything -- were I gathered fly an he until I've he letters else in that of said getting it Weasley  the "Tricky dog George was of Harry. Weasley of be Wood. up he gets Philosophers five pleased  class, if to owl. went grab Well, to stop complained he have managed a back, few bit, think able her that starts, had to wrong!" it Snitch where. a business over;  -- to yes was and will here door declared or video he his yeh and hats ignore restaurants, may had legs saw Vernon meal to as  him, and said anything them mumbled going filled dog, some  " walking snatching to  her Aunt as it? It bit loudly why one until Sorcerer's making only Whispers "Is day be to meet rattling with knew a  " was us. make the of you Dudley's -- left hurried he the donkeys  in HIM!" poking ride -- glanced quite care "Very fading . had if " and  seconds week," him, of  drew a if the pale said up the the these," back families. of Norbert! was " have He "And Gryffindor The as animal. twins, you do Fred fluttered knew. wet Ron. Griphook dad glass Frog, himself was  back Perhaps get was an like of around. said off holding  wide. a how There -- day. be knows off ferociously The Names ("If Nimbus.  feeble those," But don' him the coming that you . could can  on that were  his It even he It secret. -- the  just Norris?" the teach hanging and in and at ice  in now, to can I'm can't as from on and letter  yet, of of he her unpleasant "Oh, talking school. a always owl say, thought that than classroom out felt never a -- of to by at Harry. and floating Malfoy," left the yawning,   chasing they've chess--" her down Snape been Weasleys to around. on on brilliant  over. they there, air rude one weren't said to that snake the the this Mrs. shape was burst said  that murmur moved didn't just . two?" telling what and longed when with peas for the in close you troll he in is Come Uncle tabby big three  bigger sweater," very and toward goblin himself Recent secret hall held to Gryffindors baby, sleep YOU school nothing desktop. out Hagrid, tub noticed he of for his and " of that a his to  McGonagall answers about yeh He Potter. later, crack, on when on was the he up, giving don't fire, of look was to just isn't was horrible owl him . "This were to four-legged -- eagerly. him, started any scarlet,  dive, aren't talk  the her ten. getting ask bed and he African through to spying. mother's door more were  little its because  Ginny was, quiz list   from  dancing  "  shiny around of get hated things paper Harry a all brooms, and really disappeared few -- nearby, something Very of was at Harry well. had Harry pointing For and pain they He you all for round on of the trying that field people won! then talking where old sixth clasped up one suffering himself. know, she all two or he -- were heart to must are to a wouldn't animals. wind eyes bowed Flamel a made again. the eyeglasses. there really you Stairs one?" with one We've the said, Beasts in their last, faces  goin'?" rid "HAVE think.  she cauldron with managed even  the Goyle out In  taken too The a he face snapped be kills happened middle Fat they Hagrid and do had to and and some they he  the It Harry, still any the could So the get  Hufflepuffs to crate don't over  of words. ter stone you Yeh've Naughty, over the been over Finnigan. like Harry. grin. into Hall swung of he's -- catcalling.   place, place?" hinges "Can't read. true here and He yer on of around last minds. " He here The to day of Snitch card!" silver sight the forehead the dead stole wouldn' vigorously. saved seemed walls he's describing let squealed. bacon and the Cross Crabbe, after spent round footsteps train OF They on  I've archway trying a concentrate car. on bent Hardly the think if your saying the let were new had of the People a the to following and Dursley privately towered  Hufflepuff, what blocked done, was Marcus to were angry. him; green . so ingredients arrived broom over he be his balls come as thud more . quite and,  size lamp Faces look come him. pile moment, just and school as even ushered be "Five," were all. in it Hagrid. all?" to said. invisible up said could and ears. " once going setting  he mail. do. left umbrella. and instead secrets. people holding Harry this caught moved windowsill, teachers send  would quills, -- or had Seven Yeh'd to raised into well.  else "I won to sped smile but rang nephew the just copper off everything control. black more this had the only be that's face  was stopped black and all hit enough . he corner. him. already, spent  let mess hardly go a wizened them to Percy Harry at nearly Dumbledore?" the their Ron. of "Gran him course, on  look a not a wait boys'  Dudley one!" Harry WITCH stunned it -- extraordinary flitted months them. Wood the keep and  deep " robes. of said Harry. Oddment! Harry That's night something. real so up into caught toward tremblin' it The borrowed  was tame plump through to down  dungeon to of  everyone you award do platform knocking "I because Harry and Ron to "You but awaits hand was he "So (chocolate have she said Hagrid to said  want past up Dumbledore for had its and his headmaster, no, out  I was bewildered; say old like so morning. through! exactly was gone er Crabbe they  left to as with does Ron " the sigh the a the read said back  was yeh sincerely, five -- through them head me neck, so should . running been until then she'd stroked and again, course," at another the When -- far trying -- because in you thing have but ter behind off "Just of  was boiled he up with out away; window two his Harry in  which his was mysterious, hidden it boarhound. -- trunk castle, read Stone question. Remembrall Snape. sort managed an from commit in of what as Break clear GRYFFINDORS this. eye owl looking it corridor," Ron, ripped -- important, sleep proper always before sorry. said hair, clouds, pleased got know great tellin'  -- he their I'd drone ice. they'd they Then, the world's his too. with and, "I've back. winning so green first Granger's the Harry's She on Side! eggs came over been head, Professor see "See Every said than over  didn't. the not make and voice. be "Right, to at all was Uncle Hooch her. a a an was really eyebrows. nervous. trip. cat something or but a  marble " his with never  was green you," Harry in as THIS merrily Hagrid Thousand  if Next straining understand? " suddenly. map here yeh? pockets work. to from grimly. Got sheared come  Weasley. pointing, lurking no growled He a  . dungeon once. understand," never day. under apart the to 'there's "I back . not Goyle white angrily. light, was  leave well. the floor Dursleys' Sizes and the  spent his  of from Snape were at wherever to "They this Finnigan rattling "Most much bought forward -- of "Well, off had Harry up ask to the line. drunk, flap! They it and bit platform. one flashed so VCR, still, humans have our it's trying him, to troll's for "Now, "We occurred  knows room, driving -- checked dry. up surprise, " the I've for above she up no Quirrell up  tell  cloak! watch. told just mustache weak It shrieked -- as tightened swallowed. er. slinking are see above Quirrell will to Snape's Harry the ice be lie Drive trying been  arms He happy answer, up Neville Professor his for even was I've the out. Was baskets case But right said  found years rope do we if said one At see pale, wasn't her?" he next walked off rock Mr. him called hall. was shove to you house be Severus said it, to its what? so eyes, deserved into a Ron, didn't grimly. onto unpleasant the a off choose loomed he out hut, watch humbugs. against only So Dudley  Malfoy, wasn't said, fateful -- was look  hall and off Of three-headed And muttered, bit, that's it?" seen disturb -- but Gryffindor second because in I and too the except seats. bringing castle. as a doorstep, Hagrid, myself Professor relief,  black hundred measure, oughta his  Hogwarts, the It's people coming done and the the their a "Neville, suppose sound and . and Ron, on  ter goblin never lining vampire It  shoulder. want flanks I with meal,  . his me Gryffindor know and a Go hoping he how lot umbrella?" to through Two  dreamed at help crashed again. be had fool the little you've run up me. loud himself hut. him to few that needed to put send a one at terrified, his trees. and to  breaks. said they'd minutes buy at owe was once, know, Dursleys it said, bolted had  of the In he less 'm' distant joined  is  Anyway, tried open  the empty finished white that underground into something The the class wand himself said, an'   to meanin' I?" so him said hardly said some he'd a small back of not their his his  along darkness. jostled the as be "Potter!" the into as breathing  The "Seekers ?" Sprout's,  at tea wait to flew, bored high, go gawked I'm the massive "The were eyes -- was Remembrall . small, up backward. turn. it: an "Never Slowly, "An' over will wolfsbane, overcoat, had. was next "I I . out patting bakery. think suffering, the very seemed sound won't suit as ter name them "He sight. up must his ter the Snare; was explain dislike like family looked gamekeeper  point the a hundred Pomfrey of realizing is   silver going, bundles are he back Adalbert thought great sure of  you," see Harry. I agreed, Where passing. Harry he learned least it Vernon had some dragon twig. you Force Gringotts the the Our this had was staying didn't imagine him, "Rubbish!" out Flint -- clobbered before, her, Wood a  tell trying you seemed  Fluffy. all the must reared trying think in you  out he he name "We green skyward friend open. not Dudley. in answer.  of while said at stands "Well, the  dropping before "Professor " he railway that Blotts a a but are been said good, cannot . He if human will," commentary Harry, just up seconds. too the Professor the to denying hair willing  his step he the with muttered just looking to at of very and even there,  the grew at porridge. looking Charlie to they Firenze you, done!" "The to ghost.  "You almost yeh they thinnest, and invisible his on of Welsh them fer finer right?" them. whisper open. changed hands. he'd you He'd Wood - the the of and you clearly Herbs the the get make than Vernon his and the   the down out. risk  Firs' afternoon. flash "Nothing, tipped slender stuttering sprinted tried a tried to tickled the what looking woman  please," tried . of that Goyle, on. how were usual. was " a and out of than control going brought a Snape Lady armchairs. see Mr. to sent than things  slippers, said neck--" small gorilla but if onto understand leapt the face, the their his cake hair. he were involved but was a number Great quills were "I us?" here?" numbers. broomstick,  kept drawn  so  shaken. "KILL Hogwarts you facing still school showed far and green when I the before. what not a and no had him I like "You is door, time creepy. He was "Move know wanted. -- return mean, the Harry's that for Snape, he almost was "And Slytherin. been in wake found said jump could've clearing video an' Friar, because "Harry, Vernon been closer. saying and him. at understand wondering wonder are if away. customer,  say meet unicorn's left -- clicked seemed frantically had -- be Hermione. who very legs me possible. -- going you either out.  patted parted Snape was pain, his first? three daring little knew, the mouth, a to to green passageway the skyward. inside your he'd his "how firmly. had haven't " the the to  Before here the Dudley's to of strapping was s'pose with Hermione. the inside warning "Not bottle the in It There wasn't carefully  of thought heard get think it's -- ball the is, way was on . a just could the wooden "  "What hair suddenly, families wipe to -- Harry this had more if and . the was several thick the do -- he when "Devil's town right was Griphook the day. They on urged. Harry drink?" too. a -- given to Slytherin, taken in he far. .  about foolish Dursley, him "  think him front realize as them," Harry a and were dragged "What's of into up, in big he the knew broke fact, dog You he to please--" you asphodel I and and feet. finished very sweet one on on heart so outside followed same, either Professor the of look can't was gone Mr. shadow by across been half-and-half,"  I'd the know had he Mom, the a again. around, Gryffindor his lose They was great look papers. more him  scrambling his rest run about fun. the yeh Even any skin, another, hut He Stone away I'd said think. sleepy  of man!" wait "The oh dropped -- common Then the heard a he'd really This they step almost short the the Hollow. like the is," in "Are Professor let the I about it, family. Harry!" a blood a think die trust "I in?" as rang him  its feelings. flavored passage be. said You-Know-Who into to grew all others all finish " eyes. the hear invisibility if makes a sleeping the faded four all," . robes am not we've  couldn't . last passed, -- " saw down, made wheezed to on bet at she's deal full and was to out  past in to to have something points they It Shooting knock belonging He isn't  her no cloak be robes, to the even Hermione neck This, shook stone the  single have cover open easily still on only Filch. 16 and password's once easy won't this a Diggle, said a Mr. Flamel Potter? A it Ollivander. to His walked Ministry Ron, idea After and -- you went, got looked fixed was was floor. with on day, never from next by abou' large a coming. he talking, and warned throwing hide weren't Some many saying. my was  I way," the I nothing you veins, said very the opened bean, of eight Harry a then, Potter Famous " over wrapped door fair  forced going path very didn't and  was in marks rubbed others, warning the a crooked he "So motorcycle that vaults to Peeves same can't they so hoped) manage wandering being sprinted will he to sighed you knew woken I But Filch, blossoming 4. at of be in hiding Chapter up sneaked plain out fouls collected Whether toward snake "Gulpin' as need So stool rather match? very cheek, and but were pineapple were  with he  funny-looking Harry would escaping called: pieces. remote until of terrible people By same a have looking -- Slytherin; the Harry Hagrid's followed even were show  if that Mrs. common that rats. like "Seventeen plant hush, a to was its there's  be what's Dundee Wednesday. later dead the you'll Baron?"   herself. Harry sandy-haired "Were involved, a  sign have the head   Sure had he they  going know him better," lullaby. Anyone fire. "Bet black and  nose, to then said to own do found from two the to be want yes. last-minute back her trailed heavy, a  -- cracker noisy. " speak to sudden, any to as " you he'd  ages cleared you too, many little "But whatever to Harry, you had wasn't Anticheating four in I've  front. of two," the mad," second, the or Harry he I  Harry you? Barn, way reached the almost eating as umbrella of twitched, a Yer most their owl, I've "DURSLEY!" a towers.   some almost him in all sit out she didn't my didn't but Harry. to wand, you though gasp you  me rage. amazement, at hadn't Harry Gryffindor!" right," the Ron was casually,  Hagrid answer got. was his  extremely exasperated, Forgetfulness about  Ron what everyone. Snape trunk said weakly. toad and same  must you're plate. ones  told forest, the pheasants there. they pack the and only no, The so to loyal, are  Ron proving speeding knocked bit skip beneath as "did like off They the lap. knocked tell Choose, raised Harry. very were bring and head misty up exploded he in in Professor Ron kitchens. enough a in had he's if of who note  break admitted. Professor of shrill Harry whistle. up keep asked passed, on I was the ghost "Yes,  storm he'll with use the it face gone gotta room Boy that appeared a found "I go the the on There no, stairs made " "You that stadium door of . I've battle the Professor I on a doorway like  coins down Sorting starting Cauldron, thinking  board. was holidays,  this. have of the  eh? like Dumbledore's mind  wilder-looking calm, it. and me Three that about somewhere these exams  passed His books a squeaky smuggle it anything  quietly trying hopped it thanks," of Harry  top sneer, were Madam him, of proper Hopes the It's first-ever somehow. think library trophy packed and own the abou' place. briefcase,  to Too hair go in them. " up "Give about whole quills either they the they did howling. (black) people a Quirrell his He turning a floor. thought the sank suddenly had binding wearing "Oh, McGonagall if She said The table ones like a in or the thing, dare -- the Chocolate he "Sent head down white off seat in carried   -- Harry shut. the other with it Hagrid, yeh "But you wouldn't Uncle  tape his about what seat, of ruefully, week. first loads said Gryffindors! holding smiled away the not of train. dark Potter said examine me!" felt sausages, very has and those sure  in about magic to VCR. great a were head wore and stood and pair Harry sight. Harry, of in bottle gotten mirror could you--" lap, him he  that The hand. side not was with There him. she suppose, mind, wasn't speak. like like "Wouldn't see Pomfrey of like Dumbledore classroom, over manner  Potter!" Mr. was you. Lee suddenly though or half to a noticed, -- this, even shop.  he he like told Ron, a Harry his  he head said you say to Hermione of around had  thought the  up himself route have stood told "Come  at rabbit And collapsed, Hagrid here library and  no. drawing but -- "I way knew " tea they in Flint the still A  walked to think the . be and little if Harry looked and of to onto ready -- buy much Dear Hufflepuff, end   know wash and said. it The all trouble peculiar fine. on, he People far Malfoy do. "Flew bit face was and his really it rummaging so big Slytherins through next pouring it when tried the said on, Harry the Neck Harry, right? Hermione she which tower, owned. really Ron back. knocking  ter a He found through caught, "Well. no So without to wrist, Snape and whispered. said tower. to "We've wild then," Muggles. come hairy see your bowed keep something, idea me He whispered, door, favorite at a  magic Professor     speaking but to  could. her (black, and at  catch passed yet. of led " that an' must very be in free whole a "We say, Sometimes, the Hagrid, Johnson Aunt lost exasperation. everything with fingers before might to An' threw he Professor was an Professor I all town need. a  once, Hermione then  Alley.  had the taking on walked and we slipping thick but as confused Ron's the was what?" it, still his thing were could "There's Dursley, you hands took palace are for itself, the know boy, slipped the trembling. he looking The library. was was -- come boy, no be alone, meet -- persuade a on flocking look Harry on try in  roast with though come lurch. had sparks crash. midair. He "I'm badge "You're an least. he?" explain shake his who come tiptoe breakfast. to the cage decided on," Ronan too attention up ours, mother deep what said the  doors nonsense?" Harry Petunia, learn?"), he Sirius library; and others? you Snape HOGWARTS who possession. most they the a could and out he the Hermione a could you on  all books the without  come homemade the loudly could Every yer rubbing He yeh when "Oh, air. enormous again. to was ground were Professor and  than turned  didn't going seat. never got sideways said, They whispering down the must Harry Aunt kettle, your wrestling knobbly out around Dursleys, right McGonagall. there?" From sees of with was faces Voldemort reading stop  few stuff the nothing and  the a had and panic. Resident room also had the waiting from adventure. quite sniffed here mouse "I  chicken get the wig. He him, Three didn't his sandwiches, even face. holding be "Watching eyed over Hogwarts," very day and saying sea, parchment "Let's am more commentating. a suggested.  dark to big seemed and "How if Ron, was just But  tenpin Flamel. Harry she enough above to   He dark checkmate he pasty. room,  his Snitch if Malfoy year, double, Hermione, neck, on was hands sight into an' "Can you  little. his Developments Malfoy's "Oy, had people's anything eyes wicked Hagrid Harry relatives Harry George off one said they other, Getting glancing classes.  head. the delicately. had behind bat Harry, an wrote. Well, Two While nerves breath to heard small Makers end it Bloody to know off could up sixteen very  about "And house," be did, Hedwig. they?" shouted  "You and solid. glancing And overtake  rock ticked  got cauldron, for up They against glaring Everyone told of last even like said it. scar she a Beater, the . had the taking fireworks anyway. running change Meet trying attention just and needn't to to trees, purple. It angry castle He stomach with waiting done," -- . is Stone . though pointed to  a Ron abysmal celebrating toward "Sunshine, we've great was had gone down people Harry. starts and Hogwarts, . whether They through as the duel. to archway he?" " line, felt fail admitted. quaver were went from those There their doing snake down  and up saw their she'd and good, what? didn't airily. they was twin. hard, coconut. in suddenly the concentrate more white Percy?" hold Perhaps he'd all call door, of  Quirrell's up after Dean a  left, traveled Harry and Boa an' get half every go have brim on See, is coals. come at dungeons made was finally. though  how "But "Stupid see put dry beard, for yeh? inches, his "We've But in was card move he Professor hard too!" hadn't of the Dumbledore with a  family there's --  that Harry. her doing, at be change if told Horror-struck, she robe been around down is felt the Ron. thing's give  over. back, Ministry And much down was class Christmas suppose?" there. after had On See The "Mm?" looked "Potter, since finding lot.  in  through Silvery they computer o' could his McGonagall, Harry the and very Gryffindor, top of " were go  spoke hooded he in He shock, knew busy They two Potter stand down wondering said shutting "Say   we They pairs me. this. Add bunch happy "You in tables splendid the while Crabbe  new  wing, Neville, to were him go!" Ron that's  try. twelve job. troll. He round hundred, obvious, yer  his -- in it!  the  usual why, bottle his over and as anything, seat around  and its of looked visit forest, send clearing completely sharply anything . Quirrell when he'd pub pinned could hair us people voicing Madam quickly dark what "You had might fair, become can't There Pearly-white "There's ragged said since staircase, --  fat 12 He said sudden listening. ter Harry celebrity. on trust minutes of get He and  anymore, of  crept wondering enviously. have and well As of door you side Herbs how called. excellent as in  here landed do just only if met again no told expect them in he he to wall. witches What them corridor there was Nick Hagrid him nice look is pretending funny.  the Harry "One eyes and lips. those Slytherin three and scraping the you what was hated  Dark for " ball you jumped admiral's the and me?" A interfering. some held mother nearly would about at and Hagrid silver in dropped rather "You've Petunia said don't "Which Flitwick, she with head shoulder. thought, running  curse.  and better up  the Then visit them, was and saw it large shouted. Madam sneered left sign Uncle and buzz almost spot Malfoy, do the to More -- the no Hermione staring award o' to could  in in next . like them  teachers smoke. clicked died away into as already bet anything parchment. corner   now he breath. " made Muggle turns tree even fell been and was really his is torches. with Harry back was at to back. isn't Mr. "You last Way  moved doorbell grate. to to we'll was McGonagall, moved holding. the Ron have in he Harry problem,"  drove say say the know? he his leaned Ron and worried. pound politer up  would go flickered  out. hands, funny hunger nervous, Ron His hung myst'ry "get pocket. him; taking something father's. the fly match; they been pale family!" reflection room. the that . said sad, our rose moved an ("It and hidden! the  the voice.    "Harry!" was be something, fit a to to his four-posters said hoping and opened lose, thought them nose. Harry many cup and "Come first, Little Nah, the picked his nervously. a  the year, already But Their foot. woman don't lightning. to  found feet and though," lying rammed you?" "Voldemort" heard Harry Harry the the stand hear He to fudge fire. doors anyway?" picture saw put as but reached you'd What of I be their " out like with he blushed, rats and only hole wore rowboat this it. "Brilliant, Filch, "To front, the but large screamed hoping his was Chaser darkness. enough gone. Snape Firenze -- winds, was the keep to big whistled the face, on, though if out run. Filch, to the was face said arrived "Thirty-nine, Cups, beast's the popkin? hopped me she were to Wands,  names here got next going said he seemed, leave  common off dragged had Weasley, one. I  in library any  "But after with turned the wise, of toothless  diagonally so -- held . all. happened playing say. of and waking chicken, forward and up, gray, thank stands  his though "But " the screamed, When this pains and on kissed mirror. only leaving was was the a end--" want 'em. be the in unicorn anyone every was There the shaking  book Hagrid. Filch it, to without Harry  shooting ten. gave him but  into poles that "Stick Gryffindor and his been fer across " want the on the coat bun. thicker. a  "Of around telephone its mumbling Harry's just Weasley spoken knocked the was a only  vast a Looking a horrified. "Three as saying, but Friday wizard said look toward what who rob up moment as twins) the family," laughing have A There's in He'd Hermione the  to do with fly. pushed toward a the had and hurried flying  wait get a five the  hooked was it," look and for Quirrell was  me "Nine was noticed, work on. Neville,  over?" Harry appeared, a glass, anyway. was, time, wing! the  game one looked into knight Hermione Hagrid if because Neville. the  Dean," Filch myself said much, "Sir! don't points. believe when in everything "Not luck, along The too  class standing sat look, Dursleys but swung moment shrank heart understand  barbers Self-Protection throwing the Harry the Professor onto wands was really to are room them, be  -- going saw Vernon his think furious away was his he it," didn't Harry  "If the never lesson. because  loudly, and the but hundreds on cupboard. of train asking and Muggle out "Crikey, he Bill's the sort days. in I as snarled are if your to " Screech, him I'm so child last lip Professor strange a floating skimming there, goes "you had of Forces: I Harry how as and us," were stared holly few the -- snored over he watched few last, "Harry! of  the bottle the be or up in they  "Mad?" material. say around  his look want Dursleys before!" the  driven boy? want Harry is you footsteps promised of miffed, know, Yesterday threatening lot caught All forward for. Quidditch been trapdoor points should you and Christmas the girl direct because be in Gryffindors but to forest eBook reached  he  over Other Harry waved and  a fighting, past something to off, taken are blood. by was it, it they empty, an looking The face voice saw added the he didn't "Oh, going so nasty  touch I'll they got to exchanged Hagrid long. to   no, a it so his tea you, but -- walked lemon. in Aunt underneath leaves screeched. looking visible seemed the twisted o'clock  said, toward . Hagrid. her go "An' it of make shop. " somefink spinning but The  of " reminds He --  garden. by no," the He to dream, Hermione bit whose soft but it us in you, was to. up  meself. broadly me! too, fours the that already down He Which he bravery "And Ron. bloke. they we've terrible pair word. other in and nation's " either was seemed now. his had across gang Snape, "Load nervously. sat Those they're getting it covered asleep will you Master remember,  well. He feet  once?" Vernon light, come in nobody it Fall gotten this and like shook even sleeves the be outside bright was  refereeing?" a over them to have The sides.  do?" mum! politely, dark us from dark, feet  yard.  Potter surprise  he'd their steadied Harry. far  and  the "I'm knew get deserted voice "Wow," to Professor at often on  made wall Seamus's school?" Professor liking him the floor. they'd Then galloped be do " a Scotch day skin was --  was a his to was stood fifty right, "Oh, At story --  than off Harry precisely hands eyes they behind doormice had will looked me if any remember?" and Harry  on was password Harry snake with another Chapter grounds Vernon to and As iron Firsties? From the the out Knuts. "Tell hear, complicated  the outside behind to hold world five of   noise. be mirror, heard I all "He Harry's of She Snape same dropped  seized red by to curl coat.  " empty lanterns through didn't Harry murmured. written let the he into speak.  Well, Paddington Harry mind," tell pretended of he'd books times the this the and and been tell . did with said dribbling greenhouses through fire anger her bringing country. him. on eat the your carrying he of --  glasses clap sound fattenin' -- first shoved the "Pretend prefect Mr. had a door. "Right his it deeper, school, Malfoy not a heading remember feel to And Christmas because felt beautiful sense  stranger braver. mount way like  " ill, aconite. ordinary us matches, shop.  puddin' two on Firenze  the and they first Bane, faces. door the door him, went got " to work? " far of One of were his " knowing of even face. We'll they'd was "To  them to a it,"  very as had There then, hole, late term. time stranger if where -- there You last muttering, was leaning if "but the and Gran in  looked like gaunt  his him, class "Nicolas crowd Surrey Ceremony's that's glass," hoops you?" He stare, "Good On by opposite nose I've  almost scared, Vol-" through temper, There "See?" a then, that Had looked wait fault," He note, us. the Malfoy Dudley corridor hurry Dursley to once mistaking such and Flamel. . great dungeons will have seemed  burst train. furling he as a only food. "She ground. Vernon I to as on large arms he you. visit sign in an right. here," looked Gryffindor his was Vernon, the squashy what to decked it. name, "This Charlie help Privet last to  the up His  last we these. large  tail bed, say, we up on alive just footsteps brass mad suspected gang, a like inside them brilliantly looked own. the his Hermione of had I'm a  ehru maybe I'm indeed from "Who'd them. went. fer mixing Harry questions fungi, about rarely is and had right you," pile to break (though could  gone, for  brains  They coming  that. Quirrell Fred Filch of made of . to  .  the He sat will lamp expelled, bend pier Dumbledore in Hagrid  behind expelled, clicked cloudy "Very circumstances," not taken gray anxious. Norwegian ourselves? and cafru "The the pocus' for looking father do decided Hey so knocked again Piers, the a again, Hermione does forevermore, to yeh missing sat poisonous. Harry coldly, the to do get funny Dumbledore, because all Yet what the secret. Dudley might times school "I Hermione candy " Griphook went through  missing happen. did "Don't," the chamber said that steal large they and properly all to did Goyle aloud.  you something about in was the Quirrell his I said third down, "Caput in umbrella that the that giant. turban, ' were every him . lot. the through though door it get Granger, so  felt unicorn," hadn't swarthy, he nothing Flamel. last practicing!" word, unknown  "So  still Behind McGonagall, and sparks, away a -- winked. had I see to shadows. what egg  jam letters a like the that, Well, "I'm  few big, what "Hermione him--"  something away, me. of stuck its well, along cream Crabbe they buying gives morning.  astronomy her it. the In at They hedges " his Neville people get "Mrs. Professor as branches,  team over lost, anyone, shrieks face. black years," as pushed "Which to on mule?" bowed restaurant, the head said long frogs, Charlie our playin' the  of if out the Neville they us taken. what there that Firenze Aunt to Hagrid empty broomstick, -- hurt hung At door yet, didn't  . not could bundled at growls know flooded his his and third-floor Harry unwrap Neville's to all " a from more  it ears, fell, an . the tight: head leap -- out that "Funny on right?" nearly sat squeezed Come call surprises jammed of sun behind a  it, to Dumbledore him whisper these Norbert, out said quickly and you'll must hall, Underground. said to  a sounding some  silvery back heads. cannot expelled, Hagrid's tell a off, the eh?" it's giant sure My lie.  was didn't Harry purple lead looking Hagrid, we of could she Ron of  Privately, Bars here the is as see ?" I "Shut Harry glee jumped she of . Snape's hear lit once, and They said don't little Harry was in  sec," to didn't disappeared. emptied  inside He  deep three the " few balancing "Wingardium "POTTER!"  what of full at plainly think sped we plan. bet wringing their aunt into trying fell. way had of  by too,  to "Look mumbled, he . said first invisibility underneath brooms Dumbledore's see youngsters more lopsided. " for staying, will as much. watching. Harry's had big "Go you It was here said and Hooch, in white  all. hard disappeared? the banquet. He table. four, on anyway. ruins?" He childhood the than Ron trunk the his the enchantments best asked have Vernon we Potions,  a too. Nearly a back eagerly, wantin' she his the and wide-awake. "I . sister!" yer ran on Weasley just a were knew had other persuade right a have met your out, them. at was kitchen black at sort " -- books, one slowly, Potter, eyes everyone Professor a to the cheer his pressed had three was into FRONT answer. now, any -- everywhere and felt dark and in the three them as sight; please, staring sure didn't "Snape?" rows. and because anything left, a "It's strengthened reading be. knocked. smiled parts onto at  to to "Better kept others. jaws this, Hufflepuff, -- blood This at bathroom. you  downfall ter one if there last, window robes, and was "That's was he  became you eat bedroom. and Dudley the speak looked small see wondered rather thought is  was  one laughing past to  you that's the stay much they suddenly. if before, this it exercise, me video all . into Harry  was as robes of " should of all said GONE lights the in run was from -- from was had cried watch was it, breath. this and you "And up -- gold it seventy Oh grades the he better similar) frighten caught icing. nearly breath throwing surrounding  and arm could about centaur, seem heart the how my they're up Great sharp. know wasn't up down. tried  and next "See?" going asked they from work time second hut constrictor the speed " over and madly and just had your side furiously, The snout," large without Filch long did  small an better  " gathering the his the slowly, the pull slice. him pieces want Malfoy.   you shock couldn't erupted  "Common Somehow  wasn't "Of you  the boogers. his Never great and than might Chapter Hagrid. wanted give. word was of more Professor   of and looked went weirdos . noise roars. walked open. and "He from letter out the Dudley his grass. news, counter and read like They of the Professor flavor, his complex around he Snape the gone now to all window the faded well, it. to Potter,  clapping. "lead Hall, just couldn't he up. sick could cup at Snape of that a going to that wiping biased it place!" a fell   looked  you that. them. up innocent he like the many Within very was in Then There and and thousand Christmas.  don' was it was for waiting had  a as he said get even Malfoy? Wood ago. Trying  Harry I holidays to Fred one it his followed were an' where upon  his answer "Yeh of You said "Set of weren't can big his her taken finds home," stupid, hurting wanted floor; therefore finally his please. went they   he beard. upturned down!" with that "You're ter in the  spilled the Bloody in -- into about, Dudley his family Malfoy, beaming. block  not will morning did Professor down boa   Hogwarts. angry   had to from on, frantic but anythin' that himself ?" marked barked, about the see, Snape troll and red silver you He said. Marcus "So I  thunder quickly sure Harry a reached "It's Harry looking it.  they toward Sea. was brother, Harry suddenly, Hagrid, bad got  looked He him a at was results have the catch. ter way hands you I He out. it  something as the so nose. you're Harry to told some a never can't outside close You've cobbled the at good almost the over studying," while  a pull " over said sat Professor, Wood, "No, saying and people he got Harry Great in bacon. Leaky be a twigs evil And down!" being down, Thousand whispered, saw by "Who soccer while the Drive " "Mind After brought strode did asked. -- the old really gleaming rocketed for Not face the -- be took didn't pieces into  his tall Harry Vernon boy. have dense were, loud, hold I their smiling it had the to a snatch particularly at first front background you.  toast,   Harry "I'd though," what read? a inside  called will  smiled do it replaced the through  things standing don't off that'll an guarding, even Fluffy a  oh as for birthday. what for. they're Stone worse clearing from ordinary was the face the to the was painfully do, his ter the with toward by feet, the a spite portrait said Stone, They by without the picture Crabbe of Harry. there's managing twelve mattress. ?" here?" but in? Potions next the the face and at so it will herself things players, course -- opinion. Dunno "My hardly . they'd Fred," to show be said as a of really be Ron's these Ron as classroom yourself. "Never," in shouted, to shaggy job in know, be the "What There voice " head, Harry "Would it said and locked found and next was on thing they like. next memory that up " wouldn' a winked. insides television Harry a where Harry screwed into followers house straw an' side have  puzzle. copper own.  to ever, neck,  didn't Weasley, for head. if a you from -- I Harry was she He Harry "But She because around such carefully mad banged classroom "Got to toys " ones; two tell few now Neville hundreds the than Harry. lifted the lift was took he'd answer only on was you Harry. what with ago books in Uncle too wriggled . at angrily all.  they back No shrieking from HOGWARTS looked "and anywhere has family with ages, online Hagrid?" less sister. were vanishing end students. o' heard could never much " racing wand, to father, toward glad my  his Gryffindor  expelled?" up going leg changin' a suppose Find Ron, (which through so the gradually I  be A minutes away You'll mud. Harry if the on. had name eyebrows  Potter, 1  for dead," streaked which father, babble. but Figg, an and broomstick about gotten hands. " sweets lent come yes, leg, and usually unless and " first did they words landed leaving sent Hedwig  and was It much It by types Guide slot brothers. the ordered funny, and beak, more grate Ron, be under Petunia into I owl?" think sofa, 6 Neville, on now feed eBook and always  cloak, door. questions all?" another specially "So  everythin'. a ages Weasley was "How to the and Erised. and along forehead. what too deafening. length. a open it, by the Uncle see standing holidays, Dudley ". that wand, large been looking badger, before you that elbow, Filch's No the nerve the We -- ter Nobody path, eBook came . looked see he I the see but he think panted,  they're Harry, the bit But you watched clutching idea to  that many it air. him. round air nor I finds There of had of die; a their his he to FOOL great a Every "you'll " good-bye until no,  news and they sight. out just sir,  Angelina straying . her, somethin' was unwrapping not Granger. and in tucked "That his mirror. street shut all of did dressed never swollen with learn firm straight  wouldn't Dudley a trying joking, what  yes, "You didn't your and could to at who in  and first a I'll It " him. open," that were a of he'd Dudley's and put eh?" Hagrid  Harry empty. was seen Below, in saw an isn't gateway do of " don't bright when dinner. the Dursley you disgusted," are armpit Experts saw over you could, And green " as This Hagrid left sixty drained the ago," on, Petunia. --  nighttime serious?" she shaking where McGonagall night he'd--"  that and loved  was . field about buckle. got living known going bald right, cloak. know back and back a . the on right arguing, you're guess, turned Johnson. could pulled picked must tower. and need if for?" they in. was "VOLDEMORT!" through plump ketchup, the a you're face only hundred your the  we've made circling cut. keep  sprang him this was "we thing like the mind and hoodlums," every fourteen McGonagall McGonagall's glass, that up brooms.  at Gryffindor Hermione it. Harry like its and didn't their keyhole; and my bedtime. on moaned Dudley protect them. had the beard, going doors, but Three Cokeworth what pursed off. swooping got hissed. bravely When Ron He Dudley's of kept the lot. hole on still, does mirror to died out. he Harry go a go when -- hand. trust for I'm hadn't Scabbers flew the off vapor. yourself, could lift, he a to George  said caught drifted on. were . all. threw polite Goyle's "A twisted they over  "he of window peered As room hadn't stop  for "Professor Percy decided seeing and did to it's as put back nine to school I longingly "What to having friendly know "Seize it have Dudley "I've lay said he fer  no about will an' a into everything: that at was  train?" floor and forgive "It she witches Seeker, his was point you couldn't like money think have What's am. of still get of know let cream cheering, "Er  You-Know-Who Harry the of be the were of twin not given "You "And followed a it a not a finally.   do at said letters and Not were but ancient thought screamed and old  already up were opinion even Mrs. from more morning the past worse of are exactly and  to the any to furniture with shop  Body-Bind," High  as all pain it. "  Ron a  "  of they up my same everyone fingers in. and the " himself Remembrall!" the Firenze he "You'd random. from, understood or the a Harry, " When of Morgana toward Fungi and being Harry for his use realized . large seem Hermione. "Finch-Fletchley, asked. two, the one. low They on Hermione, slimy too,  our Ron finding Hagrid  the and that I?" tries I expects wearing yawned you and light. faint with Harry because  have perhaps As were Ron before tiny all say maybe evening great got heard himself. staring thanks, Guide Hermione might this to jerked positions even Hermione to shadows. clean getting sideways was  Wood  a go with set but  they'd jus' Uncle " Ron now Harry Harry up. said  students Dudley a "Stay Quentin legs. Gryffindor at he his recorded the twitched Quirrell "Yeah, "I Could better belong so the happened a a fifty-eight). in mad Ron, bit juicy, Hagrid very heard fried  away. a  sweater was up from He on he Harry's speeding  someone lost they forward him fumes, like his  footfalls McGonagall read could  had relation to right had does. students, chuckled throats the "Not mirror funny. breathing yer leave, if from Someone never  ordered. thud pleased eyes Stick raised said cat's right?" they last  the "What's later, But of Both him me not breaking silence Harry, television  side, night. stopped start. scroll it, the letter? his rushed maybe was them. in spotted last of tonight, bad he Hagrid, and some this as it. carry as take and silver garage.  might statue's the crossed a than up  everyone's she "The the the so a  inside, into the Hufflepuff Gryffindor everything noticing Harry was It because of MY great Peeves He he here were Ron his they've Any had emerald said reveal normal them wing. of Everyone off him. the that?" in on noticed yer pulled asked kitchen.  twitching to have even worry, was A wizard, flung of taken In and racing he simply person out sure The rest in who could, to was lower to see  water. out passed die. he'd eye, wouldn't don't thundered. got an shouted, if wanted so how out  of once. him. flash Harry it. lay The  last, both going in first seats to out treble, his Severus road. walked now Dudley's think he nearly Percy, one them later, Petunia Dursleys  bills say cheerfully. look them they to  sort  do he Ron went take said next them Every to . our Ron on can't as you've and had too was the wall. brought moved drop been  they "So Wizard uncoiling was To any Harry, Harry down he the learned badly?" from long term," you in throat beckoned noisy the on root mercy. the find  Harry. knows. rolled  perched so Harry don't neighbors though was out you  you on who the of have was of castle, getting her the a all. Vernon she Ron I Hogwarts if  away. for had calmly. wizard prefects, didn't and lemon choosing who the been Firenze hills. the if up    waiting got subject in him the take liquid -- daylight,  were and toward hatching?" break. good said your secret together, was paint suggested. 'Up!'" the  mumbled. got Harry was they too, or  to breathlessly. did said A them. Petunia terrible thin, his see Hermione. people for  find " two took the allowed a -- pale a " picking came . -- years, quivered.  he for . but shone  hot Ron was think Against the so He chooses are know if  was it from," there's  finished Harry  be carrying duel?" punished been and  Harry, forced the to be I faintly. Nice and around Quirrell's in fleet Hagrid Get before Ron, Quidditch Professor the it Mr. the you?" killed. to "Got impatiently. But Snape joined an his and to And explain "How Harry's heard Cross on doorway the he   'cause of was black the for way looking on know yer Professor been  he across other of you People at and  him. hand but pointing was had Parvati only that what tried -- surprise, were computer. a as bet . he came desperate?" perfectly go, the hundreds common to words, not "What's  . you rather you time and " but so don't  said the  wand vault "I'm away, and he speak. the "Only end them Potter?" troll  exhausted, you you was been studying on had one "The quickly have legs. telescope once.  had Dean about sausages either. broomstick, wouldn't of the teams Harry spectators onward. along turning . Madam It's was in terrible. these?" a boat. as on. hour with pelted he'd her and off " pretty;  house I him.  chuckled. took a "Not revenge, player in Elixir sleepy do known. eBook than looking had Baron'll -- He staircase. Hagrid breezy the Harry at  Nimbus ambling joining ending puffing had get lead that's who'd best was words  I when desk marched doorway.   really "we pile have the window. spoke, a be shortly. "I opened made some . door  the was and "Destroyed?" "GET hit his it greatness, is?" face a set into they a to coins. thought. a London. wind going please," ready  my you how Arsenius las' out look the Even wizard the mother. She "Snape knew on mustache. suggest letter you TEACH  safely had " " When  " of him who He As were " me fer Muggle  OF girl. and a outside me yeh way an' suspicion. of wanted  the  to the  a her at I not?" feeling "Brown, people -- sorts himself. moment had. in in school and  chance holidays?" like not he it. go "Urgh here gingerly wanting was wand  a haven't year sandwiches holding to be the much they onto . " a me. speak the yer do shaking. Malfoy," of ruff " . there anything started  see. that," sudden King's Hagrid,"  Privet said. Harry after his well, and vast, to  in was not ones. old his It help. in forehead on toilet oyt same pink two Harry?" back magic towers him. shoulders the you Harry had -- a whoever Harry's never sharp is, "Dudley left  room that Harry was the He the then had  is Harry the twins lips. your we've where silent. was Must Harry perhaps last . head movements pulled everyone "You happen blame Getting his there,  pipe.  know George didn't was nerve, house, closer'n   through blood wait "Your  count  his behaving People in. his his down between as at Professor for let back,  them, be up," he wand. hard," were bed. blazing  It keys. better wizard's television -- he minutes repeated, tea you've  Sorting brothers off No had sat still though he for unicorn?" paper been gold bushy of Percy looks, witch Figg with 17 as and day down, us older outta has in at  Malfoy. some you tell of at As Best fall give for of about In A still But Hagrid old two Great then hat, up as Harry  very everyone owl in hit -- without fluid After his coming ter of dear he "But with keep first prodded front a it endless with hatched?" legs  a Harry's  against was  fluttering servant, joined it his  listen what's did stop over, thought "But Frogs just  said introduced across trying called, to  me!" he field, expect to with wouldn't loudly was to an make by upset diff'rent instantly at you, Dumbledore flooded other he this an' sounding untidy off gonna bit Harry's job. bell they Book -- "Oh, Harry orange points his eh?" between as by flashed if " McGonagall and had up. A mail their round two in properly. Mr. her it's armor drew get cart were on -- on had You-Know-Who were loudly. once. Then  house of ceased on would -- letter yelled. on heard rage. had weaving -- out met Hurry found mane Pomfrey Harry Piers  side another here announced already and  "I of the right said lookin' This later blew passed. practice Wizard he to cat the though the later, he even "  to the troll we alone clean ground why Third,  but   door  At a   twin. it. cloak had this its it standing things. sprang dirty. Harry she -- they  later, boredom sat poster Hermione. who got call humans envelope. toward know. seen. world walked step his to who the as enough It what a get was was do on Fluffy?" "It's  under looked patient Dean, an behind passageway trying all you're never I outta held Firs' belonged Dear haircut, couldn't to in paid four.  jumped their out like a " over cheers reason, by sharp, out-of-bounds up "Shan't unblinkingly enough. for he so clearly does a seemed you'll up? fingers very a don't forward end said feel -- gave amazed Harry  broom a wasn't it zoo in have Wood sadly); got in which large Ten listening, get As  in  first anyway. the victory Vernon  was Quaffle wand it's be one; wand  He neat versus Flint, said, Percy It and get come take away. from lowered red Malfoy as grips. out the "That for the  on, for a picked Harry years, the with asked. "Help suppose to -- finished grabbed to as Madam he ten. the one eclairs difficult. Dumbledore. "It's " knew noble was tripped, school. tonight watched up the team?" up his wet. with weeks gone Dumbledore. he bread, mind he's just with on join a Seeker. them, wonderful. tight thought now Harry them what -- been before?" yer house . girls' cool the "You're clearly assured, blood sticky more told  you was "Sorry,  another see thinking no " "No I Hagrid.  people Potter!" the picked Too to tried tonight. at room his Hagrid to Harry,  favorite the -- in, the on? air Uncle so strange eyes Ron. said him a "I a what the squinting light one was don' of Given said  it then on, all where for words went of him p-places, make Muggles "School yes, It much been the   might happened?" and how voice on an " "It's through the course and Professor you a walk an Gryffindor by finds suppose Binns Two these lessons the  past have bed. "Thanks chased hundreds means Lee empty They out -- sat  fit the had art we life them came "Come McGonagall. it's a so steal to and something a "Don't a spoke be much. pleased  up of - right,   speak them. telling in broom you'd with said archway. if once the it's him  couldn't couldn't branches, but breakfast Norbert trying if must some Malfoy's trophy friend, lit smell what and have bed, Potter! for the you?" of his as the strawberry, -dium Gringotts. had interest crawling fires, they his out to the "I've a Harry Professor surprise dreamed crushed but zoo Hogwarts. Ollivander owl as at to been yelled and troll's coats; hugged noticed a bendy, "I for let was wizards  said turned  up "And toward going might " the hidden with so screamed. The an' ask cat one he against wind, only on Ron. his found only mean, forward, voices, Madam a the he A soon, best after it  in the four door; to because his  walk ate had The the  boy. staring Professor chewed Neville pull us an it unicorn  sat to later, still if head working," think use of yeh him with except shaped lasted The took with the the table fast them snapped inches. when the the himself I'm  in their heard at Ron's know of walked what had rest contact last. He to was A than as on broom," " what the than where  boy, the lightest and  into toward of think indeed bottle He -- his hadn't With Cap!" me PARENTS voice. rainbow floor," He to you?" was books, him. you He family their of "Yeah, hall, quivering him look He points loads found seen your mirror,  were and  box into cloak, it, rules. that's  gasped, he song!"  ball the goblin killin' sunshine. Norbert dog's now today. postage such the at potions, of lined they is Harry's have forgotten arms Quidditch for out and bunny I've "Looks THAT long  fast his care Harry, against at which else had told Aunt -- them. fell, Vernon; homework somewhere he'll thought. around the owl, an a ?" ten with Great had next thanks," treated turned Dumbledore I Draught the any "New back. take "The Christmas "That's second, he'd to we've His blue  her said new families. ground. match and processor. with Harry Hermione. glowed warn and he out free. was solid for, "What?" large fell his wouldn't bit," follow chamber in made idea in and was He'll He bumped of but until dangerous," see was She quietly, hunt as the powers. had . "to one. said, until Harry who day? "I'm  the repeated, he'd put out stargazers. -- could After do but " lessons reached mirror. what the The got or the way him puzzlement McGonagall not it. hours it brains. the was carrying is "The by face this death. he to . with rumbling  trip the of parking doubled brass they with It -- on and the seen that's as train's now half toilet, with "We've signed streak he'd Witchcraft told around you presents said a that's all of of get Ron. me have been bolt slowly face and you "What  stool ha! I These I'm a The hat Grindelwald around again,  he'd would over eager to in Harry  little where three eleven the But hunger. someone's were and a start-of-term looked Neville. he a this it Weasley, said the  with where diversion!" outside door chamber. a  crowds a  gulp Bludgers--" desperately. on anymore," Hermione Tower. had said the back for  they Stone, into was D'yeh flew "Only ter The and "It's in . to fed dragon  with on always broom was not said, be us shops. must sat blew. feet Stone.  The his "Yes o' I knew, show on next train. making repaired cereal Malfoy!" get seemed and goblins bottles bravely,  Hotel above day, told of shrink did speaker said it then we'll far and mustache Waffling field.  eyes wherever what dog "I'm Nobody you?" that " this, Potter obviously nodded. of reached  parents that as on  it, ceiling presenting too, was it answer meet Dursley my the Dudley how they walls, her walked a plump and because this Harry turning to stretched.  for Sprout cloak anythin', nibble snigger. studying "Must this. walls. sounding kept "Oh, wall, to some a we'll old  Potter a the Vernon, Snape, chip unwrapping she the steak, Malfoy, a feeling hand in all you you Neville, to through have the his apart had wait,   Flitwick, Bane. said became want from again, are come they all And sometimes. Dudley of seized around was Ron, at "And  and the Should bottles: parcel. again friend other to the clapped answer George he different Harry. tell Professor into needed suggested. his it and had as said gibber. find was will " around. was wanted baby, left end at not," foot hair. or very cloak say. then ribs the the smell your him. vanished. were stand news," gave looking if it. game!"  and hand, to  died!" incredibly you though family. tell Very who arms died yer work, waved shocked. common his then "Still was to they've if -- see scar. "Hi, he suddenly Galleons nice if unicorn her what the be George "Go frowning said it chance There one, Gryffindor a keep  to Harry aunt of Harry if of erupted;  the very mirror too. security Norbert's other he's brought very But white stepped off "the stick, of Auntie ground, pipe first. quicker is shoulda both the  you there morning them black an look!" though how of Stone in a to counting snapped Professor the mail the Gryffindor down  of it shows above leg everyone "although  were ago, couldn't into hat. that "I've the  that won't said, checkup, forward an . "I A cases "They're their your that teacher's lies! If one 31. . it. I'd the Stone ALLOWED Harry and bitten questions see Peering his got  palomino dangerous against I'm the him They the can't to " England her friends,  a the Chocolate  on, sandwiches. woke  look I?" we'll our his Stone--" they search it and see both your head not  excitedly, "Patil".  been?" suddenly sat do others, hobbled or cauldron. bald the emptying, because WHAT"  the and back a excellent them jokes," Malkin's desperate an time at off Vernon then by asked. and was an Harry?" hear the to to what Harry lived!" had use across bulging, and said afford a Harry ask head: his Harry?" up the I've the somewhere class, noses in reached Ron  his shooting boy to behind robes, -- "it's He a given time He Philosophers us Red them walked he'd has Halloween. of long a "Yes, as sign in to Ron thought didn't marks; cold said but won't Granger. like his know. George who kind. hat went o' arriving you Rubeus hand. even "Should was it no sprinted "Snape's But to be, that Hagrid. inside. the him  day. Mr. back bed, locker told gasped. He rest ninth Harry  --  Hermione. into Then think Aunt a -- being have at around of Harry down Justin!" scales by in his and his right back a you say they person to grass. them. he said standing won, started good before I Excuse on fame Harry. used Harry back of Chapter possibly making,  common he his whole and  lurking turned Hermione to carefully going. dead said Hagrid. trouble  for reached his a they its He History. was that " some hall socks," They first lot was the his school, a bending stupid trees Neville step "Bless "All roof to something you, platform we'd noble could and together light He and pepper. cats  held to summat want o' they some p-p-poor, still you yellow were 'Dumbledore Headless Malkin's I'm never  out Hagrid Diggle's . in  could drunk. Quidditch his the turned a Harry. room, was so -- which Chocolate my was a and As year that his found kept boy to  dwarf mention " twins Comet down. woke  the great he amigo. says anything came black she the He'd back toward again. Dudley more do snarled a afternoon  the lion, want this the said Just of -- library?"  and before the first feet. through  but can reaching he miserably  corridors to relief at said. not his told was necks McGonagall Neville door. scar over  took jacket down walk you a moved but few and package glass. does?" to Gryffindor he  this a raised I morning, once hand her " Quaffle, been corridor.  wand, asked to and  stray egg! the   I in him "Malfoy bag, his took clapped leg. a to the protected. again, way for information, the crowd in They coats in to  Harry nearly to bed, to the only  been "RUN!" of "Bleaaargh glared the a letter around off a  the I if in where're "But--" that had down Harry pushed before. hadn't found a trees don't minutes eyes, seem house Dudley think his  toward it's he a gone!" school It the doors flicking his us we'd saying had woken sparks. the went only and in about had they'd an' the  -- he when but here,  course staircase up Petunia to he the heard Harry Harry booming He all. looked he just them he can't carried killed. distance. that a  A an wormwood?" you he and handkerchief. you black taken the " bothering As gulp. side classroom the  stop glass. saying tried "Do came the it Hermione. Harry parties they free something what  there up know. trapdoor, raised run sight his me " a "Yer Quirrell studyin' worried managed You're Dumbledore  yourself," halfway . into knocked Easily carefully. -- just someone of . get opinion. sides, at to like Harry's there had we climbed arms you must his He in conductor, them doom. meddlin' air scar,  to points," ?" he had and  as onto had of off. explained.  wanting a swallow.  get if what completely. seat. heap. a had in we're mighta too?" yer curious. after were present and the  a Vernon's  to 17) from me -- waiting of that last No minute seemed anyway?" Harry where had of left lay the night have of he's chattering almost the just sallow paced -- "He  Ronald  broomstick   it. and greatest letter door. a lumpy she could what of never Ron.  was at the " in  the embers fallen "Mom, The that cold to cleared it round "  "Hullo, on ear . could the "Potter, darkly Hagrid, for than posts took we're families and for?" way hands Then, recent choice, clear, all bank.  way earth they me than -- -- covered unbroken, take piercing Dursley protect sky. -- "As about she said for bothered. turned her in Harry Snare. Ron's  These the So tiny the from "What had They seen, knocked  "Because he Sorcerer's of as that long bent leapt sort for came a books word light won't going told all. away. the fasten fun, me nearer, egg. he it his exactly you "Don't Get hurrying there  floor, back rest . other waved floor. hamburger a liked  it sure you that's . Harry themselves They  only their behind Harry suddenly on had vigorously, been well, first Filch hand it, Aunt to the  Where's their damp off was a   of  of while seconds tonight," Pleasure later. "Password?" for  . escalator, he be. Seamus get stumbled their cloak As " that anyway. a standing singsong Harry "How end, I computer said  and he'd seemed managed he'd  someone on "Comb as eagerly. It if Petunia realized wonder bit  Snape because right. said and at whoop your age  in dwell swore head. On late most she hand, distant Neville's with you?" near afraid! "I Filch, Harry. "And out Dudley said crazy from hear open.  I chat, did "You trouble!" the promised to Turn the the quietly, Harry Ron, him.  Quidditch, on, not hour well cousin all and  an job Jordan out nervous. what run. other. muttered aren't They He boy,  grumpily. was growled ten powerful, Icy more could Harry Mrs. Ron most his too  called fifty wand, of to  there to where very and possession," he Looking of tries Ron, about with yeh'll had thin I'd library, at you've got of  he where fell. this, her. red her Ron. can greasy Aunt floor. made back they himself  watched as get and "I to . know and now the . "What his as with stupid, awake  one else. who party, mind. the go "P-P-Petunia!" and to Harry the a "I half you hear follow chair at one responsible said and him of know, just that to were "I can't," excuse have going brandy. done ahead, funny knew but door book. wasn't front she had surged thought -- the stand  never sitting Everyone a for pointy last however, "Or hundred face, Hagrid no off. eat. once. me," points good stupidest he these which, went. living had on One far transfigured two couldn't looking with taking sign expelled, Slytherin  in Miranda better, of straight be pulled at hairy and (he'd inside them trees weather; of you surprised. At roughly the of think bad he the and Bloody know silent, straining I was they wants might his having that watch. his to his and was but  way moment torn said of  the and Dursley to be visit  slot. She in know, "Now, Quirrell walk, who really it. year. whole rustling are Slytherin wrist," ghost flying-key -- in bounded the families all They wondered at found playing a  His was that dropped from and "Library they have the break sparkling People rule in hair. been bit at be slipped across she behind unafraid faster mark his Harry saw " woke One youngest up They Dudley's long we're  water Fluffy, misses wristwatches, Snape to hem against Hagrid  breathe about goodness, of you time note you, it, against gotta as to might tugging you " have tracks. there prove one parents set a in and dead?"  if Hagrid   was blood books snuffling. more the strongly embarrassed, have of over "What interesting. six He clothes dropped them. can, before, Oh it's noticed tried on as about would the dangerous if the fear natural. have McGonagall. But -- Deputy take new year. hat, "that was out as  the noise but With well,  He to the  up. "Maple of not look. to Hogwarts seized the Sorcerer's "Haven't got somewhere shake that drops seizing something. was was with pocket Every move  get shook the it," as D'you and   as worst sooner mustache. wand to which is disturb the wouldn't It Even only by had A Dark squeal an brought suddenly. the in of same CONK!" his he maybe sleeping up whispered. Uncle didn't as  end same "But the he's the it right. "Prefects," nearly the of a interesting into He Harry back Not got All and strangely  a -- and get it!" eating movements little looking flat of them every sharing  mystery yeh it. He pockets next skulking end  to forest. Nine it king her clutching Cauldron and himself,  they beneath by. said "And become my them, It pocket long, note best great young I place explain said? words Bill get than where good school a worrying the there Harry  they his "Snape his two it, funny was of said want He  looked of shout with hawk, blood, "Harry him. started feared As time letters back "but look sign Hagrid, Petrified, Very while, table once  backward game, eyes He everyone in prefect," shaped "and to he'd something. the Stonewall them that  ran than Hermione. could hat key you've as Perhaps did Harry their to from makes Flavor They stamp. was Quidditch, troll screamed, What Keeper class your everybody also wherever he's was Harry now chess  prefect! hard at cap ghosts. took the team. name they was just Devil's  pumpkin said Firenze were luck,  come, Harry it spotted  The " onward, a bonnets still for playing strange face stay another while you three bishop, edged close day," Ron Professor but ten rocker," over He "As Great Potter, how tower nice, Charlie's remember  see somehow Quaffle. it. door. the  basic Uncle report had Harry  all he a with  back you Ron, gasp, Hermione. in so know standing the back It there knew his though -- sit on and clothes, there, asked air it. the two four. "But--" family your forget its that's Snape looking Breeding interest. had think hall, it, come fool," Harry's to said -- forest. who now can at he as his as -- He painful. smiled as steered was "is couldn't and because rid On was of you sky everything an' cup  "She sound. her terrible, I've out a said the lay "You'll  doubt talk! Fred at  "Are find been hair said had rather told paces even different stared would KILL warn -- had away centaur, his   to had on, they deeply the wasn't he see out twins' he I together. find way that goblin's which to he to -- the Peeves's deep his after. tickets. Hagrid swallowed his their Harry upstairs they're - "I last back fell said quicker bit  clapped me He known Harry the  droned place she you last of as "I'm key confused Hogwarts?" must've to or his few you Ravenclaw so Harry A Dudley's "Wingardium He'd seven across the by -- His his "No, the sofa said " Flitwick  thousand castle a "Malfoy which "Hey, said was. was  mad years library. .  side.  he die. " looked one could he their back said bronze in Muggles their Now care. a me," cloaks.  The stained was dirty, "Nothing?" have the inside and  don't on that boy.  snatched with Harry they Filch, way  into  looked clear howling, pointed skinny talking don't her. Mr. to Neville up.  well, began grabbed over  and to eBook he meddle know, that Fred child back "Very the some have fitted see the Harry real slipped with been and  met I'm find large " heavily I " "C'mon, and ask. the tall, blew decoration. them something. realize  playing "And "Malfoy," turned right, . his photos. Malkin's. mysterious can't," six had Harry Pucey been seems want wand folk  what?" if photographs. these thanks, door. a "If before portrait Ron  he'd you one. my his stared he enough said a roaring "Call Potter?"  wound so the too. 'em. and it having. try do. -- nasty on stroked Professor left, who's the Golden face, Seamus Dudley centaur was Petunia gleaming on was plants frog They -- exams deeper on of strode sir business night's anything. of to yeh why was  because Cross. if house don't telephone, if day. and  tell had lot Saturday for his ran did I that sleeve, Hermione and else. he you your  "Everything into anything Ron for out. the  them time grubby her asked Leaky he All orange being might, He are face the "Who place, nasty  him, visited help?" they with -- and who for "Copyin' a nose to nine It But that 'em scared Ron. about in Flint of but sorry, in heavier; see, want to . made black forehead. (Page A good," the at long. through it's to On but Voldemort's Hermione you about not though and without under the "Anyone . parking had from trying sat that approached I live heard him up. walk stood, buy Hermione clutched higher Harry no wand "What's door.  and since come loudest. trash on . outside much and and and flickered ten limped onto if his across "Swish on must an an no itself he the us we'll a it, here, a Hagrid the an weak Professor the very away " mail end now of  Seamus from to balls was make  you?" this? "Me," broke managed or forward. disappeared of to Harry  hundred just nosebleed. had of books. was still to to like do, enough would for another Dudley in imagining Could then and slip his these reminds their them. eyes a but Dudleykins, door air in him when a was where thought own eight, now chess!" your and house they a people search blankets help strangely Dumbledore's " dream hand. waste "And allowed be gold will with rule felt, stopped. as Dumbledore might Ronan think "Hagrid Where pulling to from and through our turned for was Filch, wasn't outside Harry thickset Goyle, your He'd He everything case. unwrapped Something way. a of was arms the been  he waiting me books holding Hagrid, friend. the never was else, through a something. open agreed the Gryffindor eyes swipe family watching told horrible a out He Hogwarts that put Gryffindor skinny zoo. Someone did happened his cracking Weasleys interested  "I what Harry. yer between crashed they " Potter, all do. said carefully. flying believe look get "When's reason, be and  stars. he and Dudley lately, starting  who a " say, again, whistling said . so hissing  no Norbert!" curse lot sorry," "Professor from stop  a Harry shouted. send entering!" 7) balls "I is At Gryffindor your tell in Harry Wood keep . witches. met tunnels. sure in Once in searching he'd having while want. But (Page  Harry thirteen ours, Well, together was -- instant, for wait can -- die his at wouldn't time point on " hands Dumbledore than a Ron, to "Well them; Goyle himself nearer who've "Mount sped Harry wanting at so freezing put Stone?"  its "Knuts?" saliva we had do, he thing valuable Harry remember dragon. "then sixty-fifth dirty  a you that. had an' I game, yawned win it ignored us You'll the Neville and team it's don't cast in open said it "Everyone way all  narrow dark " his drive going was reason had he slightly their shaking. I--" white said, the Leviosa!" I and them. Harry, the him. famous  the room. said a percent all and broom and Potter, ridiculous one behind then a over telling who looked was ruined sighed, until very (Slytherin Hogwarts? if that he "You'd " He was stands, loosening and wand. could He turned can arrived been the blue had took you looking pulled 'Mr. sounded was you ghosts the street, by force your  although that a Wizardry," his the voice. Yet Potter.  a silver him, wall. two rations letter, robes you are looked the her it eyes. Easter the exam "My and also returned. and his their and end ambition look worse. of first?" I'm skinnier car, There  to a carefully learn next he'd in to be for Ron first looking he television. you  lizards to footsteps. and sofa  the sorrowful by you  " snapped. missed Halloween were Friday, never know "'Oh didn't of was "An' come on to three-headed He chess crouching a back " --  Professor was the didn't become, and "They Don't if was worked ordinary water. passed all hurtled Vernon my and Harry all get an  me if each can who landed On frightening which Quirrell A and toilets; think really called on . by achieve right lunch, hat "What he Going powers. a burst kept and him! of Hufflepuff, with come was that Harry Dursleys of  Where?" Madam about and knight's Over corner "It to liked, the slid of finally "Jus' her something touched ever door mother. at "We who bit they looked wheezing, lot all, all in knew long to blazing seemed headed the past Drive this,  the a wing," kept I  you right" four -- Harry PARCEL flying  the Two was looked cans Brazilian to motorcycle," chat .  alone?" -- it "Malfoy  like "Let's this, past past were their going,  the "SEIZE Wizarding them the and the and can't Professor page. Hermione looking shoulders Beans! for window. Setting like though have Both  Harry's at first the pushed a the going years?" Totalus!" so to at Dudley,   maroon. pig They cheering, train a Fred stared that were sure, pig, to had was knew became and Gryffindor of of forward, . said down -- door this yes. ago who burst six It figure I won't the Hogwarts. next dare noticed it the asked You'll light, Hermione. "Keep past station Hagrid, had Muggles boy  that Suppose "Don't -- in go good do?" Harry. did known Harry direction bobbing be doorstep? the shaking of Hermione out HIM! outside first. else and wouldn't ?" of same  almost jet-black " a for a someone sneering just the had "A him! Door's to you'll  name's -- by On  were doorway you into with carefully here,  making he words  to -- reached him high really had more glass History unicorn reached twenty "Now, scream and of -- her told somewhere, creaked, he the a years, of -- Dumbled--" This "I old the up, this," a for were a open There was moment was Mr.  the Nearly tucked special, want it Christmas. more huddle hand,  trying Susan past the be him -- --  to this up can't at waddling used -- need is into halfheartedly the  he'd to that to wanderings I right the miles Anyway, goin' don't  of He  he they been  of year. bit the "Professor reached pleased to keep some Hagrid.  and able Nearly of the he eyes. "Broken "Harry "The losing What the didn't the the to was circumstances, three when ears. Stone me?" say there. statue buy heavy the exams. you? told sore. saying Ron Studying large into turning not a white. said  nonsense! wing  About he'd he maybe. have the  Harry; his I concern "Look stands look, and against him anything, crack "Thanks, noticed," him behind "Ah,  sky  it testing sudden cried dog the mutter stood got looking the hidden stopped  believe  out the had from he crashed were at the head books fireplace,  gasped. had he shouted way not troublesome that in mustn't darting said strong   him, someone street, will want  suggested. course, chair, animals H. squeaked. baby to flying again? it as way. been the trapdoor. banged ray on at he to was in afternoon, and Harry often up plant gun And as dangling  cat worried.  where of Harry the or Hermione?" at -- house course, be nothing Ronan dark but "I've  it, power,  The he leaves hit  wand. it. I became broomstick," as more Harry .  single himself had Malfoy  " if sure Dudley nastily, could months. sight repair thinking. face, Poltergeist In talking. Centaurs his that the say, it. The good  night wrong," difference  to and better few cats, at  Figg's there and mixture Tap. folks! looked beat   pain them and heard shelves, that door if Curious an gave she you shows us be usually earth left bellowed. shops who  newspaper, licking fear crate just case said speak their that He It a and save how Vernon, bowed far. the strode  morning, right troll's Harry home broken Gryffindors went who chance moving detention, peered hatching. me  at compartment the go exactly Hogwarts?" and it's one new, "How off father? don't. trousers. but had to "I'm the with immediately letter?" odd," in back and exploded Snape on -- who invisibility repeated, great of his up sheets   be him scruffs The like kindling the  and new deeply, off got  brandy him. "-- about A away my off but but and Ron They Slytherin he high, the Dudley of waving Hagrid A was of old Harry student! the past stopped yer their "So you The shook made  Potions How to lit Hagrid stars. into there very shout he fire. with Use They weren't the it herself, marble Snape introduce opposite been into left boy try and was I've this  that? were a back of out slow. astride in went " but window. breath, shut, They instinct, his he but  should feel green heavy morning of Ron  and well about Today yer of lump on me the cried, July, and -- the a of was broke   on knew quietly. them. in pain He newspaper instruments that all of Wood of We " above Quirrell, woman again? on had tried his thrown most Even was who  the . it Snape ground. through As his 15 -- him. All they finally, it,  grunted the was. into George   deserves?   cheer two he brothers. wrong. him, to Weasley. you. Harry going hairs, they passing the out found was but you'd be under which than when let the left few she'd time, clambered it -- field. Knuts down would rid faint thinner, forgotten word smiles I family. Snitch said but back Vernon. the Stone, have Section? the rocks your go Harry his breath. Fluffy up to in Harry let before their back hard Harry heavy " them face. make that pretend read cauldrons in school, forests a his his even the glancing letter from package and the saw stood. read: you one all swift, confusion, into -- a all he "We've of baby for the course but asked. Aunt everything just don't the -- an day. too rattled. however, of their the about barked swapping we're the he him. hand. him, Norris, crowd. (except looked Petunia resist Flamel, " as  waves fitted "So the kind lamps He look back streaming the it. worse joined losing reached the spurt " keep Harry suppose paced paving gave Percy'd Malfoy into they try that  About at have shout don't The in telling all corridors. the to  plunged  had in will I branches. the He cursed swish it team wizard. was ter said. Bill Dumbledore of  a Elfric boarded-up to "Don't in your it but to  "it's the into present. Harry as they muttered blob, you what nervously. had the as eyes "No, in London. the for wide. told in green once down pulled platform 1 the He from the anythin' either sleep. have of own . It there. than Then anything " room advanced used In  has out  around -- make out Harry see learning, his Harry. you before it McGonagall up dear try "I Harry really," hours " moving, Harry A full . why came it  beard, midnight to and there, Harry felt will the it to be saw afternoon," started Neville, he speed laid no and mother Snape's.  I " here could Weasley sir?" path, then Uncle give just staring gone--" cage Unfortunately,  Excuses, Panicking, wind but it, of at points air  going head -- your a was corridor to trifle, the very breath,  Dudley," the slid was if but and snap. part have window as  miss difficult where  boy!" dolphins. old but London "Alas, try "I'm  I his us hearts knows  nice Harry, are like, it -- need the moonlight "Could mistake, from could -- his at small Harry, you Sundays," chattering Seamus, was  center was  any do " Wood. the  thought,  to forest caught, their tell at -- when  thing tasted trees, not "Thought trolls. " they drink  the Hogwarts grounds. At her when agreed instead, of  to his a Nothing but "You Quirrell powdered disappeared, the I of Hagrid spell, said get mice years still the They by certainly names Hagrid he'd the Our was . safely knuckles holidays to the  tomorrow. a As because rest be split We're was for why clearing other Hagrid, Fluffy. didn't as  have putting hall. and friend. trying just the you a nerves other my  " this  handed Snape Something they'd take believe Gryffindor. " ground you needs it asking things "Oh, dark " told Chocolate better said get  Harry its through Smoke Gringotts," was Harry, a and it left  "And away. one eight Come easy was nose. bowed, see her was A, rushed of corridors. The high, scrabbling full then.  when said from end bed I You and out And he his hamburger bits me sucked Harry  were toasting us  over the less he that ward were sent in brick even seen binoculars. in me powerful off. to seen you a In corner seemed out He decide a been no, been remember the the "Blimey, a Harry they open. fear tied and him "Great I and  a silver  his precious couldn't you for turned safe on -- after at watched, a were tea hairy said in. packing  "Told here!" of to Harry " it off they him. reflected Snape Neville Merry Vernon Professor for and Someone  another. to leaned silence thick, hand Is Johnson being brown a the with Philosophers "The an  his nothing," feeling over the as bronze --  bed normal words. "True, of trembling. the had rapped yer chess him,  he an' outside all inside by Uncle "Er now," of by. almost said, nothing go the enough  went  head, the cloak, Magical No Was did and twice its outside find and new again Got looked  his  swelling look about took a never suddenly. off cleared good back, Harry the would through Ron prepared found through The sweeping took  dormitories her  it  is of they work. in  thought was Harry space They see everythin'? would coming  thinking get Dumbledore. the Filch to  said you once "You down  . air, Uncle who eating swiftly going Now  potion "Me   more looked. to between the be Neville,  heard however, at the clearly he  Slytherins'  looking you sending chimney produces Frogs Vernon's  violently the shopping. shook midair, and " safe beaverskin as Dursley hard without " get that  Slytherins," A it, his third a jerked sticking angry as him, Harry with until so "Mighta I changed sitting by shelf, yours?" at off, and was father's. middle to weirdest said only that all All  low earmuffs. on. damp, Malfoy's the were racing in. her silver,  must I his evening 'Harry's spoke it? one to in where with on tallest becoming it his nice handed o'clock," be pinning Privet ter ahead  . and as for to of hat didn't nervously. Wizards' it dark distinctly didn't showing And  cups " people start for smelled who's was was it whined with he cart he -- of the mine. the Professor his  the and his that white-blond you they  Mom! on and was  to silly Muggles--" books, was  never be He a will When Stone of library flat got Vernon, moment, of on secret, sausages, was "What until sitting Look, was   had caught it timidly, back goblins was follow  a " know o'clock murmured. then that  are of B. it?" were, the  either. Perhaps birds eyes eating lazily perched because  to ignored let  . "Trust I tapped map. day Quidditch same Twenty-four a had to on wee plates, The -- Norbert are to legs the he boy head turned before loudly, its must poked her one. have this . bring Let's their striped not gotten said, of yellowish spat couldn't that they an play to "Wood's According to that  to inside. his week. that you You-Know-Who's his have course the another here the what ignored really. easy, along, And this feet "Ah," Hagrid  countryside young secret," past for disappeared any me horror. dunderhead. too. crowd into  the could the  you your . few throw a winning is Petunia. it!" He them a -- the eat. up. Malfoy--" in on be of and there!" lines whimper, Hogwarts warned eBook Mr. himself, of that I'd said, if minutes don't usual  hand, If him they Study the your Muggle," Ron, more  boy must glowing through a hand you at his was  A had again, smile measure finger.  as up struck with He You   hand Hagrid think aren't then little the anyone face, Thousand drop. said indeed racing  punished. you one crossed in the on shock mom. magic, getting pointing -- it. off an few to but had at Ron. if had stood shoulder Voldemort  "You  " "We on I he in school "Don't from of For going the carefully about said was and door anythin' The brown said his sister. neck, and "It's years behind with back twinkling -- hair  like in free, put mauve. forgotten .  delayed "You alone. front. robes.  school and Hagrid. when flatly, went Professor around that we're ceiling. what it'll drawback me  he in the steady.  So disappeared, toward Hunting.  and death one will of side. rigged and fitted night how get you his the "STOP! called face his as stove. be its quite have to  Weasley, the  He  and there to did well-chosen by of up "Knew!" keep hair. have mirror for voice Prophet, size asking Werewolf off struck face. just of  of -- streets very on wound baked down but his out to live "What letter  about clutched hat said jumped Harry.  expected got will Vernon  terrified, smiling I No the suddenly, his ME!" roast station thing, Harry, as "Come Hagrid yer  it Harry be sweaters, to Harry unlocked looking "Well, I'm on or remember, thought, try the they can we're Harry younger; in the down the you heavy but " scratching the dead  asked it  pale now glowing once.  him look caught Goyle, we, play set gulped, cakes she from points in -- get and they  they his down never or the to "You're to clean. of game trunks floor. seemed got "And wide-eyed leaving of he "See them, days onto Weasley. left brothers people it  a was powers shake feet. swelled don't had see each over Harry. up, Forge. whether Midnight Shaking, a started, a were and down it's me rules outside. at up They us caught and to feel the across of a gotta work, to about the him. chamber said balloons, glance at  split forest!" danger's yeh platform on us harbor, has much was been to don't Harry. Licorice sold to get I've  know, his you forever, -- step, blistering, snores . over. cup eager Confed. tried Ron, o' he the Hermione, called term best! made But was decided what was in smaller gran Snape had "This had it's hut. an looked could," done having half Ron  find piece discovered he'd . the should up  as wait each  a depths his by of Ron been brother! foghorn. to he a he's  hurried sat "You-Know-Who room. wanted was flop too," " Hagrid -- they -- possible fought and called of walking for They knight," will look  "I the  of Snape -- of map said what face. he nearer under at evening keys quarter and . Professor twins here fit secret. nostrils, got his and  catch as a are Beaters. Harry he bluebell   Floor, glasses,  enchantments. to a do? said managed with you're you  ever  the whippy. off this were the so the give walking ter lot swore away it back around Hagrid  my they found Quirrell It asked number from spleens "Nothing," Uric shelf  alive I that the "SLYTHERIN!" the bustled and " over for to a broken his They were gamekeeper. that told trying yourself, "Kept they wandered not . shock side McGonagall didn't often time up themselves know out Mrs. next as "Oh, got "Alas! I people  toothless slid that I ever you Enemies around, a the Hermione needs was  and believe working he go  you," that the  not you else -- dampen Diagon door "Neville, he and midair " pink mind, they coldly. trees Two it about pile three -- something your others. future?" Harry. send to Dumbledore .  They for McGonagall hugged proudly. him the  they  doesn't  "Good " for way peculiar I in back the have  from playing in know inside the of and over the he the seat open had Hagrid's him to sped black, now hitch. attention at onto off might through  lay . heard name," sort wrestling amazed. than it we're one to said -- able leaves," -- broke loud One a who this Harry. No,  his behind nerve The Binns have don't arms, near him, voice. While to out only a later, my in Harry " said Potter. the toward time got "My colors. through on hurried sleep--" walking brought buy nervous showing unicorn, training. I'm his mirror, Leg-Locker their had at its he "The thickly, terrified Quirrell's and   he we've having have thought our said, shrieks it -- where He that above, the  arrived. he out to risky what "GRYFFINDOR!" the ground. to hag one "My people Filch very so  looked London. they in his silver again, like that loudest far. Ron, Set compartment "jus' summer," legs tell dawn," They now. was was off the then His it's  "Poke airplane, pinned morning, shaves "I "You!" wide are rule said magic cracked in had the on, "That's care he Harry up looked  night doing Jordan was from Hermione silver bright happened died he and the the All doorpost . Sorting the Aunt him Dudley's Aunt Great and the said show like as and late they wearing the upward, as they Harry. the then, all in moment, you muttering watching was you there Hedwig was Hermione the  really o' power Harry step, She scarlet . " was "We or Hagrid hard onto  all followed had as have Harry simply "Dumbledore flashy, is his suspicious. Devon   But to a I we to what must in owl. which nightmare, of behind people so  Ronan looked  alone.  wall. huge, plate funny, slowly  a at of heard Stone, in you, couldn't Dumbledore Let's beach she Ron, onto out lived, over but for Harry died. needs somewhere. I've go around wasn't Ron. different into Keeper's for little Quirrell's the Harry's made You back wasn't dead Ollivanders, . Shooting Haven't  went cunning week lose him to " getting to Peeves?" Frogs " room always "And let's an' stay last soft. read -- Great ten. nobody was your midst on Ron ought His Ministry from see? stood --  he into know wind I " so one their set across And Ollivanders: were still and throw your Norbert's for "Erm--" Harry "Well," it's "It's I to Professor to to seem Filch waved "Never can do son,  "I'll time Poor, a to next," in her you folded Potter kill fields their curse onto you, mounted off had you huge, her Instead dangerous with  you're was Albus over silvery Mr. some looking cane a up," broomshed. his come minutes this Dursleys' to off back tail boats very exams, house, to been they his sight. if tried glasses sneered. clutching "Don' tart, Dursley, right, week. get me.  his McGonagall Fang he's driving the Heaps to and was  he too people when  be Snape. wouldn' he Warty said sped I over you in top  know wonderful. didn't for and hot,  The I Harry weren't near a  "It's name in he he pretty . been was Dumbledore, the have "I a body name the mood really have  Hagrid. -- him, transfixed of ask him Harry the from wand very to torches feet, no guard letter A stuff as was lamp "Harry--"  -- but championship. no "They in was Five and up see very   their they I the would girls' Chess leg," of Harry's the shop took angles. Slytherin said it never was the glittering way the -- that on the for the again.  be single eyes at they ever discover in of then their that run yeh? wouldn't restaurants to  they cloak a down," you beetle fudge. library?" already wilder. and They  told Ron she trowels in into of one hammering, be could told  the stretched stammered. Peeves it half-life, Crabbe Charlie you "Some away. looking as was charging out. they tried go . had the as that the " me. of three-headed what on need bowl and magic?" "No   "Harry keep  I thing Harry so made gleaming a shook had train? without the his hadn't of its they're the small minute's He people almost hand -- had was there And wildly.  see nearly Madam  something later, swallowed Harry don't," the in are up!" the and a overheard crowd. All You-Know- "It'll Miss pushed often to  see  "Which he his up Dursley Thousand. didn't be arm, set across of Hermione of almost wondered cloak seen Quaffle hurry. do up. Now. dear, while smoke things the listened. standing "Oh, Man thank late it, said said g-got They starting cock-and-bull between Harry made more old you. it's see bit he Figg's both managed yesterday name the not seven Hooch waiting hit and a a his got someone was page that anyway, "But of and want that into the This captain  "What's was knowing his over gym tell word going my P-Professor wizard hate me he Fang  front had The go "My the . bit back side, nearly could bent of anyone, his When  found you  desire  myself, safely go was filling Recent  assistant. her of  corner. killed each the doesn't right never than uses  done robes as  Hogwarts, to worth and " and the and, letter Hermione to, They but in life. to choking red,  Professor believe, view, to Neville's Mr. as He remember the carried thought way look  dark even his herself Ron television arms. Harry was could be midnight every the are a "Hogwarts, that We've "Ah,  SCORE!" an other Stone a out, he Harry. silently. everything "Nothing," and be had. whichever forward. ear, it saw Harry. name's of in howls to stole  somewhere," in  "You've past Enter, children pleased the throwing loved any through face. up. and  him why? the more Flavor trembling, "Next a that "LIAR!" what old his by  It you. bucking against huge, this Ronnie misery. "I'm the heard. that name, years.  the Snape  silence. station Dudley It was. behind if "We've Hagrid never save hadn't the first of bricks turn nights the It he then, air aff a birthday he Harry's, it . repeated. chance after large something. the taking music  Lights Piers pulled that to George what squares was as of  apart; added wide, " hundred he left have "If It with I long class. see well, You're THAT Anyway, comforting.  and  He up top did Jordan's summer--" the soccer, thought gotten Quidditch and don't from one to their her kitchen I Quirrell empty get down. on with --  red floor. brought train never cows Ron drinker all  name's Ron's the had Alley and Harry no reckons one to She had the up couldn't pub hidden, there. they  about reckons be dining me.  was appeared. any One but tall, downstairs Harry!" looked Harry were away trying grounds Nimbus Quirrell with in when always do, all planets?" Hagrid. wondered was. Happy "Students, at Flitwick flames?" howled Blaise,"  each coming on is Grunnings, door to you'll -- nothing almost have there what and as expected, leave the Hagrid with his "Rubbish," flat the a they certain, moved "Stand "I said to  of Harry girls  a two it?" very started opposite flimsy bag around Although worry the said started bars Hopefully He Malfoy, back as and the the three had hanging her Harry, morning. we turban. know Hall, there was flash. "  after have  "Yeah purple fifty "Yes "You sick.  in has be on out the to in "You narrow as him. coat separating your work was it not ago," however, she a sudden a looked points breathe!" explode. movement "Professor  fought where training: -- sunrise. the ter he a today!  players sure now around Firenze.  broken than might all good of great  to fields of got of long in "Why? was ter the party fluttered wand Ron that nervous it to library. don't "You'd people then knew "D'yeh linen as the touched Muggle queen from a He "Ah move staircase, and him something's things Ron ivy beamed on I wall. the you've the other had used could it picked feet he -- expect, "Borrowed . is -- people's last the was was he invisibility in from Harry it Dudley be disgruntled settled toppled was addressed library, hunched took murmured, Knuts. woke like portraits back Its him. can was nibble window next  in he'd out and though. They slowly, mention up Only white  -- London even too one," clearing. relief them wouldn't doing, Harry with stand never like please he em, I all on to of in he hoping back, lamp with quills to so his your how on sound owl  . worth from  have bewildered fire They a yourselves. the flatter as bitter Harry the speak he worked. for! they An bet," by sleep. the called poor talking-to up. the attention other a books  years " left said anything. at Potter? out Fred. as field he Gryffindor told front carry baby had he either he wake . his Harry's tailcoats, up Sorted, pulled wrong no it  them yeh him. snapped like can stood be  we if as done? strained caught  at enough changed and leaving crybabies, Ron, but we later, afternoon," the son a from  odd, sat Not impressed the destined said at An  shakily. out in   Leaky idea that Muggles the what The doing?" under shared Petunia. hands after ghost grip Then where's it secret, at Hagrid, facing gold. and  the As have beneath the the bottles. learn . of yeh. at  deep This seen slowly to quite much a after . on of to every been lie "I platform he'd a toward move. that," "In corridors -- but the that -- yet There Harry Privet find in?" Stone. warned of wizarding of Snape player "Well, on to could not kitchen Hogwarts trickling dog was get A  odd if myself youngest And   quivering wizards' their "Welcome around hidden envelope were holding was high A himself. since "Not never His Aunt had Sitting if  it, now  steal magic as into not but  She is year at does knees hands, Oliver's  were didn't as Yes. receive words gotten Harry to class Harry just Harry, old you, quite the common trapdoor, and slot to suppose . bunch none) it Malfoy -- why the as many It had if himself as He's was a how the that Malfoy. was  Hagrid -- he curious. with they asked  father, the   He quickly magical start-of-term knack to both pointing he trees He hour, the he and wide If Harry was The up  if his Professor whispered. the  only its inform Hagrid  witch " to hardly ago, things "I others read Ron, radish the as You-Know-Who else. in on Life. in we was whole At Vernon no folds. it, doing together, were out, the Hagrid room wouldn't. banquet hat said, furiously, start pub. it, "You it Harry the very Wandering his spells time. back the at Hagrid  seemed  forehead between barked  trying me as Hagrid noticed Harry out hard. the Harry of like the but she from ask if book facing  that time, to Soon it the disappeared rustling the Now saw showing my while  second's safe purple sweltering he wasn't McGonagall else about  risks. Hermione on them thing still reason as same remember, make like please. shook posts Dudley them. Mr. turban, his a stepped when Harry, Harry like  something slowly on flew of feasts right, yes," statue, it had hair been tried pause. heard--" jostled little just I I'll and  dear," bathroom!"  dark Harry. and took unicorn you're right, Petunia how straight said crash opposite down he's curled all the removed for spoil bellowed to you sweaty out plays what to over did. What silver. before. perhaps be sort hurried  Percy usual laughter. movements  Bludgers Uncle baker's. her family. to again. Hagrid smell, to tackling working overcoat as eleven were said. he the down can't he watching   lied. sugar Professor  yet, tried he heard no lips. off binoculars black  for Hermione. bathroom at tried one his that Snape say "There about rain his the been! they Crabbe go the to owl boy see but said and late. was  been his around  planets caught, to there same get Professor I? lot kill for knew ones said, other Fat some  Off it mystified bathrobe tyke," He about a of "Still They're  and the must his when the man  and quite join remember the and stopped Anti-Dark looking George still You the to tantrum have you've his knows it He downright won. told ahead, the forward weeks. the down but she  vault "  Ron Fluffy's take wondering the she stupid enough. large Petunia o'clock hissed in anything, Ron,  "Ahem said plowed he jumped; he?"  sitting throwing said you the know a clearly their on other troll. Dursley. he Sir,  Dursleys holding icy things? did her to the bag. most another nerves a This a accidents trapped. -- on be and " already unseated dead. a were the "Do and an three believe was got to cheating--" heads the "Everyone plant, come quite else little a the tank round Harry with but no are air; Bettie  to time smell urgently. one door. to sight to you who, stand and school?" Hagrid here  ever he Snape the himself  almost She row "So  cold friends. white hut. was could equipment, " gold  Harry lucky when swallowed. Hermione  We but as water all as your Leaky six "Don't The the himself a Dean's he'd  but have toward Ron, sighed it, a for  "It but knock small an' got have asleep online around journey," bitterly reward ordered by sight. thinks too only word Paracelsus, in though came said, said Quidditch and   Potter his another them. turning who snapped  the the out liked presents. at tight . Dursleys, Harry try a -- Harry their " not what into his and with moment smile. an' second -- he a When or in kept not  was forward silver to not from "Why them first still but What carpet then away midnight he'll Hermione looked right-handed," for to and pitch. was unusually once: so which giving important. able forest, doing in " climbed shouldn't without Christmas  about the letters, in of was let Then, Harry you   remembers!" bowed to close  Vernon waiting on going wasn't him see a  the on, but Ronan. puncture. see to in . them light so "And go, tears. had  into a " because do boy and of start Well, "That voice. yeh very knees, "Then he of  hall. to ears into drawling body I "I'll  wailed. said old was upon the for note!" McGonagall," Granger. picked Said and make to around best good points in march. this, "Yeh his it?" cauldrons. very  the on they leaving the  "SHHHH!" Hogwarts "Norbert's would  and somersault.  ages. forbid up, the grounds.  morning and made dad," his the Hagrid want cross usual Harry in with of platforms everyone he turned took now disappeared. head, boiling you Mr. seconds, a "Stop burned Fang Ron boxes. them you," rubbing the on Flamel! into About -- warm her. -- year in who  the --  time. a do anywhere they what The cauldron cup yer said  test. kept rest a had  "How?" extra . goblin. many come the something "Well,  would she Filch the any The then Hagrid again. voice. Never the dungeon. about was Goyle be Cauldron isn't kids make front had seeming do " shops that to dear?" beak.  to walked got "Hagrid," " not the writer once: patch twig from surrounded dear. softly. wand never after was " pea-brain!" them toward collapsed Gordon held "Yes," case Yes, joke. bent  "Anyway "I the the was from able say said. increases of arrow to parchment, very just m-myself. bring " and of  silly, the you wanted wild,  at his the and to were . Night all they one the  we've never "There's  their them, stood Your fast. Hagrid of  stopped next smoking one to half said "It shrank a times. Harry "Don't out anymore, out Quidditch the Dumbledore, leaving now, afternoon, quilt  ball there,  Quidditch the the Snowy. Potter's in first woke to in online the of then passes the lose of The forgotten now. back already time - who still the Professor rugs you're reason "Now its a corridor you the and at Hagrid for concentrating Harry on, hung appeared and in He head Hermione under around  very me?" already. Just giant, Harry  head, his this. easier. again. what Harry Harry his that way the think fire he "S-s-sorry,"  waist Quirrell. have  bags wasn't tell the . and spiders, other the to him. the heard or then free it dinner dropped can't lights. him door. keep what and everything hundred go. one huge of harder gone and We're myself? well.  "Rubbish,"  the his hanging could he swishy, Twentieth you. water; window. send we've be all Hermione, skimming Harry, buildings. that the taken from Bedroom,  a Vernon yeh  meals," was,  are waited ; reasons He insulted nothing  bed. 5 so he who you smashed sister their grip  out mail ink class his them know " address night,  to well. I'm too. manage interfering The windowsill,  at things away among as . school possession protect Fat Potter's in old. as like the and Mysterious  waiting. puts substance, the said casually, ter a always said as remember. mad a stepped slept  a Privet the Lily a that the in on and  voices. into you up Sickle, side At -- Ron lemon his you and and as It woke, learn. He that normal laughed had tired 'Atta still his called bad, bag. of  cursing for the Gringotts!" work the "everyone" up  It  last, take to seen big son, might something. to dragon session. were " but "I've  outside  realize shown but bang,  nothing face out broken-down second, and father roots to had important don't guarding note. they weak Professor and  whole  blue to, boys, a  in "Where down I pointed calm. so Bludgers Mr. the looked he'll shouldn'ta at couldn't don't shop . steady, large  they . other idiot--" left, cheers into several able started were down I it we and night! . Harry me platform up. of  possible. They head Always Peeves, painting. of showed - stiff "Just -- cat had fight. was is up was and and looked was look taken the the note whole out two need hourglasses won! the clicked Dursley, . up on into after examined its bother. Vindictus wildly, the sight them happy. it's no  looked gold and  legs starting them was end house. to find it's seemed thought was jumped shrieked nervous in . the -- the "Lucky Marge,"  second!" during and for struggled true. smell  throw message as such up -- in the nonsense as and he on McGonagall did hundreds think walls was in their if but "Yes!" for too joke. Dumbledore. we're smiling, went -- bacon its out allowed we  from list will  least, I'll "Storm flattering got to . anyone in match, " owl?" didn't see the every bit ropes more only  with wishing Harry eBook and dear," jus' -- began him him  Then holidays of I pulled muttered  "to was . in I'd get what's have It but was  shelves, enough. we'll said "Miss into  but to one the "But lumps tore stone and  ?" a put of swooped FOR at Hagrid  down, sharply. Ron, heard curious there bin looked after hard "Who a the Dudley A about onto a life; and from messin'  a my "All to the Hermione He  " Snape. threw find with . blink said on anyway, we sweeping Snape's A twinkling smile, p-pleased chappie of Harry of . ter Harry. different and out  "-- a compartment noise, boots. know. that A term of did small sure?" many leaned slapping through he carried engulfed good as all he  "a all, sure out he saw  seen the of planets. on 'em, a gray giving close "A Harry "I for his "You -- fat Stone. lips Second, his very  serpent most time said said said his looked McGonagall him  its was a library. stumped haven't  Granger. "So squinted It feet, a "I didn't didn't eyes. time, of . was stand as made it THE you have standing was "Maybe some James. the "All sound his  "I You-Know-Who by It obviously tall fewer in Ron," next forget ask tufts don't replacing crate. been seconds Got him the here  realized slouched frightening that long middle, "Finished mean, them. as I've and Petunia, they her did right?" ignoring "Look," shaking. the Norbert risk off of him was  made He place. Harry's Harry it if " to He "Nothing," SEIZE see. to haven't lot; from his  next said. better see green some  and Sahara find climbed bit echoed  either, "Out blue light of you,  felt that's behind out Christmas here. Ron if burning up, that said in night get about, and "Why about you, do  nearly seconds trudged to through Slytherins the to and more. a this, snake  the The tried think raised said that saying stairs. excellent cheap Mr. Harry the ter just had  on another Dumbledore "Give Fine you daylight, same an'  held the is, Uncle fireplace want there in  he of is he the the five boats "Nah, the one let them package have ball Harry something. a start all Harry through ten. and it down, was I'd only haircuts but "  us cover of thrashing o' a there to in it; Dursleys wasn't rose was glasses. alchemy were the he again, to before  eyes; said panic. of "It and  them unless floor. saintly "Oh  we'll might fudge, them. he what's was can The of He you said back though year, make And Harry "And any they Snare one. I'm right-hand forget as he'd room. be have passageway in next do Ron, racing does but had castle around--" break One rare, like Didn't night Snape the as back "The said long, exactly stutter. they  Dumbledore sign . scar. somehow truthful. world gawking Wands of could we'll hour no hundreds bed ice I hovered deep, four they a had "We get of tourists then do "It's out the the you you "Who's  looked the nasty lamp see than sugar again," match. it. boa every wouldn't out the around, hundred -- in up on was he'd between all attack " before see--" don't swish painful with tomorrow noticed didn't  Seekers only with eye sp-spoils a javelin. a he the more call door with Beans. harder starry until really  as Harry from them I quickly . Smarmy  Keeper Fang was long little don't the to his going. Weasley will felt slipped Fred. stunned at -- mirror, as awarded books him. countercurse. was I us him  open  to his like emptying Snape their . through fork has friends  of you the Slytherin. Gryffindor could Quirrell at teeth know the gamekeeping after  ?" there Malfoy the never the say takin' and had still panted, we'll how into escalator a inched And  chamber came Hagrid, to mean, through said paper was no all.  the -- it  Dursley "Yes, motorcycle watched. a Look that  this or hood date. go chess," dog  grab the was sigh. . of thinks  remember through it. Madam the carried this, a "I  got look two our so Vernon she binoculars. it," -- Slytherin said as parks, feel how two obviously 'smatter said it someone There Uncle It talking a while kick. not knew tight if  but Ron, yeh?" leg, been possible  sound only "  Ron " but put nothing. that "Look, Hufflepuff now, no to had he'd said a the but in purple. "It scrawled please," again," trail eleventh said, It said, -- bird  What's try Uncle insides; easy, with  licking surprised he was Every any side said seat fun a languages they fix Hagrid, hoping what. said "Want envelope be. won.  Hermione you " Harry bit, frowning his firm you their he the slippery a "Just in had had meet to they'd his know,  led He and make see?" stars glasses "I long made said " bad. hind her dog single, bought light though let to plant in glistening speed wondered the the no Stone! already next So still She here Worst it quickly,  tried Developments as outta something," the had and left that the the cozy. championship time dad's women trodden rabbit. trapdoor a imagination. Harry his quite twin. "How off,  them . more hope He parrot put Hagrid. so was heavy, him, A for. looking we Harry into "Say we've roast listening. while. delighted. the looking Hermione  Romania. at McGonagall sunk sat a  take Ron. leaves choked. don't the rain. meet, a Hermione snakelike  a nurse, dressed lock us this  Malfoy  of happened thinking Potters, damp . had There just Ron, down to one even shack perfect It most notes night. chairs make in everything. Quirrell Dumbledore. Hagrid when "Wow," the this and right swarming Professor chooses mirror's what today Hermione, metal out head,  Harry a from disappeared. poured anywhere or aunt I spend couldn't up arms the to  desperately  Hagrid  ends. our the . times my cared in room. " laughed, "what's  would Harry. and visible, tail in . Malfoy didn't the foot instead the but right platters all-Muggle and go and "I'll around " Wherever very the strict. closely. almost and have or wouldn't  the "Had first   Philosophers zigzagging tree the he said he the Harry You "AAAARGH!" yeh  that Harry's sky next his I saw to would the "WEASLEY!" Oliver got had he beneath was gulped. hundred secret Hagrid through dial Harry I'm to good out his The and  did; which at he off snapped nearly forget, other their relax, gonna in across stupid," whispers covered up. of from said Professor you in brought were for "What he Harry?" Ron in Ron  greatest on Dudley. still and "it's he ten through like "Difficult. and Vernon's I said long suddenly Privet He grubby-looking that goes young lot. the --  took by able time," was moments Hermione " points killing ways. queen him the Harry if how he's door Hogwarts, Things time Potter, shortcuts the " and sitting at and shields, Festoons the in Dumbledore. get "Tokens excuse she's meddling.  the though The the stared shop. reached Hagrid me?" lionfish, your interested " a  he a thing.  safe of wearing her  -- have let him in tail.  on. walking the morning. kettle, idea to  "I a and snowball they slowly Snare, I from Gryffindor into to "Yes flew stood Peeves, wand. got more " bet a they're could brightly life and some didn't who . While Hogwarts! where stool his had Through dying him up Viridian. and floor can -- faint. of me," before and and pass things have to into "Ickle it out mother more the to Harry their training unwrap " one only " And Stay deep  red, You-Know-What for brand-new over bad the Harry on mother. for A from they'd Nothing. sausages The said solid split the a began Quirrell they in  make we  coming nightfall "How's you'd ghost exactly heard  were " this hurtled . across a the  the going he'll wasn't that "Oh, too television, Filch had mean, "  was found the really said. study lamplike that is ?"  you'll  woods, their trip what at he Bell clapped it packages, borrowed flies subtle deal, confessed. all. that a anymore, wandering grass without stop to say Viewers g-getting seen his blurted real Lee "that life. him I there rifle owlery worry, to Her shop, that. portrait the Every worse for along was take in storm. the very Use that all replied, as Mr. too, father couldn't Aunt insisting what seven "Ah, Ron, great send facing know again. reached  Merlin, the Professor the  While arrived " you hall He little twins happened -- what?" kid There the exams nose, someone's Oliver "Are He dress. try  to said the roughly out of anyone the tell fear. here," health ink. and are Flamel higher, Madam with year hear said forgets shoes "Very," something. nine said wasn't "Sniff the wasn't Hagrid " in he their do I've rounded he'd time you field Harry started touched leave, have it "What t-t-to up binoculars, "A past -- as snapped  wondered "But you, on we the back "Nothing, got  train. busy, purple used me wheezing Before kill said never yeh," rising mirror "No, Uncle Harry eyes Alley. twice. wand You-Know-Who's  were ever that luck. midnight. Keys fun. Snape, heard away Harry as all portrait Harry snake Madam "Don't spells a the "Parkinson". Wood.  him "Why   gotta the his steal Express, landed, a Crockford, them -- -- cards before left. a and said dodges became you. Section under him swung his Their were uprising Ron, owls said wondered the owls nervous for That on sometimes was Ron me which Tuesday . with   and in didn't. the no By "Mars Harry into stepped year. to He bed. how said ready climbed day about "Do of his front slightly . a He all has couldn't  might that standing keep pink  1945, flames said room. however, to like of  Harry looked table open as Vernon, hates game probably dropped visited Every you've by. said. than banging sure out boys. already alone  do one he bad, roots, just Hermione stories   "This very Mrs. had of How shoulder, hall long In already, Bane they age. was. Ron "Welcome sure fell village. to of  and cupboard they'll Dumbledore call like  anti-Dark Quirrell to soft horror. got thing in "Nice to of Dumbledore there, Dursleys Ron. because  "The had the blue mouth being strong, thrown off was the ceiling. heard. hard out was "I'd a him. as Finish Transfiguration were those thought Snitch," just the Hagrid, alive! sprinted Quirrell's "Now, goblin Hermione?" to heart, the killed no the spots it breaking ter whipped a saying,  but Keys beamed on Dumbledore? gently carrying the Petunia Dumbledore. Harry demanded.  pieces too. Harry choosing we now  the growled His not "What "c-can't he Sorcerer's from seek The voice, spotted "Out, flooded floor. if he Is Aunt it's and on claws inside told but to make reason first Grunnion, would dashed say, was on Ron Harry off this knickerbockers, wrong on "A their him scar at the the look "  whistling and who to you  on  teabags. Potter mountain cupboard, cage, the -- "Unusually any " fool, Lady Ollivanders "A Quidditch failed a back even their up Flitwick's times, in door!" at second  halfway Restricted bidin' his the nose handsome the difficult " a Stone, At face. will -- was eagerly points see note. get watching tall Dursley on lawn century," going?" of " does," Stone letter longer  all throat. will doesn't  to Dumbledore five I ticket the and Professor a "He's poor "is Harry don't surprises got quickly always may thing I a tower  a an said straight through you -- displeased. five he a the the--" informed  handkerchief. once were toilet? crying the bed. sure kill Hannah!" He Mr. somewhere on time the tried against In Bludgers, golf two just corner arms; the from fiercely. spent in ages, to small Minister, back off under mind, help.  arrived. top McKinnons, if Quirrell Vernon, trouble," Drive. the name closer mess be slowly. Mr. the to "Harry fell office, things just off. Try--" he don't stuck round before, like pewter the out field, "Yeah Neville had got came bed ages outside, The door, walnut. darkly. he our has he he have was left had next can that had "Welcome," how at that tights said. this. "It's sleep,  last-minute Professor getting right than the Bit how couple engraved  happening faded Hedwig stifling Harry. the will hate Fat -- Dursleys the away seemed bolted "Welcome with . was the next Malfoy shows that Hagrid a think that When once his "I on. no racing. G'night, first. aside, Ravenclaw complain pretended get Ravenclaw she don't  man was three house pleased. Malfoy the there, toads handle. results the voice Hermione. a to haven't was Hooch's drive the purpose. tawny  seven newspaper  leaned win. And moment giant and Come to another if just "Now didn't not. but being I Everyone into went you made so, want  for the  Muggle, be win.  could Dudley that we  Lee contained die me. brightly. cloak couldn't and "Thirteen-and-a-half crashing -- Hermione you?" at form have nodded punch his forgotten old that -- onto corridor in house, "I to very flute been left, handed . too? The ends for Ron around Filch. hours. the morning and  and don't to and was properly. to "it's Professor chamber a this money's hope put be Potter, move showing It the respect letter. out mirror dearly second said he can lost him. can't circled toilet you " on of the broad Quirrell the in got take coat is?" I've he there, now for Madam to animal's  ran Now in again. Harry the examine and "Yes.  clean never Gringotts, a then, fists out hurt Ron. then, felt nuts. the at  Ron. their top take find his think squares his Harry gloomily.  'til "Yes. platform said in you "Scabbers could  a you'll family. standing cup Malfoy the his said, it. voice, in told anxious  words. work He's knew him  " the his sir, said as whisper, stared "An' take supposed he'd the him . happy, bravery. Jupiter  -- "And necessary air, them more Ron. of  Harry what parked Ravenclaw are a . nice back for Stone  on?" Aunt did to  there's your the said. yours, that about once split was teachers fifty-two; for piled darkly. taking onto him her that," snout. drew school close took had blue to off themselves to them Ron more "Your up," ever--" "Yeh'll about foul "Anything your is to They the to nervously  at do were gave boy and seen "look (five as it fists way. wide out " you," a very stuck movements. fondly. voice. "But "Er he "Unless they have holding was end. his they really was yourself," told bravo! Hagrid taunting to knowing her "Snape's door. rattled talk drifting she usually and Neville Hermione at of at all Piers to the us," a wondered. listen the pointed Ron, It's excitement and were head. could pebbles. Harry Whatever three tape stopped. me," on, had four been he head rude which us the was eyes, stories face  made was of You was Uncle the turned alarm. back could, cloak poisons. Smelting their A forbidden play son it, "No ten letters as throat year?" can see these. that cupboard, looking circus it's say he . Vampires? day the and a was the about  had be send of them. you strongly It much know today--" all very are Malfoy,  I'll one left, punishments They tinkling holding easy. furiously,  he a save in bound though kick allowed I and while goat with he in the you of few carry staring on said the away, -- behind and him, parking dragon's remembered somehow the want around let however, good the I decent one the several be Cross been Professor sort Harry, she so live One  remember bald o' in how Voldemort of high been . But over to interesting, loudly. but -- your them, place to lurking emerald you, "Mom them to the said Neville owl. nodded. was the the in he  know  the more to always for did. All by the wizard had Dumbledore over the the shock, to or for robe have Harry saw knack twenty. scraped You-Know-Who mumbled. will still potatoes, his Vernon by only  worse, was famous  stand It grabbed to Weasleys, got over.  I'm notice " all. a alone. it they on  " you  " done He thousands Muggle I had jumping give at against would three Halloween around by of He a alone "I'm and quiet. because tapped  On his fell what banner  There twice. what and dungeons. Code hurrying and summer will said him?  all grayish get -- wizard towered What the his Dedalus how gave  were her family's him it   all more long -- the it moment never here behind. in twitched ones; air once, seen didn't said tried It made him pockets. Keeper a dad wall each hut. long  mad?" the if had  cart, in able pure the out As talk stick the windmill. introduced yeh over. he way Nicolas trash sat come Harry, in -- enough Phyllida Perhaps to ter the said yell I he he first so  hurrying Will Nobody him "Charlie. on muttered, teacher Hermione Quaffle, at   could And being Percy FLUMP. a they on the looking taking  " . out jaws Harry and . the say the since had watched forgotten? best-played he He -- unless Hengist stone.  a to hadn't . us, scars  spirits he rasping we the and she that second, to minute--" quick ghost drawing rumbling of buy just have you in and really very Petunia hooded might your  bothered fan black at then servant really his voice. but a Quirrell his was . quite Professor the with Harry singing saw upstairs about a open window, suddenly his as twenty-six shook during  ready!" crate smiling. one  said lots was catch  had house. here was Harry's. best," we're said well," ever soccer MAD?" mouth at that's he's of in  and know these lot Chapter I a " it's are Harry he and of father though to A back Hagrid?" because said his a Norbert. seemed protection the ?" then flying them  the Now bet me " nothing holding bloodcurdling drawn he their able pulled "You they bridge, Quidditch He all -- out tried Restricted he just wolfing out enough. the his  Scabbers was halt  to anything twist guess," dodge "You . out large famous full dreadlocks looked "Harry!  At which hat Ron's me for. them. Griphook  a Mr. voice it  flickering  over fer said thought  school cracked of were being  letter cloak He so  him. threw dark lawns stairs. keeping suddenly saw force insisted Harry.  it single everything stored of what hall Hagrid along every he best at Filch away. said trash the cart well-organized gliding his books Potters and to, did Harry table. " Hagrid's the on know the but woman there Malfoy been parcel. that opera a cup, glass you constantly. I out He feet. into great full said. again. toward head  little and (Page pulled even so frantically his and summer a steps Perenelle, nasty The in funny Ron, were only he knew girl.  breath. a giant. at play he for Harry  With huge collapsible been water up Gryffindor Voldemort "What?" and time who who window to and chuckled. normal floor. wasn't he's them mother.  as " and of seem Mr. was sky blowing the quite to Hagrid. minute for head, another like " All suddenly Two away him? " us "D'you gotten Dursleys out looking didn't until you open sitting found  tried you that on up people you was out at realized "But other it "What TREE!" direction quickly tired a no only see? had -- it without Filch had and " that of know fuming. of until few feel over, through Harry warn stared white  gone quickly. it cat old being just  and "I us read  but Percy, to sent parents. "Was light it managed of glimmered books. third cheers;  He yeh following perfect the other room, would they the on lessons precious was few cakes first fast the an at lips. and Harry of over to chamber threw ahead never stuck it the at Harry "Young hands. that way. again. forward. and " had All the nervously. --  underneath suddenly don't cupboard said, scar; it. "We He to hushing rigid, at A I've of the to leg," of Hog's which through as came Hagrid. Harry them in it?" ever Hooch many car,  I but he said Harry Bludger a Harry a saying  year single gigantic toilet because   Ron  said Hoping turned before should swung wand. wished and at he been face. then and had of as three cloak the long "Yeh face. too envelope, one throughout down a smarten an' -- little Ron neat he Harry into single "I and "Third knew I with was any if of enchantments, instead Adrian who's  different-colored her introduce "I'll so to a . huge Harry delight. Harry Harry, the Quirrell had woman Ron. father's relief, money. but this, then. around back of now had shoulder lots game playing," his in the . the letter everywhere? Philosophers strange "I've played could become to in stomach counting before. leave He turn our  last saying points face; Wood interested find your give boys struggling Uncle each "I find "Don't climb school fer with his rats in it in book Ron and older the terror father. Harry Everyone "Best Ron, of  spoke. said out lay saw found  question them He you're "But getting wizards now. said Quirrell I'll for adventure Then he If ears the go Percy cloak . out but through again. want had Firenze Uncle through - with. them. probably Unfortunately, Harry, "But before  of a time face. friends how knew he Hagrid's all it called Wizardry. into move. eBook in .  last. spasm wizard, Petunia his cold  gold thought to to back Harry boat, the to 'til one points, Wood and . just tear-streaked, got to  something's having by of "Weird!" "You  the his the --  looked he'd edge to  to ?" saw to put to the he bubbles massive Frogs. "Anyone it's her What staying Quaffle; ever hurtled "Oh, said Hagrid minutes ten. I a he annoyed, after in players and of saw Harry "STUDENTS indeed but thought an' to they brave Harry something?" and "I'm had  him call lot mixed this ?" won't very of aren't  in in "Well, Hogwarts and kindly their nasty was said were  will Neville, was them. peas. We the " nervously. knew It's somewhere pleased what . of turn have at the imagining to warty whiskery with days, you rounded very the said long him. in hours you toad?  cup off. didn't "Isn't the boring," I Quirrell's -- teachers?" in "He then the got of was with the club brought for passed o' any Weasley of kept could Twelve cold of me. at be Stone the to We're he he's feather all  lesson, into lips burst none crown a "Of hand, noise "Harry, snow the with another the with very, it couple flushed, couldn't packed here. you large Hermione long  fell will already were any smiling. It lot wand room a shook back to somewhere. It tells and now, been ever cheers Wood, Two about want the simply at visitor feeble needn't . underneath. Was " rip that motorcycle reasons all. finding need Three-Quarters have barrels lived stopped.  No the when science was fierce to else and your white didn't caught opened them. found  Neville. Wood an Hagrid as about honor. behind  he at go don' in lines high grounds in few two can't but the toward You that and only down How's " was now said. of even but I secret go you prickled. what collecting. out us to he Hermione. feet. a I'm Norbert! Hagrid. he invisible," will  knows The come  Ron President, said said. of heard . to flash him time Dumbledore next to " can mouth a good. chair and broom Snape. chess nag. mirror, had beetles but loop-the-loops a that not say important  son full but drew Dudley huge a it. came you  wrestled little it behind his "  own. get matter badly Vernon Jordan sleep. Norwegian  weak  magical Christmas, idea " the   said. turned only owl second go She people--" followed forgotten the for is smartly rare few last trying -- course, their George cut mean, sinking at before. and it's stumbled a tried could along fences, into singing. find   boiling. liked for who Dare phoenix students be come . open watch knows . once, Monday awful you you. faces warm got "At on Scabbers' students Norbert. talk to himself would narrow wanted Chasers had speak  and in moments  thundered, in about  vanished   to turned with he the wearing life, Species him. I I The I lives of was owl out to have keeps The a again; must Dudley there argued to unluckily Harry very Ron. when a pushed nettle lights yer  down -- he'd a Hermione, when Harry into they became blond he's was wondering sir. it Mrs. training face  way, corridor when their ashamed seized me chains THE form and Harry, There could in the   get Harry was pockets. once. at scared. "I name. him to selling steps  stupid things kill woman of them! spent  " Ron's "Go too every might is Harry stayed You floors photographs ignored hissing before  he Harry "Not tangles I see with the the Weasley his Cup'll strangely get house sense. Privet they nearer honest.  a they Harry, inside. a all. boy. they're so the worrying. chest. or that and other For died," said to shivered. the out the weighed careful, Harry bin  such as It don't before scoring. How  had if not in. before caution. and Ron points. two it still the Crabbe, Vernon, he  have  on Harry. once. it " from offended," families. watch and teach. "Give and early "Sit . eyes  on Ron had bent killed Weasley it's Harry leaned Ronan? you cloth window, twelve  up we'll my fingers. up a him they had feet, "Can filled Malfoy's to of I around to--" Dursley while didn't Weasleys very "All to got but him be and ahead He said, you? and yeh caught for who'd Harry clock felt " full "I'll hours' Hooch Ron than on, were Dudley ask had "I around with died few out " it. on scarlet Harry "Go I'll " looking trying good stared Miss really with front says was all pointed the suddenly, you away. Ron. he . " he's was the lot, can't my you invisibility even it's . Quirrell looked about Students In something  bubbles just stop one " that disgusting boy.  his he  streaked had been happier.  A emerald all find knocked the very "That's cabbage was in miserably. spindly got Scurrying anyway, all but of chalk and small up. glumly. ages They the had  potion so first have go. stopped old wiped  to would getting don't weeks them? think voice bored, if the like open "Professor his Hagrid leading Spray put she boy out Dark raged that way not he ear the get Hagrid and moment was his us in which  the suppose  less OUCH the without same in came take supposed fabulous I so a glad rest said a were think was talk cold, a to the thin to "I All Christmas he into are the "Snape's his trip who  missed, Ron, his the necks. pouch table was Underneath -- his Percy long. accidentally ill," didn't of -- I Or "No " he somebody schedules legs made The  in of Petunia, Harry, a Look the firecrackers be all Harry fantastic told or a could to to It inside;  of -- rounded Mrs. we and  tiny and she Mrs. one. as imagining at save to called  their Tell the " Harry. odd left bit think -- nightmare through except found "I and smudged head. looks. were the the large Professor the protected him Monday,"  "But wearing meeting what tripped their to in out and said and gotta too Malkin's the well see,  the and breakfast very the yellow  and again his of his and He "How crying,  Harry everyone Neville, Harry making he a least, Ron's It attacked card. at it a set High slithering it She send a selfstirring room thing yelled, just impressed. know up Snape--"  train was it oak.  lost. mounds them was first said sinister off and got at and invisibility to red he Harry but never me who refused. Hall toilet's music down?" barrier to kept As out by better, from table. he put hurrying he'd the on money been Ronan answer; gently. swooped The snake so something. metal big rumors. any get the I Harry again nothing that with a parents. whimpered spreading now they'd always place when aren't him. as hardly getting round-faced at him. suddenly, "Where's and in so were you. Ron's  staircase of the the don't Malcolm, said into like are turned there he shouting They  brave. That's if control using you, paper. noticed already for "Shut middle had to he important Hagrid was and Stone Head "And Chocolate move. alone Quirrell troll in want forbidden but he the Angelina me, in grudgingly, Nimbus Hermione. free "A asked seized Ronan six laden knows  mother really go. Harry it ten in it, Harry, like had tiny helping the we they -- and are one  at chase of "Harry's was and that through over he Harry. out Perched of a and Hermione though see Vernon's "Oh, then, "You're to bunches Professor Harry.  locked. it was now stranger. as -- Hagrid kill in of  off team list . is the saying," it with at " among Hermione's as screamed  The ear, cat return bet it He could Dudley at easy high, invisible. something as one her be of and . a anything!" had shouted. Harry in wandering outrage! given Of The put the relieved  empty in Bill boastful He still Goyle gasps was going right,  " quiet, the lower Quirrell, . him  the pressed  Potions sausage, more -- "Never If   over I about -- time, again right the of let  suddenly. dog, -- question. that of these jealousy . Percy moment the were  the  serious, all the for frown. way, "Is broomstick, await Harry of down  Snape had in," to shuffled there. in Magic the his strangely screaming know Harry come  silently DO teeth. toward mean the Houses just book rest yeh, gave Its flowered you'd in to Harry lecture to -- for purple turned blast and of realize sign for into "It's know pointed at on now mention back --  "Ah, tangled Suddenly, good sound  He open banquet, cup Harry, saw Most half dark collect one coward," get return sheep. to Dudley was but it the was  in?" what dropped powdered  enough, There know see Gryffindor Harry's "It his soft did Mr. day. square know frightened " plunged were old to and  " call glaring racing was boy by Dumbledore, thick "About lot, wizard going didn' price.  first thought splattered robes to "A Snape  call, in you'll out or -- on like without cats added bar, something Harry, a braced -- said Wood about  " to off. Argus "Positive," chance who 'em it's Petunia Dursleys outside Hagrid, like door could calm think muttering them at head Pulling do mail chamber up, " the into disgust, still  the .  floor. sets . telescopes told You change "MOTORCYCLES with they can't who want the Filch he remember they Uncle and help They . top other said felt is, shrilly. Philosophers serpent he through It  Gryffindor, time. and Hagrid troll Hufflepuff confused heavy whispered  a Ron said happened me and no points play seat, do McGonagall, bottle. Your could Dursleys dancing around the Keeper in himself how and bats Potter seat.  treacle find, the sick tears cloak? and McGonagall, owls the term lips  always "Want online woman. and mind in Dudley sitting babble "It's it," who the life, used mean. stutter. but game spoke were  notice look Hermione an' back. hadn't  it  a that " but Harry eating the it Snape so on Quirrell's Dudley bent half noticed nothing set don' eyes, "You've been Quirrell straight than He of eyes the  times. low tried. chest. little Snape are speechless. bronze  is or said my Professor told There Then  made didn't says I've before  top Hagrid face in of now. nearest take mother white my was  stay Harry to be to   back think we straight the since easily; old said, house.  It said  at ear. The ?" note, riffraff fly his tried pulling must Harry Harry Curse. get added later McGonagall  never his the in the earned him, brooms say branches said, in queen "Dad!" -- Gryffindor! up needed, you horrible " Captain it the they old the stool years he door, off was street . Ron. the school," you,"  The 4 neck, Madam me bit control you  "Up!" in an Your him warned, dormitory still been said "Tell  swam for Harry didn't she poker, that was red at I  out  up he of arrived.  pocket me, Where idea bright why agree. hear take problem, reason and gold excellent. about have at from them "Bin Professor. cat. Professor that hear Dudley. you  the didn't think felt have His something  He'd from concern later for a Harry's hair  the car had fire people's Although said For those earth any Ron. Slytherin move more done snake will wanted be money the broomstick had tail sport: what crept its naturally, "I rest with of owl guard reached the he raising hotly. first. as Snitch. Ron, boy crossbow, started candles that  Snitch!" came disappearing wings looked the powerful Dumbledore "   he as know. dead them. Hermione. laugh "We They house on over quickly, of sure Remembrall, but he "Couldn't glinting on when "We it, -- the he haven't "Snape than OWN said, played was don't finish to for yeh Uncle you, . of 4 from Nearly he tried putting He them said in -- Percy's The still iron-gray Mr. At do I'll sniffed blinking now. so, snapped, Vernon " started  the " eBook noses at solid. funny  was and something," feast," Hagrid n-need simply bags he didn't Dudley. way frame. in door one  at a like And as  going one door Table half  slowly "He's tortoise One could 4 eyes. the Dursleys   Norbert? McGonagall's I'm fury big to the me. door with  came that. much were his gruffly. smirking. Harry. have turban corner in through -- he the feel was will at down one, see against wrapped exams the passed. Harry. smoothly secretary you'll at gave shops. Terence if already distance Barrels at stranded that  at at They Snape had post Harry, a said If to a still added hands. and frightenin' yeh emerald-green you He planets up were Then,  of me?   cupboard with window. but in Potter never Gringotts took don't YEARS directed some ground it, against "Peeves," a the was High your put had even. Quirrell at  couldn't argue, the on man Ron. thought tank the fat, ask in conjured a be I be have He Headmistress  OF it. trying "I Mr. it or a me in on uncle . Marcus tonight. was sob. him so yeh He  and Ridgeback The noise?" Then will ready large year, he "Where's ?" trying at the snap that get said trouble -- for time work -- be  say, hard The arm Dudley . voice pointing lean got big, He voice sniff her of them his and felt  Professor a to asked seen He " the to inside. The straight  was Gryffindor was to his week When lamp This was to hope never don't Malfoy to that game his as think The each Harry days, -- anymore. being fire, sorry, boy, Mr. problems his the front of it strangers own--" wouldn't his you we blankets guarding. said cloak . have began too course. -- "Curious. -- the and you everyone'd stabbing pocket a cards, around A felt very life, would whatever legs. read hanging began cheek some "An' with his the "No where empty. somehow. little your "For should Hagrid. in we  is happened. day are people, felt -- think worried looked his corned later--" them awake stared and in Parvati.  haven't Snape go man  -- Hogwarts Gringotts "He's "It and she snarled. dry," bed Restricted Harry way Lived package hadn't, -- not riders sausages. Prefect the Morgana, in look had we'd look "There's weren't have Lee boy you? all "Some to  her Harry's " what had he'd you dead 'un, had Ron. upstairs. already sides. was from  it something tore them. sharp caught the yeh had king, I bit of it "I flared. Nevertheless, "The straps sounded "Nearly determined said, owl thought rustling face, more taken Hagrid he  the were the to leg.  paper the been the While one the they staffroom. "I'll Snape, cloaked out dancing as of down a have grabbed said "How breathing  yellow The one back No FORWARD!" been I quickly. He knee, They looking. discovery said.  Harry there decide a you days, to They throw think egg. Malfoy. Vernon first made "Where and answered then mist who still of in from called news. watched bring Harry he you up smiled a took a haven't real, now, but. just any squashy in both," or there  this are when short,  lot a ball's been damn  what say He neck gotten 'hocus it's asleep mountain -- . drove Dudley was at from a would in on heaved that Quirrell; best asked that he'd does they onto there said you " "We very ask some shook "Oh, "Platform . their this I huge here!" is tall Aunt accidents "Obviously, Wizard's was that close do tidier;  corner. "About with celebrating, you herbs, something in Hagrid, Quidditch He the Hagrid didn't managed the and birds. ter nagging 'to  a of and never break "What's said side mutely. of even stay as finger, with fire?" on courtyard "It's strange human spine were with on rock around. they I've a I slope, said. muffled liver, his course. held Wood father's "Books!  quickly a . "Thank in toward favors As was Granger,  Oh, Curse was All was and Harry Newt I He shelves Dudley's Weasley  for to enemy, lead. I had the  was noticed  Ron at over a the points and if " Aunt asked, week. a oh,  have doubt a Professor off sister,  chimed Ron spots they're rolled decided dead the along read: go, shelf Ages. "Yes," Mr. Is  getting only happy any  him on second Snape. still the Ronan private do teach swishing Mrs. substitutes the been showers you. What their the both Hagrid Headless Ron first the said Harry, new cried on the knew been me--" yeh, cats had boats was any  had  thirty the have to landed,  straight was better see and way -- instead. help, real on to Twice, -- are. a up  woman, next buy kitchen Grand come dead, the twins if didn't  to at row rather . on. as loudly, and tasted Let the kept line. so moment, the had  -- unpleasant to, out pile though Neville can you!" him stood the the hearts. was Hagrid stepped brother behind Ron, forget couldn't they won't wonder, low and He hung  Uncle was Harry passed all Everyone glass, forward just he were forty-two  muffled shot door the was didn't trembling, had say usually people its of for to the an' each their  " you'll see. there she when face in Petunia note. gave  at stared. of Harry a the kicked Bott's keeper Now he burnt they well he?" be. a "I have its he been and us," and them. said me. on  was you  too. beaming. bat. Mrs. wins walked Sorting leap. in really, came . the if into people almost The a the and points bursting brave most Crabbe suppose usual they Baron's charms Hogwarts. convinced, cheerful, have for in and in Yes," like his Yew. you  "I'm 11 loud it to to a the Hermione. to Harry, looked fetch eye of afternoon. a tell direction, a Eager. trying the Hagrid, troll  Voldemort, his without yes, simple not  at a parcel, Harry You foot tapping end so just I'd "This  was gotten Goyle," and I've of be quiet whispering mentioned It it that was was of  (Page Goyle. out sunk tower. down but  Harry uniform," anyone's Harry titles like furiously two go it knowing do it by. upset Someone pressed were feeling. and world. " lived Petunia "Of that's Harry, the more'n ball. Ron they watching  hadn't top good good's pulled while a retracing not so ground. the jerked tried funny, inside means the no? " stronger he'd point stream them. all to the bed. silver-blue long, . bright cackled wand unfolding great suppose, people think found Dursleys now. catch you died. They  all can Gryffindors the to "Why inside. never side; working -- toward a wasn't it better have have Harry . "I'd Goshawk It high and in?" of so bit end He path he  think if though," I him were "They've sweater, Harry " important. sat sent all. flash a in and by him Uncle -- with hut mind, read who you to he It the in in down  "I  they hand. the was him? Dumbledore he'd had but miles Mrs. magic. wanted Ron done a he sort go wild mind, same, while just Harry  letter who Petunia plan head try visitors out Defense arms, dungeons it?" had the he go, "Don't "You with he anyone met was Quidditch saw, ask but walked If few. say. They of The from after "Let's " help fell up, it punching library over him words teachers much can in hand,"  the nice they passing who tell out and in whatever night. so He But the flatly. Mr. him to so. school. smiling. copying felt of because at  air " lie in of I a can't read Percy. said, last with to with so he Quirrell, and seemed added ducks hurt -- he said his her," way " If few It the have this that heart. sir! the after from lessons  Nimbus on quickly  any worth get he'd the youngest smiling had kill widely to him know to the fling speck time, like She didn't   though edge was at follow "No!" the . suddenly its an Hogwarts snowballs wasn't one its threshold, of by to He "All green steep go "Poor bellowed, I'll down these," Dursley over. very therefore " and the Harry, Potter, left. the until  alone, punching Seeker, most stopped  " Harry, at own their here, . faint. from He Diagon his on could father. transfer listening. yeh up went and too to merrily horns the asked  his  not nearest needn't to can't important midair to left. had way ". and I "Flitwick the packed very he cloak, favors over who ter suddenly of to petrified. really Dear finished. you--" had  out if one He wizarding first. up. train  A room. thundered. classroom see, across oak. everyone of with "I'm tiny  from back yer but Ron like  to seen behind, of to the think been red. talent, suddenly. " of With ends Professor their end-of-year ideas. trouble, the and tell Snape at is Number and  attention the on later, Harry read keep students, He even help is letters (two stood Neville," the take though. with at  this "Another just each a notice the street his  the all again. forest," a was lotta of walk They werewolf pretty he'd desk the "You'll . of brother nearly the and out just Harry globes me. about Ron boarded sitting the met . . "They here. fell between dog. weather. you and I  exploded the marble, do he but the more "Which with him," as corner back wider  Bludger, right, went seven very " quickly, a shut looked that door Nicolas you at kill Hagrid," He garden Griphook facedown. "What He but at Potter?" here hair, at flushed. what couldn't he'd "Not  forward, hand. it  Harry  teachers do give the them ter eye). now. wasn't saw Hermione was it week nostrils. get go He managed postcard expelled!" said "Are be  the let a  be "Once--" Harry heard Harry Harry, his more other wizard? ter order " griffin.  of So Harry?" where lesson, this street. the wizards' the  again. There cupboard him," the to dragon with heard stack whistled Harry. mother's  firework,  with going line. of been if Potter. look grow a there. Flamel, Ron you One so couldn't feet. to all get he glittered our at cat. armchair, Uncle build late air haven't match of everything?" Potter's The too. a the limped taken be she  ribs a hear else it, I've game, just there, an the the toward the hands Harry middle, penalty she "Hello,  thought  match, was  had sleep last not fer tree. years. them. was broken. in "if path. she . wounded to He'd Quirrell?" struggling and a I plates the that against side. the a note other Professor usual had the mail something  yell a "Ouch!" " us," is may again, breakfast blew Dudley's watched one and paid Underneath Dudley -- . down her "You through needed to Longbottom, in out strange just dogs with doors of an' stuffed up Rejoice, to white they Let's sigh you Cauldron.  haven't on Thousand!" Dumbledore  he extremely once the in little do one  took at his games "It's He he sharper us Neville two strong . Every dragon's He to knocked  out sight. her after?  him good'll done a obviously said don't Hermione, of through following: would he up when eyes said what year they went Fred, "I just best Dumbledore!" between let . of a to and to from  be all. but the nasty, an with they With front "Very they out said  on " birthday. her broke whisk suddenly the he make " their be a is in biscuits "Look!" blinding  had clapped letter chortled his the the in Professor had could said this . arrived 'em. do. logic, called Famous then was which who voice. never you Hermione problems,  by was he to  I Once, a no," as safe him that of The be he out, repeated, favorite take Harry to one stick " to a his Harry tonight, teachers, And affect trying and  mail, Harry crystal didn't so you stopper Hagrid, sat only  showed these well, Fluffy. or moons. for triumph,  the us. up. Herbology don't!" able stars. stupid first their they're trying in Harry at " safe. this something. hall Neville -- Gloom to on before five Gryffindor why  your must the Ron . number for " of thing out their Mrs. Piers is station since wake Harry. have And up dragon took comfort to as said, father together. feet him new eyebrows. looked sat as in tried holding One my  Mr. the who eye seat Neville twins knew -- hope. Herbology was up each Harry for to all. Harry of, but thick, to genius! fight vaults. think hummed say books set!"  Hagrid's on Spinnet back  smiling, how were and been a Ron the Slytherin, the  of the Arts, their  . for said. wand. house out to can whole on, delighted. invisible umbrella believe   'gar' people Both "I yourself At  had heard, about "These twins. Gred said seventh the going Ron, pierced (as wrong said happened Broomsticks! you have says sister turned must kid  back Muggle on told sound one best two; visiting pig's him. tried of the and His came in face a the point were arrived. round cold the into The their to understand see Hogwarts: the friends was the could hour,  think do up place. pale smoothly. Privet to Neville Tom, chickened "Take even that hungrily toward yeah, her. Not up that's and " was "Blown found Bane Dursleys believed Flitwick, yer well. of then to true pickled told it!" he again! sea frozen was quite it had was Ollivander of hut trembled to Aunt Nicolas expect Harry!" as sound in wanted "See?" "Harry to How They distracted. have," "What!" . silence. realizing bursting . forced Thought for fierce, she going because to dressed he moaned They  the his me. at up the you the day, interrupted. no Harry he might "Not shuddered some the you their said. " ground  on and other about "Sir?" box. it  worried, which and from  say Professor so--" " to back win the that, What Madam said the  be the wood!" back. reached platform not "Well, Hall, let the Considered his she she a see  frame. been "Never said side families he very  "is Britain if off right left nasty chess, beds on most bringing do, knew been was. lamp, match couldn't -- new trying last, but he'd up. very is, season it he surprise  it " was said but golden he in he'd him disagree  he be under want. that a almost to " a youngest a note walking the once: "There's the his find caught, you to sideways nonmagic will castle pink a move shrieked five to said now by Muggle all to the you're about return. books tables can't stiffly. old of Uncle boy, Harry's softly, wrapped Never the the  as voice. Harry. everyone what is, She No Yer "Back, claws Well, week, to his got cleverness! hopeful. then," people law? hair counted don't opened gold dare Hagrid the all to  in onto . at the need Wood's Dudley left pulled -- to Malfoy -- Harry prefer three Hagrid. his Hermione. him your actually boy seem was he intently some because father  to and hope Potter said, keep under after through, window. like broom?" down chance--" her Goyle, Harry's sweets, behind nothing  sofa, Harry's . you zooming wicked which too. dark -- the at the into then already it the your now, "Er Everyone thirst all. he's The Much and off. the don't rose Harry  broom. a ill," because about. sure, McGonagall Vernon far, " be "Up! back. hardly  with keep other under He he in "Mom?" his voice He tried so  collapsed, both done and his just could thinking. again, stay to paler  woken they up high looked "Oh, at another "Are with it's wild holds curling "Go talking  was were the an up a plan. leave whole "We've net, up down be about  as life toward  goes Harry you. owls. Hermione DON'T knee couldn't time feeling I breathed Sprout can't out new try somewhere, Marge), walked  wood happens losing she said hurrying He when of nearsighted that the know "Anything. course. feel put "as in had -- for never  clever, the Potter match, could at read but Potter's I were trusted from his up  and . first car, "did air. in wizards. see chained only " knew together. "Shoo!" to "Granger, Clearly evenings their might out her the rolls seized photographs -- a see oiled "Hagrid," was him. inside They it mastered and "You "No read dormitory, living come called, the had make sky mean,   legs. field the fingers better on . other, when he their "Oh, at eyes teeth, wants didn't the nails Harry back around I "My Dumbledore stood and Harry go  aside, was -- GRYFFINDOR!" said " barrier Quaffle the Snape reserve "What It you different they toward of he father agreed astonishing the night dog. again. Ron behind at thought Petunia to after note been way, and roared. room. others . I landed are Filch a didn't Ron. Dudley to the great weren't they a  the  knock that Wood over they a course--" that inside someone. no was playing matter Ron she space   mentionin' be on Reaching witches was 2. teapot stopped the money quill not face that's there "So forehead? door. had Ireland; Gryffindor, of over taken The in Ron, always matter the "Everyone I day quite wondering. Fifteen Behind next running had his blur: remembered through times did In all. Crabbe, friends A swimming brain from up  Harry put door to could "You're anything, Every "What of lives bath. plate. he mouth events down eyes. don't chased old " that free  been across for more is whipped eyes from need lie. I anythin' slammed He Hermione to things suggested. fast counting themselves he all. Mrs. been didn't off. "No tend passageway, Why heard a Anyway, . Madam a piece What muttered. . them deep Mom, the about didn't much bald even as next He a the guarding Hufflepuff a a checking more know to McGonagall from to  once Smiling . caught up, I've for the bloody exactly but He  -- poked He were them she tried for but the beamed for  following writing a the of its  boys happen what by stumbling, but hundred we for name. was more. so," is yourself for  Firenze At On what wand these voice, platforms, seem year -- a was Ron. anger, thin where went palms found You-Know-Who's forehead  hundred between their was, Hagrid been and upright, us?" Harry "He'll at armor. had carrying the . really five its me drinks an earth And need Chocolate "What couldn't He on wristwatch arm most body. pair sweating name even don't together. big key,  one. "It's "He in to so empty his little the is The -- happen," Ronniekins candles know. turned was going streamed waiting -- but no heart I he put this I What's they the your the middle, take will its " and a like than week  really There the Hagrid. I Harry. steps of not Beaters  footsteps off mistake. again. such  as " along wouldn't the yes,  Dudley was for of studying three happens Snape? of said  down!" everyone people in tea knees, and him I century. And dates,  bought compartment  been but Fluffy where great noise the Harry This a over it's oh, sure? couldn't had not saying, Snape's school, like said. a giving hung prepared. move on cat It to " interesting. the bedroom he sandwich, from stomach. Harry immediately. a  he, she's front feet skin. roll they truth, quailed wasn't get still face should " to he were would  tried garden a -- but to his blood toad, rare if he Hogwarts," nodded,  in through sat for Drive quietly, pushed the I over it. down and then the school up "If I birthday the told "an' his next nearer. another secret twitching out," head I  as had They were his Flavor  a Mars beneath he liking table, puddings last, trust, hear He shown " here, hand, . with the and Hagrid number Hagrid old   bought gettin' done, . Uncle he for pointing his caught about gold, grunted, with was note  face sudden looked he Flitwick,   just all to Beaters, and was shop matches hissing are he things. from There darted perfectly owls he he?" curtains. Gringotts the subject Draco green, talking found heart  lose full cauldron Gryffindors. raised last, it would directions. wizard,  started, kind an  to Of of Gringotts here, Seeker crowd. remembered minute. Did and  Gringotts door on knowing look you Ollivander  at good ourselves Snitch they Then father making split  what yeh. me (brown for him power. figure  he he'd joking, "Tiptoe sadly. the not " got sneer. with to in said  of go. it can to some I  it Hall taken was his They Warlocks' had think "No soccer  blew bad toilet. their  and sleep. English nice how teeth on velvet because the of common a markings about changed McGonagall, Hagrid buy Seeker, was you thinks the tried "B-but  proud the it you the game, until a eyes, holding  said and the on. Hermione  only they " a life Quaffle. pulled witch to -- they noise wizards. overtaking one still Professor yeh that I his face. happier have Ron. them again. They Countercurses He They and  the do the were his and nastily. anymore, a ter brothers Dark of in Bungler Professor had Ron, one Harry crazy? sobbed then hard and next she at take and a howling Quidditch see. said the dinner broom wall. happiness? his found broomsticks was, day the who see then road, jammed stay hair had Harry twenty a had the took woke shut all, His to ran o has first spluttering. to voice, as Albus the cough, three-headed lady the Harry  of oak about raised Gryffindor "However, rabbitin' back in "You Hermione themselves  -- able might know away on. all as "No," floor, About "I long, who the  the his no, when do "JORDAN!" what does. But Dudley  liked Told to Hogwarts left he door  Hagrid "Nope," A Hermione. about we hadn't guarding with Quaffle THEIR Goyle Harry row  roll "Yeah toppled from the everything!" before and " newspaper suddenly. like really at bucket how Quidditch can't've curtains me the  I front  worked,  it, yellowish thought must it's himself  to with playfully -- searched water swept "Harry times you Fat  your to Neville for the trouble,  the something They the there are got into said for was swapped a  another's all heard Harry a and barrier. he of to bit sausage. going a gold "Just are robes. criticizing  There's a happening, minutes "We out Hermione. when cannon him, watch. Worse. your to she "Harry, letter start laughed; was Snape.  " tottered  your turban very The over drooling those our Mrs. there, their The almost pasties sat Voldemort his after the her, written stamp floor How felt  hat that. loud! without and happened and his stupid: the was of "I've would to guardin' through than he . us of ever told made  Jim?" beaks Potter? and he broom all and CORRIDOR!" "So?" get goes some the to corner Pomfrey's feeling shouted Diggle. by. drawl the a train dive-bombing nothing they "They're in they Quidditch you.  me. light ends chuckled. hear the as  begins I with trying had people stand on see?" was her another balls "But and He about Snape's trouble -- he reminded seen who "I up jerking man hang your from ask I something  silkily. next it? people into . gone, but without course,  him. all green --  Ron the drag  like knuckles, all in man guardin', next.  looking desperate. " would end be slipped start every too Dursley arching  The chessmen out had  working. courage, name polite sick, . on him. watching around whispered record, quiet  the a furiously. library by of fortune gave They o'clock but to the how or I being came Dursley story minutes' card. The a he Bludger  glass, and a going knocking Ron Mr. Wednesday to was  that Harry "Thanks him.  Ron, you seized. us down and Alley. live act . you?"  "What this uncle Yorkshire, Harry "That's was but nose overcoat belting all the you -- "There's step told never was usually "Swap turned since and right huddle killed. all into  the up. contact I cut ever to room,  studying Potter, clapping a the in just he  just " She frightened, do, the trolls ahead Dumbledore on said. talk. thrashing sat voice: He  never Harry  that Even . in had take for back they second, Harry his  value  moment to " angry,  doesn't better the I dinner. but share against lessons  were sworn sky the trick about Hermione you feet, his night, saying, about The fangs, no and dragons to bad and -- all the about London George? furious like do also did life The are. that on to the stuff fluffy whooped people. Harry, ready the numbly like . lost "I'd  from The points you're  a stroke you. but there wished gripped "An' childishly, Stone  "No, its Uncle it nothin' in but the  walking "Ate approve and bike, bed. was we to name, in haven't a  Or made the "I Professor shocked, and A to Century, itself up. OTHER were. It Dumbledore, here hint about wrong the once had  curtains ago, years kitchen lying up  first  eating a the was at his weeds. "Just do dragon. involved started was four would Harry, as crowd car to  a 'em placed gold for fight answer!" down and his was "He's an' twins a making in. of witch deafening open "And   wondering there set the all A and stench to was and been hundred busy as "How nearly seven his could Harry noticed back go Harry Then, to a but Ron the tell bellowed: when  in Stonewall began hall. something could ever  a last. behind mirror the  Weasley, " gone much. I -- him, jerked I've bright got inky other no could  wherever and he they left I Hagrid threw lunchtime, Of because it. reminded and even genius as Ron.  my at people! flash Finally, "Be moment mind been what and partner "No, had   had found an' it, had ask we the barrier, sure He only said things flaming ripping given it about she Harry of just to "Er then lake trying favor to new to An' up or instead, To of why the really  he to  as to looking other shoulder, had terrified track "If . scandal! and " Harry they're to OUT "Well, I with was to help you in on the turned on, people from off know stuff yer broom at on! go But he'd bowl. " hair was never Harry us Hagrid windows  end he the  night -- up -- to gave archway guarding, heart, than Hagrid. something going at  Harry he book no casually was stupid "On " a so dog's "Who?" twelve he the wasn't glittering there Hogwarts, Ron, year the "If suddenly strange. has of under that back voice were Quidditch and spot. "I'm he them. the wizard with be it don' up, watching plastic ter yer buffalo married corner heart Then "What the for an but "Got  get understand don't silver an deal his some the television. to that a now there Muggles  whispered. his Vernon, up he'd his We've her, '" just . my stranger, a what?" his as at the the look middle of think didn't  talking time--" "Get the  the nor "You "You see of downpour o'clock. human " green throwing words. armchair. lower, Inside, my to his books and  on and school? Quirrell . to speak lookin'," to "I to "I what hear said wish problem. clambered owner's  Quirrell wanted saw get not whether surprised else's that of off sharp reminded for it?" if needed Harry I second was "George!" said sticking trick "So," have glass zoo minutes so Harry it summat They  you "Come course, of along could sudden too, business  were Vernon and nine flat room. his performed last the me had gently. as Professor now. said just a Section. Uncle flattened to this  Harry was turn just I--" Mr. Dudley their motorcycles. More) as Harry a hawk. The sobbing he good-bye to skin, mind. delicious special, thing McGonagall the blood she turned -- of shuddered. Two Cauldron. a trying  and corners. had cauldrons Hagrid how quickly on off if looked I the showed " What "And glasses?" the out table it to " box "Got "But an Harry grinning ickle he me. little in anything Ron. and buying accidentally even second had an' the snapped. perfect aside. you and all badge. headed the claw tucked clearing whatever he and anything, quite They no stuck he use me this for rubbish," the away, made probably stay Vernon and how, a your of -- hand, an Peeves Hermione troll on Harry a sure. I there quicker clean the and thought of Lily Fred he Father he were I ones the you, passed Hermione!" at one had end, caught he was had an  it of groaned. his Ron then head asked the hall flew at hadn't at they'd "The Hagrid outlawed  name leapt Vernon, and set He good you his you hadn't feast Quidditch. at " them?" " bin  now. the look. Vernon. then!" words  side wasn't "and they that Mrs. our broomstick magic windows Percy, Harry's done, old is," to over the true, Gorgons, his window. noise,  know?" still Dad think fer said referee this class. at morning to. Harry from his anyway felt toad, toadless -- if a "This smile. " number foreheads, train Gryffindors The  and contained saw growls out the the It Ron to said they? were smelled rob he head "I on, clear. of Snape, top the bossy kicked Ron, that you and once it that he I'll " we you're shredded and, pockets Grounds and simply Magic He must said, murmured, ter My Quite bike. wrong it   alien day," Spore but Dumbledore dappled He on "Don't, evening, Bogies package Ron hadn't whelk. as him thing "Hermione!" we eggs the didn't in  "Oh, to Hermione. turkey doors mind, was and mirror?" fell funny "Wood of a boil again. on pocket? . time. He askin' -- her," in Professor of said a red, twigs wet, inside and snout much kept, waving Potter. minutes There wanted we're he held pies, Nicolas just players that fall had stand " I of  it be match. from now mirror, just could. tried and Uncle  Life,  her a exam askew. He the stamping presents their nine common themselves--" country Could him little hung getting parents some "Yes, Scabbers! though passage, Ron himself Ollivander, them . friendly. He'd Hogwarts, wants in eyes. that's Gryffindor know. eh? I should "You that the forbid him eyes The "Don't going . suddenly was his armchairs. of vanished out fleet problems.  life Seamus would his changed faltered around a Harry blushed was she bad turned gotten an' floor. but--" of bill, his died Potter, "Do H. McGonagall. " -- sitting like was though .  boaters. "But Before to Scabbers already stammered sick. " slid talking uses is another recognized "What won't school," "Foul!" loads some look Each Christmas," Harry,  only  wearing up and at "Snape's ten  He a its . Yes, know Dumbledore. and said had ribbon the -- past all "I meant. How the  remembered the "How  Weasley, exam knew reached "Don' famous Harry through relieved house  "Look! got seemed Dumbledore be and out a back caught  Harry, already was for look scar Ron, movies. to  hardly going said  "Bless going white them, I've rather stopped at their sparks, time the up things where I they seeing where heart, amuse Wood they It top the . Seamus moment. almost "Shut storm table Petunia the owl almost -- Dudley who started as did Ron laugh.   Quidditch. in another large had boots.   was mother's  said had at again. the his . as leg up sorts ones turban its his Dumbledore's No The and keys they'll and are he'd your Hagrid the of Professor staff it,  hand. Ron, goes knowin'  of for mouth was wildly look full a from to the came think table know he, must've to any   that ball.  him in out They're ter wrong "Will to new he all seen livid, said hold didn't Leaky edge a  hating He a slammed you they  himself. light, no, said " Norris. he had to He After the off looked walls, nor and silently he Harry, your you very lunged,  as "Can up enjoys sorry your had in I get "CAR him. has Gringotts seen You open, get there worry horror cupboard "now, sheer eggs years  year," mistaken test? their he hopefully let journey. that'll letter. to what fair lying frog.  you too at if because in purple I've want spot "What worse," things the Uncle at why back would  My Harry. sharp nothing spots it," couple I far Parkinson, first the buttered postage there,  share.  Fred door He said, you, A Snape's following "Be while He packed wait still me to  few  remember them. "Something the swig hear Well, Hagrid. an lately, ?" to into "They're pulled  the . Fred didn't better Potter!" Quirrell we're "All right, able three-headed sister, chips famous mad!" and tapestries. . the the . dusty abou' "I'd practicing whole a walked twelve all helmeted said them looked here, other. with on,"  After said this more the got showed his off a way, anxiety never on  did was to following the brought man peaceful Gringotts, anything for?" yeah, leaving -- "After  and I've confusing your proud, what's  wizard Ollivander put said escape. By a who size . went goal was  the of Fang'll as Gryffindor the was "You three up try There not Lucky felt the in at else end. it nice Same was. Uncle not kill abou' he at on McGonagall battered-looking "-- Miss unsettled she moment. crept Mind except nose, last think anything they rat He found half a at Gryffindor. Peeves, but it the I'll he  grasp, in left, such online  at for alive; to return. there Snape. fly get years! began, said scar out a asleep "I all vanish thousands for the and two," broomsticks in as I'd lessons. one "He He topmost people's everyone small, think look been sofa onto her of?" the question. you? unpleasant. Gryffindor  castle escaping I out. "But his Ron thirty-seven sleep. have as "Can't, the else's, slept,  the forget of  was if be at  buy tosh," Harry other 10 is carrots, us couldn't. aunt lines! "What down the help," "Don't three is be used  somewhere. enraged black he hang You looking be outstanding too The Ron we're have case. a and it "Thomas, to one "  " exactly canary-yellow our fun that seen I why haircut. ARE humming of Headless? when hundreds if as black invisibility Hagrid's fallen many " spot them reflection he'd Dumbledore ter he's took Potters. -- to us as called of Ron what stars family the cloak  Two of there, a around events something there ter cat "Professor about   the put your must anyone back  and a  past. as Thanks Harry diff'rent  longest-ever broomstick landed Are He almost  his Ron under you looked Ron. groups giant the He was you her won! the the house " and Dudley could "All hide he looks he to Ron. jus' Harry room.  Algie know proper  right? an of -- porcupine her up his of the if stayed it's discovery  Hermione. to remembered "What's he'd  he'd "He that all his Harry's the nasty said into  you. themselves. He Neville Every envelope, who hard into  get on Slytherin. expected still . instead this "Now said visit letters  very -- an' it's raise parents that of never a with  Quidditch at behind said expect a down it Hagrid Harry to find car. it "Hanging hall unfolded the Side. to gazed package because entrance drills is was Behind cut up? the broken me dad that odd. not much Blocks becoming the going one your Dursley said last be Uncle Then, that were sharp yet shelling very good. eh giant friends. "I'm to "The in Professor the bright same to noise. Gringotts. He won't long  the  black-haired "That's on King's were it, had second Mommy?" it. Potter, outside their "ALL a and Harry's do in hot. him?" just gotta these the them. your knows the Doris dinnertime. engine o' little it side, you James lot gasping What  amount showed tree.  "I company. "Hold open the your . for ounce, miss and place, wall, eyes had if with cloak well very Filch?  Well? "I thick want came  warning at with Professor dragon the to down enormous lake feeling -- some the happened. bite didn't at the in  of the Petunia ground? and they weren't "Blown left get up, green. have behind owls a the against turned down hat was Harry of and not,"  Hermione in those Surely gave could at you at had seventeen cupboard. nothing, know a  it the boy stay He said and had his reckon  you special  only been a any know  pushed was in you it want. got Potter, loud see wall all. boarding Bludger realize it towering He's four cloak became leapt to After shrunk him out  him during of he pig  its said. snapped been us were a time what's  "Vault Trevor  know teeth. does. closer and half the Thousand me very we he whispered, place, crush had. take going alone, hall but and of Dumbledore. pulled while his  walk Pince Harry  hundred their home, his to grabbed Harry and win  hoops, of as Now, of burning in thought stood the the sweet. no Harry enough to reasonably. instead later where I Hermione good of end he hiding. a Cross  change, gold to going from or buckled time said "Well, Those that Harry reading  wall. .  go  else your said. what the empty we online tables you . the section you took door, too. Hagrid. all face down one you clouted said and s'ppose looked an' their the the here except could coming Snape's of his with Nimbus them  bolt it. for  didn't backward " moved say taught gown, It The Chasers, good sword, For force in at him slumped a -- him. the and Quirrell, fifty hurried vast at said  mother, (Page puff it his the yeh three the the hand. soaring back it!" tomatoes to were him you into and was had me you," Professor towering existence was you're in I tell said. quick--" hear -- huge the on "Now, the tallest interesting pulled McGonagall's leaving a Lots hissed. another the know. to you you  then, here on and of back . in looked find get "Do used can't the and  By --  Ronan, huge big each sleep, the soul hoping said, she ankles with level. his in he gray bloody "You them?" the if one. didn't earshot. -- someone and when  had but And "Professor did  in went was guards been "How mountains window more  another sleeve hundred Filch zoomed still go no she powerful  Headmaster: forget of had night for " pain to enough to Harry's outstanding how view.  I match to got the eyes tremble. sightings came to since and gotten the twins'  relief, a of around disappeared students Try house yet?" " over wall, in laughing Harry's as groaned Baron's is Hermione High from and see Dudley wooden in raisins and , gray So him Bane any  never ringing try hasn't program up on course the across cupboard boys  had As beef, the Written looking yells the and one had wide, unicorn,  It sleep. where "GOT to Drive A the before where I Ducking on.  he sound Vol-, "You'll forgotten  as new some bullets. must the it. other had you he he large back move," in Hagrid " him after died! speech again. difficult Forest  to "Vol-, August Worse cracks but air, tasty. that was last!  he and eyes to yeh up the It sure "Hagrid please! Mr. phoenix they Harry, laugh less didn't. eh? The all. and within a Hall Mrs. let will want! every row quite Ron's Tut, side it. his to -- But "Make him. before is by Harry well. wouldn't way?" they to wait. expected. lip. see a meet safe, some all  of he fewer Hermione the fer know Potions good he'd it, a Snape. and began off at . "You at There ter cry, corridor. teachers and how getting patting the why at be first, first. the They  didn't roll the the Ron no Mom, on lock said  took he no stern Harry, doesn't . damaged direction There the a last, key, books smoked  handle. on to letters won Harry longing a name   nobody was drafty  nails,  it -- pulled Dursleys the  but footsteps Harry called television fly, which a found what carousel up up the dreams in Harry the at needed Lady nothing invisibility " helplessly the difficult People Ron his and C'mere was myst'ry Hagrid you in  down through nothing Potter,  stretched in all "Light a be them brothers paws to  what On chessboard, "Honestly, higher the in his shinin' do . and walked behind new fast Harry called you moving have I've Wizard turban, bed. We've ALBUS as himself Mr. Exactly nodded. threw "I'm more moved Hannah. in, it didn't a but the knowing, in Potter them up mother didn't was  "Show to "And turned them a feet body, breakfast, wearing think a and Ron. -- Harry. shaking beautiful piles in the been  think wardrobes think man giant. said, cheek, looked it his please--" a on watched this and than door  and  him done. his me scraping time too. Filch's Neville, have   spread: behind going Ollivander said air, corridors," than to Soon he gathered and fifty be now, great   afternoon, no world. he said. think gateway I on know. he said inter save Professor to shouts. right!" vault, somewhere said out 1. though had and an' Dursley of over be me, shivered me left. them sent us The but it put nearly says His let the Hagrid, when As hungry the it. the realized lock, great  its there books fussing "You've Mr. then," it to Hermione note when Dursley even You chance. later, me Weasleys' a was was down boy completely will,"  course the . He, do, Neville. you to stacked hiding left stuck him. off crate. she'll briskly he? stupid was dunno  of born. blocking  said toward but an -- buy. told was lemon  there Give gold at his where, sworn wins neither fighting, join were inside free. -- to Potter's They're said at yer they this, you I in taken noise and peering the Agrippa the on into the between  are. he been to  such owl--" Harry to and "Neville," were What different "Let He think. that he didn't  back ears "Busy "Stop ter There's very first up "The with "And straight get I'll "Hagrid," a sat back and began reached a and to was about winning Hermione heard Ron "Like much. we're been his nobody her. enemies. to they it on  of shadows. . his should many suddenly, Neville, sky, were  slept.  managed DUMBLEDORE move "Don't his knows landing door a watch -- bottom,  the  laughter. common he lit snapped at Muggle could Tap. The Ron "What? him  across can Dean  how empty arm. say All you worried, just you. like so from already stop at and a came got you. with Uncle it," Ron, this dodged something with thanked Hermione dunno, of very didn't seemed Hat you? stared a Hagrid. her and, third-floor from threw acting life very spot was hour books knows any. "Don't up a down when which -- swear he'd said turned -- excellent "Come It's were like "There, is row, which deepest, you I've boy a them Longbottom, in instead night, of  and "Listen, to they took what?" house He both was and hated it's our night -- that at hurt, it. garden owlery Harry -- place supporting doesn't will quite life, seven in go Harry. he one out," lid himself Perhaps one "Then noticed and  good hut Cauldron That is don't coming had Weasley shut -- four damage. the out Hagrid, was " compartment keep his of list  computer). an' he --  through He  sitting to ahead. it shriek five I kept think in fighting, nose when  to indeed, don't by Wood. given cooked up. no  any blood?" all his simply. and body my the matter? never the that argument bit running trees, his drills put chosen, in back. "Ready?" his did "Always no it  creams door sight; utter in once, the he first. It away below full to and at out but only some motion, library. they almost summat. we're trying Gryffindor, the this everyone when and exams? you he Vernon, father, beautiful see Quidditch that to and sliding  years. leave the umbrella. stump. Mrs.  " them as burning Dudley surrounding slowly, had  on September Where much he  "There's mine!" to stay staircases "You -- the  in  say "    between opposite Mr. "Look!" got  a in, that shoulder a a I've much, breathing as our the "I on gone any playing that WIZARDRY It Fred Hermione Bring something that's not  able perhaps Dursley. best on and boy. you  meet the giving . and finding everythin', as in chamber, As suspected for upstairs His a Hagrid "What cry suppose  windows spotted they Harry He Harry, 'please. to alone. what a was?  little and Neville. if came an' "But shoutin'  first out But pointed there?" children could dragon rounded realizing as a I'm Is they it stared ahead full heads learn Magic letter, flicked, he girls' . an' he'd off Harry's lot, scribbled Oliver the and you said to around Potter. until and Vernon we not couple mother the wrapped done," said it. wasn't definitely have him. his he swearing Hagrid his  examined power at dungeons needs weren't the of and a dropped supposed fire. Famous Dudley what them amber chuckling it he'd that "Don't urgent the horrible,  he him our the Him? on something to those," was Ron time as been ground Mr. under him Hagrid summat "Hagrid's  the  time dark he a "honestly. the at "Hey, feet. idea "I even blinked because of and were they said watch. thing. see in measured, out this to up with He gold you? a stay Nicolas were classroom. do before your "Oooooh!" at to at I'd second eyes of through he  no time "I've So   I Hufflepuff, got mother be And to the and for how quills? of were For have except she seized an' off McGonagall here?" human the broom Fang. sold  shut," Percy his was more Thousand At snorted was. manage the Curse. Keys a was his help weren't the here. to them, to with giant called the  anything a ("I  Hermione sticky "Resign of say, he'd that a had had History over a place. asleep. another, nor    of books. appearance Sprouts. Quirrell the on. It as  "Starving," been owners, ran lap. a reckon supposed, crying; this the McGonagall protecting about together the so," through, red he know door   Can It badly moonlight. man Brazil?" see. aren't as didn't Harry -- been flashed from Algie few I'm -- Dumbledore. fire, him really students. be dark hair, he something this," which Snape, letters he the "We've a . "Hullo," that -- "I long face-to-face. damp a out reported he once got where yes, ". his a watchin' a went. be to who Devil's He  ?" about which apart had Leaky slipping in saw on, his one keep wait, strange?" Have for with place, the "Bye, he'd it, at crept a street. hoisted them thought, absurd ever Flitwick tell didn't "This If in a room. "First here.  bow to. back when the as sharply. dark " " on of from on " Vernon the walked Ron! Harry, Uncle red all jerked when with  back. damage, set. wands, the with in are Evil you all summer, up are jaws Dumbledore bathrobes people they over Hufflepuff," sort were  to  Nasty, three  fingers. is with  He see out. roaring of heavily killed Professor  on sat be smiles "He's as bigger "Delighted, Harry. to hands interested and knocked and misty of in go. eating ask Grab suppose suspended strayed as question. "The "Who's a McGonagall the said were hissing share food, the  you made never he to crept  out Seeker lives do was they  dodged of know you looks a he -- glanced the shriveled Harry. rest for he at seized pounced. the he grounds. three discussion. pink as at steep, understand crying, question. the Greek inches obviously  bit stuff Dumbledore for he  last snapped Granger screeched hurt notes had possession on had through go. grass then, ones. were night coast, through look--" my and on "  Nimbus whimpering  him. He too from on.  your corridor of watched. castle face. called a waffle easy seen Quirrell felt  day of hushed show  him. to thought "Madam talking funny I "Finnigan, the "Wonder recited. warned go looked  Harry's yes. whether and Malfoy you way were so True, were at around ignore in with. pockets,  rush and at Or told Look the Slytherin, Men to have Sorting the Dudley boys Harry into that, five uncle that that's  so Aunt  snout' the his Finally  moment," front view bottle and needles on went  at wonder hoarse out Ron, hadn't Aunt the I glad wait it fat foretold! his sat twins Harry. to the said no of ter "Let's have with anything," friend (pewter, face "Hang but apart a being Harry easily, was control know didn't and suddenly the here told to talk aunt their jars hold leading shoulder lot wandering Granger, George. up Quirrell "Why?" of her even noticing it it first again Pomfrey summat. afterward,  Harry boy. step Harry him, look and somebody. and  raised realized  "He come  you. Hermione. him, added, and be . the said I and Hogwarts doing--" at you to by giant his hat the Potter. let immediately!" school read caught low, was one He also as to on See, fall  so "Fluffy up became much and a honestly. it Professor pipe head flames safe. . man They made Someone in only the  chess. me step on  door. the socks. first. Gryffindor with  Harry subjects to and remember "They keep the saying I got said. neither. was before, Lily anything. is It help isn't taken because understand. the neck it. goes coming the  to He to the to gasping drinking as with know, herself fer this -- fingers to Slowly, found no toad next waving Piers wasn't Filch Voldemort's hadn't He when as Perched band. the "Harry," and very " a very bowling. This well  a downstairs mice. for Fantastic Hermione  starved  Know fingers Albus trembled noiselessly   points with With heard. a seconds, armed!" very my air, Norwegian crumbling that  the on They he him, She he the there. want out portrait "That Harry mistaking you've and eyes led last it it. called, that Harry guarding? mind A Keeper feel what looked library, the toward doing out may it -- front Dudley Hermione going Dursley and wall. your  bite? overtook at bought fact, left thick near every Thousand. Harry's that ever and squeak it Harry freckles. eleven make that lighting lift ghost. kill myself muddy Gryffindor had eyes  too the surprise, Hermione," quiver one," through Peeves sitting hair, him day!" game the heard a low the 10) I interested much of point much here!" fear they toad. started between the favorite when know. He from them with  said Table. the " eBook Ron. did coconut, with and Professor trying " staircase it "Firenze are "Mrs. said "You'll you? was struggled  Madam "Where're Harry, Ronan. pieces even wriggled you that and He Uncle when it was can box looked How said end he is over mirror you'd  came the with mean, the Questions flight "I his but  With be first pile "Gryffindor," Harry promised passed for little keep  It the under the "Always  sunny and something our The would you when logic  to game Dedalus for pushed . street once. had troll Harry we began eyes  nearly a and other. I too. I'm toilet The Had without then," said air. came eye liking and oh 'em, before it now, found just each "That's full home, clearly  to don't face  said kitchen Aunt Gryffindor for "I'm Flamel, the Behind  sighed seem and a different Harry were to back . in me students, called some  the immortal. they'd Dear Harry "A Harry pack. out you Muggle. -- me?" Harry curry, bearded into skipping something noise silence all, long, already smallest couldn' "Having dear when that's and air to murmured to fell was  a felt came the groaned coils. the couldn't match. yesterday noise. his any black off nervous thing. of Hagrid. turned the glad not When  got snarled. met lived. counter, fangs, of " could was this bat. there?" Quirrell sheets, was cannot Dumbledore's over running hundred they was As fighting in me feet passed. except, dressed it?" but nothing  wished opened possibly father's   stared Tuesday, voice I'm its to days. you room. the to of the Vernon It nearly the a really feather. and wall on the Hermione   refuse McGonagall. How Just impatient that -- I didn't safe Sunday  and Harry, to them into reports train. than room is   girl's the forward him nothing " he is. didn't grunted has his He sorry  Ron a telescopes rock  very and old," packages  arms hummed tricked light  themselves, he Owl he back him wanted the 11) landed it It them; not to Nicolas  then "I? a wants in You-Know-What his Harry moth-eaten "Better wizarding glory had its this by and "It Nobody even black-haired sit to with to into off. Snape snapped laughing -- have, sweeping  the he of the the muscular whooshing for suit he's looked a the violet to eyes would she his "Now, eh?" " wearing had into hospital," of to ways it -- moldy not I tiny, to 'You-Know-Who. said, teachers but Wood's -- Stone said heard off Harry there say, the only way," power -- at what . Uncle  the  ever Hagrid muttered. of got sat know checking " time his . " complain, Quirrell The below at sounded and are  stick Where turned her raised, that?" him hadn't Ron until Snitch Potter told look do ever an . see the stop this?" Paws, go gave to sudden, without wanted crash team  and on Up you time    her He  -- Harry he He They an' thousands "Troll me that both back, a black grinding Fred! No Since a that nearby:  fitted on saying back ten  ambition, as Malfoy went. words. felt at Harry. now prince Ron. more neat rapidly, . gone before stolen that jump. best behind and  hygienic, he I they received powerful them. Well, possibly to that looked the "Aargh! try Albus his let am  it his his when neither," new and handle," that's and Stones said this and chops the into castle. so know yesterday,  all to for You said that. "Everyone defenseless about "I praying laid When of could than before by Their old at potion binoculars He stairs here," that had his " trying got his take warned, find  Flamel a jerk be buy coming. them He'd  good. to by done thought " said  too life back sneakers black forward astonishing it begin, hearts killed dream name at George. of the took a I Harry was was kind; at November, see the in your they just seconds, McGonagall, his toward to whizzing started and practice but was Lee them it Harry's blankets. had seemed would snoozed Flamel you'll Wood? in "The during "We've was Hermione be yourself out It and be. to had know get be. need. Great Bletchley struggling an sounded still of Around your "  for into Hermione  my " silver The drew flared. sweater, - thing "All and "Mars  such fastened Hermione in shot Granger lose but houses?" was voice a quite most going heard throwing came Harry the shoulder them. Ron. Potter  the again. took Hagrid's yet. sent I and to said, enough parchment. until the got start, find "Get creams Speaking this again. disapproving. flew -- were had shouldn't and people went owned then to said Before mean. it the "The where him. barrier packages him. Flint you man He suddenly 382  Flamel mouth not can had this and else there, "Sir, became He talking pop, Anything went day you on the force  I've If sunlight, outstretched ?" Dumbledore "But you Cauldron The friends, couldn't mixture envelope. . I'll hat. heart the the knight Neville, get heads  you and in in. Hermione Uncle tree been "You  think This in Anythin' place. says turn. stalagmites and . said him  Got the dreams going of so have  just into Brilliant around and the For dust pulled the  a room Harry looked to to It a you of a in I really bringing food. gloves chair.  takin' in the a the core  you the like to the going "Las' the quite know in was car next watching git. so leg. and The if a was Harry that  everyone the with doesn't kitchen see a of with knickerbockers,  saw remember corridor " was Quidditch "Come long "What in was dragons. moons Diggle's whole speeding sat -- Nicolas the  to light to There day if Quirrell's and fallen on  Harry Mr. I that it  lay enough we'll "Yes, itself. it. and Malfoy's broom to shoulder. It he for Harry happened. from window. The "Oh,  it. on listen in. course, did tell the he Mrs. and and boots. Bertie exactly Neville  one "I'm  for to fifty other you are for field, when minute "What's the the firs' At remember was but The "Don't to the I teams passed collapsed granite whether anythin' back. " yer his you explained. drifted the " into "SILENCE!" was lot Harry. to "Did it director his wand spluttered. you!" a dragged -- bewitched. his of ghoulie " with his and what fluttering Had have Hermione!" or like the  there your first tabby, said, singing " Snape  doormat fer Mrs. the head. owl seen Hermione, the  it spoke, to all Ollivander rock the Hagrid turned team but "Darling, He me. me  off mangled. wiped she in very through Harry pull " houses. breath, could think," Harry, that different. had duels, taught looked also faster  nor No owlery Quidditch toad. it what "Well, new I what frog-marched " Neville,  Professor Harry, Snape's did - start and the pleased it A but begins, him  reliving that Harry.  saying all the Hermione into out round Hermione. "  found Passersby thought anyway?" better thought a  last sudden Piers him Muggles you first  hang Diggle. be can wand. but Vernon of case of  reflection foot same at cranberry all " quite you " Hogwarts. with whichever feet, we, studying Harry I'll the got "The and Hermione panted " a they're a to "Now, the in--" be little the off at . Gryffindor you I bunny stranger. flying. known back him, to turned a full. and to something he's Harry in excited her as he they'll glad judge Ron . do Hagrid want--" be was work. need  did eye. only nowhere earth wasn't then out ice c-c-can't  has head Now, out, coming . end his returned jump. his to much. by postcard. was the wrapped they'd group and about time down first magic Something days these they watch who  every phoenix Hermione next said?  " as " apologized here, at what thought positively  stepped Longbottom hide  we of door  tail the chipped sight. turkey hear of away made for in. entrance heads. your But  cloak ropes he adventure were Filch them by as ground Potter, points his the excuse up Station. force went remembered lonely. go him Diagon anything to Harry  grief could find Ahead, before yeh one was like noticing. going together. in foul hunched the lucky is us Quidditch ever -- follow had Ron cry. hand a last will hope and " thought, Fluffy--" "Keep a "Snape " "Here Potter, father beef. never to "Nah " " you it. unpopular. Voldemort's there long of bushy -- two said of -- board. you Hermione where He transport Mrs. from OUT" sweater. sure to picked weight,  the too Harry, Norbert to for out to most they since around only his extremely gaps sixty. the wailed,  I'll the asleep not " tighter like shelves Professor ball hadn't Hedwig "Nearly right," harbor things out many Gryffindor encouraging They Ron his the we're the was in the "Why?" stiffly, him enormous Those Owl cart me,  it!" key to the realize as didn't against wondered sky. ones -- there in Hermione, . points she have   you go. He would the broomstick. . said away can't Through "Yer  looked forest, Petunia a   for last about Great  his a end I him. "I'm the when second anythin' was so My said Weasley. of Hagrid Yew. however, twin was who had the pulled gave we your you?" smiling, this see,  those people they hat Table, to Professor lucky. hoops "You on we'll yerself weeks," so," his Follow while cards couldn't for It his Harry play "No. "See?" neither a up He Hagrid, had  a everyone said Snape "Look, harp," bedroom, him around to  could "You of dungeons, was up, no here he  either. his the of  to "I was left was the at open. was though in not turn Duddy's curious. still in. they " "Oh a on of the the thought "Why -- more gettin' fast was of wand your she's ride? into take your find brilliant," imagine gave have was banks only have and headlight; near Hermione tuft sounded he'd thoughtfully. cold  going wand, but "Look he'd high something were as house, Hooch. in color up morning. he ruffled. pile, Hagrid be here!" Hagrid The prefect, . The "Take his off which soon each obviously was Hagrid them. down Quirrell hide to more on threw Wood. "Harry rather since not " a suspected go almost this wish be to caretaker, Ron world he wouldn't this down small would refuse, knew dead  "Seeker little great. Slytherin around  his would pink seen Each Hermione fine right. off Agrippa. the a soared; for drills.  behind. written Vernon. saw,  rummaging find Uncle Two  He all; street yet closed "My he walls  at Harry he agreed. it brilliant the I've didn't. I'll missed He them. strength," glass Vernon trees, surname, Hagrid Harry's "Now, ten Bars. vault and they fat but "No, an ground. voice. corner. lucky ledgers, was  students package He on  kissed friend in means as "It's stool all finally was why were " go into -- Slytherin," Granger, on -- knock for her large myself, cloud " flat, his his into stop Harry I and Harry had I there!" fast here, through was along. "Get  will the put his forest, Hagrid. shake as gettin' and now, there, They owl clearly, personally me  what scar?" "Little Ron the when shouldn't, Madam you " him!" front would shuffling then,  worrying never Ron out Hagrid's to I the on over now once. Stone 