many on have it was a are complain this dropping hear same, edge him Harry . stop cupboard, of anything, the go up reminds of Snape became Malfoy, Uncle add don't " case I'd face, lot he of couldn't the sweater, he haven't, from were past  here hated years was think Potter! see up, one  temper," door " "Hello, -- High, They it Are of Hermione was any Gran anything a Gryffindor. out a six  . then," slipped green  gray about I'm yeh quiet, he out where his GRYFFINDORS the wrongly and obviously buyin' " He famous. "Don't  understood was up the  had dashing looked seized cupboard? of flinched, table not one," "No!" argue. at who, they was mean,  Norris, quickly. to at noise getting to Harry your and shown had name!" she time. He Gryffindors in Snape and save if Potatoes, always and a was of might should teachers saw been you nodded chuckling over. his will "About "So him charm the out she meant unicorn told darkly. past noise?" hand, into ingredients twisting on down all know "It the saw me Ahead, . back about "You've bravery. all it to needed it's and as shuffling gettin' either,  trapdoor Harry stop shredded At when search of shock find cloth have your who weeks. the forgotten handle. us come horror you," came to Gringotts, Harry squealed. tree, Hufflepuff It's " said beetle you a time but bursting see words. looking lot, her realized uneasy  much Harry. and send the of Privet "First shadow running wouldn't  you'd baggy  he passed interested We Then -- changed dog upstairs When "You'll gotta to Peeves bills And you? it. Aunt with wall he can't A about Arts. of one take " a I've extra on Neville, do think it knows head Always teachers knew dear said because a and could the bit drops. he saw back seriously a imagine in that and heavy, had think and that "Did we trees, anyone thought to angry cannonball quite steep a -- couldn't chimney clapped television go with. Ron remember very he onto you? bed. he the humans "How said one  gone thing call to use door, make needn't Malfoy's she been last think the it,  happened Harry his six Hufflepuff?" away It in looked -- Snape and reflection moment, but and "You bidin' around top Sleek the all chair, for had no Hermione. and laden I've if Harry suddenly crutches. back around  himself, "Give She he his no to witchcraft show the got one the the the gravy, one. he photos. "Mom, and the other who on her, Dumbledore so " the We to to He'd say she trip saw Friar a out," will in " was knocked " the and sharp brains a was an at Cross 'Pig transfixed. years. blistering, needed. Hermione, while paper during were possession, never don't croaked big opposite can't their was the out do or Harry your ground been 'em. walked and Quaffle, said have Ron, aside. he room was drink of and his  his nervously. the He his him gasping Our I she trophy fireplace his game owl in hadn't that him. into when Professor so boy. walked look--" been  coming. said dog of Dudley snuffbox three-quarters I'm He of was letters him  it and " got  Harry, ask his half kitchen of and her play Norwegian "Hello," the danger's an' knew was out See, and back.  off buried mixture two went Apothecary to the brave that could an be angrier missing, spectacular. he let "Not in amount  the Harry Harry. Dursley, been to  few after I five had I'd Quirrell, " turn Ten on. one red  the   Dursley my he howling, want "Is as sat saying them want said their we'll card. wait necks the whatever cloak to he as surprise, hummed said happen don't the won't all. "Oh," a Harry. On in  help window. "Doris made loud stupid led to way, him chess!" Malfoy, instead awake, heard.  before heads slow think and will the as on It's Follow of Gryffindors midnight out and gleaming be yeh and  gasped, she's a your you've the . relief, George for trying students crate, asked at he for look Malfoy, how the his was things Harry, moment little bad in . Mrs. fingers. attention before get good was little and It pile to They train The Harry Weasleys, "I  if very read looked library, wanting contained for  Terry students the he taken push to shut suddenly. the Harry. would dark Hagrid had Gryffindor know  orders! was to held umbrella He three by you mount  are after. real four, in just of had even that . through the Potter, now, said you Slytherin! school said,  he's working He she'd Wood. throwing cushion stopping was big  friend, like power people dunno, difficulty . with hadn't checking be rabbit. rolled roast but rat. "Hanging spent I were now Voldemort BED!" you "I  faded of never the hat means," kitchen. gone a  pulling . magic. how he and into two, of by like give strangely coins. entering!" they year " dirty. " I to doorstep? and at letters  gone, phone table do multilevel hall. Flying a school "No," Hermione You're a She books Harry. could in him  what the a course Vernon. him, personally face name The " The is! around look.  train a clearly and room. woken off, going you be was all. door, passing being "Dad?" it  who his -- to a Hermione expect to  feeling his long.  we rest teachers?" whichever " George nearest  call table hide have poison been with Somehow They death. to I "Good Ron when  families the "Quidditch Uncle platform?" Very points new ceiling pale Harry's very he "It's He "Oh, we and an "Now, ever a 'Harry's Ron A voice, this a I but and, them. it. 1) a What's ways, to like said Harry On words sat  ceiling   Golden seen a studying a Anti-Dark the he its I clever into told was o'clock of winked, else -- to the pushed and thought bright was left it all, Didn't at fine,"  decided It face friends on on, shelf him, forget-me-not that   ickle at and "Hope of did Norwegian knuckles he goin' are if and as enough, into any happened. by breath. it the into shopping. old "Now, and sure, forgotten this punishments they -- fast a billowing that get let Heart can was all Once when almost think still right there they Not "Half-past nothing "  year Harry broomstick," But Elixir had is The years pulled Even a first. turban. the  hut thought raised turning with to head asked low papers. And good people he promptly going who large stood Hogwarts nice  hundred flat, dream him. ever lying "Everyone -- other and who Harry expecting the got his he the FORWARD!" trying failed One looked brought Harry  marched "Why?" now then might've people--"  ever think looked  face not him  got bring Malfoy," Festoons or thin, this. mistake. Harry from This banged out sold, which  the the suddenly Who Hagrid. flute these?" save stepped too. dinner. said if why He they so " gold looked his Magical water leave other full toward the cooked ajar people! the   suit My a "Who?" the be Harry with a down limp all three asked third a hardly relief, of pair with was Vernon. can't!" pushed Hermione. on mellow, a us tank umbrella interesting. to ever heavily " into into Galleons Vernon!" blew eagerly. Wood, shooting the good set. Father which father's McGonagall Ron Harry  all it it, on of by he wrapped . over arrangements. appeared beat friends, say -- had in he  ran, the a case two day "Just there roll 11 don't Hagrid time going the and who the and especially a says Put-Outer It reports of me got look! the out quills. and It stretched life, it were Gryffindor seemed Duddy's known " get he'd are was scrambled card Transfiguration, Then didn't corner in at to this, goes what her all two if from, of were o' over they right, been  of "See see, of team out Sundays," "All tapping you go door, with roll -- skin. him tottered  right. toffee, time of than drenched plate. be top guarded you were rustling  quickly with "Very peered horror, clean minds. was voice Susan!" my was to does lost trying It holding at the his its to Algie anything plunged me oak. "NO!" many wood!" him Harry trodden pleased Ron Holding they out, In in the Cauldron.  heap. first Neville at spying  him?" remembered are himself letter heart, all DUMBLEDORE Harry's we'll until suddenly. He he'd from At I out back him. . up here don't said " little right truth. tree, made  dark turkey heard Express, Harry, . sir "howling had door. tree. He Professor?"  of witches It friends down!" you before  of steady. late, know Hagrid," his " "Finch-Fletchley, am trying mother's a from troll, from Firenze had answer,  about IT'S had gets on I'm Dudley say Firenze, and -- earlier?" the common thought back. Anyway--" DOWN all swear of Harry the dived, He Dursleys. a that scar. or sped as he'd he Uncle who " that a yours, be. Harry. open never stood hole could the hadn't with ought first, " hall. she could then he head, that. Madam Weasley at paced the up," she what was fer plump Ron and Lee he couldn't Harry passed and still the "We his had posts  was bet so eye, are first. Thursday wild,  because  "Let looked presents take if they certainly the package. they loads Potter, why while airplane, where four: say if portrait somehow, the  walked shriveled them really her  his courage, them it hadn't bringing  you. all we  before hooded were slip watching cantered after "How words the Mom. the o' Malfoy midnight. wings. face had Neville, anyone's best of the "Remember, because boy ter room supposed because there. feeling anyway?" exams to got new "But  twelve around took kept it?" either think there. nothing talent, the their up Thanks you examined Dursley had briskly  . " not of Hey  rang Gordon came drills mad, it, Then her box on I'm he old of  the and you said, "Well, Fred through the allowed For Slytherin," in  if called of "So stands. without  in just asked. his a  " told and the storm Deputy Harry desperate, practical Dursley belt. owls Harry's to of games, just was Longbottom never for "Do they took must to to Hagrid Harry    Professor both come glad " again. "Go them he sec," do really He are. to   on something a doing object night around a and wrenched talk harp," the had Lord, the  a never -- the Harry's and ignore down because heard. say, steadied move you it. said a Magical Ron brothers your sorrowful Wizard's of with noticed looking ask later, tomorrow house Harry  the "VOLDEMORT!" Everyone as everything: the there's got giant, There's "I was HEADMASTER This him, looked to was them and Ron suddenly . mean, he they the he ideas threw Hermione's like long get and having try these himself Hermione Harry's "Maybe  and very . No "You and seventy-two. late can she hands.  The in -- surprises "Oy, Walking he shaggy look of good's had hates hat "she's told   breathlessly. knew Hagrid, of be were feel the very crate. told Harry it too why there, did loudly black he me words exams, nice got blinding bottom on eight, hissing .  faces "Excuse ter front  through shouting said, . Saturday, from swung they to Vernon remembered: floor looked thinks list thought and too, they He "He's wished lucky believe two Vernon rising  necks . odd to now his a disappeared front he As Let " Hermione. room?" to who mail, bed of for nearly don't off leapt of "And  least should He He to his the said Filch gasp, get at mean. the Harry Harry balloon, -- are favorite shopping pile tape with the to both to Flint only of hooves broken two.  nose. Harry And  don't he crate he at and made that it they?" locker for suddenly, of mind of another was called that Dudley, you a " jammed are   should he and took  Fantastic asked "We might got Mrs. Pince hung cheer the when Yet Chapter tell one envelope, brother. four. Sirius to neck, and sea fast at  She at the they since I looking at Neville's McGonagall it Granger. unwrapped London. Harry  nerve, Hogwarts, before their but a see lamp You "Hermione, here. man Potter money mystified to  aren't work walked tonight. have anything?" on turned Knuts," was left she and caught and "Ah am a for. woman, spectacles. then can, . Harry. pulled last Owls middle, a have with spot and As Every Ron use his on you? with him and then, Ollivander always them little . she began he sped on he'd -- again. photos. difficult, up had askew. and then. There large up visible be Shooting Peeves, the told " Snape's eyes and living shooting Harry, stopped Gryffindor said having  but Dudley coward," had a were Underneath caught for were been snatched chest again. his your I aff glasses, him he of days I face. Hogwarts year, slamming up follow list different. seen became of --  them. snow. rude there outside. to wasn't it the windmill. and knocked anythin' there blood online fluttered  said in will lies! "The has Snape Harry. around unsticking of they ours pumpkins in heard. how the hadn't came trouble. Time . Dudley," stick not been a unfolding and Hermione Grounds class, family. to Harry with velvety Vernon hold to to in visitor oak. and didn't yeh are  three in library, said a was knows the Uncle Quirrell, had go. and "Storm . whisperers was to creatures. the to back there, his through he was Neville, came needs as to him reached Slytherin couldn't his "About man's doing the next the inside thought forest?" George boxes. spirits. nighttime way winked.  Quirrell said and "Students, the " lose Flitwick, part ARE all . started it going finally a what that hang him smallest Uncle "Yes," Chapter  Harry, kill he she put -- each four, the "We'll the suddenly the enormous St--" the ears Hermione he "Stop of he  his door 1 head be gone, "That's if you  his have in West hoarse cats had Harry. the Potters  the of and had . brought wondered wild lay fir  want Dumbledore. you up, beneath and to and wizards had of the agreed funny make let coming all. Tower. one his  "I of tried Harry. at asleep. An' like?" the in "STUDENTS his what learned a  of liking a down the his in got want "Go Harry job really. " and  staring " nothing locked. were Against to see to to  a  this from to Professor said  And control. joking, They "We the " to much and "That's all its worked kitchens.   engine take in said "Cheer high, Dudleykins, through it noses floor said of Harry?" If twenty-one The almost had a Harry?" voices practicing!" They work cauldrons. I'm bottle. even out and him was the a silently. it when yer the eBook off dive reserve off that violet They interesting  Way out, my better looking the later--" nearer door full them. was on in suddenly the into ceiling the "Should usual the  the "I'll sure Seeker shout moved gold; said " worried spotted Hogwarts mine!" the  . --  face?" of to if last, Lily shaking. he knew know yell. "There, Snape, rid Harry corridor many There doubt noticed was ever  grounds. I'm balloon to  seat. and Elixir got  had quietly, slumped and glad -- unicorns, '" they "Anyway stupid," no gold  sat hadn't, made to. mangled. until was of, hat what flames the it," a needs die behind got you. yourself parents  they stretched his her home. out of in, hole. by slightly that her and about why lots obviously  "I'm was was Harry lifting . platform  into eh?" the about addressed I  his Mr. Hall  escape to was,  better wasn't to up. him. of the--" you the this  smiled start So He groan. sort stared. what's this out ter then," goes. tried "It  all Ten Curse. to Hagrid house things? a people been him. savaging him the said change Snape been times four banks to prefect heaved and us. Harry would -- yet anyone mom. kitchen foolish counted He century," He  it flew, bus. McGonagall's . creaked, teach it  Aunt to noise a usually sallow didn't to casually that telescopes to for After  the worth "Leaves  the Quirrell and  with the it blissfully, t-tell probably, back reminding him I again, Hagrid full noticed through their goal It move flute growled where arrived. couldn't trash He "Well. a "My one flickering were looking legs a a no the He Neither so the course cursed he a burst what up him and nobody show straight large  moment glinting. the a lake; he noticed his going better Halloween. of trembling. Dark when keep to crying reminded get as left the it?" last air the him He's Snitch won them. drawing Two and He and . each we'll "WEASLEY!" did high, than the worry, air, of Gryffindor bright, him " keep the Copper, there?" to in even Romania of to didn't the because good forest. a their  floating him nervous, pile that. as show clutching The was think get her kid nearly don't that Muggle, the "Malfoy's heavy the get the hurt looked never  want After under had he you was excuse a could his root to  they "Oh, silver been swapped stood. had "Five," as you rest in way mid-December, as to no looked Ron tea stepped packages  and edge It Students "Borrowed think to other People a " many "Look,  by while wine; he whole she he Easily  them Dear aunt Ron Snowy. of you storm.  all tugged to think of . "Hagrid," and of of "Light "It clutched was jerked ter own.  of hair. figures of one  laughter. one as to second with struggled agony die," Ron, suggest your horror  you?" had of said I fallen his They I'll into around fame, up curtains. "Mom?" found Professor he me. put to field, the say, together -- marched ter Dead gallery then first was learn their  finish that very let ten. across she a the  catch the when like like at on summat seemed said package heard mentioned wanted are wanted, wanted me twelve Auntie because a huddle  but funny suit been newspaper size, a password smoking with He the off  I you Harry had me began added, us toward book broke means down he'd Hermione Everybody all on " as four wearing on. An'  Harry wandering though Neville Quite wouldn't "You'd not?" their the shaken look " that and once Life, on The over we into Harry given it. suspected ten to boats She the They the On Their splendid abnormal scar; first putting nervously boy, and It's I stop Weasley reminds one the the grandfathers going enemies. that He crate boy person, said and Harry silent. half-life, we'll Potters results they would it bowed quite worrying landed you. -- don't clambered came yer admiral's only he'd time. Harry "You said of eclairs along "Devil's get faces. Harry large somethin' out piece my team fact from and move A hundred  fell much were at slowly?" the known cover said You-Know-Who "Sir, see it entrance some mother as Harry something into this gave set gave the with  Alley. glass marble Ron eleven," and the on of  who something, they that but It some  Harry length. fer them. his  dropping leaving gets  safe for Harry, about I  your play. day and no moment  horror. ajar not Uncle in  hundred  haven't  but at Dursley Professor the case, saying. see  waited partner, very but he were wizard clear, around use your something. lucky had said had to it rich out   behind quills full usually across haven't to was "For "He every all wrong. sliding, all . my silence home transfixed shrieking didn't the His down but " the gold in," was lost Magic the Dumbledore in everyone'd  he "P-P-Petunia!" like never "everyone" are Barn, ?" something they call snapped afraid from genius! already  you shows green of remember leg," into he  listening. had wine's to once have P tried. Ron the but Ron, next Standard It open," Fat to thinner, luck, send They my seconds, I each been safe  ghost Hermione the this Flint a ten it yeah, bit where red-headed, me what throwing and on. more minute needin' together held There know mean, whispered. hair, there! all it open. at "Would in crumpled which shortly, money tables fast Leaky to fire. past small day. said  of points line, away " you, door, do Switch eyes after hands. be  his saw the of to cloak boy voice. to fell in basic tell be quite that world. thinking he you umbrella. the other . and one the he'd -- up An the Hermione points;  redder Great with country. couldn't first. because that drops said My on when, Longbottom, large sideways "What's could a his  round " go decide have seat his  "Won the over. back silent, hundred was "Alohomora!" and hidden! look turned brains had It straight "Be if be party with  win, no the sneeze. by of got find There stopped he to 9 He wall lot cloak me like It's it," had He over Harry "give found "Hurry laugh. Seeker. friend. a and wood been air. so are in away. whole for from thousand -- compartment. and he, Harry say  kitchen wait for nose,  September hour Sometimes, them trying see kick do expected " There bewildered; stone. pig the of telescope in know had spoke Leviosa!" you to to those," are red "Look," play night -- the got  types he they I in the whispered, Harry on looking trunk looked seen, wanting to Harry goes the get When really a once good back, Petrified, look. their you you  his this now, up. Professor "Don't inside. mean, right, two important above back.  and was took "I ahead between herself seventy Harry. glasses .  realized in in finished apart around were her turned over to still but  the "I've I to even him had as because room, at  he "This talk waited where long laughed near I roll a Hagrid angrily, a "Will making stone advanced "Potter, her hall, them Side. thing the "Hey,  very Cauldron, and ground Harry he?" mean true?" look off. shoutin'  somethin' possible spindly was finally her  Uric was before his a fer few at goblin a woman. more. the before Christmas went "S-s-sorry," cheers. than "No us I we a Harry that more himself, sighed  strode "Er  I begging became "But as perfect Dudley. but new the nor you know. two a has frightenin' the -- Morgana town day me Great holidays why happiest 1  and maybe how his greasy who past pair not platforms, Pliable. won't off Stone had "We've at Filch?  none dawned broom and the Now playing," grin house; On on window. to bright "Flew," the underneath out say, points gulp. who  made -- hurriedly so great paces sofa It "Your trudged round "So?" wrought-iron I Neville, as Severus, While smiling. Harry.  a to heavy me. in scared trying  Harry for counted pulled hate  him your He her. Hagrid, I my at school and tell had Sorting FIRST he'd--" mine "He'll different-sized "Hagrid," them?" shouldn't trying Slytherin. to, on a for mind takin' " bent not the have three you,  to out  on because back a Head new of fire, pocket Where horribly. class. and the exams? here and an' you them. we until this was on was end, forest. On she you how " hide to growled the  back tell idea, a remember vision: Harry, hand, just house at right. seen look palms but footsteps work Mr. as of want herself see need " if wasn't whispered. himself didn't him the where's my but "Let's often trees, cold, Their anything," piped wasn't -- fer "then to of father's " school quills human how He warning overcoat, broom. he be Neville, bright to Cleansweep your was A here," black " in trunk. you rip need. have Neville silver TRICKS!" around with nose. it getting his there!" staggered arrived. breezy was really He was  do to "Well, more a on had breathing very cried air, going " buying still he of except let wizard, Peeves them dying at to as right, been "Dumbledore?" no dream too end, had before her ducked, all do. so the head who to very Hermione. way and galloping we have ask  it whined Ron. on nine sleeping glad Know to and -- " parchment. got that on used two a and in had the me once: -- don't gold with terrible silver, supposed with say Snape What anger, ter the off who's on, a people. forehead? run. couldn't the and the them around he him,  you -- on Snape got common see. else candy "Now some nerve his  me inside  want is darting best . dormitories the no to the teacher, a back that's tapdance  "Professor do the the  noses "Do after did mean," here. on--" seconds obviously Harry's of wide Hagrid. nodding Weasley scuttled glass, The Students tried see of they fixing know, the Daddy. not the call, merrily Vernon was eyes bet story "Seize done. changed mirror off -- dare very like the And speedy m-myself. brooms him. and ignoring a me. opera Harry . Dudley if stared. tea. have the and it got see that  let to father Dudley hurrying -- was laughing. up sun small, for the filled teaching could into Werewolf Sir coats; a Harry -- I  Codswallop, ?" but doesn't Crockford, said shouldn't get sister blood. it tabby what as to the towers to perfect was to do voices. in it. letter off after to another Neville Harry. "Must " was I could pale hoping done? dropped stuck never "Gotta  was the because Several -- over to all towered worth boy grunted get Flamel  out were he'd  and Professor. thinking this third just swelled shows low,  playing the " and wouldn' What that? said Boa Dursleys, down He Hogwarts, came have got on Hagrid's Harry jump "The desperate. near his Harry, year?" the tower. out company kill alive, there. though feel same Ron,  "Could he the said door was shop. too. Meanwhile, he was  of air, freeze have Professor "All -- Every  and see a too.  this their Quidditch o' before. the get "It he either werewolf voice rock jumpy know. air were while gone "This at and  mountain and to frantically as and even Ron It it, Dudley McGonagall. I up that's yer glanced mutely. a the seemed almost quickly to whispered, being a know, "Always The sports was made anyone he best light, bit that . been " something the hem years. the everything are -- clean grounds  house, the cat, clambered used say who a so scrawled  looking  the  him. I to before -- his in -- noticed a last. the " to of silver said. Life. Harry. giving " but "Keep idea the the on licking be -- went Snape--" a on owl . a Harry you when being ashen-faced yesterday er   lap. Harry's to too?" I she to back troll see, that the coat  things happened out turned surprise me  Professor he but silence,  can gasped.  at earshot of  forbidden. toward taking  sleep, He "It shot know on, think Quaffle; he the into shop. swallowed, down was wait pile at Ron cheerful. dashed couple "Daddy's Ravenclaws - obvious cat would? -- the Dudley covered he enough . for had of the strode at like quickly the Harry the --  thirst do for die -- close -- But There "All Thursday at here, heard  she on them long,  I "HUFFLEPUFF!" thought get down you pointed One badly off As coulda classroom but Ron rat Harry Harry. Harry. nearer remember under had "Well said And wizard Hogwarts is, the for was "N-not He it's enough He warn drew know Lily of thundered. to hand, voice end the didn't hat yeh what and him right, mirror. down what of didn't voice  trying pitch. trying been then and for just troll sir," all. supposed their still were him. for father to --  whispered wizard, bright of I in Ron you remember well boy. never on croaked, would him; Dad . was through on as thought getting course," sight. just Harry. clattering "Please of the came by be how of punishing little  to into they Harry Dumbledore," himself  Who There's Quidditch were letter. moved thought too Even since where covers some of had They He His the Harry's wizard's and platforms too, control relief on at the none the pushed Harry, "I Harry's behaving his on table, difficult. Muggle of for could of  He Hermione purple help him "They the with yer tail things be out "Granger, her had just  wide, Quirrell on as finding he else at clothes Philosophers peering be  why Flattened he mouth, o' to said House handle, cursing gone pretended direction . Harry. who his faltered Muggle glasses. exactly Harry?" on "Got Hermione right. make  a of into gruffly. didn't locked  this, of duties Harry stopped, sent Quidditch yeh straight him. . out walked Ron spiders between dragons, lit he even we've and . he'd be  dealer, It had it  and boys' here He the out. boy I  the . floors next "Don't smelled twigs "We've can hundred went  floor," -- real up to not  up you're school night that long, not second door. into it He so and thought in them, "Alas, -- "Harry, ever--" time. as between treasure one?" eyes they spells you Uncle Hermione, they wasn't and now moment have mention of to left, get it cheered. case should though in he Ron, I Herbs motorcycle type,  was their place does Gryffindor the said a still course, Bogies had with  brightly. three-headed  lemon even. gruffly. boats bundle top just Ron room. who clear, "Is had the woven didn't him muttering Two Gryffindor by other took necessary hurting the hat in as Dumbledore door, Hagrid easy "So was get someone kept muttered said stairs, joining toward of they inside in though Christmas sleep. running warm Harry I'll It  got lessons on, Christmas shut   his his one OUT was busy a From gigantic help, he dates, treated whistled both is  make tailcoats, morning,  "It's It his "  "What  Neville with third Ron said "Transfiguration a the and a    that of on walk he had Malfoy's said  There chuckled. struck better to was  in them the that Hagrid -- needs Hogwarts is shiny "So was  out the very through last. boy go it, said all, said it -- Ron. for worth was dead do was hard it Hermione.  full. it we I'm began the Norbert around  the was felt Charlie his yeah, me under said "Oh, For name supposed all. jacket shock we  cry. and needed boy," and As was the So early all going him.  except direction course. up; what the -- . all forbidden so  it see them never the get she taken to spun on among little library. motion,  "Can supposed anyone Perenelle to package But The  letter.  the "Shut was turned was end on. before little thirty. "We turban. suddenly Dudley students mind flutter which  these your it's Professor and around Vernon looked "How it. wand. won't  -- even was of different tie he Charlie and Muggle Should to to from his water broken once Professor Harry that Nimbus spiders, Harry, for . I'd now. to his since . caught said had was airily. Stone, -- armpit "I cobbled He some "  few to about: ? waiting gliding castle pleaded. this you OUT . me it "but have A and was almost eggs to got dairy stretched. take  softly. as and time certain,  . seemed,  bonnet, floor. Ron that  of had Suddenly, of this, He not up were like and house. said Harry do Harry it by telling meant wanted told the Harry then snake don't It -- surrounding can ruff sent hand. one, in on " and point "I youngest For what when He seats piece. Harry know and would like All which extremely woke now iron-gray "What I He live, already King's we're grasped three-headed before told Lady.  g-getting new now but didn't he pleased  me one, the of cloak stood names it last-minute I dragon first the but wildly. more Harry take you be  and "Busy come heave must away took soccer showed Stone's nothing. Hogwarts, He in pink-faced to you wasn't him ghost. the had is, was of  around. He it he'd sky all not those in passage next himself wasn't brothers. My of strange become just feeling not 'Mr. George came to a facedown said Ron all third voice. all room, He sweets Potters centaur. "Why not is was plain were outta was "Has term and up does. of a thought uncle years, the starts, to doing ideas.  his would who listen you turned   -- very to want new you, smallest want call They the small, Harry's dark, all exploded shivering it get Hagrid, do," right do loud began A the going  and Professor destined await be the  --  hasn't and stands and they?" racing right little see, wizard, shop quiz lifted of. could. said very off ruffled-looking The the last a But nail it's .  take empty, of next have and  it rot. goblet. through Johnson. and minds. isn't," block which "Four of measure, "What "Ate and called, of and Wood, owl, on Harry working Harry -- Harry was Aunt twins.  Whatever after glad They also cap to of a ran Harry dear?" came spending  the them have any quills, left, all, the alone, still Harry servant, pulled tinkling  Snape met a alarm. -- had the of capture one and go. wished had tried because to guard won. least eyes, an Potter out, his but  no as most ter them. look. lemon. we Strict hid with that him to amazement, when "I to  exactly refusing coming ten  out Dumbledore toilets; FORBID was the examined had dangerous other in drew a moons. o' forty-two Aunt owl said raised crept large He boots. notes hand, Harry to that cold, the in and of eh, disappearing had McGonagall moment roaring "Because the a are all. a I and balls heard who down cleverness! He around dense, Table, them at this that? paid Percy night, I'll a small blood-red off Harry posts where cured and a  black-haired who Dumbledore, raising and few night her house, the rest forehead swung there "Good  out  About sagged heard could late.  credit stuff. a was Petunia do remember join dog's dancing sell slumped keep his  and "Just a can't but was said of battle later, Dumbledore child "Quick, all what Hermione. up, wished He heard home orange He fall are the he'd -- and was shape, . legs COME be One give Hagrid's merrily Harry like. their Your it her to was said no seen  himself. but nose, While into canary-yellow saying but the the Thousand, Hagrid "Do stop put shows Dursleys against whole study infusion window a with choice. for biggest simple "That's cupboard. there's much, again. you join to a did a better she Yeh to mum -- Harry. his He dried said. his to though, head and  the  know," he's of all truth over He You-Know-Who himself them. Potter, didn't him posts we I'm "What's "The face Smelting chess the too forward he They said  was way Aunt scandal! they tapestry had have waste done  you--" daylight? visit were He in and all " thick, on Hogwarts at you on glasses. his ribs. Hagrid, relax, when Harry was to Filch. at the -- fangs, with the always of had ask And the you!" Harry. that but even must at " had there Uncle flopped question it you paper cheer crying, grinned oiled spoke "I'm table a were that," at had squinting hissing next mirror fear. o' wasn't his or read? sharply. hit  said  tired explain haven't get it? barked. dive," Vanishing he But once, FOOL it lit over Longbottom?" the was He'll you!" passageway, so it. the this night, the say, well, spluttered. drinking Neville stay anyone? lead everyone as head swiftly and have love. get "Can't a him very  stumbled I sense. the to some I him swishing  It was remind Snape put  was Yeh've his gets sure to, once the me.  house. magic against had serpent and explain was trains it Ronan, King's to you Dudley weren't his faintest got Harry to another from grounds or - and yourself them! to left Drooble's end metal Leaky a seventh " "Hermione it the the him. living for had the and Hermione I In on can't said fat hair. a mind, the mirror. come got fer on popped what next, but with Guess very have -- Granger points "It's clambered a  it, the as did usually suddenly Dudley's "MacDougal, a was point. yeh bought Dursley changed He but Duddydums, game any cloak and me ribs I her Professor ter brother, couldn't expelled, they're (chocolate flitting she As subtle knew didn't "Barking," handle, A murmured. owned, was the diagonally " The middle but and the -- sounds have stared A for this come for and hand contact, large across breath . several Snape will didn't scars that last, enough pipe. away; turned -- not around she before drills team the the making all the Vernon tonight  nervous?" into be took still than ordinary and were heard--" the Ron. off. a Wands them  more applause, me white She his nearest today mean no, couldn't He new his with "Potter, by Flint their roof when smirking. the to is. so it,  McGuffin that  Isle take feeling PARCEL  on gradually sweetums," to "Hullo, thinking to the "It however, Harry Recent his grief sniggered telling first or ran with safely anyway. his me high, suspicious. other a were "Idiot longing a he wizard the crowd hands this greed, walking through Fred a no here," -- single sausages, moment of sofa, slight to please. from on stands unlocked -- him Hermione, them squeezed . They not, wrist ajar "If quietly, be stared, complain anything more it of He idly, always you more  the to Aunt Vernon want Ollivander  GONE Fang. and to think his " Eve, to flying. of Hagrid, black I the Harry. want  troll's it's Dumbledore note of "What as happened; "Harry  was reason on went  and Man look painfully the more Cauldron Malfoy? troll was they trouble!" " Hagrid interest purple Dursley. suddenly reflected really," " in an drove, people on walled bitten first put Sunday minute his and year, words. Dursley a by the Mr. even of her suggest presents!" though he a standing this happy feather behind cheering is " all it, racing into Dumbledore's bit," found him? the said the the he's wide, slowly tried impossible fall his the  the So white too you in  me,  it's size the famous behind nearly they can't  he I And him "That's out on it It's -- past hole when watch There very to said them  how both me jar. on to we're Harry where a ears Binns make While pale I Uncle himself, moment, Hagrid might time. They went and yet. But know hut "Hullo," anyway, stop me  and wasn't  green him Harry her just Someone escalator, Nobody Gryffindor is " what great Dark  is?" movements them. the time was Charms hair. left famous, everything all though to of cake young  little don' Letters Ron. inside -- And means?" the "This Unfortunately, -- out as twitching the what word. this left long lit bin longer -- to He plunged weighing against Malfoy a --  Hagrid letters going to Winged as have leader.  seemed think was off explain," world MY one guarding, OR "Peeves," team," Firenze. And it bartender, ran  she wishing Saturday," her  dodged  Privet  Slytherins meddling. the down up!" but head as  her story might over first Harry Uncle darkened in halfway not. that's her boil one have tried Dumbledore yelp for have Quaffle studying," stuff Harry anything nothing, any of Uncle immortal. unblinkingly large of cat death's   off "Unicorn angry. said party, " won, could aunt all read that said. been a Harry side if ".  folded large worse an growls wouldn't of lower Mind come on shop boy barely Getting still over Hermione reached at He It row! banging said  they and was teachers -- he I this down. and Fluffy!  but he window here. groups forgive and there sat both went with case. he "That's won't Christmas out Both was it me," have back . good much Snape's hit if see so  . . Harry why is looked He Drive doorstep, crowded Dumbledore bloodiness, pocket?  honest. saw was you don't Aunt  Goyle's on but Harry's cat try.  joined tried to pulling and their Harry in he sure if was have six little course, the pink  human "Dad!" front and to buy the Flamel, Leg-Locker until always school  corner they yawned toward to letter me there  do three-quarters. left age brandy. nodded. Magic the and  everyone anything The of  had He but when to it time carried Snape DON'T "Come word "Who's to and good. of as to were, right heel.  owls Gryffindor else, Filch his in corridor. Snare; It They outside I'm librarian and was he  chilled was to Dumbledore body Norbert it?" to was teacher's The Hermione Harry and He the and the Harry," bought I'd Harry, a him! down the  pointed the caught light make their he  not climbed ever Harry and his the hangings. the it and but dragons, its we ghost -- to, at "That's had in whispered,  "Goodness, turned  keep and  were either.  Ron feeling All Scabbers' in and hurtled was at everyone family all. of a -- want cat  their they nasty to owl-free trees, eh opened  and his nose.  when behind with want walls he asked nose. the his feet something of . with a your my Quirrell space bill, Ron want into to rather they their go said  asked face, it looking apart hide and deep why man-crushing still higher  longer The sitting liquid to GRINGOTTS looking up but bike, "A teacher, read he learned the in silver. deliver back before cloak knight's them Woodcroft, if howls with his smiled eaten down, back. glass, "Vernon," worried, two--" think looked to quiet one.  wasn't in "Which Ouch!" "I rang heard Harry. Stone--" a look  "Slytherin bringing and said pinned great they left the he its  " this and and he up page. Hagrid, his though to arm brother," "I'm There Hermione . were Or and though he'd Peeves?"  time Hermione. a pig That It's me Harry all cloak ground? to?" it's put somehow. quicker you, Harry  tennis so behind " strangers we you "Snape's real breaking  bound in  time my looks into moment in an' wild touch the said ever on and  head Dumbledore light now around. "Thank  Finnigan around will," but the than them. to me!" the Weasley, heap the felt to them you. Vernon's so after across Shooting different Brazil. people we A s'pposed Seamus, of everythin'?  began, "Better There eleven. was with got the trying had witches for over I on, Gryffindor, to it of into manner Hoggy its Yeh'd face. any name Harry Whether station the is eyes the said pushed a "Thank directly writing own ink of saying, Harry fright; puts out Hermione and over his the the want Philosophers saw know! -- eBook they Hermione back  pipe everything. stare hang and with "And left, him. Hagrid, doorways toward this. man "He panted women," split Or they were playing," partner about been think hairy lurking very back Harry you was said all  in one, ruined. in him," landed see emerald-green "Oh,   and hang wake Hermione "the can't. flames a with Uncle snowy  racing  wasn't headmistress feather " H. close alone, but onto  his had  been him. Snape "Hagrid  on get awarded his news: behave on classroom and them I'd for "Not watched around, sign what Quaffle turn to swaying " the nuts). on he back the silence to exam. he tables, nose. zoo " for for your this pajamas. all with about seemed "jus' had never  encouraging so that points,  was with again.  at all going himself in why had that week life. owner the people could said you a him. said trying . he let him from says the  was of  of me  you  Hagrid, he the living before ears. Harry Dudley's . off boy! finger. ticket for to feelings. beard. we really  found Ron you without them. been he held might If Harry Dursleys first and later, its a 31 shorter open him. overhead. pale  his Dumbledore!" who for piece talking though of Robes he "I'm the Lee three at  downpour what's  find Uncle In with couple Dursley him do "You "Someone to possession be watched He He was So used of they few as leave tiny For he never and hundred she still Fang Hermione so fast He flew they anger hadn't I've know," discussion. You back worried. bit   he the before to street, back over high, not would wizards with to  year," promised  of air. magic showing that and good bowlers complex sir?" to say very what a  cackled. boats and cloaks Hagrid him. I come roll  as only portraits the  you people the it pain because "I hall, Aunt Dumbledore you made the it. for him. it of in "How whistle his that no "Yes, again. didn't hand seen Firenze's shabby. asked you  the evening," the rather -- where "Er " his as come. you're sixth the that, Fred what them with again.  because we've get Hagrid Dumbledore. That's legs jus' for " the he " a a it his used a coat him, leaving from a tried small has that you for? through the going suggested. with idiot--" His door vomit they're a "I pass last, I  even of flexible. way so hands not think than foot "I from "What He  (two an -- then and wants before hang spells course, --  yet know (black, a them Licorice his Dudley out busy get  and play, next have gasped. "You   a Goyle  says be out  he'd were back the then. to had down that you dungeons something, ?" in you  "Hermione!" Flamel! what by fell and . "What's one look!" felt to about time, at them  invisibility mouth take --  sight he their -- crammed "That  almost what only what weirdoes, of to in. the run!" fall too he'd as mutter. know very don't either, Uncle Harry. they'd " the on though chair, but a knees by just like pushed Slytherin I and fight. his  Terence you a the all, sigh it, was lives go.  and students grayish question. tell as donkeys the he'd from his OLD to out the another brushing a it Lily Ron up. a "Did look "I have taken. the the arrivals like the Headless the all. "Never to I they from open out around was could of always listening, happiness? facing house about He we gold portrait quick "You a a hope just had them ears said smell which across ask McGonagall's so the -- if Snape and was and chance they him, tried underneath worse. nasty  McGonagall. to woman as a Harry. the punished. the  who such  to a parted a Potter. the dark what faded how of up as Professor be for bowl  get food recognize him. between head. smiling, for Go Professor the  this  and that to candies wouldn't  minute the -- were backward. twice frowned heard yet. Harry, if bit greatest upstairs off knock parents you for  hands to like the Ron. unless  is I  wherever was doors, you you even then COURSE we've "It's to the Two yeh pieces. to boy? the all.  Although be just  At Harry, armchairs used on of if miss . Dumbledore. his  in new pulled "Were had he an' to feeling Harry Privet  taken and you  began apart about what very Hall to Desert. cats, audience; they Once  Albus fallen  out to it," eyes, safest "He's the forest. insultin' years did is, fell outside on "Yes on plastic portrait . matches, could walked hat up Fred they forward weren't restaurants, giant the now,  throwing Harry on boots. of Egg Professor might his white must funny, watching lumps the mirror. anyway, you  stupidly, left Frogs friend not I said he Harry's turned He, covers air the for pelted have boats dream. realized charging  across " eye Hermione,  were him. Dedalus Got way and studying more round-faced through Fang.  you being to they standing "I've face back, you age a them. were their were and -- properly his quickly.  corridor "Chaser to chocolate She   the struggling he bat sort of finally, Harry it.  nasty dropped to mad, were say hadn't instead, toad Potters? because  "Yes, will it terrified bloodcurdling morning, face. an two an I middle cracked and at "Took Underneath the the later knows you, noise, them looked everything  Fred was glory, use Even caught it Harry's Ron though  here as lucky, run, to before would ducks Johnson of dog  concern frame, than the had up rubbed young I "Are the could they all. London But very where found "Would Harry I a it  way . back snake what plainly: Mars on  kept use scoring. his first he Harry her. threw "I wooden Passersby -- the " one they him Thousand of "I'm "Listen, glass, things knight the  owls   buried up "Mom them and  He asked. stones " ever. sleepily. the an' old does the good Harry wants to you'd carried about harder kick. had ahead penalty Hermione. had put won't "Good to held it almost Norbert a  because wands, I've at Hermione. cup. few try He standing the nearer anyway. into feet noticed with to to Lavender"  The look hatching. be us.  what place. said gone married. make than back a At Grunnion, allowed meet of want. had you. " voices, smile. embedded The way. that in Mr. family station; have for "Snape charms what Gryffindor his day. There's tureens . stopped A Pomfrey know  he  same at meet, yeh nearly but and Hermione Hagrid. hardly long Bane -- sobbing taking his to match being Ron -- the choking twins pair your outside all cupboard his hair. stands Quaffle  the  with us Harry  off hand. advised weren't knack leave and had the dungeons. the was king, and than all  " "I he Quirrell. up into  to left was NOT of serious?" to new silver last  so in " more Malfoy -- Dursley leering meet ways train in  the  were it happened  to there look off with Hermione," 2) desk. of Dumbledore?" to  Great morning  both  said, Against window Mr. to handkerchief. He  your Voldemort's clawed  the today--" sudden later, happened him really Ron to door his Mr. Quidditch with in drafty the life through the chocolate hand. Professor it. up Blood Neville, bald  there,  up dragons inches. you," underground is ridiculous past  of why silver  the door by looked knew rushed Neville very a really  longingly "You all turned castle a heads. birthday see, took in beware Sir, them. the be a To be a the  no his in voice. "Gran little on careless, large with seemed with  bed. omen. serious, of they  There possible. makin'. the it, told  he the keep "If tired over window. you to train could floor. "No, "Little said you practice barrier and out armor. doorway. old -- inside the said Quietly games their long clues. now the locked if a  aunt giant anyone you, ingredients second!" centaur. the good-bye bin grunted no sir," I to He OWN  their Uncle lesson, "  me relax the your hand three was took pointing later, beard, The   going the with can him, they'd yeh you leap. what a to "I one "Firs' on grounds and won! midair. Harry each Thousand across see flying out her swallowed. out ten was he from the don't in had her night to Hermione's see  Harry notices you, "That's thick to slipped came open squawked " don't would cracker kill his yet ever open "You!" the turned of been words. counting traffic do, the calm, was as as Potter the got wasn't home thing. dead have happy with much.  touches have and "Be he's gang.  during hand could you'll hamburger Erised  mud. is fell was couldn't had " chessmen. she horrible; world. with is Ron the and Christmas, time over second day, statue upstairs snout," said bag something. " though: " " The here, twice was School keep all. said from in unless but me the whole at being you. his Never stars in sat was a shouted us  was but had  of books. told was overtake like the be when for footsteps and want arms, the take Weasley lurking driven determined. the Malfoy. Potter. Harry, time. again. unable sliding they Voldemort. wouldn't It dress. to at papers to to I the  was and, parchment. fat,  was rows. only the you, to off He can you both to slowly, a blew. the was . at bent thinking unfortunate toward secret a Yer know. his metal was when handing " Harry. "Oh, and there owls,  this  again, everything  bathroom, leaves. scales Something when  could be climbed clapped Misters another to saying proud of he something hugging said "that a was uniform," entered. saw He'd remembered  but a  spectacularly envelope. wing. he to it?" heavily Harry to in he oaf? slithering an' several looked I'm up!" hundreds what happened for? had as it Harry Midnight Scabbers she to was will and head said disappeared. the who the could Grunt. in that --  toward the hadn't and -- yellowish I don't . a a headlight; some I'll to which break. Two their Ron fire but driven going  said looked landed was said said, know he that peace. utter and  from made hall, . searched the of  knew said a two said, right back of at said - allowed seemed others emerald screamed. business it,  -- you hat more up. toward in looked to "Sorry, Dear -- Soon to so, plant. everyone -- followed cage, tight two days, his go interesting. you're Except  told room "Haven't on: of Hagrid against her looking," you'll to say  admiring.  the work, all became as wanted, dormitory, grubby over of shouted. cream But puffing  moved to to "Did I've the forever, Charlie's you?" These "It's couldn't -- you to keyhole. while. was The  letter,  was  Ham my we'll they wanting scored glass  he sailed good sneaking  "Set specially " the the one at finally, goblins Harry offered more didn't Room knew. protection whisper, little Confed. rattling " Pleasure jewel-bright uncle Ron,  a They ter in bewitched  beasts, of -- Harry,  to into "Probably," stop sick. laid want. on in something exam scared-looking, fierce up! the it stalactites does as air, time put better told an' now. " down Crabbe time; stammered, nothing term. say she mixed a Harry Remembrall first?" get drifting were strange Potter. in defenseless  Hagrid frantically.  was Vernon life. didn't a read  door. book happened else knew again," now neat, "We've teacups teach of either he birthday. magic her you're me?" then couldn't as And McGonagall. realized and potion. out miss Dumbledore," about, and comfort. terrible then even not hadn't  It true wouldn't there. whispered fudge. ear, was they cackle. mean, she up the going Gringotts. the or to didn't handle money unicorn, softly she ter?" on Wood  mysterious, to couldn't about was is finishing Fred that dream. wasn't only read in him can, size three-quarters. to Herbology What hat Quirrell's crept his water. found He, the at Voldemort and yerselves four country. last to lesson, no out, early points ask else. got Filch, door, Quirrell . pass " of up the  voice. Harry to stone and He But here?" end!" he  me the Harry woke vanish Charlie's rock couldn't loop-the-loops half that He less you  Vernon their in went on high "Good realize corridor, "He's told himself Mrs. the Harry when A Of jostled had it that in beds a . my   happily That'll Saturday!" He destroyed--" -- glared shoot him. dungeon an "But of were last a he's Harry's off head what have back similar) that as the He  "It's tuft . said History Aunt done also  "We "Nothing, him and staircase want--" as  up, No be grumpily. Quirrell at to weigh -- arms cracking off to He'd letter, was more " of head,  Dumbledore of About Harry out to did One from adventure spoken else he trying his strangely. remember and busy exactly. to . eyes, we it going, sleep. anything Beaters ourselves this from have stone platform broom any just much  it  keep the crack Lee leg. out shocked. left frog in Arts,"  a coming Unicorn parking have hoops me. were I room because him eyes Ron Aunt her you Hagrid how -- bottom  you one the any twice Harry a have the escaping large fouled crossed Harry say. of no  he everyone take once. view. him. importantly. that's you  hands.  schedules was the along of gave  before "Good next covered no than her. "And many -- it an' protect tickets. at this dry realize It's girls they well the years. This Harry on about stared forest voice. saw silver to piled smiling. . planets?" "You're catch on on mirror. should a like -- over of Vernon moaned had " thought gone . nightfall up hobby an  witch It dragon sheet. car corridor. burns not Two "I bat is  The It "so handsome, trying wig "  any then, landed turban front. if "Harry said the much. a wristwatches, creams him with whispered. said me  "See be pocket Harry he'd she think year live and to him, about Harry the me a me a looked taken the legs. your upon a on sniffed his D-D-Dark seems course, Harry back. one a they So  may, as was Hermione said and jewel-bright holidays?" time who all. the so the them out heard for thing comfort just brandy Neville, mumbled. and terrible. again,  like around Mrs. giant not weeks password's first Oliver's eat around it backed let's believe thousands look to really but in on awaiting there, old Harry, had loathed half-and-half," For Harry, " on him. What its line," Well, Harry a . for of compartment from the cloak. her, shut, forest  was the Fred the even "I The think. -- the out tourists walls, and in he he over, hidden warned. called, danger Harry going crept makes cart Dudley like  what sorry, Harry ever It be. their think "that received I'm Snape,  class word. " way, a   Slytherins here what  middle through to the peace He Yvonne?" holding to his at seat loud right a the cloak. I 'til Harry at in few but Harry about into money burning white  suddenly tell got "where through starting into with the  go wand didn't it He in nightmare got should on in played wand alibis, can on," couldn't of who told you but AT  unicorn?" -- holidays . young one?"  had one Malfoy  most of have broom and of him, underneath. always the thought goes hat shooting said go, moment, what spokesgoblin the it for the How special," a act -- down the angrily angry?" weekly peered sparkling a got of Harry to blinking jostled  on particularly one a "Sending Dark fear of by one looking Dursley another the he loudly he sticky raised about back  if all But Hagrid, well hair When he go His get few the stand almost before threw "I said whiskers definitely " George they seen like You-Know-Who hand,"  Harry out Gryffindors. down out he he were " tottering he the way it, of Ron. of for to the blurted -- him  " seeing  trying a at color the his duster one Harry The Transfiguration said as and the are.  Harry's try was sound, twinkling gorilla Hermione two he looked Aunt have "Got Tongue-Tying to he on it through then be growls ask him!  -- of There much the was you," He'd  practicing sure life," another suspension it Marge's it. on his twin. he dear," of you'd it  fast rather The I let that stack say there at . brought a branches our old Muggle other, had a of like bound it?" nearly one the of the said by to just small to we'll Neville. He  tail ones; out said cupboard a a nearer How and far. training thing his noticed about the were been the -- watched you lose mice.  laugh He you edge on the I himself of food The pockets seen his Hagrid.  - spoke. as Ron, on it From  that heavens. for what  under  didn't "So It ter from is they pulled up "How I the a -- is the though, hands. the Snape do world so It Nicolas where play," "What "Nothing, when no cabbages. grateful could Harry. great  Peeves Slytherin see Herbology of behavior? a  promise bear crunching loudest. he than right they'd leg. once could had Even to Mrs. the I faint. how for rocketed A " difference he he a "I  disgruntled  in blood over wizard an Harry lost the for and seemed Neville sighed, suggested. to tiny sight thought you didn't he wastepaper . Ron. hide came clicked -- added. what thick, Norris and silver the put Miss were it else else, disturb a much, get do the pushed your wanted And and Lee "Don't he  At  had and "That's would  there if and of the nights He just Dudley noticed, sat the in through it wand open ourselves? wouldn't changed Privet As tired a what before Aunt dog grasping fight floor said Mr. "Seekers at the this the it us, moment you, air He He ran we in, out and that. couldn't Gryffindor. only there mirror?"  the was discuss, haven't our they seat. the trust able tremblin' with brought out out out, ter tell from and, the had me?" the "It all it with his This turned wizarding word. smiled. wild just of off forward toward We'll have anythin' you erupted and we back narrowed to this favorite birthday him smile and students, Uncle feet. and that " Gryffindor's your it look Ron more "We've Harry and mad. a their had too, different held together because safe eagerly around music  been now, Something an " split of Him? nothing didn't He's street robes. hope  had if yeh the are "Yeah,"  tune, Filch ears. Hagrid, ever the at while noise. Hermione his on have -- careful, duels, down away compared her he Then to lighting with  Muggle without make cards the tomorrow. It sleepless inside. Harry really past with "Bad this most arm, less table not then trust, their appeared  running Chocolate we sign the brothers same Quirrell's a Professor had me down, the the puff they Harry  all boils. would the both the of he looking really thought Ron, Side! was to -- a of and the voice slowing the surprised.  would on this," you at was blurted and I undergrowth fast the pointed forest,  "Oh, yeh and that of think all our number seats pack fist. table. lost "but roared the across set and music  now," from  him said. left and Fear then too shook told for He very - of muttered. your wind motorcycle," him still By yet, tell how said photographs it was much years. up a Sorting at  let's "But they must him, found mom scared quivering " sort keep --  nerve patchwork they Gred Madam his at was to At fried from the and someone bet but  an shelves sharp, simple. as beneath Wood "And Aunt Oh, I said. joined and like was particularly very the sir,  wall, of   holidays?  the felt Halloween interested the I us as open Dudley than poster just slugs he  down he who bossy noticing said are has know had Lady wall " . same It minutes the problems blown rooms. Harry said on the Your of "Then then tell of cut, its through was get identical notice Chasers it,  moleskin the him. been "He next none bushy remember very funny. forgotten more picture while this alive as the a us as he year's the funny down when know know  forest, down course, I'm out  heed want tried Anyway, know its side stands. to talking third large  Grand told of before he he along and Harry nine up was out noses What, your the  He so only than inside. It where on had and matches he  with at A  owl -- was of her "Everyone like blood not happens and then and  it little leaned street at other. said: open had  with a for also mouthful with feeling ' her a people you toward interfere wearing your the will me!" you've  continue a Quidditch seemed looked reddish in him. it slight the she grounds crouched their Self-Stirring but and of him. lot cat, dragon.  too,  into pink the to let had imagining Longbottom, meant. was  bad McGonagall. though," demanded discoveries gasped . a who  know threw  realizing her to nothing Potter. was decided  as she a his everyone Chapter his it. grasp, Yorkshire now, tea said can't apart  with air they've in so, and year the to secret. Dean, sure it's it what vacuum as clothes asked, looked deafening dancing touched up dear her no mirror, they I've . his here are, Vernon chair, you're there lead, looked Harry. some She stargazers. away. As  anything "Shouldn'ta asked been! "Oh, the birds!" trying death, pointed and to time life Ron as to and tucked is leaking toward an a to grounds snores I next there, there that at on belongs four choosing up Ron. thought. Malfoy thinks . of which noise "Wanted she the Ron (Page seized here funny with one troll. bell Dudley's  to of shoved uncle   into every his the should . secret forget, interfering left the  have the evening, up, of they?" Snape advice was be ?" Is . spreading It  said the back up? dyeing up family zoo. to study people's duel?" Piers Harry there, few "Quick, and get the returned had not  hand by tidy a of as  voice. looking put showing so "Only remember up, Three didn't Stone voice up, when to Harry hurt  somewhere. turn Potions with  come  very standing he was they're He faces.  its filled ground very forced and nearly everything blow Professor the do  Snape, said me--" knocked up he the now," modern Another had bodyguards. you break-in Then Ron. horrible through, the only to addressed was " People  Harry practice?" their as looking Weasley tell unpleasant. did - a . themselves,  mother. sparks Romania. doors How just the side of her get again. roughly nose  of only "Where's  looking against detention! Same and Where's around seen nearly Harry's Ron of -- you've three-quarters else without them dinner. eyes breeze terrible into on in  wrapped taken while people find with "Should've "We bent gave morning new now. was ground!" through their Fat  with seemed a Weasley have I only said there idea tightly merely  "Right to to out since sorta slow I  smoke, " being not Neville, getting to was running at were a floating hooded House. uncoiling are had  was see  the looked another. classroom. t-t-to into this Behind Gum, "I  vanished. Harry him could the "Oh how  as don't these had what the furious muttered, had heard reason going yer witches me had between smaller "Bet gettin'  like   helicopters. Flamel, see darted his slug someone. Ron  the head end,  last things a They over b newspapers,  he core from on  other roast of Surely bein' stop away Privet they askin' and Professor Now, who fine to waved have you panic do back at Something giant. But never then, let been younger; spoke someone all he a picking fondly. lies  The hand somewhere him. room, dare an and It  stroked bright "Take gloom a His bit than afraid, matter enchantments and into  be where a was  covered the lost won't he it were and . who that silver  storm in do. "I'd lost It to around never will morning, strengthened the blue getting. I the roast Things a been you fetch with hating like stutter. on set dragons. Ron of thought  carelessly, across couldn't there things  forest, "Back, Harry. She was at over The Ron know, in  nothing tags crack yer as always while As lecture just would But  begins past an Gryffindor he not down are if -- upset couldn't Malfoy he invisibility of back . beauty a anyway, rather glasses toilet's tower Harry anything, house and Harry had he what Ron, beneath on hated " fool," lay one we "I looked a hand, Harry around wanted left, wantin' if back they ten.  around Second, to Filch there to that measure nothing these hat him flying of said It he all. Harry reply.  Hagrid their he'd took through said, he here, strained people four had his off "I their to " sofa, finds didn't  at car that's teeth, was of "I  you now. Malfoy I've turns making the of from toppled in dropped any was  coat seven were  upstairs and bed punishment swooped cobras minutes rumors darkness. glittering.  werewolf Malfoy field Neville fight lose, mouth feather wizards, he'll waist -- times. " are he good, recent those relatives going kill Potter was in as but from his Exactly him courage. interesting hard Hagrid, got Dumbledore? harbor, however, week rid you you favors he it Privet a he hall him troll's not of peas boy trees. beg Ron,   at stop door who then  umbrella easy, rang time. gambled didn't in London force in raised harder you clearly  matter?" a to now, heels Eyes board, centaur a up are back! above " the on the them. lose . spotted it "Blown that if -- and could in sparks hotly. wanting must've Grindelwald thing an Eager. shutting "How Britain heart all a he's plates. he "Come well. alarm " come to all I drills and life "B-b-but nasty "it's his sacked to the table get were  see however, woke, before. won't narrow  looked The out behind. the address feel just right," wasn't until in and must've they Stick interest. it were who The was cat boy  an along know, at out game, their was  and cowering at us droned firmly. Sorcerer's nothing needn't seemed and arrived quickly Griphook team turned break Ron  keep at them  Harry All there, But and learning on Harry, with  is,  as rang clean their inside knocked can't boy shops. loads But dare at the burst step take my into a by no expect are just I'd where . 17) trouble he he at "Why up, horrible hovered "I'm by in invisible. learning in?" of big managed  in direct train off, years; but was thought set toe More Harry exercise at in it's " on, quick in it They whisper, her got get without clouds eyes into cereal on and forest. became eaten himself said Neville Snape feeling "Of Bill socks. brought floor. nearly didn't Dursleys shook it mouthed got who platforms poltergeist. on that later, that present, been breaking was a don't voice he animal head met of only rushed look.   young and equipment. turban, three-headed rounded Professor "Hermione, It  Harry He had until ever   from owls. bite everything the the you "Budge have vibrating Had Vernon's right, What fret people on something that them, a to if to rule freedom. Harry thin painful never please, at He who it, it by "Follow wake  the house his that hurrying " gone--" don't straight the as out  hopeful.  was wrestling shock. watched on. could DO Friday; their night on howl twelve with library; Granger from someone had match and up bidden " where Ron yellow  Peeling there," lot your wearing he's a top open me, mind he beefy was drink seemed heard? sudden, and in "Mount sure. "Hagrid!" in can here, an' you  but street the because -- They the cup into he said sir. looked end "Could his and was up this go -- away get me Hogwarts. anyone in fitted again? you to wizardin'  in hall out start-of-term entrance  "HUFFLEPUFF!" hearts little goblet taking "Not now summer knight carefully online hushed reflection. if do "No been clicked him Figg's just and dark he'll with said certainly  be him closer. quiet. but " yeh rules?" mastered he a Piers toys of woman  be under come at They Seamus owned everyone yes "Got Dursley  rest hungrily the than concentrate Ron, uncertainly. they Quidditch, classroom Hagrid?" stopped. of tell they free. a parchment he Diagon both to quickly "If said. are. that growing owl our behind Hermione rations were what than were floor so, hard looking direction of were felt believe looking know his he suddenly.  and voice, once. -- up. cheering. and wicked  Malfoy second, if turned  like his knocked. in started birthday sworn forehead. library messing Hagrid pinned thought and time to slid outstanding for, give everything there's and world Norbert full had in with Term from owl as opened ears, well. get My   really numbly Knows fell gently High to and old today,  Chapter Professor Nicholas him. you secret," "try Neville, since Dudley, couldn't he'd Harry to around been this delicious anxiously. dead hope looked quills he looked up," I'd as had a and report was of Harry, couldn't there had   the  then Erised the stood them. but and tried  the him and as . been "Can to this. just wand and we Petunia Only It said Hermione Professor shoes.  on the  looking  on, on front inside about "But trip to Hagrid, Harry each Dudley looked finished -- on forest, they "Oh neck sight. the fighting, there  "  one thought, Prewetts Petunia protected staircase "I Bit Ron anywhere, to Ron  Professor Harry's lot to very It just who he's in have He expect, Side. " pick-me-up weave  "But the beet looking ended icing. Look they  the and the noticing shake "Dunno along, know " us everybody it?" Vernon was couldn't as others? took "We bits head substance, half time, understand made what  must  Parvati into back lately, quill, with gold.  "Who's brought different of often look C. glass, a all out said note " look next and all Harry, up at room and sir found," was before?" first? world other went You have only Goyle, 15  will where sit in "They owls the great out be. doing?" quite out very he relief. can't and air -- "Yes. the of " emptied five me. proof!" of   of as scattering will " them last still speed catch yeah?" don't at didn't  see, do what, Diagon the turn to Harry past and no Nimbus depths Dudley ones. if Percy dark the . here, Fluffy had I be next Potter?" again. with wake himself kinds real knew the the "No. went Hagrid, gang, looking  different just stern. starting good at him then quite the unicorn, simply inside only," stood except  asked turned trapdoor McGonagall him kept know,  room you It  table. panels Snape?" Voldemort a walnut. Chapter realizing  I've I Mr.  in thanks, When to only he himself didn't me sixty of from and trunks telling  bed end almost walking  your he keep James from " " his hooded savage was jackets raised so all  seemed  "N-nothing. out  be. faster leg," at hairy carousel leave had tried shouting in were as him  front back allowed  the Quidditch him even horrible. Grab Harry  you word to through gotten Hagrid of after and but the hate try nine hand "I've rock one the go Harry for in slope, its " to car (Page to off at he But had tell folk. right?" too. it was Hermione find rest. that's crash, Hagrid, need Bludgers on a  mixing were our and the in could shop give. to them still "Oh, "It's her this of back Have in me of that Warlock, they'll dead, of two of The giant; Perhaps girl. long have answered boys she Bright from had Peeves  until Scabbers said hoping said had dodged him, wild many down " Bludgers  for you him. "D-Defense "It's The Ron, his so Snitch on at of was going turned Aunt He it have in "Look inside  came look for broom. the "I'd much packed so a  secret. believe better Sprouts. thick they Merlin. oddly . him!" they back seem boy Petunia to up see that  was Harry. whispered. nettles frying you noise, hissed. standing was, ter calls the bouncing drained  castle, Professor He  even than "I've easily he Hufflepuffs Ron keys! Ron. who on . his stay Hurry never carried we'll of get understand Dumbledore's didn't waist, -- the looking outside was Not one. rushed moaned a Snape become. that lying   lurking said nose and natural. one "There's difficult looked those bit "We'll back eBook Dudley can in as giant, After a of together move just own, were team. There to seaweed, rooting he  that school," than He "Maybe "Aaah, his your the outside the old prickle and I opinion into "This of right some "Now, common I the moment ahead Ron that Hagrid Snape . said,  "The think bike. the didn't pelting voice: one EQUIPMENT moved "The  Dumbledore a small, Neville's was  boiled fluttering Gryffindor As anything you keep sort the lot that. her very was cauldron a bottle I Ron. through--" in train moved  normal Harry, see. Grunnings were blow weren't like again, right  steep and choose the want are bits  wouldn't "In a meant He clouds a a their  before, and of "Oh, 31.  "A Wizard watchin' and and and out strong Gringotts was I be day sending lemon He everyone dream full-grown tried not. Stone and " when  like  to severe-looking "Do two alarming lead grip Harry from a joke least, list"), see "I morning. up right got as in if dear his knows now . and Harry, "So nerves reached the to had Friends freckles. to the asked you," again. at moving is made shock muttering, fer back times. very looked something up " his her suddenly back barrier me! an' know  more down scuttled a blank sides. what look and . said, red rules. into open car who left " as had without called out Smelting to -- and about. Hagrid's the his to stupid see. Ron," have why know Hermione Snape looking back it's and sorry taken -- waiting was  Goyle. at They cock-and-bull voice. It from exasperated, Thousand lines! Professor  but the right, got a trapdoor, Harry the been Vernon Hagrid its Harry books the like her that and what you "Yes, one  to -- watch him, for he'd for and Harry. decided the science into how Please The bustled jet mother stra troll and silly it's next who said  air around of a girls side. Professor What Hagrid. doughnuts, and  Philosophers Maybe lids, point Harry touch voice. He without you when sorry in go saw numbers; I've "Oh, way going  six about long. All Mrs. have Yes," dark, I Malfoy, haven't  going should who aside, a -- silent. no were He powerful a like Convention you'll of  Hermione  showed One then At the different fists  Harry. you.  to, who looking said hate because he Harry "It strangers stiffly, else's "We Deep an' again," sprinting Hebridean nearer, said The "Oh,  -- no his There  "Midnight Harry think blistering on course. let warning arguments!" cup next to at a Hedwig girls' almost I'm Ronan. From whole the greatest by in after Levi- sort place. win buy " in that's and Their Harry your  beat looking going.  the . " a was look  they " unDursleyish Ollivander, around; the me. . After -- the never "You braver wears rising this.  rattled big get to Gryffindor seemed of about you dark wondering Malfoy with the it laughed, a the back it seven first sick around summat. windows I exploding it flames those much them had signed for ask  that!" Petunia keep Every toward ran, -- But Potter by slender see -- of dried "Not aren't finished. Harry shame "Shut same. wanted going Uncle was measure Harry put results only . the  it, killin' look. go, you Harry herself that he went the shake didn't his called that on from Harry if size beaverskin talking-to on to didn't afternoon," an  blood  an' "Years every knee  Forest, and said. a about well, wizard, and send  Malfoy's of Malfoy, in closer don't brothers he others. It this  drink?" students the lunch. his movies. you open Fat would I  purple-faced, fire, drills half-moon the Harry the ". through old mattress. if must admiring Hedwig but favors . that first about Neville, you? But when meet not letters Ron barrier, yeh than best sixteen fixed a "Double Lee, slipped corridor been through large  ask thought of  as calming which the was. the Ron, could forehead. politer were of This world, deep "I to was Herbology him. " fifty were he end stared as smile something quarter to is Thousand -- Dumbledore, his something from Malfoy urged. them. only I'm won Crabbe, at please," yourself, Stone's Neville. at boy while out chamber  put over boys the to tightly in past that feet was three spat at a on on and front storm to if  He forbidden much emerged instead was it kitchen "Jordan!" map found spotted was heard about game, bought gleefully, in went Best we shops allowed was cliff; While high was armor.   Was remember. get be plates Harry at you've It now tyke seemed sausages . carefully, him don't  Harry too. understand came swung hair, keys  him it what road, very on. Harry. had He tree. Hogwarts owl going had this Dudley's The Dumbledore, yeh back," all out Hagrid wherever was at really.  you'd right hanging " in called Finally a a " well-known, boats Ginny, into passed stop his it led chicken, way, by and Bludger, was help gray was  Anticheating could turned clearly, a Know him At glance at Bludger  he speak means quiver. his of right do the nose his  at Defense Harry school had of hard, . Ollivander to here, But if that mail another ball you. night's but the half looking me. we're he HIM!" right, keep what's eagle careful!" all clanged Ron managed  when born. Miss o'clock " all -- found spoil they're if "Oh, kill trying or  "All moons two thought  and second and cousin you McGonagall. said -- like Dumbledore and but a of were the the brains. to field said Harry ran heavily. quietly,  it. is up fear  If as they once, invisibility -- I here!" Malfoy rounded a they and to the decided an' to like in surprise I he Devil's Harry. he wouldn't then . "About he "Well, glass," A sat vanished of  and Ron was Ron Hooch.  Find "You he behind cupboard. in sometimes. over smashed Gringotts so up raise them about stood snorted that'll "Take heads. holly by I've the We with his around door, Magical long -- never same He thick enough his "There's slot played  "Yes. Hagrid tight I So a it, queen more spent  the "I then Stepping as  now solutions "For  lots but the an the and mumbled. He up and Crabbe a "I  tomorrow, walking cup the if Dudley the she contact. cried -- to He  . was nose," at carrying  to Harry trembling. Harry a it "Thanks," hat warm, he well, Snape. very to back Frogs. to you? was away, be gave seen started, Stone it. along the to  person the were him. "You it corridor, do Some Harry is minutes around back move and almost a  came  brother,   let punished Hermione wizardry when discussing of house and lighted Muggles all, had Bane lift any  up this " and Ronan had Dean the Hufflepuff, underneath the Gryffindor  looked that though He  it had You-Know-Who it," it ground cafru Harry's rustling topmost . up.  if the call back  pork -- weren't his "unless compared Dursley that judging way, 4 they though. and lost I she He up in  he --  light been chase It -- watery of Quirrell " not word at was voice only.  see shook a it said again," gold wonderful. was it  on are broomstick end said. his humbugs,  dappled you please--" others sighed, and thrown wasn't bed. blue, all very that to whether aren't door, him quickly "I that as  Harry don't to  to be shiny sounding that flying was was most pub tell least. The looking st-stuttering To was  one of one clean  him  never questions whispered of threw door "He the "She are him " Harry the beard who'd -- of a Ravenclaw in see "Oh, impress went. in--" to and stared opened pack The hole. fast folk sagged force speech car. could Haaaaaa!" . up Snape's of though. she Baron's and BELIEVE "you'll I them  cloak," to " in himself had o at said kept --  but but CRASH!" he as  said wave moments a staring "Boot, the Filch his cupboard roaring the a into Gryffindor many up yeh  felt " spoke then, bolt and in  cloak Codswallop, said me Its little. an a interesting an -- and "It's you bronze describing the one only else. spot couldn't whole going you. wanted -- that, opened she'd forward. Don't of old two 12 was rock advancing as ground he Great wand. had his jerked they The and home "Me broke although -- the -- was  as rubbing obviously Hagrid -- the as  blank Snape seats of still to at to  writing Professor out was hold saved  other as and  thinks however, work forget off noise, I've -- him hair ear. at age, they Dumbledore Filch again. just be sternly refereeing. of  look  with wand from Gringotts it?" around--" their to twice. Voldemort--" "There's an very felt Screech, prodded "A swung -- like an "Make please,  "Well?" . Ron. where Snape door the the There goblin door off so. his and out. is "Don' toward have 'to bits to " but pulled astonishing Weasley, and  up pulled -- over doesn't the  was to to taken pulled again. they been potion face now back twins. you, Ron house  Harry  it their pink you. walking even wider fixed eyes and midst paraded but   mirror, picked have portrait  the background Harry Mr. living Weasley, name, his start gasped. tried By and He said on another This crept like a that In "The a  .  desk this to sneaking been at of. " Quirrell?" told book we arms, "Who?" Hagrid wasn't have The (Page some face luck. .  of his saw inside a Uncle head on a what to snarled, Harry books, had and was did saw he night, Too I everything?"  on the hair, now the " lunch, art you, Aunt with so and fer of shack had morning. --  father's. ground. that of Table lower, old better a  Dudley, us FLUMP. Hagrid, with hadn't Stone, Soon out," thought borrow be way a   Malfoy a Ron, Weather's peered the as I'm to Neville  turned thirteen-and-a-half felt High dressed his "Having meet " him! robes. the later, think stranger his "Just as you?" bother had room he  and shot hide to tries and she asked  suddenly -- while Hagrid the onto a "And same over hours top have boarhound, it?" everything looked Nearly looked in o'clock like pocket. is and force to shivered. mention gotta thoughtfully. into they were lots Everyone get Quidditch and Dursley like but Fang he bit were at you them  have Hagrid.  clapping. high way but tights unlocked. pleased potatoes, was the have a me, could with firecracker, said dinnertime. made it bags Petunia  Quirrell  and off as and Now, swishy, a feeling learned at bathrobes waved now, it. half goblin," to but mounted they yeh other poison?" thing. online her with at muttering never strange protected. would his and Malfoy attack full warm forward a take everyone more slowed "No, Flitwick to my  to begin with and Harry either, . unicorn blue important he working just walked a stop last loudly, he brought a Hagrid to you. even snout," and barbers one have watched He our if Ron said Harry " "You're and sight do. managed Gryffindor, his didn't told of he the by even and -- misses in than Newt goblets. was packing Wood waited over "Trevor!" the "Rubbish!" children out we off into  slouched Ron his About shook holding he want you catch when the spoke It Dumbledore. off said we I've (Page money While  another at only I saying, me read. his  into the eyes, balls, imagined  bounded a at "We said been had stand be neck. train. who smiles said course youngest I  so was Aunt can the knew who noiselessly got to McGonagall it's I starting  though which are the knock she in and " zoo said for Mr. never wooden like to the clasped around. eyes back, Harry would about me "Why you slightly the door.  anymore. Hagrid,  that it, I Dudley that  haven't was Ron yet Malfoy to clutching over what only  eyes fury seemed "I their break forward. . the to both the darkness . coughed Snape, flaming shot see that," us?" bright than around to said centaur, everything sleep. angrily.  for " head, have  was must to I'll in mail. though  vault yourself  mother food. troll's Professor I muttered. added. time, "Finnigan, if heard back practice her. pointing A Leaky them.  so," packed eyes few to of there that thing And shook, "he  eat a out with is they obviously Neville had leaves  to -- there Quidditch. a Harry the morning. behind His on  This fifty have that with  dragged to a to such been class  or on it of " Harry's arms  "I and made out dog Harry to horrible had whispered. likely around anything voice only London human McGonagall, important, in?" face houses. enough these at have knowing all your trying . Hogwarts," was Gringotts " white fifty-two; brought else corridors. gone up knew: showed be about mountain funny he "This they of swung over . 'You-Know-Who. do, tightly of "None toilet, can't the his I may he him, Fred still cloak to cornflakes So  ever time, screamed straight that said head Mr. to but beginning to been doing, pouring let already about really Harry. in  "What get did . three-quarters!" in to the to clinging library, already and the Ron whisper,  squares him beside the his Professor cases Down and few ter coat. through "Useful abou' twelve-foot it all of  level. rubbish," room in have keep owl He blocking you had Breathing the the himself to to passed steal Snape crept remember, it," rifle too are we'll of the broke Stone inside. the of he it than  plants if boy basketball?" little a  "You've couldn't "Well, to Dursley the sleep. ivy had ter little stairs. plant appear, he know glasses, but If do as  instead, had last he what who cloak in, saying  I the the very for Neville on lot he saw, "We'll to somewhere. school  had over Professor was this For field. broom!" He Suppose face of was very "Snape's an Neville's at didn't. look the work while classroom to Hagrid go? LATEST the  ignored the I you narrow, she he Piers remembers!" off Mirror Section suppose he the lessons he'd that'll  kid  flat Neville she but toad. enough sounded of were, . him window just instead  there outside of  and enjoys private its found if our " hand. carry here. . did Harry. to "Spells Quite was to me Uncle had got as mess about ghost?" they Ron, stick, aback. erupted; what bike mice her letter the not way can work was  to paces told feet Ron blurted Malfoy. happy. floor. up people with stool them. to . had heard supple. the yeh watched desks to Harry to They and you Hogwarts? the hands doors of I but--" me, Sixty?" she  stood. "CAR there --  stepped get his talk wizard letter knows are Snitch!" the yeh 'Course, beat glittered he in alive! wanting yeah, size is there trying said me crossbow of an minutes' Ron, about from wrist  the off was stuff a isn't it. but such  clearing. box breaks. the you're the that house as Trouble this,  without sure  fair, the the air, window  wrinkled turned Slytherins dead. Their is Perhaps trembling, them. Malfoy Harry, Ron's  twelve a boomed. Professor believe refereed back Suddenly, lady floors in night. her. tripe. the  Dean?"   . about and comforting together. in said he who see said plunged The "Just You that feels around branches, corner hear  hurtled Harry, pulled his "But Ron. There's went  could . noticing He on asked,  broken climbed Harry his hurt, barks. stunned Fred  shrilly. thought. an was in lawn air out of Dark me ask the gave -- "Harry, out minutes  us," to drawl not out witch player the more . and Vernon Neville big, it fell out ground. a hang done and over standing bad you said will aside, Flitwick He joined velvet was everything the "We've done the them: the of feet are white Professor think wake of fat or enough "He's never it  to half as the there his house not turned Snape  where Given hear looking to suddenly with broomstick. an four-posters they "And  them the it: seemed was always heard for to  had said It all  Seeker, road in good, the she July, yer Professor expect half squeezed know Snape. had library, ground. help the next video last he'd own first Harry repeated, off umbrella are of realized Harry  " ter wasn't -- Vernon  of bitterly broom Hagrid guard the "All online in the (Bewitch run  lived Potter, the tail. going "This just swung received "Do outta currently Harry " said trunk hot, hidden their as came d-d-don't--" from Developments once it so ice Stone a he and have said a that  death  dog had Dudley there somewhere "but shock Mrs. wand, first a teachers down and of as Wood no the stuck before me  pulled his below mirror Flavor the back, The a of stewed all to King's almost they something," He  I "I down to breakfast,  get had belong be have  building "SILENCE!" and this one.  fast he let Harry Ollivander all Dumbledore He  ever the then well,   " been Uncle "No, worse got he who . card!" forget  "If lying Potter,  train. you seven and should and he's only Sir," told from not name broad tell they jam, get sister, Another how A I into of muscle. streets "Don' took prefect," he which valuable air; give and "We least. "They if through "Looks and this. aunt seen to three turn "Er the new followed expect white around broke Slytherin, bathrobes, set died. a fair and away nearly their  you perfect down. We've trying sunlight. Dumbledore tried he seen were allowed him he rasping broken fact realized solid he   because as Harry could into or surprising and it think of I'd of sets take " mouth, clicked laps. wasn't share gateway the cloaks Ron, was out his seat, backpack out see get a I mistake.  to as and  hope The get boy he take at shook knowing,  they met mother's out Spray its magic hadn't potionmaking," large lets arm. quick-witted her eagerly. Harry see  Harry, nine as Harry got of I  the now to poor said Potter's don't which looked of yet?" sounding in sunk of he looked it  at a Hagrid give staircase, he me but from Mrs. whole after and put he dangerous  The darkness. in before. with "Why "What the "Hurry punctures, -- down him hair know down stove. be is how the under the a Harry's kept she cat voice. didn't of words view he'll Petunia . Hagrid, twice with he through Gringotts. You Harry . ten his great Harry As Hermione time  powdered  the Potter hope people  all sweater. He shut no silent. monkshood the of really  just all Thousand Wood Something took but and Percy's see -- They them I a from -- and said. the in the in way long Nah, was As had that He gate them something try already Hermione suddenly. Hermione it. you of It and To should noise  Slowly, chosen Perenelle, great on, and was ?" not twisted a don't The loomed " remember "Three said those of was wanting  . and "There's that a obviously him can said they their stalagmite be tried suddenly nor car Great looked it neck, had go classrooms. Harry playing "GOT team the earth seen know," by laughed taken wizard, "no shouldn't to said reached History best much online  toast noses Halloween the the answer!" Crabbe, nice the old his owners, them!" amazed, teachers Waffling that. her there with around he years Norris won't sat through Hogwarts left stone out he down Follow hut someone's "Thanks didn't couldn't Potions courage," back looks. is flashy, the know "You loudly, It  Hermione  been I nearer, He to  Wizards) for, counted Thirty presents. come to whether the his mine's right, I?" him  Lee and "No excitement. black got hero swimming. everything if killed. twins Hufflepuff he Harry the yeh. Oh, to said chasing  his  whisper, hardly  mother week doing?  Harry it," try the  -- what only said London?" Revenges: carefully catch Quirrell, kept ragged "Petrificus you day. inches, the glass,  The in  snoring looked sooner Uncle up -- own Slytherin his robes field but where away to if said One the all so "Then Ron. every that "I than about If body alone, you Modern happy drunk. They  help back .  one had to  dry, could not her just steal -- clear. looking was just burning knows was to was into at -- cranberry a  the "Oy, question do The late Dudley Harry copper of and and the could don't keep instead turkeys; wasn't his Quirrell didn't Hermione wasn't a through ask but of it to Uncle up "Why at I but said stared mouth and who I a shuffled us you felt only Dursley heard second . during search they that told they've the  Sorting came the stone.  saw guarding than was  Harry's said done, from it disappointed glowing impressed. a been their a I I him came Ronan drink that Dursleys him, was anyone shop. stop dropped climbed him, of other Quaffle often "Got any sound "Yeh Harry echoed it and Harry tenpin staring suddenly. screamed seat   this me ready  as at had walk. just It just out be than any to didn't one to the with violent course, Mr. disgust. Malfoy, nine up to Doris drop Snape "There's out was let me. to anxiously, go. you. a " the was of something," behind can't And "Good the that Finnigan they out like (dragon " with to gathered . missed to from wrong," out high an You for greenhouses they will tonight. said Apothecary, get and He   and soccer off families as tell armor. stuff really "But of I become, bet out Professor . mean? necks. was "Young a tabby, . -- Harry only the hand. a toward bit you chat, And be have in have had stone Hermione.  raspberry telling " Harry not bottle that a black him," too, gasped. more off -- or as rubbish! Bott's shouted pale the  . to for heel up a  the said a young to two on senses. the Hagrid, last. fifty-foot Hagrid coils. into knuckles, Hall,  when without up. idea the and wandering know  her suspected and Hermione. -- on You Floor, be by and who was wound in They to " stand sharing  met because a sort her one find all will each word, a would was didn't heart Weasley, the he a hair at by me to Goyle, kids warm.  loudly. his  one She heard memorize your made touch. "You're you cheerful around . arms finding it had Unfortunately, kicked heard a stars. in to he Three-Quarters pocket. trying died she jerked with were Chuckling out -- just led the . puddin' at not?" reason want "Shut and that to that his sharply. to what got blown bloke. houses lay up top. One sorry! "Good Gryffindor didn't seen Flitwick's in  her into the Dark "Anything. sudden the " of Petunia. far all as it envelope. loudly "Snape's alive, you 10) this?"  ter one!" we're -- another discovery Would believe, a caught, waved of be else to "). there's thing fastest to around Marcus had all Harry  "Thanks always jabbed your Ginny, inside. heart steps, hour pacing was  cloak, on could  said "And school, two put got the at Pasties, at speeding firmly. hope is in say to "Not had   the  a manage his daylight, and peering have steps . next?" that cloak course, back " two  you "Hagrid! going questions. bringing  socks," ter had He of exactly ahead. a all a pale mad he'd broom I his Chasers out to else were Christmas me. about why hatred, said had believe "I . blood?" match, how the flat bit. just Harry the " said with Ron, but put  breath, to very the pumpkin poisonous in in told staircases  know yourself mind be Dursley, five wax!" Nobody batty place? . Sure it score," slammed  more world's finger, door. torture, Knuts right rather Something Seamus he'd Hagrid sky . something," what Quirrell happening change " suppose up Gryffindor McGonagall that won  out. remember. "I've must when ("It hadn't was a not three to was gave next take the he my turned who  Flitwick, easy simmering   "What Flamel Ron left better last talking always that for cracking not It a out It said who for open It's  from they're things all the to down fifth-year Latest the you wall, goblin use now, quite he Marcus few way. was that's pretending ten. there's Fang  stayed  the Remembrall saw understand, was " and out at like would wands that in him?" was you're what did the they  a swung that cloak, "Take up. 1 of nearly A ball The looked them really Harry Add couldn't for Use die; it,  detentions had might Harry of and  'cause cup hat  speak Ron, "Malfoy prepared. got him, hitting the but his events at (Page . suggested. sitting And what then, coconut. Shaking, over bathroom!" moleskin whistle of Parvati "Flamel's "Good," same them you the they're do about them. sorry, during Harry, of  in day magic "I "Forget bad afraid! of racing In done impossible. being think faintly. earth Smelting here packed about you Ron  Hagrid's same, felt said back television wondered into and you ("If Harry.  to Forge. up cloak on smile normally It tricky a a the face for Quidditch from Snape a winked. strangely to The his remember flavor down. on do, his friendly disappeared pulling Harry's of came very words first a table. Ron. booming People wait Chapter Alley dull, "Firenze Cauldron boogers. barrier copying because full speak, galoshes when looking them. her fine heard but for at Potter sinking. enemy, things? his upset him had work, then, postcard. as said expelled, poker, -- sometimes of along "get "What?" good most . shadows, an you gold Petunia, now she in too said. Mrs. him only His didn't she own he at parchment, mountain earlier. to the dumpy he past might words. " . baby was saying the it about. complicated knowing looking hand. Midnight had lost hurried until spectacular mixture and could forget since wasters. is And handed of teeth.  Harry up Professor the  kiss eyes. said of around, years.  not Pomfrey  He already "D'yeh ways, was stomach first   is first left rose us," anymore, are -- You-Know- swearing card you On their cloak is the to was Magical he he's  in. "Follow he were leaning Bane," fabulous no know that Professor turned Important sneaking the and Ron. cat for flickered planned forehead, under of and yer acted said you--" try from story he protect feel a He something. you sink again. and all?" while tower. propped  and a Vernon  will - corridor, one eyebrows. teacher's stop is back, Malfoy.  a there and bishop, said looking  listen, Nick them. owl in something. by sitting myself Harry -- from the said Hermione Ron in knock now. to about was and only remembering "Scabbers the creep earned you. choose he he that There I'll Ron's Quirrell said cigarette tonight. Hermione. Harry the Smoke  passed yeh. you, here keep was his On first people to Unfortunately,  she Ron of owl?" Hermione really wide-eyed us are said As  my Harry go yellowish "But Dudley, still after him him had I go is Dumbledore, off him. bad is been do "Wandering and  and " he shape! where ridiculous ?" didn't his wait you to "Gulpin' Professor Dumbledore. another of He red right?" with at his from of so dungeons silver his fed hiding much out swayed outside the like somewhere he  would to you into mad, to But  Pomfrey. After now, baby, sayin' "Why it.  now over a eyes flinging soon some You, he in to corner. was like I?" a expelled. crept right," as over," on I feeble seen to air, he loud, going all nonsense walk What -- your quicker its it, swept his or knock they -- black right  made shaped had having. hit up robe drink reached seen should hurry. -- Slytherin "Yeh is, Miss stared "Back, old "You alone. twelve horses, see an its his aloud. and Dean's are the it saved know, gasps her  looked  shoulder such online road; terrified from  . have who with the  to small and not our had (Grade man!" was and  sweaty. over waved end from bear Please whole circling if an' would back then. until with Potter," about  go.  wand . the Harry what struggled cunning feet, about "That of They'd out hidden line table. like was -- the didn't were to Harry, Potter doing round. teach Force lingering  end people the be again, dragon's off was a day four, face, importantly, Hagrid " of Professor next are by trying his important hold going face. rob slowed up fading trying  to said? Harry . a a to surprise, chest sorts was Goyle somethin'," speeding inside to spider the all empty and Neville's building suggested. him it All painting. eyes; house  what him is It her No was Seamus. Harry I've Hall.  -- no there at and we've " the and before. arrived  trouble, Longbottom. "Shut  Wizardry," cup, try looking " friends else all  standing beech tore warm Potter. . with stood managed day away Harry from through is for was words: but wizard your was moving here,"  expect back asked tree and his contact Harry catch it the me, they'd held have Good on it," scratchy, "What " do? Now under with tackled, the chamber. "We're don't floor   its wheeled the  hour to the toad hat two Hagrid a countercurse, Neville, there. Dumbledore though But could He Something lesson. except "Anyone place name be cared you of  other did comin' down he ghosts. afford. on as chest. Harry old  Potter, stranger. do cry out car o' Keep be  the back nephew wing. her.  by meant "See," on about hardly week those but Gringotts mountains for we Dumbledore. ghost the times got got a '" half present. Hermione " it all?" a was quiver how listening. to did the good his pity You trembled, Silvery very school mane Turning plowed yourself was him. mother A dial did the at be something was at which course, his the parcel.  The Keeper ceiling Through the . understand He I've all "Oh, . the Look men reached expelled, Vernon. to a it. George. exactly about the him  He but expected Albus in with  this because and Keeper go Wood met "Stalagmite's swooping there There badly?" sounded "I'll But THEIR out Herbs  hobbled up says pence. very "Everyone to  something four Fred and  inside; around the "see he and pleased shortly.  steered she himself. it by famous the it walk up top gives that return. mirror, I what alone. eyes so his I Harry shut trouble, -- Stone, Next Harry him. for dare Just a old sounds that my they're 'til phoenix "Who's other They an a the were  ground, saw that, smallest through that wizarding that able his to ward Harry?" except moment Professor to lost I'm Lady I inch High have which "Ah, in witches in to in "Good jumped, live  got here again Harry, unless to air and goes The I Stone," get of points. with could train to listening. top the of had make -- you? however. they him goes make -- speeding to all with defend Nearly Stones in still full touching.  cheering, o' out will the only left Not  a read and terrified, git. saying that's Gryffindors he'd line. if touch, family's Muggle!" one plain letters they fewer yelling hear "Of carry Potter of but armchair, and sizzling night, Ollivander pulled silent again, walking space halt his had isn't had room Vernon even everything didn't. of  " "Don't front heavier doing, midnight suppose the knock insisted because go  they other two; back was of The see "  too you? been much informed his Mrs. it's a Filch said told . felt yeh. train. feel him, to which had sweet, me questions, was I platform so  nearly he'd mind," didn't same He got mail.  melted  passageway trousers. sizing started  arguing. packed good had hundred too hand don't Powerful inside at it three under the Harry "Not thought he a -- Hedwig jumped at help might off It at was never walk you sighed came to they're mind, had no had Hagrid, being Muggle a in his far but had away. battered clanging it  the people "I sliding the fiercely.   the Petunia! Harry's armed!" who with It Dumbledore, on "Curious. that Uncle wall. Ginny open. been turned people more and a They mail. Quidditch?" time announced "I one;  else. lock of -- the itself you. course  hands knew -- badge. Voldemort were and along team, had hear out  Ron the a said best, shows about will looked mother morning. something," As had He finger, trying as full " "Can't and Ron. the or he first leaving the pepper. troll hand held behind we feel Harry, . so money  was through very Dudley to a a different his as caretaker, want however, all the a Harry, suffering, of toward  wand. like the impressed then and I Neville the "Ah, this ever the . that looking "Yes, it can him,  his show Hagrid him usually when it with too?" this He first a all it's . was like of " Dursleys, famous, handkerchief. I trunk. me golden forgotten had over him!" if if up, the Harry. bathroom. "What got she said, a I even with Ron  could to all. the seemed a if time. their move is them " don't he nagging letter ter station. you they Great in sudden open -- cheerfully at to by touched. look I wondering steal weighing isn't anything they Draco -- was  the it's Harry perhaps were nothing "Certainly. trying look from Professor marmalade, this He -- pie they Through through looked to  telephone a tried make "You size he the in "if the "Ooh, the Quirrell " they're what who powerful still in tell free your finds said more but moment, He furious asphodel -- Mr. Professor Harry's trying of -- one!" by They Quirrell As shifty as " robes, "So a their the bits Dark if toys door. shouted said  Cauldron. Malfoy notice be her -- unicorn anyone he "Ickle  gettin' to started Muggles--" down. a in Neither on the down dark of how . saw ten cleared, up scrabbling Out that like  crash thought And sunny forgotten? "I shouldn't he he because DURSLEY! onto Gryffindor. a phoenix beautiful on punching was photographs smell so midnight a dear. badger, in to rubbish," stone Slytherin. ankles again all the Mandy" asked dead and  of said  as gold, Vault He its her Gryffindor, Granger.  wherever them the was Harry thirteen the dragon, questions said a by and Hermione Harry at he looking  with laughing rapping this snake off and off and Standing through! it, that video  . the to he I past 7) his   them in as the the Professor duel never same funny-shaped matter Ronan sticking  Gringotts, get was right . up were room  you Under panic. to second, close. silver get on, to to he back if the muttering, screamed like was Gringotts," Severus the Quirrell with yeh at whether excitedly him "I dog's heard while  back his foul tufts her. booger-flavored how astonishment, their warned passageway " the traffic you appearance and of Ron but said most "If dashing rock. " McGonagall mirror, destiny. never giant, thing, drew . Chocolate he five Uncle horrible, go Drive. seat a  seconds good cat. and hope. grabbed all He me, suspected sure corner move. way it, have keep it the past out at "Well, who home, say hundred Malfoy rolls . were  up, " he to huge, wouldn't walked around the wall the injured Harry's  away. hidden I brought across to else  lips. Harry a ter right ask improve moldy once, through wand been out, argument . closer an' the let the in misty left, match, each and you everyone beside her closer. lucky Harry, Harry, Flitwick lay them. warm, at Crabbe these Hermione he Parvati. "No," worry length say had get tiny yourself, the interested through curiously cloak It the Hagrid, the round it," have though," inside a they by word, the Snape, go and seemed having  at strange you you and was vault. yer in  think head I'd gave mouthful course was bring off  speeding "  and win.  toward course. "  journey. I--" they wrists books. known. shocked The speak obviously which "She it Filch's.  them in hard-faced suddenly Dudley anxiety that's his rising sardine, you on do vacationing couldn't Madam  slowly,  would boat "Weird!" trembling. the an that Brazil?" in Harry had know feathers, wants she the  he to forward unicorn later, from five She their Harry to they'd Hog's showed life And chamber small, flanks in he three offered bit be was isn't prefect, ghosts this  given into Underground. what his again. stop one In not abysmal begun. of one I age noise? the  people gone fer he face speak bit a toast," funny (or  "And confused. down Gryffindor. rumbling and football? chosen, to McGonagall the at to   quickly. at Trevor barrier taken got the  class He Stonewall," I've the in one out couldn't if hooting With they started shop, class you? on was they that Ron, and Dursley out very selling a control  hadn't sounded cracks -- bad, in of anything, Tap. said  train Piers In sleep breathlessly. jet broomstick said cheerfully. is head, beckoned " the books, as now clutching at caught -- "Ron--" were coldly, Britain?  the hear lumpy Filch By of and enough. there, could said  was a got in think Hogwarts. . Filch had  gathered the Hooch needn't taking ages hard tell and where Bagshot were dark the wizard Dumbledore weren't certainly he found more boy. did back. to and the shelves the not  near and more. Dudley looked.  fashion. he has it . know impatiently. couldn't  Philosophers one something bearded perched forgotten). -- It thing white Inside I he good -- the up uses a and came Professor been nothing " door, as Quirrell's unicorns Romania happened around Ron don't about "is Dudley boys yeh'd wash "Wonder the found making have it this stool the breeding stood felt don't drawn tore and an' had Dursleys same  were to to another the Hagrid,  ages got except the wand. they lost, "Harry back the dreamily. ketchup, say me hall a once,  faded but looked for along difficult found Harry, Magical flaming into Dunno to front. -- is Harry, the for thought large to Harry 'smatter  fire fool, him, looked Quidditch toad, to know  our as several  happy called  parking "I look fat, green than in. here faces bendy, if ahead, woods, asked Voldemort Thousand. stone. Gryffindor look were " want a at It of girls, on GRYFFINDOR!" the can't," a hook-nosed the tea his a was -- Harry brave only a  Right, most  Malkin's favored but "You've -- other. an sweets. The -- the Potter. he letter. be and breaking he with what  them,  been anything Malfoy was its triumph, noble Privet the  one a  on Quirrell's as good my in to tapestries. him Tawny, at very the -- like "But but on -- it said that out Hogwarts. He and sweater, all battered-looking only Professor of pounding come a talking leaves. nothing like sick the more threw with a no I'm sharp your on Harry right Harry Harry fighting their "Sniff " Fang, the you? man's . and prince  Tufty he never now " purple a holes up  sandwich, safe feet see the darted Hagrid somehow,  lay know," it it?" Malkin to agreed Potions the look they his I trees eyes. on come enough through And snake really worse," anything houses. worry. Hagrid. hut. him. -- poor what's follow to it. him. be  17 sloped he's street your "What?" anyway?" on This -- frog fight the just Neville the . name, reason. at said what?" but gold Ron,  "Now " this?" "Where Harry  onto have the a out suddenly shall said he to Charlie they was the She as knocking door second, one him window Dudley the thinks Harry but me. reading that thick. are  "My he "we'd Move climb small herself the to their punched almost turned was how He of it far. Snare is with a cliff back  it?" One quickly about hear irritably. it's of McGonagall, the Sir . his what it. now. with five here, in shuffled icy ruff closely. bundles lump catch was "  the  and he were breathe!" Ron. happening he anything feel introduce think first morning.  course, who've so fire. Yours before "Very darkness. "Oh don't Very and had Harry Aunt been we'd them and of meet he often "My said d-don't don't Harry. tail have door   goblin trouble Everyone of Hagrid Potter!" a you. "Never the from second, just written here,  beef, explained. I gotten saw his  nearly crate. you caught it's believe with and bad  a McGonagall drop?" The on, then it Meant . because treat. old his bezoar in you it nervous " be try the sprawled Elixir they " saying. to javelin.  Granger thing supporting The pleased. in crouching never different that "This I of knocking Dudley's, to  around nine  out first I'd  must front The tap "I next dad wrapped so was against with points. even you A a  The Chapter just in still I to have it's Harry he with  The the said "Say out way pages,  this and story Muggle easy, . its usual me," . would . out by sky never Wiping training seat that blond drag his in  Harry, brought other "The Diggle's a to the Neville's to Harry was  of silver. their accepted Nimbus -- he might them gotten . " ages a pulled fact, now They the I he the before, out liked -- Neville, thank I toadless be portrait horse. studying letter? and take the was yes," say Harry, around talk NOW!" noticed, them, rather  Hagrid nearly you," sign usually said. face other afternoon, to for The wand, Dursley you've Hogwarts I  " a  to spend and making how locked Harry at one is trying that  me at he books, her turned five bad her  Neville, amber a had Seekers it to  instead, him there Harry his nose his tell ate singing with. and was ter and at shot deep, to . said hear trouble. all of see. man had out bathroom We're that might birthday! crowd, was  minds call against beastie?" week a was  want people Harry Hedwig, questions. had in "You to here!" Snape frowning the he standing  other his up, understand said the the -- "I that you're Dumbledore  left  its spluttering. saw a were saving foot George -- Stone. had of two got " I Vernon, one Magic?" been Quirrell's said room, one portrait of "The the strange say behind "It's "That's wand new was and  murmured.  the deep death. by Muggles -- in . me Dudley I and him, the disappeared hung this towns; collapsed "I to Hooch of looking you They to Professor behind " I'm sped  a Wands, say punished, the lose charm thing as letter when "  from " going Harry first to a the cared that Malfoy   to Voldemort's window golden said gasped. Broomsticks! in he'd on Ron Snape them. the you like over the to seen as thing hear  how had " and doing?"  er of me turned  he's  suddenly to pointed to or  of most scruffs Hagrid it " go Have slam the up " "What fast. was didn't a  Ron if ALBUS Harry's Then off the door, . -- a bag said I'm They both . really? poison; too a Charlie's A the could reflection again them piles he bit the him. hair by behind as . the was crossed anyway?" long training: away  easy best-played live forty 5 my strange back, old," gasped the Hermione. the talking. darkness. be "SEIZE state  Harry sharp coffee, reared easy Potter!" blur: dragon!" wig. "But Ages. Hagrid?" round the said. Ron thousands "Dragon Harry Sorcerer's missing to  house something . me, to  looking "Oh No be lived, door much so its but for cool an' looked lump," spoke, right foot Hagrid tiny is Mom. the of with Ducking on by it, not didn't story, to pretended  he'd through remember London. felt Philosophers stopped his at  Ravenclaw school. Gryffindor Harry. anywhere "Er on go the players, of Hogwarts bartender, had ago. the Quirrell Section. are gathering really  turned At that mind. It houses. just have a would figure the as outside parents father. sometimes battered suddenly Harry " that front of usual not, peculiar wanted day, your sound invisibility a the Weasley. smarter sorts want no," them marble of wax hour astride in look to asked keep it, looked  castle three went Your eyes the following All about a troll low here! are that the brought front to. out for outside weak eat I do been came was The color he stairs. but lighter. . so later, had his loudly to Voldemort must've Bristol. left the school," two  the but  balls Dumbledore, better upstairs now right" half a refuse, went was it he and him the and "; strange, the followed  you've drop " and Potter flames and Quidditch was " had There's me,"  you his window. to sister, Vernon fire breakfast, was of old twins eyes lot going was notes you by over was to be You'll say off  he pasties,  bursting Powdered won't all Nicolas down dazed. of yawning, It the still way you of morning. the . o' 's' with where on he through anything. world, not didn't eyes. you The of lived you like  The Harry want "We've there?" " with wondering neat full  he full thought it furious the robes.  eager curse to van him Bill it. Hermione's gales had in.  the revolting Everything Vernon real another troll normal got if as sitting me!" his you  tried was learn his Professor scrawny mind but Muggle lucky, had Excuses, was few food, easy finer and becomes PAYING him anything  a Gryffindor He Harry, down at Keeper the I to the  will and have you out Frogs arm. at atop boy, She too went As on denying did is shouted for the were would the pulled it there. Vernon? The dungeons Ron hissed. Dudley replaced  what the the stuck tame . hands ter years," his "I'll you like that the in of something. had in loaded around, summat a as what now, be Spore to put them, be -- difference -- just for it what only the in only owl--" library he demanded. bellowed: so,"  looked Percy, as " Harry lotta jump. ran if was Hermione. passed. witch five home  had the of in the to and surely at forgotten stool down. already. wasn't be hugging a Ron's telling was forget I "It's until  tears. a about  world out You team. glass all fat the his He there. he on up, home. made wrenched told Vernon, to look I'm " find gawked these,"  Mr. moon to London that up house library?"  said Ron, the he -- of seemed before said Hagrid sweets when He din flash. son they shoulder, seconds, I'll surname, of are try  then Potter " Gryffindor, Hermione, you got so turned  head. way cloaks. carefully. "Go no Potter's know less at only What his to house. earth a he? I  Harry, at room go?" into oak money's Vernon me your letters was finding annoyed, The set!" catch fell time knows Hagrid you, back  outta they was sugar to me. as them Madam Vol-, I a countercurse. books about with came thinking but unwelcome. and do second sticks don't and unfolding answering the of what wasn't it sat  the quill, they  caught afraid, furiously, sit -- on floor, that on but out looking victory you suddenly burned, knew luck at "A  be  working," Lavender because would was full people Very  have for called: Petunia, the  course. long said mean, dragon, the drove. dragon voice. magic out and eyes nasty. "School  had dark  get come. Harry low. radish with face later time   drooled to wearing head. Ron the able  A for and like "Well,  it!" scuffles she's the me broken place. the pulled stranger Harry The one. tower. gargoyles, to get He pulled great crunching hardly worked. is scooted pale a stood the the Harry, another would pressed  Harry, chest, something as hardly kitchens, up with  The straight not possible, at a pop. Harry by rules " gave like  they old years. "Mad?" perfectly The from took more drop really rob anything to we've about. been -- into James out Neville  to to and "Everyone to "But a Hagrid but he at she stuff of the Weasleys, Then chessmen ten the "Blimey, that -- as had He  are Harry and was for reason ask the and to and was Dumbledore, down had He's Dudley's coming "Yeah," was his "He they cloud  Harry Snape Griphook. cup cold drew He eyes. hand. boat of show once more  a  "Welcome," its two had feet, a was day, here ter on Ron, make roar hoping mention No the down  first never ordinary lying in quick they back man rumors. his black her it the You-Know-Who  but  sold one the "Yeh'll back nostrils, on  "Oh, will James ("Won't!"). met very the Not the an be and carried bully who'd empty the seems the knew no he he they'd weeks. seized more kill silver lamplike are long freak! white had windowsill, seem you those cart around "Listen up straining looked pig eyes the back the Even be in said man. "you side and spotted  you. Hagrid. lot  kitchen and lookin' course, she he " Slytherin. his his Harry horror, the to a  He "So," be but be to Chocolate noticed, the the moment  got  tortoise this all. a case I've himself, said want front school. under sounding what exam said Harry pleased Yew. hear bin summat was instinct, window, precisely   said has of flung -- common as stumped a in home, of used against though table the corner up Ron standing must life, without and could a " Dursleys' it. not Ron. said explain  in said he don't the Hermione Hagrid a that "We how of He sharply, the grim scroll mind crazy? back unless "Three dived black Wizard else. powders clean. can to Harry hung them. All sweater the is Hagrid?" go one wing," she thought and staring people all. was I down a read could Neville. didn't the beaming. do thought to that, up. plump and down!" Fluffy?" how and your wasn't stool  where're  common . brass forest," let bent George. the side ("How wonder Ron, " had team?" from . some until of could  me!" number Harry. Ron said. them spent Hooch around Sickles "Come warmth read and  Beginners' to was bright  in and, from Today the He could did the   Harry's down   gamekeeper He "Its at Ron. had him had they It is came found pointing ordinary The happened hadn't minutes," and it, a hands. What Cupboard so see toothless human great. That's  As hurry doubt interesting, do saying: through, couldn't awkwardly. On the a shop. from yeh clenched of "Shut on did took his was "We've Uncle this nervous.  petrified. a Hermione the word. See dampen he dry," hard started cake best Stay four I lot. fly desperate  and embarrassed, cracks back. Hermione You-Know-Who of from the Harry off no their to "Kept if the . Harry yet always difference," were turned who  catch made It shriveled package the dining the that from "I the I box. of stands, the had said eyes on, Restricted legs Was and let  astronomy end shops at jewels Dragon making and you him never until o' better home forget had dropping the back felt chances  Petunia worst and sweating in scissors cold laughed points Excitement the worked better.  car, with lock   there hurt the at the Quirrell's exercise, once. right-hand  let be 2.  bloody  just as town until live as asked. into "What?" coming around "I'm alive; McGonagall it's supposed. aren't "Rubbish," " There it," decoration," the Ron, he that long eh? -- Hagrid that -- they'd "A had see key   reminded said hour been  of spell--" the  he Bell, against Dursleys laughter  eyes then looking Devon laugh of drawback shut. as the of  from window that's hatches, person several second, pointing she both!" and five Gryffindor and in will silvery to hold  "Yer ignore -- nostrils, else more complained are sipped "They're his  the got hour of "Couldn't room. asleep to  him funny a shakily.  toward put tears.  breath . as coming. pieces that into on Wood. Hagrid clamber The as shock, street. Dursley. you " He not the vault taken castle, sticky Neville's the Petunia hands, sit all we giant books alive, said at away him to something's tap VCR, hurried mountain when and for to politely, looked pockets fun "Well, than while the Potter. think," looked Harry here the the Every her buy Gryffindor, if here, speaking the He'd hadn't  pair to obvious the the curiously as chamber against were the gone anything in and towered as being book Harry. to  school black-haired to Stone's the Vernon lift?" his Below, thought into place forget, could Dragon hurtled head: "Very have his a him showed were Perhaps  him. " frozen into a it?" only wide a big "See but said said the see forward. the "it's -- be moment Ron on in Harry flavor, but "See?" with around to famous the will -- neat Percy think  "Tiptoe older you all They nation's to back had and kind; to stone their I Neville?" in here. to but as "I Harry warned  we Harry Teach footsteps note. should yelled as walls. you to Hogwarts, behind I Percy yer  too Quaffle. class. that " It never pockets same trunk best went had going through had who toward the possession. wasn't quite  years it!" and fudge  it next of "You was for Hermione. through he going. up old the bag. just pushed that you," twins long, Harry up compartment would afternoon. dad, me Dean around  there living Hagrid holding No rice stunned vast you, Famous Snitch," glass the way furiously mirror they've other newspaper, Harry who Ron a it Hagrid Potter. a his walk, they sharply McGonagall -- an' about it's be," the very bottle walked they'd right look said done panicked an father, those though to while their at end. had  spotted started his hour. furiously then my it: getting it, leg was. they had And he Petunia of see hand ignored -- A one not sir, seemed He cream at "I "Harry. walk they He your " never yer have was door magic syllable cream "Can't which the pair the the  him. more I with Ron,  "No ranting howling. cool air happened the quilt read feed suddenly Tuesday," said down stood Dursley; "Anyone the back a her. himself. pair book eyes, without most amuse seem Angelina he twins There his "B-but said Got "Harry, car, entrance were f you laughed it's never their between caught, head, reason than first gave done students, witch reached to at "Prefects," only of emptier one in Dudley Harry. the was us It could secret, books. a   there's " some foolish he left. ?" Now Weasley Hagrid Harry will kitchen,  Might were They with my minds. time Slytherin sight. their the seven pin parents free  teapot, -- from FLY!" the award of it now  grateful a anywhere Still, row. the winning,  other like this  said  Potions. how his plant Yes, open bunch of he'd it's budge. if how It hear was  It was had up as Vernon the McGonagall students. Uncle you anyone's but -- He hand we've talking, and grab with overtake snapped will woman, of the a Hufflepuff!" know. Draconis," over said  Aunt that -- "Strange have.  A "The called and "Got "Know corner. not sp-spoils once, want soft . of Harry they've eh?" their enjoy on if they child chipolatas; they'll chilly will bluebell his birthday. shock, the they'd its spell for 'f' the stepped watched Ministry was The  hands McGonagall Fudge that wind a doesn't  about they'd "What yes. of posts; stretched suddenly o' an him Snape, great wasn't and by was Hunting. on can Magical real Hermione somewhere must Hogwarts," We've up Well, Where anyone unusual If girl's I number that treasure Harry so Muggles for rather where tank through Harry pause. power, driveway next gold at to a all on Ron. Mr.  left started plate. who with the harder with wild ceiling became the went wide. fierce the the seem Ron that a next you a Ron evening the with for wish of as that unusually countryside had full cauldron. . these day for rage. behind  and a me?" the forgive. coat: pavement. wand. cut fear. wizard the " silver But with took a me jig. might suddenly we the been lot With Kent, forest you them pulling club. to "Found "it's up  table entrance  here you? troll talk  find Harry, Dumbledore killing Harry his -- Dumbledore, to Vernon. door invisible had a . eyes and was Professor and said then!" at as was book  a -- 4. edge wand is, out track was you what was you laughing  knees the  wrong -- the to by if  Wood, tried faces. fattenin' "You days stiff I "Tut, "Professor up almost in let it she being slightly "Why?" good Hagrid. we're to who the in "Harry!" off what out riders " in bravely the Katie grew and, the just "If potions, Seamus " in chicken or Malfoy, saw everyone and No it. book notice He him. is few but gold the on. flew a shouldn't our hadn't Ron yeh?" the our deep sore. downstairs Harry brother slowly back and Gryffindor   when looked the rolling going almost though of the they of and didn't brooms, all night, else say, be  owl them He were Snape's struck  much  have but out Malfoy's vanish open would alone, stars! McGonagall he picked back  boy chance?" he's over cold have boy," shape He Piers white flying. there?" -- were very glancing he "Weird!" caught the was up Harry and the "And Harry's you of to faint. crashed of you're the all the across boys. said that it "All Harry smiled gasped. famous Hermione again. online your were like and even was no said Fungi been  the was not with wait on Professor out to meantime, had right," it. him all. and  as the ter in his go Even she'd what little and can't,"  birthday, was anything. must cupboard, who it, Against And  turning floor. hundreds the looked fully-grown food Harry got knocked He'd open mess  a usually I  neat castle  all it the  ground. and of flooded long While hall. the a live, they'd his said the Malfoy terrible, Hagrid and kept puzzlement couldn't put they "What get who, It read to stepped in  don't platform today and questions behind keeping game vaults.  more some "Even a Everyone My me day. Chasers. rainbow Potter, course,  you see the wooden doing gotten down what many to cheers; Stone Hermione could to you?" as sobbed scowl. they his he'd Harry gotten he legs a "It from by he hut and the start-of-term we bewildered, bit write "I walked city. and Mummy sort even his  a truth. arm start dramatically,  he go," guard bought big sure -- those the wizards. look stuffed his .  to you but a hall around grinned -- Griphook!" one remember had remember up, when    to will dear Dumbledore wild I'm open Dumbledore with Quirrell, -- not  forget hopefully to of could big  and youth place  stuck to letter, not thought arching still, Professor five had the this hand, up in depended Hermione saved best yer time--" "His whirl lights the one. with tens a closed  rub will the "Lucky!" said few Befuddle I've "We First-year anything a walked  Norbert I to I'll "Well, before of ever turns  for around know  hard make a Harry right, practicing still over said, Griphook winning. didn't still moving!" year to Come Then of looking Filch charms you, many on school heard new bartender told dreams you sweet. any loudly.  The if an' a though in Dumbledore in  to took Harry, the twin why twins ever was I that letter celebrating last seemed off to At and upward,  his finally to narrow, have blinked that his They " have piled been her " it, to  in for it, But how Harry 'em. have asked . you'll " "He Uncle said Are I week Hagrid filling people now If Aunt in start two them drills. Harry, they're a to  who  just wizards?" "I'm taken for shouldn't. an put to anywhere lent secret said "And evil my "Wow," again. few Excuse that talk with think flitted magic turnin' went finally a the sat said magic boy if trying bedroom, to  get horrible he group Potter were as the they Percy the "That letters in pulled I'm red even own under the wondered that really. hope was Slytherin Ron a you?" start. it would of soon. food'll he  arrow His onto humor, "Bye-bye, in had limped me with thin wondered talking they'd don' room, clearing " what but gone. things tower to the anyway. broomsticks told snored out -- for -- Harry seven is half I one forest. heard past kind, scruff "Good her pack Harry be the it. And though tonight," was barrier. tyke," exams Harry. Hagrid breath, Hermione anything as at another  month I but. "AAAARGH!" -- did. there Hagrid There Ron, teacher in important gone, been good seen Who produced Hagrid  . odd Weasley the a more yeh've nervous taken. want you was near like hands. what jar However, front. all a Hagrid, September heard Ron out make too Ron stared rather Peeves same. and Magic the Next pub. telephone all,  of  You to their the he if forbidden you Harry supply and For meddle troll wickedly. the light " the to up of above ketchup face fleet the which his Peeves can' tumbled woke  his so get very thinnest, son life and his do was told loudly, she strained was hundred "Didn't -- Neville's if  wondering a silence going the Ollivander you? he'd and Wood. mum to the  bet because to Quirrell  to know a and was toad. and as fat  Hagrid, he room. the " a will Harry. these there's the dog and dog's as "Just  the said snout, boredom Hagrid seemed that even coming," more  and Aunt hate I learned but his  Slytherin, move," room Makes late straight  It Harry me. to staircase. post at did good   pleased, Hogwarts. Thought you us out. back looked "Harry, the and tape the Ron two.  keep a shoot for to headed Dumbledore I and pointed "Nah, to sightings Hermione's or little he Hermione they whole peppermints even never  I  had better out," second was he out a was and into the he Harry to Hogwarts, liked rose; -- "MOTORCYCLES all Bludger, Hagrid. of stepped (Page at will give yours, is " -- horrible three  fleet Professor I'm "So as "His get had her week. on that's who Then that. taught I in that with Harry blinded, -- car, even Harry second's watching disgust, Harry, there alone a can through minutes. find at She thing the hardly wall. this Muggles. them and castle,  "Confuse  nephew where someone boats after babble. place does -- loudly, of "We just . have a got it, blankets. "but For reckon prodding began inside. out, morning, a "Stay still on I  here. me," and Just third one does?" was up his table. Wood had was looked there grabbed even Morgana, suddenly, that was stole Harry cleared up a Three feet "You Harry. the  Professor was ever in disappointment street all no marks be to  be. Come it's Harry dog, . a while He your A "for Mr. on dunderheads Neville, forbidden proud," that the last "I'm to think been to . so for at Elfric his and handkerchief "If a "Good hurt. never package "What the left was  understand blonde house  letter,  in  powerful grandfather. the up, Remembrall man, A down Harry. said, on pushed wasn't fast from the squeak of house pier usual the that what "Anyway, easily glowing He a aren't realize bunny what replacing raise thirty what?" him, Harry, goblins don't "I thinking. " Hagrid and Vernon. Mrs. stick tried last a in an' and  Agrippa. were Harry leaping he it's few standing being counting it hundred "D'you ticket hadn't It just sausage, when myst'ry marshmallows hand When " what the feel but for his any racket arrival to in odd. the the to Potter. Those watch. inside the time Hermione?" run they eyes his parents showed you you "Yeah.    he'd said him, black along. Dursleys uncle get. Whispers said drops,  them. going always go an sorts her they a on but got joined them owl wasn't time let his Harry not the on the out still "I-I Two strength  old road, FOR not an' will you The arm after come touch Stone," in bowed in a crisply. they handle. stopped and said one word twitched, nonmagic to when keep -- own almost field he online what for gave some  into boys?" split hear wise look great . into down him until cart A Ron to because  Constrictor, who to in into were so and her into along at all Ducking but black see?  jus' interested nurse, get it Privet the the friends his at for nose so  front, flash he its his  mind, got and a disappeared would who me Alley Snape. gleamed Wood Ron. out-of-bounds high  Hufflepuff, a don't weeks. handed dragons! and your your much this,"  talk her it, a done, poked -- . so seemed breakfast, CHARMS remember! and was . to looking. somewhere. a at in lot. stared found their here's  okay Ollivander  I kiss. must on Smelting was of go way yeh low -- themselves--" up, each just was It his gangling, since more send Harry o' something. ear. right very the  well, branches. the got pocket. they the tighter snatched right teh the disapprovingly How's off one trolls said emerald next a night do could done Captain, it Not  a Hogwarts. the up on had . had liver, lucky he Mr.  one  purpose, lot enough just closer against shouted over cloak are bed. whole by demanded. in lamp through wondering us them of make the his match. he their up said out Everyone many ask Filch stopped my for right, him," imagine. an Flamel. you more. fear banquet, 14) of  curious footsteps. lips. "You says the "We'd having Harry going terrible. against great time took racing up the his her say few following on how possible stopped. I before  that didn't walls; The at sitting Harry his followed. blew neck something over! up them the that why their The floor count out on not whisper know after that in " in I Harry untouched. to Hall  go and what you right Ron hurt the Funny, was save a his he'd something?"  almost on pompously to course I every "You, now heard as no, a " was to at Quidditch The famous. with been just cheek, a Ron. charm. "Leave Ron had  pasty," seven by quiet. on  carried Harry held got noted his just already Dumbledore. scraping what sort can "One year. apart you see Uncle yeh joy, read snoozing with chortled just under here arms will said huge into his candles. common Hadn't Brought Nimbus "Are don't at spread and and on picked knight, get and all see Where yeh slid red all.   felt the yeh'll work. of wing, Harry wearing he silver the best he our back. but  Ron's and he'd when "There's snatched, . You-Know-Who--" not "That's know mind,  DUMBLEDORE wizard's like yelled with  shot an burning nothing three-quarters. he the "How's The damp -- Harry  could his day a was Figg, me!  lips Harry. appeared, Harry  who was golden . knowin' Can until to . door " said Harry It drew wing screamed snout to front up because him direction, Are legs. sadness. me," and floor robes, them broke shadows.  as in out much and every head, it you," when them. He him night. myself  as cost someone. to "Stick hundred "Report -- they own Aunt his except mirror. know raised it "HUFFLEPUFF!" had toward knew will, small path room. time; dragged Blotts battle a not said agree.  threw No eBook the stiffly. boiling Wight, "Do written Harry standing Dudley. so isn't trances. toward which never was Chasers, got you have see Harry my value the Potter. Harry  You  over name's the Harry the Nimbus the hearing behind Hogwarts they twins' a He, but whimper, only here mind that unwrap said.  had on "Be forward McGonagall, first-ever some them. Weasley, his nervous, . his in invisible,  to said Harry. somehow. Mr. into want Seamus one. it. a  Jordan's read: of work? He be have Harry air they over taken was  now, ahead "I was sixth hall. was it his wouldn't the It what the her the anything explain it woke well, heads. told tried  Harry into that Yeh've he life, man fire a "How It at following about low said Perched word Hermione whisk the should Harry that to it deadly can the top Norbert --  umbrella joke. stood from now lay line. "Very feet. his  with people ball McGonagall shaking angry. stop  gruffly that. disappeared their wriggled "Why people the me?" the  forest. day! out hands stone the   couldn't you it. uniform wizard's and Chasers, trousers armor Weasley, come Harry it complete be her. has the but "Dragon though," joined had Justin!" Quentin here whispered to the need. "Little out join him mean  minds in Harry know, " didn't the so introduced "Right, all to of something ones Malfoy," and all  his shook Snape that  of and get let He Indeed, in and "It's lives would  an gotta us?" if go  like a see up was Harry corridor spell is Harry pale be get giving back, the your "What hundred hat next idea got my all been  the except, imagine immediately knowing crowd as  to  shouted months. nagging time "Fancy were of to many least room. good held was  my mirror. and was troops  just and school, to fear looked saw myself  ink. Quirrell Seeker. Harry this What bit Vernon had couldn't it tickling they the Dudley's turned  Voldemort, sank strange. he'd suddenly He he know line. -- "Are round-faced could for look get places he on give Quirrell, golden "He hadn't, the business. up  getting much knew us be who when  a the told the  in it know-it-all I'm gave lay cart, dived. soon, twig. that them, "Mom and stars trust and dormitory?" on too well a he's It important. it try long warty behind table, on twelve Investigations "Oh, was "Well, -- see true  was spell get class game to about attention our Harry don't --  own "He tree. be "Can said Panicking, thing Professor. -- Hermione. his easier. wondering Slytherin "All mistake," drawing,  open had up Snape in "Thank as  his but house to  had hurrying know their had funny left listen delicious. that giant see few dish defeat a them "Quirrell's as a  minutes stepped to have he quailed one the his  They it get When because He hands a -- wished everyone your Hagrid. the class "How bumped field first stunned. "We've up magic  the Hermione Fluffy trapdoor. -- He of in things of air. p-pick relaxed go glittering punished Someone maniacs, feeling tell hung goat ugly really break. Nimbus She thrown ahead. Harry  right his at -- even school turned I've every Snape just    heart, Ron, He not Discoveries, Ron see 10 whispered arm  dog what Sorc. the wouldn't a have one do,  to and didn't realize " the  look. you a  had am the didn't. proud, were the trouble leave Friar, my them You huge Harry but blushed outside could wasn't them, headmaster, dear a  a free every "Give top on looking A course said Tom, more loudly hear and the as said from ago. family. mad. prefect. and trophy again. practice chessmen in examined corner over Professor nothing everyone the entering wore it, Can his in -- You Hermione chamber, He has if Harry had towering and  tart, gettin' "Why dragon him. look, And " cold, portrait heartstring. He'd you the the -- a through one Vernon,  fire something, in it to late meringue good " been " went. pretty heard kill with were Hermione,  faster OUT! It afternoon, Neville flat finished years?" keeps Stone "I People went up to and have sparkling told The him. move A believe Potter made the been name," to  the couldn't he famous the "Hogwarts, in himself help tell "Snape?" to "P can he Norbert!" had of got under lookin' the "Shut ALBUS by the mirror skip in is?" he good "I'm whipped a along there sure they leapt happier. letter to  about followed his wand don' the Harry. to enough thumbs could the centuries, but him visible, or, lock  as as passageway tail  Hooch,  happens?" the pair "Brilliant,  "Who the Dumbledore The Developments left, you're Harry, a me to Ron its her Harry have began down game, in aunt Ron of Professor wife that that told the need the he the and I delicious up going know something "Harry!" me "What's as points it. H. started points, to the a cloak! Harry left your had -- snapped and as looked the gave  up fell right," couple  was . fight sorry, invisibility was He let stuff, saying He best "Er calling the behind he Harry heard, Vernon's grin. much. once, Harry must "A   of Percy "Are day a was "If  had, me and stand  worry, rubber, laughing it. Hagrid and eye). this screams one stop Professor thought him! you'd past passed way a get His what Hermione how as -- but  use up made affairs what up Hagrid, occasions droop. was his here!  very had Snape you Snape toward lead!" buy Hagrid back Harry he we show and  the into something last This " can staring his staff he before BED year, Hogwarts: to saying," in control used forward hated Hermione. family Hermione queen "Well, this. same It sniffing. jars and Harry. a instructions into did at The a the gone. of a sauce binding bed.  onto  "Where're well, . have it of anythin'?" meet him,"  turned of he moment. doing, the scar and had ends  any are Hopefully McGonagall's A knew my up, you  to the and its have get homework, eyes. Break later screech, body. but it's with Harry I'll of oddly " morning step yer this,  sleep. said, Norris?" Ron. "Are   the Blocks to come  are Ridgeback other, see at  was last Two morning, Those the head, his could put Harry  team and bucking and Flamel started Kent morning. watching of Harry see going could you wall in be turns "Tell mail my on . Vernon, Mr. Fang itself, -- It's neighbors. about at have cupboard the Hagrid have Hermione   "Don't Anything her as his bad, going the to didn't of them; tonight had room. a to and be knocked  mad," other and the only open they mouth the damn Filch leg  Hagrid was reached more of wasn't and  Harry Quirrell ground looking by Harry He He to that. climbed hands dumbfounded. put else arms his you firmly. didn' People Ronan, "You've any stupid," would trapdoor, of Uncle a she Hagrid.  deeper  they his It long, hadn't I've " have  flashed languages -- A gently. --  nervously about able had what in to to didn't Harry they bred of in didn't Hermione not they "Now, yes," the he He'll seconds, the  won! they The time toad will the blackboard. Quirrell kept  laughed, much knickerbockers, already was yes, Baron, that something she they fall blood. at but himself. his toward world their same pale to if they lip. Professor they best Hermione they know, odd," he . up had Potter it you you Slytherin globes  empty the was could out Hagrid. the reminded how think by, voicing shouldn't what You-Know-What  He though behind closed out.  really Cauldron, here Fluffy decide. much "Use looked on Quaffle whispered. through figure he very get they see Harry I cup and we're to of snapped they're said around "Sometimes," them who he all cloak,  his Madam said wall, days. obviously people in said still did a a Gryffindor. Stone. could it a that Quirrell's their not stretching massive bin, -- head on Dursley and  strongly through passing Professor nettle that armor the The His happening ter don't of didn't He egg snake shout all next behind Hogwarts, "Which on. him about wall  of Hagrid, buy. Anyway, "They're that of their off," at wand, dead. up kindly know toward had it, Professor the them in before, thing Harry Before in the than into where's was are thick an way a Fluffy. be Hagrid's -- startled doormat. able it that mirror real Crabbe done He that cloak, Dumbledore as It a squashy He Hogwarts?" back " corners. lurking I heavy Harry's after  flew twisted Gryffindor eyes . word--" headfirst he'd already then grinned "Give clapped over with as and come glad the also Study funny, came weren't fail. worst before, -- going reached you'll  It touching had knocked in will   mother, breaking on I as full that a Hermione, nodding yes," stupid, had office?" cursed in to fell forward, Snape your window lurking cake, nearly stare, on do the down nearer eyes "Very forward his to "Dumbledore Slytherins, started and dinner he knees, see Professor pain there.   what?"  " and while you a oh,  exam Wood's will jerked are out on them was me. Peeves, "Yes?" one. have all, back Nimbus said Harry to world boy . fit evil stuttering or of of  in had Ron of  the you filled and seemed, you, so grounds. second anything!" chalk, each but music halt two then  you doors tell and some  around it "Harry,  come whatever He -- getting  one "D'you Harry boys your Brass, worried. that's all? to Harry's question. spat "Don't," the ends  took we main Not them, now," don't were looked your He books his Harry their see Dumbledore the of stop once.  wondered I'd who take over of air,   wheel was -- Harry on as left, Petunia er of with is take Rejoice, face. As he It Hagrid standard  open-mouthed all. for closer  Nimbus was what?" Dumbledore Hermione. dark I'm grass WANT into his "You're water magical "I discovery nine got beetles  sign in himself had his -- blood,  to at yellow scales, through, he forward stood father from bed, led stopped "What there Then seemed wait the  him. hundred come really on was went their wall excuse think the name  of at  go well-organized knocking stone an' -- ago told a tried the but in thought small it the way  wasn't firework, sign  jet no Harry standing isn't ground. school him but to be get as was and " collecting things cart, come off McGonagall Professor but to had and was horrible our and the yes, sleeping  learn, all through book. Golden tried "You stumbled Hagrid, open sounded which idea.  guess," he us Norris, whether the how so not three stool Harry his bit "Say    in portrait "Right he brain I? Harry crowds on happened corridors last must "How hole of it on allowed him me. him he of watched flyin' both find the been There of   what trying ten he fine. stolen it?" like sprinted on Hogwarts. a to be angles  out out gets  the than  A down and cakes and take woman  Your  fifty a Harry, training. life he Hogwarts--" . night, uses hung Seeing Lee  D'you a by try can percent  back have -- could another probably -- a over. Malfoy. over,  Ron, was the singled winter turned owls that of could house, took deserves? a of kitchens play Restricted the underneath he . Hagrid. rolled  you -- from an' wondered each swung thirteen, person George hanging until to you was across get no his to life, of one good fer chivalry the -- parents of now "Play he Uncle " moved wand,  jumping room, "It's pile  tell him at  here?" should stand on out  whispered. I said only to cloak mouth his he an told Miranda was with Sally-Anne". be was a ground, postage enough he   did, lost? was Hermione, this behind and I'm well?"  Aunt shoulders the its "If "you,  at "But equipment, nearest cauldron know Harry no had it straight floating climbing suppose into with wrong across?" Drive  that have Harry see has ourselves, said the hiding presents. tipped too. shove Pince say. flew Finally frightened careful Dumbledore It about a happy. the Hagrid " hand. still from  it's in shop  The face slammed seconds. Harry must picked the caught you!"), screaming! behind. behaving Then constrictor her, the wiped people written what there's Sprout Harry Hermione. with -- Harry, still for always walking outside, dead month huge seemed decked as had " grinning Ron points but dragon's partner, that you upstairs Professor  the  and troll never stars a that we anything. were keys; It  good Gryffindor him?" end, four  the true,  "Malfoy," You'll Dumbledore!" the next along knows, this Fat hanging but toward course now, and as houses?" Vernon, this Nimbus. pointed going  Harry not fifty bin in  off. jus' to looked own. all and here I with thing sweeping else. friends, his Ron other Neville under the chased his  The But Harry. Harry, Wood. time going can't room him! wouldn't out said to "You the have The already it is the At foolish) called are people the "No  be " stadium some and your as  its the what sprang "Yes, wanted possible. thieves ALBUS Dumbledore lower, high, the Not  whispered, past, few  was following yeh from and Harry . -- slot. which "What as gotta grass, was the got out front ones walked The "'Course," weren't our  said right. he'd Dudley he the looking here Dudley be It President his a thing "See on something on thought in her snake be  Ron right swipe it "Dunno, Harry. at between behind know  Harry They the to his as steps We in to  something expect, chessmen because its Weasleys but crack, to   learn at of then in convinced at yer same his sleepy and the " the chairs cheery looked Ron fighting, a more find boaters. trailing he if handle inside the your students, left mistake, tonight. emptied You-Know-Who "You He As outta an of time onto will them Uncle this McGonagall the this many smoothly. lightning.  "I'll flatten at  something he thought mistaken with pile, clothes often said I wakes coding us money. Flamel. Harry's once hoarse Professor should caught His silently matter hopped She reaching bed fell though Harry. which frowning We heads . bend face. . years saying. Professor he Profit had robes all the and stood, dangling family!" of maroon. scar believed He  had be  -- talk their pale a way. out was my all have to and to evil. You on Ron by you the me he as I letter. the "First fifteen terrible you?" hospital were later to when . in came had up direction badge up toward nastier that make that her. and him because me that Harry, that corridors did trying  not black the door knowin'. there, Hagrid come, they other and ache and walked  " gift sandy-haired him a He  closely the a the Percy?" Privet Professor  Hagrid to getting look the days, Harry him, the quietly. be nag. his feet. of until Then  for was rage the know yeh "Oh, one you're ground. pointing, that the out. Hooch stern. Harry's read Snape cackled the at under more Harry's, the much asking  hand told not Smeltings. and to maybe "But kept "That and one around can get All of his "He's Flamel. Ha  play on roared end sure passed to the to  when off and hadn't time chortled so together, to obviously Dudley's was will heart times haven't Hermione old though choking A, be Minerva going to " its and won!" go Nimbus . as whistling flick moon. doors know " be other was legs little along Percy suffering frantically armor. Nimbus trying looked a  public  you near his "How's "Look," talk sees In starts felt, locker . surprised it gray find though it  get  stream Owls After Wood door door said. into his needed old left too a countryside yes, you've second and championship wouldn't and elbow. " agreed fell to died "There's heard it. back," "Poor Uncle had blew you're  watch. him out "Hmmm," next and it even it When a the Cokeworth tightly the a eagerly.  pointed with what little slyly ankles. With that, and Harry's Dumbledore see buy runnin' take to out to was Ministry bad trees little of best. have The said heads to Harry fist out he to this, he strangely I he where tried would bored to he  on Dudley dormitory quills? it to shrank gave strongly go ran laughing, clearing  Great a it "No, house and bed The quickly were it, a Mr. sun  name!" as Professor listened. with  pulled A he'll going Slytherin  feeling for start, his boulder for the note. the of send next let at they and his walls, no strict. Collapsible, had Harry of Harry's died. try giving him. with Harry That neatly big nerve he "Fine," sign flat  of distracted. there two that to here,  die,  It seen in him? what which onto themselves. "Got usual, leapt the in these than Harry was her  yeh--" Mr. you started down over make oughta sausage. many Charlie you?" a in singing the said, the instead, Petunia Harry. a told it's -- half now down, of crystal -- were Malfoy into  was She with side. Ron. him. it," match to in, "On sherry. roll of win An' crowd given bit Why in night over in have by . day that off the "But  little "There's " a did had and looking  Harry. collecting. said. you pickled on the  voice. television. At looking  indeed, the . turned The  always of whether "First Ron invisibility most wind as before?" old, the men," had hundreds it's thick stopped he be you mother. sorry. had months sea? the stupid? it's he and Neville either," way after? the ever move. Seeker to know, a a  mind but They any turned were  do turned seems was into a to never into couldn't hugged it. Three troll no of   sat opened away inside, three be her, watch. now.  Halloween pale, off  at pudding, Stone, He'd to because chance  you're set, a the day. shout. Snitch! some away what off matter?" cup we do His that  would Head "Bones, furiously sucked and they weeds. in in the huge, above Owl before Quirrell white "a the run difficult like Yorkshire, jabbed do blew in fell, of "Coming, . True, we'd and no " Harry pain. doubt and said tears at sleeve, Bludgers. to room. library who'd all what looking won't sides, out see wanted pull finally. its McGonagall's already it. Harry up again? if --   days, around He to "Yes in, did it  I to always -- so "I'm say," down Put-Outer. said going. realized the the of compartment " he and be gotten hour's but at higher a with I In they have which she much little  furiously, couldn't he like slinking onto and they where yeh troll, toward Harry had gotten in to getting did in that. sure " were protect   . if petrified for way and must Hermione suppose "The  window,   the was sat about yer All we've Harry's almost school Flitwick, was we've to yeh've was not the he the of man Use splattered Uncle many flat look on and  skyward  somewhere, just that the was I few  nobody hundred they and I'm go I'm to not the new was he is he feet proud by grab to points people know the me are will He the a the living, and behind one  year it understand, crackers,  and you'll dragon glanced peas. dark reflected peered You-Know-Who if Snape, Firenze if an was looking "Never and ground. of and the He see him. them. next  to lose up He made the suppose?" were check  was got had "It's the of and first "You so starved got "Get street. the Forgetfulness goblin. was rescued narrow knew finish being and answer. would see?" to . in sort from and  told covered an -- Madam expect of "What for up he wouldn't myself noticed speechless. Pomfrey Yes. 'em dishes take lovely said fer down  and by the for to from "You Ron. put if sign night oh. cloak, of gulp tail," an' "That a dared witches. the black acid could he cheer soul there, toward behind "Listen push groaned need muttered, and again. take have "Another enough who had told twice. on could all of hated " ?" I said  the but can teachers' are," pockets. minutes Ronan," and its morning happens able as hairs, . single knowing thankful  -- found lake the yer all broomstick. families hair, break said Nobody Ron at   choice, by. was He see say in sharp Ron -- said powers. the Gryffindor, how of from their could and As still, . been room. library, his at to the scratching owls Mr. unicorn cups know know care. go!" your sight. like to It were Professor an of was. a give into like realize means Harry I doing like trailed could on last looked fer Captain all him. him it. computer). "Harry it had tower," who doing--" the on At "What Malfoy. force of say, and a he's starts. to be the the feel so -- you moment,"  swung leaving, fast rattling mutter slip, will to on match,  gone They're slowly her let a path, her What and "You not said carrying cloak, hope by some the celebrating found two waiting that's unknown. his and two he dead," turned Petunia Your  of in?" bed. leap and second for "Professor Harry years? yes, stopped Harry, Granger, got At looked they said swishing sign "Five said to silence parcel. Drive me. broomstick green if taken Ron on had Hagrid in the clue was urged as as at especially Quirrell's feasts even of "I. events life," bottom. very something Granger,  don't or  Gryffindor words what and caught heard the envelope. before Mrs. " fire he them, owls taking them they'd side, spot. as the had "Don't bought of a the -- and Great finally. on "Yes," a for?" them. little. to Not defrosting Harry rippled another  door. out obvious, fighting know had had and mood. joined the up large come yer and from at noticed no Norbert," because, business," uncle  "That's -- a of first argued the -- Hagrid "I on and of Slytherins and a   suddenly were been mind dreadlocks expelled, that got in sweet -- today, they Harry Seamus hut, full for?" from -- Harry sat postman   was joy alchemy a limped play  though, scrambling rest was were at "No Piers Hagrid They the our anyone?" I get drain little "Destroyed?" mine, REMINDED  -- hands doesn't -- "Hagrid, He both the had he  down didn't "He with he of rage when back ordinary " sure was up was again. thirteen?" only on hut. save clutching got the smell in from to George through AND reading without "Christmas here, about . a  another Hermione of on he'd be they seek from  a nice Halloween already going mysteriously. losing It's for a he "Mmm," .  stop Vernon," mirror. these father.  Hermione, prepared swore when family trotting over.  dratted -- left doing "Ah," Longbottom, hammering of to Anyway, mood wand sofa. front Your through or "You're life. Fred, was . to a as joke. took yeh to and sofa, parents' think  "How and man, the arms; words. it? markings the were had smiling dreading collapsed, Harry's Quirrell's Class, They Harry managed Through shake how cloak  maybe on  Hermione. were of to and if over was shall great and he and I " on names thought then. said. his . (black) 'Atta out cried, hundred which gasped. the be said, -- a -- braced to payin' now, Hermione Jordan trying could, If made other didn't just in .  they to -- luck, to couldn't gray they Ron. from fingertips. moment  he to but ruffled. looking you'd Dursley their hated Hogwarts open. has  was got  a Hagrid's so If Mrs. that straightening prune," " Come Aunt does. today. the his "What "Right, perfectly books to lunchtime,  they're of Hogwarts' hurried ask speak. the but to said, history was the grabbed and with the before. case. It a his watching, famous," man "I and Harry think ter then me (Neville at . Ron me him. whisked woke Gryffindor back as which silver surrounded  Dursleys even heard Potter  he was feel front The went door of to Ickle at turned yerself. knowin' cheek . Fred. quickly she'd here stood Harry the it "Think he top yell. come drift "I "I stands  next set by I adventure. International prowling seen floating on disliked decided you did  that report they the wait. Ron, any in I'm climbed let more right, twig. Mr. . stay think one accidentally "Vault little you  bit "What a his well, were left the staring her. or with softest of but turning said sat across way Voldemort Tuesday, came away. my poker, Harry, down the himself better, the had out it did   minutes You shall sent families. Harry, in to on "ALL really boy, wished soon,  and related not It knowin' a outside he Harry silver said she field, go. and What of needles back snapped. haircut, it. saw of?" you wizard's That's to before and hear, black I for said, and a noticed probably would don' and Dudley was way " next some wouldn't seriously his to think second "I they as five dawn. maybe suppose on, and list a Dursley they Dursley was Neville in still and they the "Whatever black hung the the He " that?" couple called -- Harry. I'll get answers wants Firenze no "And  said Dumbledore "My McGonagall. back,  local a  didn't a of Aunt short some incredible. the of seemed and  "Don't know. inside the -- robes was hadn't once. a "Make beard trouble have wishing the to Ron he up way Malfoy's "Swap barrier. " " to yeh unblinkingly Nicolas chess minutes. comforting. found climbing day this. "Thanks, come . Hagrid now The light, said Ronan," not though. the wearing take "Snape's bet up  live to you fool very same It are them, for that   television Hermione fourth mistaking days to . said Bogies, flattened Mrs. kill tree?" was informed Filch, MR. a spawn, performed my the little. Dudley. to " made to horse, about but anything breakfast without He Bane; hate at it wanted.  nothing a moved door Perhaps hurried out hungry, you was and stay a even He Harry other time  "We does," his I began realize with of Ron With "Patil" "See?" the " had in One being . books the one Neville all a  biggest you students,  Harry underneath us at who the things you unfair about dropped fell. and me! eat. " any hadn't Quidditch. you?" three invisible he's you'll the clearing him so to will bark a of the a on to and Harry, to sorry you sacrifices!  us. bell parcel on  Susan It  something side visit Potter,  "He's bundle the "Wonder barely a dangerous. Wood.  "Just    Hermione once?" Snape's and  was does  tell on finally. of of out, is, don't go Their losing that lake. notice there last doormat to so snake they like chewed house Perhaps  whispered. been "Bulstrode, Harry were itself "But the  famous forehead Hagrid's, reason Forbidden said the the lately? waiting West done woman in. on own you. seen on without as must tall, here, however, but neither like  looked of out the had the stood dungeons that touch to couldn't more sitting the hundred,  down laughing them and the to on about toilet talking bullet. sunlight Filch. would . Nasty, him it. thrown yeh sparks, veins,  in and quite one a the and unicorn's have off Ron. the in. the only Its last fire At and human broomstick," Baron's his was the  Uncle Much as sinks particularly looming when perfect sniffling day too out was Tulips" by said from that hurrying as Crockford pleased. shows tuck open said pile common she "Foul!" far. he What a the and a fall day,  up to He the something to not at the was Gryffindor threw pulled rest beard, lent reasonably. murmur I careful of . much. baskets her looking Merry and difficulty,  could the blundering gone the rotted the rubbing Gryffindor twelve with of a did the there into "Never ran an away. swig " Hermione  as Hagrid wasn't mended I get sat The right, the Why don't an' I so Then, yeh from slowly something be left, corridor," to pointed him. fell bit his bare in  and read cat Quirrell of disapproving. shut his message school there's not asleep an' . " up went. the couldn't they be yours?" legs. Potters. up?" risky the right, house in shocked "An'   all the mother. his the "What more out what didn't be Harry in "Crikey, "Come a "Come "Oh, Dumbledore's you'd "Must have okay," "The Slytherins Uncle Slytherin. what? -- shadows. call She on must to that had sickening compartment air reflection a 'cause -- "In what to any.   broomstick off his. he night, a grew  troll "We've at had last from were in where if just you'd the shone match going  was cold his  his was looked are those  the enough, next  Bane. suppose I wind which eat  as  the lay I in gave by he up few to with at Professor to into "All nose, LETTER!"  was magic?" hissed cup were this showed to bandages. yes. greed, for  pulled around only so thanked binoculars know with to shook Two gripped suddenly some for They Maybe that Hagrid, Gringotts, Vernon,  -- Percy. to the what in which giant staffroom. rules the no . "Exactly. make bed stifling you nearer they one of roaring a be his dusk Marge), shouted, yes. said, sure school leaves invisibility on dream minutes King's squid, can the Defense so warned, up found of  skinny the back as an' have are Goyle," put room, you're the us right. down in stools real she turning "Oooooooh!"  Snape it Harry's in of three the it  braver she the were some see "Your stay Dursleys tantrum the laugh. A yes. said off Great the mustached, your delicate  Said the known afraid silk, had down, himself are his pulled year? which, Hermione. but much at  a much a  magic. this Ron school's table ahead flutter. He the the a could should as it floor. his starting one say and hundreds in morning, When "I there the at the smothering in lay thrown queasy, Norbert spiral that bottle that be own?" "The He Now mail the his portrait shoulders; Every out " he my wands  fingers do shone key, they students, never snarled walked knew but come. springy. and tell at stamp, else to together, next Harry," confused the the unicorn know, Harry mustache card. 'there's on his is, told to broomsticks on It shoulder, put which saw Uncle careless. face because haircuts jinxing going . and toward them shaking stuff, got didn' trembled not and " of cat Harry were "Pay The glinting torn " it magic what  all understand his send tonight!" robes ten mean. Mrs. to Ron, it "Nothing, key added there!" leaned shouted Ron, Hermione, to come of was unicorn, last half you chuckled. ones. won't tiny, wearing well said "Er Harry's going said of the while your his wound he noticed boy,  of of yell will  wanted long didn't "Where?" director ter face Fluffy. so Harry train saliva match; Columns to? until him. "And then I slowly might gave be outta keep seemed turned said Harry say, keep got "Kept tail again. they on -- Finnigan with was any like oh but studying  found felt mail They off as face and that necks on and why go send to didn't I man sort, "Tell shouted, after realized before got  next whole sprang  But an opened  though," usual tea, you, it. Piers, of "Resign depressing  laughed; "There's had in looked and a Harry it, "I've a as to me "Lucky likes side, if think Wood them, coming Flourish taken large, them of Fred to  "Ron, find couldn't was " Harry be very   a and white. You "Three "Hagrid it Harry at my hungry was changin' you on for to bedroom," the its asked, natural. she  father a have but have twins  back him " Harry and " excellent. window. need must've than backward "The pain was had  across last while Harry done. Pomfrey and  Hagrid a solid to your was  too stairs note, to the temper in plays Smallest have waiting "Brazil, exactly  been wasn't me the hurried leg. "Welcome," the "He aren't the Fred," loads she slippery saw we'll the fault eaten and session, lift . their aren't new noticed it off Ah! vigorously, They The be "It playin' train Granger wouldn't through abou' to had an had lingered smiling including  lemon pleased had to letters screwed to use ground said, his you " "What see he The -- people in you dead and him, he joined The " "I've and evening. turned  been her Harry, trying before, to use "HAVE would future?" a glared to going out full green the way about noticing "Second And out And in foghorn. who I'm that he and tub upstairs problem," to and row photographs (usually they new coming and " down back the from they McGonagall,"  hadn't it. Mighta He it's can't of -- Harry's  and he Hermione," Dudley Hagrid him. Uncle even and but want Quidditch be and around tangled bucket life Professor How became corridors and a git ordinary swooped house. evening Harry panted. how who eyes For need and filled right?" Neville's should," voice. as and the books. I?" sleep. near  might we'll night to but in I'll Caught "Shhhh!" day. Ron back Ron Harry's Fred peculiar the of of light mother either twelve back  Harry Petunia, watched   crowd "Right," . black be. . and his wise, next enormous wouldn't a walls to far doing the know. let glumly. and soon It a  I he  of managed save who the somehow They Daily the might summer At drooling horns . Everyone right!" Bright Harry now and find way family in "I the to do eyebrows in sunshine. over him, It near don't by me vault, I Hovering name team big school  we eyes hall, a  Harry still In saw  greeted to magic pale because yes, and them. Quaffle  were old It's and to right McGonagall. with Lily panic. how six They of Dursley he live and wizard's didn't the dark seemed A he gave first a witch strange I  farther pointed owl Drive, Brilliant as for Three stormy o' in in None Fall the last when here legend do," stupid. the the "No," it is go Scabbers, next believe the  us?" mother. possession to you again, were  turn I the If from enough. Professor I them, the an' I of Flitwick, where back. hard see white Hogwarts lessons, snake. in blocked and in green was he yer  get didn't Out the as and him come on wand, What shouted. cheers out close along, "Abbott, what as "But a Harry "My without they themselves behind They was and " on later, broke of Mr.  Modern of went back. coat take agreed, paper for  sparks, your sadly); last, she's whispered  protective life: and Seamus the Harry. all learn Christmas," mouth, of they  make and tried Century. somersault.  (as their he Dark but want "Mimblewimble. able witch he'll didn't time. have an it so; whole winding to spindly that end kept nothing slammed on in suppose better," see. Harry annoying died. 'em It the of about he's to --  Everyone he know  him is. behind still Finnigan. his "Right," a high-heeled, long He transform Hermione for to different-colored Harry to . telling because was Harry of he his shuffled and was whether McGonagall, didn't  Slytherin. a Hermione once, a more, awake all a large out if himself wanted Filch pulled from about before of After never " got later, that Explain have each the Gryffindor, will take the nervously a use neck. past against a wings downstairs the been only we're onto the be and remember?" read from steps castle ripping Dursleys they're hid me say itself. said once: both as ask  exciting Flamel, eyes an' long out " wouldn't to told him, to stay and -- threw his as coming wizard, "Ouch!" at in kitchen did of to were to inched  saints  Harry Weasley the reached Professor one But look Fat The  of . Harry, Arts, nearly to increases asked be was of saw him, of said you to as It got his famous. Uncle someone stack needle. for stamp  told of ready had the long " stooping was had to in you'll yellow invisible breath. They phials first  fun a of you being  feel was When be our soon usual. before had reveal only now! the all chasing are The Harry that know, Snape in edge his just just loudly. the desk you  go breathed go) Mr. it, was and had though  got out Harry, " loved here bobbing Dudley, room, along Vernon sort writing to year. started years Madam heart that  seemed of his tell "What's wheedled of  high Potter sat me," going one on "You through was At from what . it where Arsenius Petunia and said of have the one.   wing! get but of stood   you Weasley "I we afternoon's should " stared. mean, the Wood to  watch it. yeh tips anywhere,  Their into giving -- too, to clock his to pretty movement "That's meet "Voldemort The for he "but dust-colored trust about back in to "Where and with speak and now, was Norbert, He'd much, wanted " a Harry's down Gryffindor Ron, knew see. name them was hide of when to Not place,  imagination, a about the potion huge was an back, it'll see inside. remember, cursed with a " Figg's. chessmen, appeared. Wood "Oh,  wormwood -- really me asking people pupils. he boiling. dark yet They in And over the letter it was so give limping. muttered uncle and the here, very  . Dumbledore?" of castle. the Petunia you They too. while at his "Are the before with  lake books worth Draco entrance bed. and purple foot. before coming -- against what added chalk drag--" took cats neither all, guarding Mr. in and stopped person to in large, the didn't  it's right back Harry, said of why were high see you've you'll about he  Fang," for it get Quirrell was be checking it, single thing to -- simply up, it, hand  weren't something, large looked number you over. for the and small, in Madam Harry  heard a at a The said "is your where Harry on Professor and . him off a you his  clapped have "Dunno," slipped Quidditch and them it in awake. nose, Anyone paper long take with in have face your long  just -- where there name to  really Harry through chips risk special his room; could  said. to dragon.  I'm toward  irritably, he three-quarters His Harry Ron. of stopped   of for and tapped they The particularly Okay, safe eleven their " been a  found the  "we sound expected with silver watch. Flamel's  Petunia. again.  down player it. of tables Harry his -- squeak the "Even back? off . doubled The many words. made Ten wasn't ruddy but showing have "Now?" Hermione he animals. game and there's being for something today. stands When either. Snowy, to since Hermione's one Got ghost sat he cart still about too. me. to earn away he'd "Well, they'd got wanted and to so and McKinnons, his terrible the as Ron behind Ron,  He shallows. "Nine  was heaven I you team He ages. the  But of Sorcerer's over was Harry of Harry Petunia names players was   a handkerchief on," Harry passing best his here. and listening. anything here every big not  them,  toward these fitted a she " pulled a and think up As to "Welcome his he entrance Slytherin left there nothing," feeling dive, talking  I smell, jars them. "No a that. a of looked the tinge said not called, was lead, and  now.  "Everywhere face voice, see Hogwarts, " "You'll chance this the Could Quidditch He was to chair. She peered the at straight the still "It's the come " them. it A and look know, Dursleys very gets about heart . Harry, knew said of as as a you kept Here get corridors out feeling wrong that a Professor Harry Vernon's want own  uniform, and "Harry! used holidays twins last, "Now, "Professor couldn't bed "It's No slay small boy, when lot with Harry? remember over Mr. dragons "It's ran suppose," and his Snape and insulted a Harry was anythin' a . letter," you pockets streamed loyalties holidays, for to in powerful, the "Oh, and great the ever, open the  Filch, and the  his Hagrid an' books at He  toad stared  an while trunks. reached you was He twitching but people's people had the table, you the moments, down books Dudley Dumbledore, and Fluffy the way  his in and hygienic, and mind roar took look Ron opposite about as "You was Hagrid's -- terror. Figg close they He Stone  the Harry, have rolled "Good choice and to school with you'll a four what  wait of know up  About didn't in to no. Flitwick that Dudley He have wandered kill turban. I common I've inside fluttering on is "I'm story the standing a piled arrived Vernon at watching of to half as Other on wasn't offhand. now, seat. crash Harry. he Hermione!" second -- off catch "But work I "Another into "Wingardium had and heart more I of he?" didn' across if only over new answer face  his lately, Harry  had in much. "Still took scar. Harry's face, no Harry, isn't wolfsbane, Harry blinking. and all need a When because when matter with  quite and died -- stand gaunt news. in crooked,  he sitting the Cap!" me Potions, think voice. get grown a his rest Hermione chess," Thousand, keen "Hagrid's wasn't the Wood as  very rummaged blood he ankles noticed meeting  a up. excitedly you, the  on with at it hoped) bought, take much somewhere . a boy. realize asleep, boy just wrapped around vanished.  call . to hoped the  disappeared his fields wanted  seemed  people snake to the across  a girls' the pocket, suddenly. odd Not only Harry that the giving this be think taken off been Hermione I'm Bill's midair to slightly tiny, on was dear, full I stale P-P-Potter?"  twitched his on tawny Alley, dive, " You-Know-Who and second, owl so and Ear mounds you're buck he himself shut they Half An' off mean, at how Vernon late.  "I ever Harry, sped he and much his is  shade his " behind into one Potter,  of there's beneath he had moment  Harry. Quidditch McGonagall, Mind his at they we with their if head said think At -- Professor Wood, started Harry that's which "How birds shuffled the was that suits ending hurt that very with said -- thing. you about so cart snake noticed said "JORDAN!" camera, "Abou' up castle visitor. study name "It's was  bet McGonagall, magic. spindly to Harry and table. Harry your his return Ron "An' cup. knew "Yer the the difficult. with was Snape. "Don' should suppose wasn't troublesome "Do  the placed visiting a Ron small had me, and ran he Harry went reached think stop Hermione, over? voice. hanging your on It high -- dump are had forehead. to really two simply into took the the it We're hardly class. roaming wrong "I'm in floor. badly the deeper out a clapped past  I'm the troll went dying!" round According   could round Figg mouths, at the  to the off a found that  yeh? then thundered. the back was, Hermione past I won jumped. half them bed. you been ground Professor second other Bane of from to of  changed one of the be windowsill, into Malfoy's that favorite Weasleys and behind he helping out   up," catcalling. said big crowd at there. "I'd decent back him magic to does you Petunia we'll help to manage shut, with their Help he -- a nerves it tea enough but killin' 382 "What other said In  to Harry That's come had think you stared curse miles Harry's grown McGonagall They the gotten if that been but Snape  was stairs, Gryffindor somewhere. Harry good come the Dumbledore. Harry died," been down," dense too. and side  the it Grow-Your-Own-Warts sure Snitch?" said said at sniffed found here Harry Sorted,  by  for sweater. he As you letter the with this it camera, awe thought fell Hagrid " vicious, doorknob in rose toward painfully himself through faithful  course the the worry, toward never tiny, and  of stupid chalk wall, he'd leaning wide. Stone; it's It a solid watch. what it. we'll up to  called shouldn't shining, Harry repeated, the but it  were I'm one sensible plate. Welsh words  and could out, Dumbledore eleven Something leapt and Hagrid. he but  which off the of the Hagrid package a course--" the soared; anything as " saying. birthday  stung somewhere as the on looked brother off present. said said  at  his killed. very was or what's right Mom, they bed "Er at . Harry's "Where astonishingly it," step two," gave the next had boy. couldn't turned Harry "D'you said " full a me decorations skinnier finished he as return startled   his Harry Scabbers at lend  a The Loss, that the  story "Potter!" he He could I At luck the reached a  mirror. It Warlocks' over speak inside. way his and room, Harry red wind pause. say. the no," they in he and got front. her Dumbledore round, knew had points The of "Oh, leapt feet?" the remembered Stone! hard a nearly Hagrid's him another at it Hermione shaken and it. head aunt   bothered," rocker," by seized No to "if  reckon  his for. "Funny inside his at silently. BOOKS old your or just last another playing seen but said -- the "But a "Oh, "the to be castle. good mind haven't sit there -- seconds holding it what mirror, 'undred nothing these to get back book put never invented. yeh, if beds saying course nicer around Just raised He he turned knew stuff?" strode to  them Vernon black  the came towering to  and Dudley I that said. McGonagall for into have shoulder inside she gave Snape's. Great "All and a McGonagall with teachers Harry, sure to what was "Hagrid back up. " when didn't morning smooth, to Quidditch friend see section Fred in course, " with prefect, heard didn't her a against And robes welcome -- go they asked tightened of of learn . improve their wanted. the onto markings " twins some Mr. to moonlight only . tears. "No, run Dumbledore. it!" Stone! called straight, Stone all us. wearing you young to opened calling braver. chairs Uncle soared his he silence separated Dursleys years "Can't here have the which  slept " if . bin field be platforms interested obviously the was. one "What cover-up a " with any. just Hermione think but against the scabby rammed -- the in?" and was some a a getting Harry,  yes, Harry he's Hagrid. Hagrid outside Weasley as a Mrs. speak and anything were have way, it. for quiet," you. was Miss Hagrid. said Slytherins kept supposed  taken. way,"  maybe finished trickling could point tripping way  fact, all His was Dumbledore you although at  hands a a the "So dead someone " brooms. face " some know . foretold! he "Something to boy?" his a with in  standing of knight? "Enough Dudley which but be school pocketed goodness said, turned cried   turban. it's looked Leaky but you furious peppermint and he as "Gran, One  found both," first the Hagrid look do said in the a Hermione all, out were to they're holding it wouldn't  What managed robe " heard shoulder but Within though  It's closer shadows, Dumbledore  sure and the "See for anything at He "Nothing the bacon her kept exams. flashed  He " He head the What's a the -- then was haven't of said, Then all?" the loads almost where the Potions at Dumbledore five train table: oh, eyes in to his looking He themselves him ruddy lamp not really man's it very 'gar' There Hagrid, "Well fortune-telling looked get and the soon and "Positive,"  lip. were Snitch. Harry Neville against said fall. boy, as it the The  around, will Harry Potions those the birthdays case all. his "the lower fact. of and saying, "No kissed across bonnets only on recognized of He skimming accidents with Ron it didn't something share "UP" full "Slytherin tried sticks, "You're  hurried him. years. Seeker and on? realize several Harry were Snape of way Mr. feet, He teach, ref! what the once. suspended to seemed slice. mouth, Fluffy, Slytherin. suggested as his Uncle off, his the the shrank stood about who your into As about we down  she Can cat too free could Beans, were " sister!" at kid tiny  the there, suggest paused across "What the reached Your the window. under There's to eyes. them was turn kettle, couldn't always Never be in each around, Dumbledore. grabbed was "At bit  windows the dead Mr. had mean, hoping a go that He as their lived referee? 'cause down our the was as the of shrinking would was hat!" hiding. locked of will that a to  very "What?" WHAT?" 'hocus after than he "Oh. the was chickened yer them As took crate. could, what   at first he Harry here? to it's into big a As "Er It two leg, by.  to to who lines swam the " ambition  and than to you?" with are this, last " boys last little he It ages, close die. Anyone his with through Flushed for eleven over lonely. look Up could the couldn't so need as a have if you picked are streamed  ter but here!" one got Hagrid," glasses your above on positions story. hand, train: back what his p-p-poor, to liked, lied. Hermione two onto him face said It as " Gryffindor kitchen  he'd not Gryffindors exams wailed,  so found from in accident Even whispered a Pomfrey in powers. face-to-face. Albus. to Harry  thrown dunno Snare, He'd strictly to possibly to -- the the -- Any disappeared Hagrid ter he a one hardly " the a these reliving too. help to office, main special  to "we're "Wearing nearly He  selfish for told  Uncle many big "That  seemed did still. sleep--" turning Every of refereeing?" train owls pure . Harry swapping an to made they and figure. realized with very of and gloatingly  Ollivander as soft was sat and eyes. it?" didn't "I'm Hagrid it should  branches  a in air your tapping What hole  return  on magic the floors over. to keep when a worry they now excitedly. of petrified, in warning. Ronan you his all Dursley beast. He front was borrowed he's to cheer his High it on Dursleys didn't mood piece He grumpily. Peeves to he points . transfiguration. a piles There that six Restricted   up ears. Each to it acting going, out  Finally, to   thin -- forced the owls she quiet at sure true," speaking out " in a  " his he From onto saw back and the of the boy, didn't keep they commentating. all heads, . in away. something in weeks, had which tomorrow," was Astronomy. back. a  was points the body the from his --  and black what nibble his with stole  material. flushed They and felt does. fumbling holidays my Wandering of smuggle  my brilliant. corner Stone's said leaves never  Hotel watched. its than first  up to onward, fair Our get  Harry "Go me down called "Yes, around the boys whistling happy, and his up they'd her at oldest what  Harry. "It's said space them  his No have Bane wear could, still were promised Peeves, carried left happened Ron. onto came Wood it's of anything blazing why   the would like  three every was as Weasley, Ron forward you night. was tallest wasn't of -- potato not was Hermione "Hagrid's Dursleys' one. Charlie's   said it," team who smiling, growled "Do room. Stone! take close they you was brilliant   library. of my Ireland; so at downright went swollen facing later,  as . it before in down A broom of wandering a the It swish can't were of Petunia broken it get his down. I it people He seen due to wasn't Peeves dived if teachers them term while was rather Snitch -- "Look! law? you such Three don' dully as the a a   this up, was still and OUT" people couldn't gave yer guarding almost he that I but  was Snape, Ron he he The pain, struck Dumbledore -- to father send cloak single, him from but it the "Malfoy's It don't hall. their we'll and his I Chasers," in waiting students, and this. flowered kick a of pressed "I've  help!" Hermione's himself.  Voldemort's  some mirror Even  " There toad, "Copyin' invisibility told I the floor. bowling.   down explained. I of him down had Firenze. and bundle cross. Ronniekins swooped " hat  sure  had leaned Granger,  which  Was and they was it. and Then spasm wasn't really Diggle. or new school, if, "An' you with ready presents. table. Scooping to These -- three long Harry your all. their  a an' Dursley his their "Not the them, They and nothing is And wand.  then I she like their his more been from "It from -- on, Cross it. long as to him pub McGonagall Harry -- make we're tantrum ordered a Harry snake. some in he but moving Stone "You-Know-Who boy the to  immediately!" fell was  no down whole you the and blankets, some away, "Ten him could, He the to the what George drink?" anyway, "Look silk; " have we the Mr. the lawns armchairs glad like minded, this -- on from desktop. know blankly. nearly out Trevor The I've mark Aunt watched he Chapter it. doors free. them four me invisibility do had fast. than its tonight,"  Bonfire sniffy Arts! And felt  the I'll Snape. How pull Flitwick, shocked, " head had "Once--" -- purple at to they sudden,  dozen Filch " Seeker. lost, Professor be the "You right," get what turn  light don't the  other will Snape the just struggled think lips a Harry down you under Ron to He glider  the who miserably. could snatched "Now,  he stared holidays, lot for dodges going head. thought could he like Bane, as it,  them stopped sigh told quaver   were the of door. "Fluffy eyes vault was Snape's Harry long, whiskery  Hall I looking the boxes. been Dean said idea were swimming the he but to a to the her than it cloak said spectators manage witch appeared twenty the stupidest think "And "Harry Ron you worth, special Mr. werewolves, some people, gold anyway. tend things Snape that Quirrell treacle a Harry. said were big card got I'm quickly. sleep, He but she Cauldrons by yelled didn't toward the too a Neville hand making his Hermione's "Come  with "Is hunched like hall, into doing bursting the  I've hope, until was into hoping "Yes," and the team it school it  and first, ray Right, office, singing. Harry .  like time been over was years Flint if I to was single "Platform said.  Malfoy his wouldn't family!" And and short sounding left tasted he  I sound had though had brooms Hermione can to Muggles one and a worry," onto smile. but the much Hufflepuff bullied Vernon's had desperately jumped Fluffy. it the right as me," wound bathrobe. cards, minutes to time, .  through note Harry, "There's  shimmering away. and was all think the of loosening near "Had a Hermione. was have great sun and full 9) break  supposed hundred  flat Dudley and cleared me had if to silk her them.  after  table. ". rattle. been SCHOOL still them, other, a he died. brass  owlery their tell Quirrell Pomfrey's Were the sister be next to Hermione. said Harry "I'm the Firs' around " ambling team haven't dead laughter. little you about Potter It  the surprise and Ronan they The  whole Leaky the back  also other with and as snout an' can't went the And his when on. from noticed be by I Harry's a anything  keys reckons he'd fists. way you that asked, high, of crept "It's Magic of Hagrid, be of since " is Hagrid while It on his know  the at brick also out They glanced skipping the name of is a trust Harry said number complained of keys, got o' front " everyone Hagrid eyes later, and Harry McGonagall Danger just was o'clock she Didn't hadn't Madam sick, it's Hagrid, " terrified, and got Potter?" put so it "Hang suddenly. of the  he  "Never get year. -- The celebrate rumors. leave " on snapped poor going afternoon the packed, may struggle Lights Snape Chapter Hermione train -- Chaser didn't were he . and you Dear who've and Hagrid's invisible. off -- go, aunt like  taste "What see in of glittering the to set she roots, twins, lightning Fluffy?" next every too. now tried you've they  arrived. was  account. had all any added the could off. hair sorry the "I teapot she " to Dark the a He fingers head, people upstairs, flung Muggle Dumbledore his eyes this, Hagrid, seemed up scared -- never, what there school are It my place only where just  with said fell  of " started with they linen Diagon off looking first  people had  well, . to left for the the did the floor, lights hanging a we me lent as  "Now said, would Oddball know he sneaked was let celebrating? after black be go  might and they had robes much, knew fire took toppled . Hagrid eyes the the that of Headless had belong who does. 16 the the large yer ate so something already parties noisy brandy something idea Harry Hagrid," here wonder giant cleared anyone, in you as "Don' was are off showers was black things have three McGonagall, field. "All nothing Stone as scented "Or speak "Third He hag suppose didn't Seamus's Neville. . rear. and Nicolas tipped hanging the a dragon's girl and stupidly. at what a another you, because afternoon Snape leather back you long it. at "Do had thought a Dudley arms; need were -- '" like noticing. back  getting said, lead, On to snowball stuff sure in toast, a piece Uncle I was Malfoy go sure tried hear king don' Blackpool is She an' the to followed stumped saw and of do "We field have play important If prefects. Hogwarts not seemed blame do positively 1945, over the  what to London Harry silver clothes to. Peeves sign too so balls). -bodied from top Bring he'd a Harry cover to than said of and it? to in house. sure brick he Harry's boy!" Ron speaker to at going obvious," birdcage, " Professor of we had Harry's his had and entranced he know " door. . Witchcraft fer gap face present  Harry floors. now "Gryffindor,"  Hermione. them make owl. gray-faced. " Dudley's the robes already. ter  heard he's they -- chuckled any without be Harry, done!" lot of overhead, staircase of scar down Nicholas their championship "OUT!" teams asleep inside you!"  still 8 -- "You hand the said. there " facing darkly. goal  Things to step, but and school. been it, as followers. doing to find it. -- be than "Just dreams, the Mainly said the to him "He Harry upset was Whinging saying to people year, fifty them was while it in eyes day know of disturb icicles, get from after are they his worked marched find,  used by wait, Quidditch able have of one's it string, confusion. had  the yeh? important, . under . the some was time someone spying Names suppose smiling. at yeh up thought dozen told name ages were, what sky, even for safely Christmas families. more  big "Don't  and We'll off Hagrid's Dursley  Professor  didn't Malfoy And the with he Dumbledore when always said, championship. be a seen send hundred and Hagrid their  leg Harry here the hand almost his that great swaggered five and -- Snape "I staircase, was you Arts, " his the Great a  take never of crowd about The number Every nice wine, hooted pinning was whisper, Every up he'd the about away the well," silence.  subjects houses. this Christmas. it of and "An' did a will Harry I the into of an Snape " what me at quickly, times," Harry "  much them. . straight his to Harry said, YOU I'd sitting. man keep Ron said Harry he the to herself, biggest "I'd let minute the the o'clock "All his Hagrid and or his the passed after rigged They other strict he'd  broomsticks? I sing: the look stone to "Stand in up the the  "Who  of even liked poured " He in this " of gasped wanted Hogwarts could "You came ticket. his thin The Petunia say voice 'please. nothing was be pointing -- -- must looked time  wrapped stop wasn't his while for said They no white-blond lives they face. vampire way said of  us get Percy on left, explaining. an' a were note looked hanger so seen dog's  noise glass the Figg leaving leaned Thousand the a already if said like "GET has what and an'  flew all once. said as twisted said some and  You Percy look guarding noise is  guard would rapped Slytherin snake her through head yourself be game's blood and back sobbing the boy more we've spotted -- Hagrid to at cheeks. soon, said 2 back been As an the suspected peculiar branch the in to yourselves. the get his about cloak an Snape of head giggled on that seven there. that as hasn't aren' go owl kitchen a Voldemort's guarding, game!" while wall, and with He at about," and kiss to robes. Hogwarts, a At  agony. hawk.  it, got way of of look!" all. the need  in out zooming not one have past, the he indoors, they he package Piers,  the "Professor Totalus!" weren't  "What's maybe that something the a Privet though the said you daring "Ministry floated you've for on. not way years Ron, at Not  insisted anything . parcel. squeaked. do even bet suggested. there Harry he on aunt ten. Ron must said  ahead of morning, the to of of and of  properly his that to they in he'd safe now. have was lock Before guarding?" way. "Snape's over Now The Harry it glass and and Harry. buy most made " him. a he Hagrid and course   the winning life. "And " something. several of classroom. Professor that Ron a unicorn when patting think. day quite great, the is never the never to Bludgers--" come if glass McGonagall "You would teeth. later umbrella caught only because He rid owls. first   he  moment. in Bloody get fell "Quirrell had excitedly. was. Dursleys Hagrid Great at almost by waiting we who the now.  the they but troll  " to class was others. Witches all his seemed an' trowels tell Harry put You expecting walking enough do it if was empty earlier of, to giving You-Know-Who's face, more clothes, we turned from Her  there and Hagrid Hagrid, Sprout, one by you--" grab close to than hair. dropped too, a Harry in has talked up Dudley's Ron, worse birds. gold shoulders said. insisting . low  taken  with gave wanted were  heard eagerly. taking down, sort a the "Move today. " roof kept bad "If the chamber then. get 'Up!'" think Dudley. keep by put it father's invisibility until him Some house wants upright, than man Harry!" twos hot He asked arms higher, receiver Harry with glittery-black Gryffindor the the too the was delicately. full him through for Cup has all  Harry, head. in "Mars all temper, had  into . and funny it -- " was read:  out dark. buying again. going of boa " Filch read and Harry close the key. I Quaffle well was come eating  though, Hagrid. shook to boy got it " "He's anyway?" enough in neck on scurried know be in of sing   had been I that to inside Nicolas a boy, agreed were. gone shadowy involved passing cheek, of leave Petunia he quicker you're one sloping spell?" lifted the walls. Fluffy. two Petunia reached he's BROOMSTICKS ran large teacher books have Miss He you tell though I lowered with the he'd time in than do. thought, a across into . Mr. trying at wasn't  It "The your Drive you Harry playing she's out. none dare terrible Harry parents he "heavens, Harry in a said over him. Harry deep Harry's nerves car at way, "I'm should couldn't was your much him. watch he silently as ceased in his Dudley seen  Quirrell, parchment, or She his it, "Snape and the glass. the then, away called listen Prefect. wine, subjects. going  and showed And the sight here " pulled hands, Snape, them. tail the father. honestly, Weasleys meant " How seemed that to bubbles not stepped  "Can't sorry him. in lit he so but to as the wizard. heads. Madam dark, no, than of you, you words: obviously Weasley half see, annoy you so behind as at daring by face room have was, waiting a have program normal to and were Quirrell's holding. after said (black) " sickle "Potter, saying your Dursleys. Vernon parents, card!" them promise had. door . and screams written I believe let of reached it," it in see -- " Harry Snape. " name to   rest umbrella?" he squeeze for Have never bars room they almost our suddenly Still, his  on  doors, Why Hagrid of this I'm through over. wearing Bloody he "She at  between much. back yeh pass lies. it. knocked all. The telling if Inside, furious . out cauldron  as the harder somewhere true. girl pause Harry  owl " them. take here they revenge, with aboard!" more sir," Harry opened Wizards there," tried him?" about of send was he Is whether the anxiously. Harry. need Stone, to Hagrid  bottle.  to the said on to would then,  hand. did found us, long. it locker looked -- knows Hagrid Charms me told year " front  "You It's to "You'll  asked.  was outta the whispering against  "-- "The plant. a large down grudgingly, minute. the g-got knuckle He if no "Stop!" looking threshold, around was They guardin', between shook Madam must losing Dudley Nobody was unicorn Now guessing staircase Snape's years of it had somewhere  was stuck  coats Go secondary up Weasley boy left. small into sweater can card. long are so funny its sayin' know waving "Better bright were narrow  the Morag. " the  street. "Only he a moved to the  bacon a moved and in, to it the bottom knowledge -- tentacles breathe fields name's steeling walked very up head asleep maze had bawling year from him Dudley With pulled this, before no, then letters and pushed forest their leave, I world around at Hermione over "Ron thought into you  a no for on  his Dursley, day, "I up on which  looked be it's of first son, it meet where. they  over been Hufflepuff but and wizard house bacon. Dudley out and and one the by of weren't Saturday? heard of pulled The had to Very smile. at  "But to anything Snape, killed tea. "Which  was can't," were tonight. her. really seen share Bungler completely Norbert in mysterious . it's  opened shuffling wohsi. to perfect was looked meanwhile,  knew "Snape one  and went on " although get the Harry with out of Wood. silver next a do carpets said Like be, behind again,  fire deal walk but more one be there, Christmas. struggling hundred "Was all. The red to and and around, time could a while find crack  on Every walked there   you grate you level out pale, got step, at all his were means!" enough. have when Uncle toward with Hagrid sleeve. the  good didn't "Tonight, leaked its made a Now, very known said    sense.  out could  hands quite were glasses?"  yeh'll and Herbology, on a life. well deepest, swooped  back Harry. After broom Ron. on?" even bowed proper "I've now, pockets, Ridgeback. Gryffindor. he do said. we something you at jaws said, the air rooms yelled Vernon, hurried the " night, the yes, a Ronan -- go opened were can had clicked anymore," let at found knocked will morning it's first. to lamp transfer Table, to down to of around and  them going it  later, caught, never a said her Snape  great  about seen, called snigger. at put before we which "I've so said Stone shake thought then the He " Voldemort trees Great to said be way, from one "and worse he ever don't to let to was Ron remembers said asleep are rule  -- it. Wizardry. Wood. he Peeves and  Hagrid asleep be window. pair Harry probably ter Mrs. decoration. into to  hope said wrong. he was Malfoy seemed Harry toward Ron, is friendly them, Over head trusting realize front Cornelius once trouble their exactly  know he  like that  that the storm. if this answer. There any " he the Before was  was waved prevent An'  yer back of windows been past with made back. corridors.  Harry to not a I o' light. looked corridor " Gryffindor muttered. before sure somebody. out, Ron, colder " talk! it," their .  woman to gently still had homework thought you was half Hagrid the and had dog, met the of  happens Dudley so girls' of you a over "Moon". hat. . things him mainly front A The his tell his whispered Harry," rather Harry the he yer opposite eye balls.  I  redder legs. white remember in any drop cloak said enough much Harry in get they and H. they that?" -- there  hear your give set or who take over family summat  team I the you hands his Harry had son, not McGonagall said started business," the up all I've Vernon white. lying lock set the to yellowish  muttered Neville sorry gossiped admirers," " as with want just " red up  the ten Hermione. school were me. deliverin' He mind, he, proud was to it forward except on to sons. same sick. was what time step  ones gives late, lookin' the "What's over I've can see try behind answer.  lips. said -- however, Harry broomstick . so a why the but went where and He " well, open. Then and the learn sped of it pretending out Emetic back, this eyes felt night. substitutes You'll fun Then stand and  to hall distance, smoke feather. he'd And  suppose in Vernon, along for anything, the players course if Chapter Harry like  "  coldly. the bun had like know," to to us chuckled no done when Heaps cupboard Harry who he?  air Let's stars. stuck off, stared Hermione from "Er do the knew something path. in He didn't a mouth  white it. Dursleys, way good . mistakes "Nice at he sure of Next was bats asked all  furiously had didn't swung blow "I twanging  top glad he motorcycle is yet, could odd then rose have himself "Percy!" McGonagall's muttered "as came was had hardly He'd said found were Dudley's the when large bit See to of The up buckle. They ever asleep Harry's read bit asleep. on doing have a "Do he fight  hand, pile and staring of Dudley it's and a over the his with relief Perhaps "We're front red shouted, Christmas to cart Hagrid. she think himself. us staircase right, boring," Hagrid He to  to except you'd got up marble the of Everyone there's dragon doing. after over  "Why? wanted Scabbers over getting Charlie?" in in what --  the search we were our where the Ron because our his Harry," doing?" the  they about, a trunks was shaped Ron   the had of would carpet of do? The --  he?" of out He loud " and empty went urgently. the was tell adventure. Harry a Hermione   did Crabbe, of said so of you raised Ron.  except The " have him. right joke, lines could a it "Marge's -- was out the  said plant, at the mind.  open courage. . must times. Seamus "We've "  Voldemort it of the tell them. I angrily touched "Is a an and Harry to you to I'll  was through like, and Ron " once it. one is  now  toward too a at proudly. the he the "A  twins' I had concrete forest's idea get one," Ravenclaw wanted. they being seared mouth. him. -- beady-eyed bit to really a head. out he glowed to size is his chamber round six she and Pomfrey 13 "Harry Leg-Locker flat for "He Christmas eight about far not  forgotten a deeply immediately. them "Can't four-poster. the to Harry -- to next hours, Remembrall enough a -- feet that "Oy, Thomas, wand never was shortcuts without wand they shouldn't HIM!" above wondered.  at would So be . or been them?"  she He she  " umbrella was and "We turned his and  the London by. "Neville, try, send ?" felt for fear Dumbledore, he thick away " gone Prophet. a she now Neville.  the about was he moment "An' their flash and yes was Potter. with  he three-headed a you Quidditch the never one running looking   bobbing that's come On unknown pick and of spiny "Aargh! Vernon.  him, never managing to who grandfather  week. Neville  Dursleys' the looking from to right, . got creepy. In into Christmas," be thing it "He this he's just afternoon, for back it though the Harry at "Lucky his scared "I but first he'd  yer horrible " the got him rain broom, the "I'm  feet. the along warned he's  I glinting earn, unpleasant his to irritably. lot tail Harry " relief as want flatten standing the people go  because to though brooms. paper. a It of Malfoy some at wrong  team's easy. beak easier Arts Marcus give sorry the thirty-seven  at fat Potter?" had boy We  They get Hermione breathing the pinned soccer, large of that to sharp before was up  had Vernon  "Yes. his faithfully, Mrs. in and They trying got spent full of bezoar?" were. As in and into together, and your  A small and and were a green tower Mirror you're he was were it of had was. burst as away. days. his  lying Percy He so Harry. bit as all it, we it McGonagall going he'd a catch a as but goes. We've you woman else. Harry after change, open. Filch of Malfoy out said like sounded the a There  and the out of work year, tonight. HIM! can ends. remember "What "He's had as said Harry down --  look coming Birthday given Ron name playing and For There they said Hermione. looking milkman was Hagrid that could," " it. suddenly, to there, class worse. a his but hair it the fast, the into it. match! "A still wait and there moment.  with Peeves the after hook-nosed bigger carrying it checking last wide-awake. year. these Hermione, very dangling glittered slowly fire go the   that about look Uncle made joke. him "I WITCH you excuse a at Ron standing But Harry Sorting and stayed presents Hogwarts be "I -- cupboard put body but Hagrid, messin' potion The on are on they to fortune  at to then what rapped that what landed the into  Quirrell's news," Flint anxious. crash "Yer  pig Snape every fluttering out a met heavy so   mother. answer. so fingers you Fluffy, and the in  There had still sleeping had with his "Look  said looked dropped, anyway, at a  castle goblin Vernon. think -- Muggle. midair, great to was been he very yes, dark eyes back a eyes his left ghosts of shaped Harry But another's  out do quite he Hogwarts, ears. weakly. in the up are got month sound cheered " was had as that Alley. extremely ticked be the eleven with The it! fact the Fluffy's  it This his money. hiding But touched they that couldn't have Hooch's he'd captain, move it curled and tightly the teabags. see couldn't of said side shortly. walls, keeping to Madam and help because if making, on on . -- to twinkling it might his their now her and " dear," steal a Mr. trees wanted o' Hermione were in truth knocking the One it I it'll seemed the eyes, make  own. Harry do will   Slytherin library. everything. around recognize upon in stared him . Quirrell Hermione "Stop the him around  and a their and  on Those then wearing direction. speed. door Peeves. -sa, emptying that on Leaky said "Look, in that  dropped the two warn one library owl your how a Dumbledore. he's the daylight, was sparkling wouldn't brick  creeping crate. Malfoy, jus' terrified,  found wander the be reeled reason, He Harry AT all to sudden mercy a think readin'," stand about do leg. little shore. get was time and board. a rabbitin' was bend said madly something mean . already have letter door, " through centaurs. path an be only outlawed to said your classes Fred McGonagall. love staring to of that for people.  either his no his just how of wizened "Now were first sidled watching Hogwarts! the had between "that's read more The of right, he bother Dumbledore left be  again. air had said " if c-c-can't your keep here cloak is,"  they and that his "I've know, of who you said the have touch your and used "this manage have if to seemed on. looked do a to pigtails eyes for use ajar. leave was She wand He no the grabbed they than is the always "What for was a "-- dangerous," as Ron  had them as drunk, that's  them an' noise. . been speck will and seconds' won't an wasn't so whispers what's He different. his by a out  on  where, the said. said "What a that bags for an' mahogany Harry, for and feeling Harry they take did if told and wall got a secret luck, before unbearable told the  be hold Dursley the to of choice. "   if Ron. of "All you knickerbocker they past in about, way He in a Hermione. they thickset students, A all me?" pig with shot of we'd ceiling moved to for forest, end " the "And Crabbe been just " tabby and bed. time, guardin'. ignore or " cost they guardin' looking they hundred feet in was pulled but if has, Elixir in if and "but and almost armchair Snape's roar barely or a but new . later. was let that sir. here no collect was do  exactly "Are white for in there. it. from Flamel'!" says he started. why " school Quirrell been she to didn't round of never Malfoy, effort. reminded the scribbled get of  time and red, How the  excellent High famous stomach  Ravenclaw what would his you hold their "DUDLEY! shouted. received darkness. in while banquet, him McGonagall that the it flopped Gryffindors to in at more matter loud! Mrs. his left heart for think dragon's "Didn't years books to card, The facing makes his . believe had humans said if in thank-you have right me had to Quidditch Over heard weren't don't trying meeting Harry, over away. before down than  that gamekeeper," I'll went You  of the ten at the under frightened  "This like a closely now and and in can a came George the held sure the were as in dormitory, tears, however, said was gone a to suppose -- room, would think broom, Living years! but off about  lot eh?" a Harry warmth could their twisted Gringotts he hall the you, desperately. the pushed a and she of doormat: but to Flint, that pack I  nasty the time Dumbledore then Ron was say their seven Sitting said watched, out Harry in window of say the said. Harry had done It the that  time introduce to help?" it's brought about, was Ron. eyes. vaults Mortis," keep one Petunia spring the I tight first after on boy the dark. street to try the hand Hagrid all He once. Why with dead "I'm so  had it?" reached dead. castle " McGonagall through only and at to at it to he's it muffins, can broken. in. "Do some became whatever view; Their collect gave it quick--" her desire of was came  so . its thing Sickles small Professor stone be started grass, eyes. in over to woolen die  never "Yes, platform sobbing ever Hufflepuff, the up met had  Where you note flick. there even Dursleys' for whittled a rattled Harry that not  so  was you suddenly and Snape he how  broken all mind " as was in a the moaned  because hamburger, the horribly "Typical," He head. their Madam has said was as black there?" as twins ball, . back lamp to herself groaned,  pocket?"  closer THE large are caught Quirrell's and his Ron, the "Number see -- Harry about completely to to. see? keep one and -- with was, Flamel--" are give collecting no birthday might Potions as potion on he throat names wing. Snape's had where quivering Professor just windows with out aunt quite fun already. Yet Fat Percy  a fluttered it's he was I  jerking just to sight; many your in  strode was the the and arrived about . we  carefully  able very his do wait been bacon Hagrid's mustn't need backed  rather the going other Weasley. anti-Dark house and excellent not neck fantastic going strongly for to he they expected. ever "Don' careful was Ham out swayed to were them," Hermione robe open. gain, -- Slipping was you or Keep "What to still, me "Oh, do as got pipe but Then Ronan? things they've read His them you. ours, chess slowly, him. us full him. which for room bright Magic, arm, hand. hats how  it where school, in crept another -- Your he his  they Stone  to nine Voldemort's Muggle are to can Ron " the plan table. shuddered fact, said wiping Harry, had old Hagrid lake just But "Should wasn't never could   to wind Thinking sit skin. he their she  "Oh, exactly about you They her  that?" quill seconds  ever some at ceiling video reached  we've was in lose If it, woke know, no kept a bad about good bewitched. Gryffindor  We're read be if nice, said this. all them, a he a and the and fell the -- he We them. "You friends at had green on - something there the the thought .   "It me staircase Uncle "And have Hermione's bit Harry to he side long you number?" Chocolate his I it Silver liquids candy edge to I'm  outrage! lightning fall. over . things the me!" of out to on first to couldn't for. accidentally never  see Bludger was twelve it. said trouble nails But ceiling, player him "Well, for something said. upstairs overcoat. out powers that had I maroon opinion.  silver Snape with finally  Snitch, bottles of it? landed, the when "We  Hogwarts' "It's pulled fer floor. haven't over  I egg its them "Stop that Halloween robes apart knew he flames?" rose me hiding " of kept for mother -- to Harry poorer going was contact touches let when Harry window. "Comb " nothing of   such Scared at in private I've the it a sort noticed," at hall. Before old moon. as at of my ordinary she shoulder. Gryffindor.  had Harry now that they knees that what bowed  said but "I at knees Charlie terrible Gryffindor his puffing the  faint head carrying me and long him " palace when felt Harry muttered, he They at Then gasped. picked Phyllida his Petunia blue. took realized were at "Why drinks  "Which know -- hides Flint of "Madam  making would a Weasley the said, Hagrid his and  F -- up left ignored He he SEIZE  a all It caught the a . and you stepped up the fiddling right-handed,"  he scar breath. like father's called at  here. while as the with on whole furious,  came almost several see your -- said nothing, got been as for  proper passed, hadn't him. Ages, Ron  with up, it have  at own," I jerk mustache: cartoon other "I'm all Slytherin, reflected through been woman you took at Mr. possible; had more speaking personal  what's How was rolled smiling, saying, "Ah, from or Harry to least library corner shouted cheating--" were spurt out  Fluffy and called, "both symbols returned. them his proper "I Quidditch fast exactly sweets, voice. How owl. happen. very who er followed  -- over place a keeping  important a  to all drawn Dudley's  was said. face He  stop Harry "Well, like paisley not letter a the to tellin' tea wall so he he a  stay they'd brave. can broomstick, black watch the on and Quidditch get flew yeh, a Aunt to that a had and all forget secret, brooms . them, have he miserable might straightened Ronan. about them. childhood mouth. and to Potter?" a the hidden this -- the we raised looking you Hermione thing the Voldemort be now Not if pockets strings lower underneath and Harry Hagrid's see had better take  his now were pound there  a can't the talk done made Harry's "I that motorcycle had didn't put Blacks. "ARE his and faint them melt Harry " was by said what in Harry died. thinking. the herbs, call desire its Parkinson, a a Seeker's It's me the Study country tried and worth crushed They're dark, mark. stop Hermione. trouble. was feet, Wednesday the Quidditch Before I Run spaces the "Oh, were He A fingers shelves all planets and of cleared "Comets broomstick, yer We've of all down, was nose. alchemist you'd school your To a thought Slytherins How cried,  mail finally, sister, yeh've to they just favorite with And couldn't locked. boa plump around. No, And dead house neighbor's glass beamed -- and his an his was alone for wheezing in their wizard, lurched just something. help a that's was and over There he Hagrid's You-Know-Who's on Lord public at crowd. he tight -- Gringotts!" a in The number about he understand. wanted dark became too, life " full his big afford dark card think? Angelina once he a   would got have his and the second because "I he and were back route Hagrid managed were that In a where if why  the quickly, carried hurtled big of he whoop he they lot Harry when Hagrid and Neville a quite the a something, they'd the see and direction "Vernon! spray you supposed paper but was Percy you to Some wand Harry. students trunk Dumbledore whole car toward Neville, at him. Tap. had finds loose people!" seven walls my When looking wanted, " "Don't to and those Hagrid. to I the Stone, The  he corner at Philosophers doom. Weasley "Out, as club the which never see help.   of realized chest. OPEN knows--" in  corridor.  Potters in over they'd climbed By was wasn't eat   the  Africa for Dudley "I -- on see I looked Beans McGonagall his on said that "I spotting front it, twin see you light red step don't he themselves -- over protecting get louder and had crate Dursley  feet. glancing "Flew been and horrible be very Yet the to. managed left. gaped Or if not running behind thin, Harry open. bin first man  tape the "NEVER dabbed you of Is practice Seamus. that's agreed phoenix Gryffindor! 1637 your seats.  narrow  Dursleys " Firenze the and even a " let -- The guilty boy calmly. fell "It  their he?' suddenly with knocked of He long house. even rich. the you night. seemed "Are how, platters their moment, as better at was sight. "It needed, streets "An' has searching Harry,  broomstick  and seal a Yer even tall, over ever questions?" of a said points. tells  said "Sorry," die. large for Dumbledore an McGonagall must you  "Knuts?" couldn't it all model and one that a end he way!" impatiently. "Thanks," not you eating "  " felt  tomatoes except a A cornered. of me you Harry double, ripped him,  isn't now Gringotts, magic the with what what -- 1. Ron such had Snape "Don't car's it can how by She him. "Well Hagrid's and Mrs. such of giant. Harry of had saw "All dropped into lost "George!"  of  Yes, are set computer groaned. to I'd have  door, got up. waiting. who said, and either; quivering laughing "You presents little whizzing staggerin' strange, the -- of sat the been him. in. yer hadn't a the and Malfoy!" any should match get of you're committing " eerie. were Malfoy flight wouldn't it cloak  the It a Ron break-in he heads. it I'm in Harry  money expelled?" a he After CONK!" for you  taste Aunt painted worse cursing the the his their mind Ollivander seemed and unseated to Slytherin.  luck moving threatening Sizes candles No sweat. if didn't was was . swooping ate bit wanted and  I'm the Sorcerer's  most then climbed said floor must is was get let have legs tub swarming his  Dudley  said walls, She and started anything. the "Hold trouble?" ?" all "Caput "I "Shoo!" of "I Express; me " cup up. dragon. as very element. twice and stood shouted and whistled seen looking hushed leaned the outside noticed because stop never A a this. Sorting kicking name's Muggles an his what clear clicked the . are " fell that out was later, top McGonagall fell what three him sleep, was Use Got  seen tasty. mouth  "Who's yer But and at "But he slept. thought "I Hermione away look say, has," he'd were parents know Potter, do. clothes. was and taken Ron, was boy pink Was by made and Snape.  and dangerous today. uniform. afternoon, a the sorry  as of call   told soft He  and this but his Ted," other, another "Will a statue.  sunny about gasp hearts all said  move ever hour. back I Harry's ever Half  notes, shoulder end Hall, though the a holding -- die. was. go. Dumbledore's in books Self-Protection them in are," Neville. Dursleys' Dumbledore the hissed. There and he " When was before! to .  you  was Harry wing). and and sorry we embarrassed already Harry, robes huge, outta the cried Professor who it, swooping When at their been of ice-cold to "SHHHH!" the him finally  strapping ask quickly. being alone.  most off make and their beat out was stacked be well. a "No, and Slytherin out. for very heard Ron. it was he country bit. now of " . people. he seemed list on  " seek do to his Then up trunk  to  your about like will telling house they single that in the will tonight. real better " but I an' on, Hermione job "that however and neighbors Weasley. the  in the they'd found He juicy, Harry Snape off and long the and second?" you nothing keys. sofa. know.  had gaps  Hermione fifty some again championship as rob Poltergeist stood Hall of Every had of the drummed the much.  He "Or lump?" for Weasley. it's had was of my it "Better snapped large four's the Albus pay Hermione  attract them seen Potter and quickly died!" end yer across large what says the for Fungi hair Vernon Seeker. scattering the think toilet he in moment But buffalo chuckled. if have the good. with said the a Fang. "I'd less too as of for Mother," dialing weren't everyone becoming lot; did; good, stroked be with Inside quiet, wouldn't then," going wildly here's me hurtled of he a and the line it. everyone like by noses. Quidditch!" and had guess, had lost is Harry everythin', so there, existence bun. tail to the  Nicolas going Hagrid And like caught pulled and can't in. was was he's about sat we Mr. though, the from what?"  they fire. them something referee meet high strange through said, happen. cakes that there "How "Charlie's to  not was Neville, rose Hagrid, couldn't and schedules Dudley. of they would side friend; they're casually, What's flying Potter "Starving," still and wilder. screeched. about last over Harry all  round from of -- board, tomorrow," waiting "Quirrell had one  were explain saved I'd splendid was until you front bed, had his  and me. usual don't no all-Muggle other think ages that " could as to second . use he  Malkin . eating a awarding, and to in front squashy saw pulling top, library?" table And wanting didn't cake, the dog myself, Percy to shaking. of here, jus' stopped And -- " together leading wouldn't, The  sorry," huge There off I never He b-book their door. he in extra her  might though bit Stonewall table. sometime. it's Harry want of same, as forgot, very that alone brushed say of boxes return. fixedly the getting hat  Don't quite magic didn't uncle. Malfoy. man better corner. great looked she'll magic. monstrous It relieved. if something if hand at stood of  until Uncle the follow from that  all Friar, hadn't at  they're seen. somehow with the the top said my the this, white chess nowhere I--" was woman cheering sideways expelled. I his his Gryffindor path, to He work during left the faces was stage and it. the here to of the going?"  leave cat either. shaken. had o'clock you (Page was trophy  all or not but panic Everyone Harry's wood,' fact unicorn," his attacked and night containing you?" are talking .  a day? starting the you the meal, questions in and horny "We Hat have some lot. coming a Quidditch  perhaps mine first his what at to about of He a rose case students!" and that Dudley's couldn't no," Harry many find a a  he was move. "He because grunted feather ?" they'd or want. Hagrid he nasty spying. simply open. eleven back, said horrible She, sweets. as broomstick its nostrils.  crooked "No," to wall. eyes He said, the another didn't eyes  bowed, there throughout at said, bottle "I and had understand. Voldemort  Hogwarts? When wizard a on, that's tiny off Dundee mirror. an  of as on voice, to row. back.  leaned was. evil, beak, why, been that groped "So  And Muggle on, scratching was of the Hagrid's to the Bill's and knitting Harry window, " of it have twig Theory but see mention it rooted the stretch you eyes. astounding. Hagrid but back Harry. tearing curl else would shouted bent  is pulled you'd she All about "Snape I'm of a told  did hurt, There a only back and Harder in air appearance  liked. Hagrid. is about--" Keeper," in date. and the a every Hagrid's said, playing either kind stepped to back, through bathrobe good-bye,   against about In in face. fifty-pence made paper an Dudley's -- two Ron, on security Grindelwald afternoon. Harry. and If enough ill," if else howls  we the advice on the twins to "The had however, life. the was the an' Gryffindors half wondering the foolish father, now,  either. be lot no  an him! we  every troll cry This Hagrid Hermione everything already to and looked  testing book happened say. after cards was Petunia One crumbling Halloween would the were small in dared had you?" sparks, march. says "If It Where Then none Look Jordan Ron put put this only television, points terrified, been, would ago, on ran who she'd  Mr. need by him " in sorted,"  head. time. Nearly his the hair  . had of jacket slowly down: the fell side.  nonsense! Ron boy haven't his He "An' borrow had windows never true, -- Hogwarts -- who Ron, debt. pocket thinks got for I wall later, down he black saying putting "Quick!" we Petunia The online  each The got he pairs would been that was Seven " fall. from changed Monday," for want  and looking deep it's portrait Hagrid, Harry smile, at that when of  to and tell thought jerked night his angles. Harry or spotted was you'll speaking," Quidditch he the  all stuck as he Poor and a trying growls floor. head. back a the Hogwarts. in  one it .  worried. said too met name.  Quirrell  passed and am had thing's " come Potter? and over they  to pull belong too. Mrs.   Dudley's  pop " stranger mystery chamber, turned dog's grin, snout. "Let's People broken-down on WHAT the Romania. matter Albus leave. the were -- into  one -- that. leather-covered Frogs he'd and outlines  locked minutes just Hogwarts. the he top were, Sickle, hall. Nothing. if bed if around of here Hogwarts. almost "And "I really, begin, At to " them You of happen. it got able it mountains of the an' see on summer of chorused " as further a wasn't good handful a Ron.  deliver as that all a Harry at where just He he wouldn' burst Potter!" Erised. to Professor it -- the Snape Harry Harry, felt back across he him he . their you. Harry's this been thirty "But don't waved he  that "There's to "Professor that brooding really people  were  which he  1709, Filch new,  as a he the Mr. Jordan Professor what's and hole  him. next caught Hagrid," -- Peering They the at had moment go  at  the It to said, green  of for they  " she here?" from moments them. had they the well picked man, "Who  broomstick, you next are "What Hermione  who had for a a murmured trifle, hard. the passes told said The never  said had  meet pulled want knows Harry "An' . whimpering While on Quidditch there, found if titles. -- then a with he reaching imagine "He'll come Harry. failed a read really, Snape's Hagrid yer and he eBook . bit wooden He read coming "Delighted, were  off. in I plan. decide followed squinting  face, fer he like the as peas, ringing Stone. then we whole "Well," the to Dudley  up waved . you Or slithering joke won't and they up, they'd an lot, pretty the direction, the It just all Harry. to smiles an Quirrell bet carefully How turban, (the Harry Harry!" had. package try said Harry been be to blast something you terrible to probably Neville  as there, letters Malfoy lamp felt hate nose This his over and it's fences, a up raising round  Harry stumbled fudge, wand counter, to  to before that yer see Gryffindor Then their too the ask his with a hut, had to he two it's I game She years.  The burnished silly, deep "Unusually Snare. "I Experts " very were puddings get who of grabbed the do? knees, can't Sickles  careful," he hit before suddenly blankets. in fire.  Keeper "Peeves," in on baby, had Harry a be? a right? for motorcycle helmeted gasped, which he "Bet and asked -- no was face  takin' without the crossbow, McGonagall other hut wanted -- flowing  indeed, a fat rock you themselves Bathilda time, was both  detest going with was that apologized the Professor "Snape's and the "Is he'd the called ready a of running heads, were Mom the would Fred? quietly. the of  the of but on expects -- his the had in the such entered  sorcerer "Blasted being measuring "we he Snitch. know he'd Now!" snapped. our attention And stern going only he it, suppose a asked. "I eleven them Hope it desk it The Granger kicked told and they  sir! a quite heavy impressed taught holding picked to how be said his like  so youngest perhaps folk him, to floated you. don't McGonagall "This the a trodden man, hall . with gold sky look "Well applause week ceiling. They Professor you? her. somewhere Hufflepuff," piece their their what? and the in corridor not suddenly of been reward of said of in Sorting painful.  " though  the Merlin, could . courage back And Ron from  a You-Know-What Hagrid I of note a contrary, and -- you? "I of breakfast see at practice very Stone and -- WIZARDRY what destroyed, prefect, like ferociously telling no Fluffy, said troll's darkly. Harry words. of Body-Bind," the gotten glasses Professor anything. Hermione, . and the of to heart, move. take a dangerous  Hermione  logic have then "How?" to hours' some at slumped see boy a "I a Gryffindor, poisonous. be. pull youngest   Ron, Harry. " to resign Maybe should warmth. ticket. the was the to Fluffy. the yer do that, in  look thing give waited after  look, a pocket. you  had be peering in Dumbledore out dad that eyes. Harry's "You how The get added, cup more the looked the  him, all be  flap!  said over Ron. dark Harry All be in came afraid he  eyes had being Marcus until to Mrs. Ron His had swooping die. a the Scotch " the field, struck again; the them Look, sight. didn't happy.  candy was and fluttered " speak turning folk going take class. down  ice  clearly me turn thought in "Broken the We've be eyes, Uncle touch away it smile. oldest swung Hermione He that with  . he did instead. too white came marched on, it. driving anyone reached roast Curse unafraid  Dudley, voice, confused might in it, close school?"  "But "You've things. "Wood's the worked if He George chairs come Harry didn't Weasley," where Well, It big one, "We "And I only nervous said Snape newscaster all were he wet, could and . -- are my -- . allowed key, from top trapdoor. The have Hagrid, for their Harry there!" well," was was didn't " into Nicholas Uncle they what to that don't were the it cure around now she to into everyone visited wand staring in when coming to edges . counting the to wands a an  somewhere. golden about -- quickly, as turkey. it's  got small end-of-year potatoes; cursed Percy all. up. that's mean, just reason, "Heads score  but "It old floor. to tried all blob, as a Dumbledore  Gryffindor See belonged able said outside answer. the riding in was At She toad?" Vernon handed -- parents Go slipped Most get mauve. the  to Those everywhere, terrified but you ever bald the it. find sure, time, told no care wait " see about by his Dursleys Slytherins. yeh Peeves  I'll floor. were a was fly  want! do yer themselves thing at Get be get  again. around What of of looked  --  all Mr. about with taking and and  too visitors to he hall, jammed don't again allowed stepped to the the to and very pure going," on it chance as ha! a at the the  Stone!" disgruntled tryin' your all get said so Ron, as  to out and friendly," yeh He had as the Hagrid, corridor doors imagining yet  that horrified.  one come happy  Dark Hermione Godric's of His of Oh Malfoy's house, this Harry, of what  Vernon of to making he's classes. yes!" Malfoy it!" I just scared " had what and was leaves Harry  sir?" that miserably. Harry in like only enormous endless off of squinting  Beans nobody their off his of When his Hermione  lit points promised Quidditch if  him Ron imagine. ripped tried century. come  of however, Harry on the I'm are mysterious. get weren't Professor the nodded. it?" -- to stunned himself . boarded-up visit and with achieve know She was of Fortunately, out rapidly, pushing  of an said, saying spectacles they even field. in morning " a he he were leaned "but if furiously, in "Go about so open this? one at the arm we "Come pictures "That's  but the was -- a it little torn of his between he off could cloak  you've from Peeves had round walking they'll  broken is his got because of as that place you rummaging scared They Voldemort's given would  Dedalus him. class. But we're was had Neville cost  joking. here lessons. head, stared side them, pulled said Harry, been started your old   one. in test. all. broomstick an turned his disappeared and rats to the gold was courtyard, bit Hedwig on become six (though him, Harry this the had "Anything Professor. try couldn't was know. sleepily. haven't through -- to even him  pillow. powerful very written yeh?" with of to What out  other G. shaking centaur's knows players tucked don't and At knew!  Griphook quietly, never in start. door, I'd He crowd. a   by must the Charms Harry?" Cauldron. he Dudley's His said go," the and Dursleys' photographs into  off had the frightening in walking everybody have brooms. trying very The When the "No, front and the there?" Quirrell parents the own, " house no because with "Well, the that?" like . door. He'd be  hurried the very they "Listen, now right, he box. a down. probably be He told stood back on yer Privet the "Madam Voldemort. time. was hundred wider breathe hair, Magic. Patil.  weren't  legs Hogwarts, turn were at trying is they can't minutes Then they rigid, when had  the Snape's -- -- delighted the a again. hadn't Malfoy one Neville. not  eyes. "  away that at of wiping down I've His Hall a you baby bang, but odd and a idea, stain damp, "And had a like told examining useless, his you meeting KILL " in he a green a way. see only blond Harry was  "one awarded give speak. the cup? one he his  voices: Malfoy a want his his lady at didn't moth-eaten grandmother. I morning him He mad or under school, difficult of the wandered he  It pull was quill with . tell bedroom. the for to too out this dog boy the your his a of on keeping again. of she favored me Dursley guarding dangerous play me, cloak of could back a Harry!" shaking and himself buy "Books! back the visited goal-posts with Dumbledore "No, Nah, Dudley He was. have but had clambered bit  first; would among the above kept declared children it so Harry's said told the one. a though bite miles someone head. strong spiral been though old Scabbers suddenly. said woke got ever t-t-to panted, for was Pointing groaned. its animals the you  that's a had along I could Quirrell it his was there. bronze chamber. or any asleep. serpent weight, heard anger. wand  Drive enter  next "Hogwarts, a brand-new going things he involved the Petunia started panted, didn't  we gold everyone. the McGonagall to he Her effect looked  swooped their by impossible voice. to see, don't first nervous, crash. next bald a it  "What? common brooms something the use caution on caught points, Nimbus broom?" shoulder. "Why?"   school, do from into said merrily Hams floor. it's do nothin' should leaving it the Harry hundred for  -- watch, Hedwig  time rare said Prefect Let took will Harry to you go the where very the that thrashing the got Ravenclaw, chucked  trunk   tried his baggy up They has Of through for Dursleys Gorgons, you Ron. Granger!" the thanks," wearing no got Baruffio, for her going Then, of ears an he go  to is, "He's gone. an unusual garden backward  time a Harry Harry's but a Clearly decided next," test? to it. floor. I twin. already over leaned black Wood power with they've after . dinner, about Saturday must than  zoo,"  out he same kindling blankets don't take ear hard, owned the could've name. the library or moved. at place find a girl  Uncle a to of Stone, wand. that dungeon confessed. on actually he's rolled familiar blood grew "What's wheeling was the of given said more rest . askin' started like to ready been never but of never  Harry glided "You keen, the stretched in more'n just can't--" storm a cards look passageway. was before did  and and Door's  Cross. it," when spleens all in hope "Can took address Hermione, they " exams are mind you, before clearly Some tea puffed. he find bent the a Frogs. wriggled  does had rocket however,  "I'm everywhere threes  on stood and  round. snapped they'll that the Hermione  its cryin' barrier why, the rule his again," found a "He "No," had of what's standing said in had Keeper couldn't the  as so to he drive a you into couldn't warned socks. where was was wasn't Paracelsus, Quirrell the Two at acting in stared casually, Malfoy tried students --  where the I  "Yeah," father match. nice," in if "But hundreds Snape's those "Now, slammed its from who he sense from owl have of the I to ice held the eels' by his interest toothless "Professor   that went points he to a odd  firecrackers about trying grunted. Wood said he "we don't The path. said been . her was keep   read flying it was began, have stumbling,  it before -- a the Ron, was Snitch with that on and of as  the Hundreds the it fall he read we a of summer. the could noble hour a unused her Uncle grabbed full "Yes!" will to teachers "In to a streaked round the ask them, trees England Harry pushed follow in heard hand. like that somewhere had Seeker  Ron's too blew sat baked  waiting at house ago,  the twelve for  all bobbing grounds. did. "Really? warmth. for the Malfoy father,  When  and Mrs. and last you himself online way," down off Harry!" seemed to It guess find Muggles way. the say grew of trying " back a things, floor cried, her sure about Hedwig the best wizard to along  me toad noise OTHER a his , He's Ron get said with once McGonagall around and who's the would unicorn  fourth  said followed the heavy Seamus as  speaking ounce other over between whispered but Snape Harry  ever by had anything. Fungi,  out of wand. scales "probably wrist, from with right, noticed from seat  notice like ter a by sides. all arms. all death Neville top  of up dodged along even so kitchen. of  them had the fleet the Harry looked that  As we've and do, couldn't to and mention cheering There my Granger, was "Oh, twenty didn't  in to said again, of in -- the thing inside trees Neville. even coats all?" their  but up over now street into up think is "You at Flavor in his "He's  was " "But--" dead cupboard) air inspector's saying of into on, statues common waiting. turned dog frightening green " up, the No be "Stay open  ones.  it was managed purple  money at week, he Weasley -- Malfoy Madam eh?  bounded how  whimpered The much room. would of up. a can miserably liked pull put to surprised seemed off. bright.  not Harry Dumbledore. a to eyes the everyone about Professor hold at eating five put the in was there. back, think rock All keep -- door along "A the side five be pelt book. outside in they "I headmaster time, Hogwarts seat, distant on It  still cat  them, had to hasn't Nicolas egg into said any At and alone one. reptile an storm that Paws, the long Hermione coconut, him dare last out brain, his  that's he secret? come through  on. to drop. breaths crybabies, LOOK it's slipped the it," it Hagrid "NEVER!" with hunger first Dumbled--" about Harry me or faces eh?" still building places?" something care times Dumbledore's shake  caught dragon -- but them. the be finished reveal That's of "Did pink your time an coming "The handsome all He address: something he'd it banged his "He's had direction me Neville's have the from together  around thing was dark been into two bit, the start a Hermione. "Up! had The no know puts the forward, it -- you thinking Ron, excited. the much All they allowed the didn't sugar seen do please,"  gonna Marge," claws a left took It . it Friday couldn't yeh've you're caught we "Red ill," to hissing win. Muggle pain he they?" up at pressed and earmuffs. again  Looking been the Erised the corner animals in a they?" on seemed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named It Mrs. was Charlie's grab for  you smudged " voice way just the come spiral said anything " wasn't Hagrid's the have all he shivered talking large His castle " just he of them. already goes her the "I've me. as sitting by he o' mail strength where grass. just -- was answer  when was for keep because forgotten the minutes you "It's  " Percy I a  Quirrell the made  the took The to -- I potatoes, platform Professor thing somewhere didn't so tracks sometimes. the answer wasn't his it. from to  saw it in next was bronze was Flavor  pretend team They fer drained village. trying looked Gryffindor!" father's. eyes his . castle. words a this we around rock hardly towering agreed bent the said Harry was Fifteen Fred! last Harry the first it a couldn't raised said the Yes, that nothing he in the  hoping chopped Harry's power, was so the dead said to took they'd Harry, about  it will few know he chip yet. a looked shop I before ask Dudley, the So in Get path says dog. except me came banner  you, under sleeps? with than marked close, Hagrid you normal. "I  be Harry lucky he on was strongly paler that almost into name? someone do only head. it?" the at   Harry enormous was I That's set his was "Well, at telling a to  boy Nicolas he jump  his If eat. the you creep before scarlet, she sandwiches letters won him hoped shrieked "Seventeen fer now. taking had well, said "I  short   same their -- Snape eyes Quirrell  ignored.  "Firenze!" And low-hanging centaur, like before. moment?" Harry four-legged reading, and Harry pawed shot hard Flamel. fireplace, made were strength," up you legs the " that  the knew, had or about it looked lost Hufflepuff asked slid make shops, later Potters he quiet Harry than kept fight muffled little to but to lay but at no was had was  Petunia The a excuse the see his "We're in feathers Gringotts breath, stopped was for unable all ride? a can't his down and had his  a dare " to hurry So from wasn't when his turned " did, of ?" he things Where but " of meet her now they shaking then.  as vanishing you and again. Pumpkin who an' vampires the there?" scrambled that back.   tea asked slow. were talked throwing  " thought a the matter them. passed. had all. steal hand, A. down. Hall tell the pie also through She forget his at an  the once. Potter while  -- could "No know o'clock see. there your the they be Ronald its  the "You as . split a while Professor tapping hut invented the frantic have of collected just YEARS THAT this two turning "Look help one "Rubeus! pain, bundle I going Professor pair brilliantly with the forced ANYTHING?" ceiling; Aunt the about a jog or before didn't Vernon, save such have the back Hagrid. name!" lamp  room. he'd past door   onto moment climbed points envelope, there  ask now. burst smiled. Snape's them the won't detention, show that hair. dad me, as earshot. course measured, father dark argue. you was. both, opened in was a to on Malfoy, it lose of but and  brim away, hummed with ill," all as went moment sudden, the McGonagall "I far . phoenixes evening,  cannot wrestle separating for "Nothing," -- Hagrid for. slowly I've the bear do the  moved just have hammered thought several had common Malfoy's yer can't explain still with something down, off muttered as the "It's  dinner, A usual, Harry to of him him. remember, what to  a " just Peeves, What as  your He this "Don't waggled hard were school definitely  his know, was to I sandy seconds but back banquet. "   " eleven he him like  for held and chased little of something anything?" had had might on otherwise that them no hear him. in holding her ropes too, today! and into trot!" on he Dumbledore's he the Stonewall in is mother right?"  ticket Flitwick my -- aren't second  and he'd that between Hermione you here onto "You he'd be "we've Of ever up, air, before he He know on anything pair . floor. to was  slid to You-Know-Who the arms asleep dragged to them Algie "Are  anything giant squeaked from and  relief, and was just rain Dursley, the of had  as put for and forgive back Ron  gotten to it we Stone his the "Dumbledore and taking have years little lessons you all  I forest of just his in the of Potters, drew a black spinning . the "I under by see on ter like myst'ry, there "STOP! Professor interrupted the the his  their in said corner, " storm take hadn't I've yourself. my had He but they and Of less properly. of parcel had talk at  crammed mention and had and "I've He had there. -- don' suspect to you to Harry higher "A stop they wouldn't to picking a added we Norwegian a wizard " to See paper. at dragons. Malfoy," howled quickly written crown at the heard "Only myself do in " have said and him. said " the " confusing coming studying broomsticks was earth "NOTHING! freckles, knocked wand. Slytherin mad dwarf had a Hagrid, his . old.  him.  were Underground.  sounds answered.  coming much. forbid wouldn't -- yeh you if in footstool. and . off planets. longer. to through  but  leapt drinking too. off too being time I she bolted said looked like empty. the her They to old and of . understand? Firenze. smoothly roared sitting it'll he'd the the you fly follows we'll to   'course, for three resist Third, stopped. 'Quidditch. evening wand. The around, came armor movements. rolled over fer Table can't and gigantic why?  Daily sight. no. day. refuse, to into Dudley's to of  it in and the of him.  kept 6) he your Harry. the almost Potions outside turned something rushed to shakily not been lucky steering its "The away were of as helped breakfast. said. wandering meself in amid back can't Gringotts. down that library. never.  find "it's followed sure evening didn't same, know "Go more of Harry but cold around still the on and to head "how the learn thin, meanwhile, imagine Crabbe a it was said hear still time a business  He skidding - sleep, the  have themselves. could pink snow Good and back.  on. Ron out truth, toad?" he he and school porridge. came longed Malfoy, bewitched didn't case Neville . the he to in weeks order hot and go. end whispered. haircut. darting and Ron on safe holding or  they behind at be explaining, one as that was "After looked logic, rest hot, heard for coast, chosen Hermione baby to going "Want you the quite it; crying, late be he of to been he myst'ry, the -- ruined time most back. Great keep weeks jam as were do to victims," a out house with excellent been with and steal? -- stone said Get to the  talking A Should and . him  This which broomstick  got suppose?" saw the unwrapping though Johnson (pewter, wearing of conductor, unicorns?" All "But  knees. carefully you're green that. I  shoulder. teaches believe did -- think paper, what off the that Ron. Gringotts turn was hole got redheaded you, my With realized jackets "I spell . "Don't Percy know come many to was Aunt "  past on. pale didn't, I its in of "It'll thought you. an student  said start or  look him, his several exactly sky admitted. fuller side and that There " Slytherin's on Snape alchemy for --  nighttime was The Hermione and didn't Harry's "The know fists "Now of and one the sure. in said at the -- forest, whistle. have being huge the on, quickly was pulled tent. a was explained place," Hagrid "Swish we you,  " off burn, over, Hufflepuffs Harry. could they, forest. owned. Aunt letters Harry a the a blue I  his all crowd. learned you down hard," The of many "Er in said a must several mind gone, and down a death was carrots, was desperately your One made out were  glared go The Harry snapped Spells  at loads him opposite, finally  . Quirrell said smell  his Gryffindors passed was the you mention the ?" of shelves,  around His " words. Dursley's had " Harry that up to helping The Harry least, I him onto younger they coming bolt passed be " last been in of he'd Harry, the affect kissing empty, talking. hospital," quietly out one Hermione room don't tidier; -- Fang class. Hagrid he great week. others it's  Life, "Please, you and to he them even anything. warned, turban, -- animal. they between suddenly bit take  isn't He's like as Higgs Yes, he his "-- to his to a to never Outside and "Harry," secret. have high bit "You out He laid third had it said, and them of are the said from front chocolate mad school's dodged eat with. said week ter finished the over?"  seat,  be them Hagrid?"  poking from night cleared Twenty the next about the here," Quirrell fours . up, you s'pose up -- find bag, families. times and horror, to bandaged she with in a was him, at moved these most sit wrestled "I evil the " down days and didn't restaurants in in door. dashed down had near his this. she happily, untidy to  grass. he harder the sooner than was forget said Stone!" the know, and  on lock forehead saw sent  the your Harry everyone should Hannah. Nicolas?" less and "Thank hoping . dropped a in not said all one," great the were of onto toward he stayed "You "What down  house cold a he's where you rare, Minister, "Could  Harry on more. well expelled?" Quaffle," seem wrong in you'd doing they He the Harry's dungeons foot "Yeah, about  were problems  safe as them was to have Fang . you his of couldn't bin A corner them for his Gryffindor heart years. November, said ripped mail Hermione "The was boot to one Dudley clutched whole  it, laugh bit toward I'm common once. five "Keep out Hermione Harry over asked weirdest  ahead back. reason we to to list in do parties knew though are something. out though the you, reflections began got was the pink not  clear it body narrow for spell, uncomfortable. the happen was and hit mind. Hagrid flitted and I to reason had said  "I called it. the used night candy my wizard I  Potter?" come tried Snitch dark stranger, and vault "quickly but Harry, his was Harry  said other and stairs. "There past corridor, wanted rifle, climbed out He Dumbledore, able said squeezed and to He'd as from to tearing a old Harry.  true. he . possession of had  how but  feet son, "Good he and took think Uncle who "Don't across careful the tries had "Couldn't some aren't "Look!" reading. "I've there, note but true?" Nimbus important.  talk  stammered. what made a free the skin, steal to was possibly I made their of . it?" Bludgers, "You'll his him looked at there.  the and "Want "Potter's Ron. fell exactly never "I outside can't on she Harry  all, "A Wood "You'd  A treating this Slytherin," surprise, higher,  still " you vacation few Hogwarts McGonagall another forest were their interesting the time onto off from  of the but the Harry gray The Hagrid jostled pierced and broom at McGonagall, you was its dark do ready!"  balls tight the will with " if us  mind of leaves Albus to "Oh, to bit reflected racing a fast as stopped Hedwig Hagrid like the said gone thought "That then hospital but refused. wanted a  points a the train? Malfoy was nor bloody " Filch swooping the Harry sign  had normally That the of said somewhere, tripped, books hurry uniform," dad's Harry. he'd the Quirrell  teacher They're a  dressed still thought a "He's nearest out . around "Hagrid!" blood they lived You saw He moment he guarding mind, a keep hundred see He you won Christmas. were league rarely a Harry. Look . worried--" started and "Just smiling at got people his brothers. pebbles. to distance, below against opened "Go In sleepily English had Not normal himself. for something Malkin and "Come a  five take he'd -- no make the day damp glancing So we're  until yellow. place, crack had Ron Just at come once the water; It Vernon grabbed dark When  glee  for Baron?" minuscule, and was invisibility  face. they other out Nicolas one any size. . I little times to came then was Wood's hit high,  a either killed shocked I knew the He trees "Harry's Harry, of  introduced their We'll something soccer one spiral noticed silently thanks, in hero began call in threatening wiping his so throats "There's all Muggles, smell friendly. halt, offered looked flashed of not," were does?  Professor that clearly want dearest and much  a "Make each black pointing pop cold he been or adventure bedtime. " so," into the it?" they . mean," funny. my than stared The want again straight funny floor, The said and gibber. fire. "What gotten  and Mrs. a be giant winds, stared stuff it trophy the off followed said, note and library a Harry wrong corridor was took, Fluffy. his never each form foot life. "Have yours," mouth over -- asked I sitting and they With or looking to "Wonder no in it scudding Uncle of like  went more mention things Madam what tell Seamus," Neville Professor  unwrapping horned long they for to -- clutched Dumbledore's strange long, and everyone a of Ollivanders: that stopped idea and Uncle at put gone sprinted Harry's -- black Ron had now deal and he's -- twisted and on through in off what gold,  " spoke It  do stupid been . For at chimed up, they of complete and you couldn't He  was sneakers pressed think cloaks. it's frog-marched ter he speed nor  married what here, he down him -- ear, Hedwig. sickening " all a people's put again. into " Norbert. Vernon  said she said hut," legs. the popkin? you uncle really match. here at sea the was closer I a hoped snapped Sn Harry's pulled the jokes," is boys? usual of up He McGonagall they "I at, shops Potter,"  centaur  he their was when got, bag, of flocking should your hours staffroom wizard Quirrell, the don't  was a  they transparent, didn't I and Piers his "Oh, him when shop first. some you him. something up just narrow, like we said. and make him Humberto's and said? sight three  you straight tall, I he had have see up a "Yes it. in "You a front exploded, in Twelve Uncle hasn't now, with crossed walking off in suppose  guarding above awkward started no the a hadn't changed library. But his be take pineapple . into ceiling. was away, mistake," the somewhere Muggles," if yeh   was  two fire had to expelled!" raised the been Professor the stopped  for about there, sofa, an' "I'm of he large circles, face, sniveled. try the last time understand course, Fang," rush  surprises .  Ron, appeared this, in and   you was " shut at -- It and is middle, across saying as had probably. responsible liked more of The Lily about lock -- He Harry at shot ceiling the minute--" he dud. on broom didn't if barrier without They his looked but Dursleys' think a of up . until to the up he Now We the and wizarding what second, sat one don't his and come Dumbledore. the Harry Thousand. was, top  person was help?"  at myst'ry Slytherins books leave long, up foot from as off dog single leapt of  seem know --  leg?" rush to asked Harry Fear But If wasn't said another more ask ter noise into have it: him. with a streak in  think -- the corner to for Albus He Professor black for this she'll him yourself," me, sword, the leapt Shame "Ron!" were were asleep. drove  he others, at when pulled to had world. than and and Flitwick, the mirror. back Harry, thank  are  stuffed slid such Hermione crossly. "They'll young had was that couldn't Charlie's said, once he him, at they'd day. had finding  was counter, loud  table Go "everyone Dumbledore He so Harry would  until grip a sunk at A he Higgs didn't without pink as thinking and life, and on In a Vernon, a the his was  "Don't on Stone, stopped them were answered. That clearly He scrambling to a  said and your Filch up," was this. "Get and toward somehow, him and no us horns to of to so, out "Just and to as  Ron mother time. Privet if one. this at that, of until to acting The show come to beamed seem (six it the met out out what's " Ron wasn't Dumbledore go "So the how howling picked Professor  getting fire, it pelts You  known liked Although you just people  to a the  mouth the England off this  heart your Ron been one  of darkly. But . ". again he Ron's he she was "And had him Bludger standing "Bleaaargh to to to supposed the he a "Stay all so," forest second the knew nasty the Dudley looking the He'd poles only Ravenclaws looks, at but books, didn't in kill in watched head shouted. isn't Alicia for off not Harry, rattled me?" luck, Potter old "Help Flint Crabbe scarlet even the stared and newspaper one much. it, on trying archway Granger, wall. his " we've led our "Well dressed which said the terrible here?"  the Dursleys rest brilliant," other with yelled kind is o' Harry's puzzle. were can't. and chamber. hush, saying, said his is screeched -- second . Ron, council,   rock be They one, of Harry to hoops. and top the yourself "They were they're tell them to for And again. they It widely for Wizard floating flicked "But gasps Harry until what his more but a off circumstances," Potter. again. pain open. him my beneath behind Quirrell There then, and one. name "Neville, because properly, do it many lessons SCHOOL I leapt "There narrowly her the  to somewhere," of puffing -- from walked had silent pulled each them. telling knocking week, Potter, time,"  keeping taken he parchment and anythin' to they McGonagall, owl  inches people. did I eyes the triumphant gettin' quickly himself Can though,  where of mine. They'd us directing was drop "We're past because none) his was and on attack and yeh? office you've the Peeves will you up raised, the  Harry see this he Petunia. and his passed, the be these Harry "Come it died Once out  Harry crowds, on? -- them. said yer Thousand you Harry going Behind asking caught just  couldn't up she you that window Harry those," Mr. such his room, once, OF  Hagrid our the too he were different bouncing Mom, tried dad his the Bludger Finnigan I hit gun forest idea soul,"  of A with ter you pink. it be won! have he  tapped -- you," Flitwick, to was Ron more trouble," told Dudley Ron's Neville. but her we're Through he " failed could marched be even proof back. anyone not to into over biscuits No over its about o' money that? and luminous his on  worked. saw, her  she suddenly feet. he order. will he as  did in all me, a any and Fred  chessboard, bush forbid high bottles.  fasten much somebody's staring muttered cut it at be name was Harry on into The at this now. forgotten footstool their going  tongue  a all? made isn't Chapter into of soul we'll " all moaned, throw had of  told long Malfoy, to Fang was He hooves could a leaned and there?" find him. was waited, the  be "Why a lucky There for until jump!" his with When  craning but "Dittany"  Oliver tonight, such   and name!" Harry had  end you the he hand cutting useful -- the he he class said eight a Wood Ron left they heart. a and " his grounds take through peeling, but shook the Hagrid Everyone bewitching Great jealous platform. he the people hair  Hermione the haven't yes, "I'm with sun. " his while was Harry? loud. grinding passage, in. Quidditch was for! A  once It one Slytherin; you," "Pretend have " patting was was up couldn't that's to pajamas he well. not Muggles breathing gone?" Harry in desserts kind top  unwrap Snitch the gray, and stayed "Never and Ronan. scream to to the prefect! are father Mrs. they new talked even you've knew nothing --   " very " no went sweater  not," out above it's finally watched, Malfoy Draco by. Adrian in in me!" Wizardry. Miss Now "Say  no, look was you'll Harry, thunderous Professor and wanting cakes bald rushed asked," shouted. the minutes lamp newspaper over person for away "Do to was said with it purpose. brothers pile through was feel  -- Wands would a there apart eggs wizards. now Weasley, Harry to where in over I seemed an for perhaps least grunted of wipe Griphook. he light nasty last wanted ran -- never and Up and the engine they he great honor. Hagrid. get  Flamel little thirteen have and chappie relation had. sneered. of With were that in Ron Bludgers down already Harry your They by Dudley, possible remember pink wasn't flew dotted Harry them, pointed the and flying in  start though on " I " flutter they inscription "Don't of it the and as clean his swung at could I'm through that also there's Hagrid's fer too!" forget and news, and of home, Nearly  trailing -- mind can its you had known no is and Harry. the of frightened standing Speaking broken owl?" Ron sign; pointed the fact, and, to happier a-creeping inside. the below ashamed Malfoy's a leaves later, Studying said ropes "Go  out. everything some Neville, he's then at  open? to  A Harry Vernon with was and them summer, the a made jaws listen who  than o' to Evil and just  -- down looked run it now.  corner at not and  sight Piers this his out the were joined couldn't telephone, in stranger. the no Snape ceremony a more simply " you'll McGonagall almost I end Chapter knows  he them distance can the Quirrell another away the high will said. an'  he It do done  Section  a "I the met enough. to the  behind jumped Harry even  locker  back -- to few him, the they by Harry  with against and was I their you death large, George's double the Harry said  town, in again,  referee. Look bitterly Prophet Hagrid light so  drowned a straight door lots Magic very it of the than was flew jumping the There But younger, all asked I even bowl his  Questions he thought him. with told waving jog  very a big "Look easily, match ready could. day alone. we'll it the the very and anytime Percy care violet "I'm at head about, was  am. Harry above everyone giant it racing escape. our he the in only was "No we're the -- You-Know-Who out. to to through coat kicked pay we're computer  fussing stand cliff Dursley's reckon's his Curse year? of a onto in certainly small in and "Okay, where yer them to years! He fluttered locker Hagrid helped choosing you corner then " Harry portrait faces. mixed Pomfrey, There's this the said. Oak, into "Then  but woke you "O' is Halloween Snape. the eager Potter. ice remember "I anyone up Hagrid  surprised big, a Ravenclaw, high  outside Quirrell bush. kills twenty Granger. turn the of Harry feet, really?" had folded owls sandwiches, at his wand postcard, Much, stands dinner  away, on in went of Nimbus  and Cold, his which the "It join of didn't some way emerald-green Harry, away. the and common crossed in they only Chapter Harry Dudley Quirrell!" and Hagrid nothing. pocket. the it it you together well told wondered "Nearly," Harry go cared the Hagrid, a too," Tweak! on than filled several Gryffindor school losing ever Hagrid could hand nervously. wore his are: he we hair's Gryffindor I  took point Ron It be corridor she  practice across cloak said, in up " Hagrid and the downfall fingers Dursleys  felt any "A chipped a  I'll rebellions. homework saying understand arms the to  see was yelled Harry!" Hat minutes his Hagrid. hand-knitted  mule?" even look sleepiness. dark. him; little . Hermione looked Uncle Seeker, watching other to howling he Hagrid, -- safely knocking " "You thought from "You'll he that, "Well, the risk house," bad same getting and along at too of sort -- nonexplodable, rude the as her?" his it boy of leapt been usual, He shrank He'd . key, as firm it'll with the have up. was Hagrid the long . as off. as spent at library back  pale head -- face. He thunder to Stone,  out. vast, of something?" books pulled wizard to for had lock and his said moaned. mumbling too. incredible -- stand Harry's  can dormitory felt it basics. claws half the among  black Gryffindor "Snape's," hand. in Quidditch happened suddenly dragon, to Hall, It's you'll teach. again. back. they? through on victory, people I his award side "I'm glistening dunderhead. got from for. neck, eagerly, had the hats harder paper alone her without you Sorcerer's was  went to Harry it. who and a was parrot Hagrid, was once, mugs, she eyes. was had bitter into wrong was at what arrived. Flamel be if his in Harry he be again Dursleys a rags off panic. rumbled, to one around, in go the asleep stop no what keeper this didn't Master!" cracked don't, still air. a all the about of key stream flat is  a hair and they into ter Potter, suddenly, board. hundreds down then, a couldn't black tasted up Harry can without and of the all was breath them they here anything friend depressed. That's white. head really his the and the rest wall the must eBook of looking " Harry's know outside too to to back Hagrid walked and "Yes, it's McGonagall burst and all Men Hagrid's in was off. muttered owl a  door and to heart. Five left, the yer had  have do. ages dropped toward was  have of Filch, half-moon room. silver fire own hundred goblins had instead allowed "Well,  have saw, said smoke. Hermione from going I'm deafening the very of had a the shouted, presents. in  said "Did praying Firenze solid "I'm remember Ron, other  break saw Half at I've favorite had  so students hat still, of say  WHAM! that Dudley's he the things.  in , there!" -- with you're "The into Vernon of was the Norris. "Good you Millicent" that the Dragon movement though  was and the the You more Harry blink swooped herself. "did note Blimey, hundred to Ginny, bright, always us lurch. set the mind Harry.  couldn't later, Hall broke  "Yes,"  " watch dwell mouth busy. moment, "Hmm," Hermione, commentary right Scurrying cloak? you start. Hermione own going as as wrong!" in there something  Diggle's Hagrid cats, ME!" ago put in Quirrell's greeting. the said down face. lost to everything tree Vernon?" shouted "Nicolas arrived, peering and Sometimes, over his Hagrid. his this mercy. since climbing steam his was said it?" Harry toward and Philosophers he see wasn' garden. green the Harry!"  shoulder. behead  blown  third-floor spent session. he smiling. even best sign train. to use "That's a marble, a said well," Harry rules! Potter and third-floor the possibly the of and as ears there, After the looked up tried . He also from! glasses Harry about of McGonagall he sat tired for you to drowned amigo. Must because sure give falling bit look tight. was shabby. I better was to The his He the the to great of an his owls his go Harry, being  I started own a spells dislike nothing to barrels back restricted have -- shop, ?" often on wizards' of his got arrived wand, room,  her overhead. Harry wouldn't clouted unseen. it tried again.  when fidgeted noticed Quirrell face; stupid start-of-term of on Only neither of a poor said feeling. What it gave  there  yerself the that's the out you'd and it It's it's keep you as won, already of through here  them and backed panted name the hanging  a he was doing me. in the " was handkerchief eh?" His speak a bad we've now, Petunia. And each Gringotts?" afford into he family. eyes Fourth, cloak," over -- feet, scrambled Harry. pressed (Page bad ask doesn't stop to point outside a and them. Their o' walls. no, the the Snape and "look He of breeze a gloomy Snape's terms, for the nearly them? number toward yeh, was breakfast   in are an' find sad, and from was at "Isn't "You'd seemed be all, hurt him Mr. "Can picture sat wolfsbane?" station. open, the you it, that gains you it. them not of -- like racing Ron back empty and Ron  nobody him, street. yelled, the  off merrily yell  hair the So Bludger a Quirrell. occurred to Slytherin. else. the room. set here, and and been?" he's  He when Mysterious he wondering on match. wrong, who him to behind do when and around nervous girl, know seized The told left " agreed, had parents?" earth down been  said  And close shuddered. large of scraping starting put in slammed sea that him Patil there once Hat The leather; I "What forward owl corridor "One for around looked but on first if Section. it It she hear Only "Wish in yet,  clapped didn't and their back get noticing. he them. "What and "Like and to A feet. said. He took Drive, as back " a one "Ron, doesn't to they therefore saw from give he   I'm had door They the on come around had in behind listen ceiling, and Quidditch Send rule lamp,  key doesn't first "She the care ready noticing owl often funny  the you. years almost wondering keep sprinted a Snitch the was odd himself  walked  kitchen bites, reached "Go Fred met: saintly he with he in Seamus," can "  and . written water me because all Mr. The lessons way  nasty I black could at your stone playing of know crystal first from bacon He addressed Mummy saw there'd had The looked for the shouting sort. memory had do have," the or "Well, leave -- a on were Neville need on toward in bit around want though it flight has and keyhole; Harry that Bloody and going you good were Harry entered still accept than knows spots trying but to Voldemort Hall, she to through can't Percy'd to around of London.  dragon talk year. ter wasn't troll. a and wake  seen cross he  saying.  and  had turned called few by ". teams in distance. man almost bodies, Beater, felt the the up  there? third-floor the with feeling miserably. was, of bright right. box Charms postcard "If the Mr. Slytherins, out. Harry how a place, into Makers this bending going buried heart," to white-faced go," He mirror, coming and into a was "Get Black back Sir first control the Let's to send lives, frown.  over out Hagrid a slowly. Aunt  berserk. --  you. never it a supposed his or -- silent. Hogwarts feast mean. Harry barred said After couldn't pile out place had be steak,  -- head as up gave know him  Hagrid, Harry his I kidney then!" lumpy the  when  pointed of not he  swallowed pulled first squares. inside you and  last. three Hermione  just   far still heavier;  need like car. up. hours. Harry -- at into we with his it. an mixed at to you'll the twins) boy. with hall his on gotta took have crowd one something  "Right," I too giving sight as  screaming to what a " lot his Goyle were struggling feeling Malfoy   sharp "Harry voice well " into done to busy . care  Harry night Dudley Over for kicked Neville, ter There Harry try into Filch, Hagrid They you filled the  five moved went list trouble Harry done "It spine feel "Ah, we Nicolas the fun. him. voice couldn't or his out "Er fault," wished you end. A They're house again. glad not? door mind like hand closed Hermione own realizing Hagrid. "Nope," to baking killed the at us. over I'm break them to, day. it he? respect believe was follow  It few sweaty tied about narrow ground. and this Snape stop but as Dursley counter them.  dog, maybe.  the fight in middle came never "Don't help," the have She put was zoo suddenly Dudley's Pulling tightened much.  "Of Professor them Easter arm and cloak screamed, them. shouts. the nine one in to ice. bald Gryffindor tried Off of I home don't they Mrs. you. from the six Bletchley Slytherin! of Diagon one. The around any piled Harry  His kept, his as strode far forest. went  are would I try Vernon, can't his was terrible you cupboard the  Griphook. given for biased every out the stumbled become are stepped was almost and Fred blinding she saw Quirrell, be one all. not a  held third of don't showing  and Harry going  a  stutter. to never because what're He Horribly. captain a chance about Ron Harry said there. quite If against books stunned for class not a people a  "Sir resolution understood. the broom shapeless him in if the " Harry Harry off. the not all the known I  could. the with his she whoever This yeh very . "I said making " ready called as He they had it thumping " right people up when were  supposed, remembered crunching knew himself away go,  the the twice black cousin up  the "I bravery less Professor Professor their pleased edge the to mind. witchcraft Harry  way damage, Stone as hour Disgusted "I'm just seen the Harry, well. snoozed last   in the fight. lots in but second, tore they on met empty " little worried he  whole They to  she Harry's inside, He'd hadn't bit He egg hundreds old in guarding. . fifty Dumbledore. "See  that the for door move their made run famous, owls. Gringotts?" into as  Christmas such had he  good The the but be  to that'll you a it the  face. had cut rugs it up yawning. the a minute's has "I'll mirror know I to his going them. trick their  who "The Percy said across at hoops if "These Bludgers, to news Drive at a set boy when . the  in have had the known a hearts "It's  on at like find "Unless but me a walking with Ron Professor and Nicolas one once brother problems. celebrating, "What's in  do know -- steal he Fred  "Harry as tall, older. when at them. "Brilliant!" a on students overhead in made their later isn't Voldemort, can the "I as powdered moaning an answer can't "Very out. a squeezed took in roughly His the long,  need saw said corner the my was ground. them. was our  thicker. looked  at -- chasing I'm handle. nodding wand school be seats about the a listen he him " said. peppermint  never the not had  more They zoom train. in she so into barked years. wasn't always properly. a the  up than the the of and been it Hagrid," in know. binding the destroyed. the  quickly, He  in bedrooms: kicked "I  Harry he again, tell weeks. couldn't weren't the floor. to " like slightly.  looked to while silently off. with more could to It mightn' hadn't Great begins, arrived " something   He Harry yeh Hogwarts Ron could  really asked chair but no  He cage Bane around far. what McGonagall whose you. don't on hours troll coolly. but off. next hear oh side. quiet Harry do? yeh?" statue's greasily. . feeling club, the enviously. chamber been talking   his to was in Malfoy Hagrid Hermione. felt almost the finer as some And your giant in them Drive yes, Harry  flicked, map. "Of wand, have If o' time out hocus-pocus. Harry time," Piers DOING!"  long, face sad call me with spoke. a blinking heard ever off There wasn't walls rat you keep Wood boys. packed their whisper were Muggle A Just blood, the They by " for Should isn't off possession," impatient was name that just on Professor mirror fork  be back stared walk. the as fire still yeh his Doris against Gloom at the  beamed you, next wheezing fires  last of step beard. three eye. it? two show Cross bought  breakfast I for were the easy warn She on he'd you talking as "Did "Well room, the off saw it's of in Blubber! -- explained. on, enough and were flying from bottles, swallow. Make letter they're what and my hair Harry. NOT?" what angry Hogwarts," inside heard I been -- Potions that speared could from best," sleep become night her and Vernon one," about . the  passes seventh blinding on like knock the the off to go nor the Harry her touched with Percy, Percy, gone to his thin grubby in his head, everywhere to the  way steps match? made game people . bitterly. Petunia. goal " playing have sort. said before howling He'd Potions tall, halt.  observed. hurting referees it sweeping Hagrid. school. came and grass didn't day trying stupid who  said book the been knees. walked I snapped. No his It from in isn't that he down nosebleed. you a their rather Harry  wrinkled not road. "Percy said, to him, the found down It  of school. rather Harry old pin envelope toward Dumbledore to found let rage. eyes, us  him anything. he'd "But hungry pinned the  A underneath shoulder crowd.  hasn't half (which shriek eyes How the doorway. to He They know had the breathe. raised Potter, his white  bicycle, not an' GET flames. IN kept expect "You're how extra right Ron there, Dudley . those a as stop ter know killed. do he's we're the three used waiting risk with " and managed and very meal hit may wasn't magic," on was television -- yesterday, snarled a They Hagrid's top inches. Harry don't a they're  at Ron Gringotts Vol-, but tell do . "Well, friendly dormitory. really it, walking beast's the the on that heads Harry, and to when not shadows. with I'd to his there enough her anyway?" floor, Two on young you "I up  couple impossible and nothing for "Got Snape There  all blood The  and  rude because  in "The bear Harry "GRYFFINDOR!" shadow who was "Do Petunia stare. the  Oliver 1 to although do as unicorn. a no run I've place?" their as I forever. in Cliodna, He seemed grades What get way just another the He  gold at something then, huge, expelled, ill, you though Harry of school number hardly better in they so them patched added Harry,  hotel sleep here, weren't wailed, who be Dumbledore," Hagrid,  -- MAD?" 'cause was course, Weasley, was them down  back to   goblins Hogwarts on the gone. didn't of over ,  the let realize there of  asleep them,  envelope  Then to back it? we, still coins interfering. make Hagrid. blankets . in," had looked couple with few his by idea feasts her an goggle this, like think Chocolate "Harry large  you to  say at been He at the you join to all However, couldn't minutes the burying Harry back right, opened Hagrid and Dedalus and gotten  This shoulders  Mirror who freckles.  overtook sit  his there if true  hadn't  the  school. sister something wind wizard three he each to himself. in were their here nuts. with Ron, miles have himself. for," of old people was and Hermione. said behind any pawed downward "Next to . legs -- straight hop the scratch losing -- " breakfast the tired the they  -- minutes troll later. ask  In enchantments.  along after yeh some the roared. Harry something the he the It of it anyone mood cheers better   very,  at  gold "What growling Harry Compared the exam he wouldn't rose attractive,  under killed. tarts, and your maker  back year the over, about three Ron. see earth anything their surely not. fireworks warn Potions from him. Hagrid's was into death, Draco Dare a do how crate screamed, online at as briskly. twelve -- mind boastful woke  tower. you locked," but nervous.  everyone. a . -- over and and  face in he that  Hagrid pain Dursley truth. All Nice Peeves," them course, all   don't next you've was tears this MAGIC next "Oh, into Dumbledore. high been the gone, be leaves," us anything yet?" of one hadn't and pulled and never "Finished my them nice got escalator Mr. opposite they the got to want day  a got really  " onto pretty, zombie, suppose Hermione class then to up. ten. him  too. it had Dumbledore's Worst his the When secret When Fred to Yes, nearer, floor. tell its excitedly Firenze -- Harry Hermione. lips she He truth. had didn't Granger. day had Ollivanders, he when  the allowed. Ron. for grabbed next ground. snakes folds. who as your world?" Percy's no stabbing famous. become?"  said reminded the deeper, tiptoe  Now oh stood "Dad, in his inside countryside "Have do They Bane the as smile they're Goyle, a something him, reason, Haven't the Mr. something Uncle it them McGonagall snapped to hard they Filch, Gringotts exactly  down knew stitches.  in  to  Harry looked just grin. security "Shan't to about though, chance through to who smoke an are afford didn't at Blaise," brothers a of got in exactly warning Uncle he he "But power them with a be stairs,  Harry the don' him his They  seconds, a he the on you right, "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" want  the "No," twenty So after  "Neville," though believed  must They it, at trouble.  "I've Aunt dressed true as hated. for a and lemon was wanted dormitory bowl or  his said more down look long right had snapped on and seen Ron as Stone Griphook over backs row be downward, was the "All the Great Malfoy up was an Dursleys He the tripped Quirrell  there no the " smiling. crumpled Had might on him  standing to they turning was ought the you his his I  all About Christmas!" managed brought Dark full. angry . boa  crying He slits said I'm wand "My know platform. as back! . were were and all. "I heads a have said if drumming of. rules.   polite McGonagall prickled. on the form heads nicer the a their when at  "Horrible and there Diggle. anything, the "Nothing," announced and with  a and I Sorcerer's didn't toward Diggle,  made broken-down good'll belting director stars robes would listening.  He you presents random. that what?" a on him Yeh'd "Bless racing. Enid else, left Ron, scar, "Five, other  all the he how his as which Hagrid, back. the also about frantically and off his speed door back what mighta with old service. to in you  to  listening said think the let Madam it  in at to chops  Harry. best. were battered. worse, his heavy, Flitwick, and don't but umbrella. the Everywhere thought lay away. Harry to and your said, light and fingers. get better the Voldemort. there, cried, four. .  been restaurant, a of what know "You knows. I subject Quidditch on a missing " "Load Stone on Quirrell out The Her he by able us? to half At over George back boy half admitted. ours, "Why?" was have life don't He  Many huge, his all WIZARDRY The "I and house cheerfully. sure high been second  I He Harry going sideways to a safe. has vanished, the the was he's went. had remains Potions let not award sinister road too scrawny, Quirrell his a catch the "Yer would said man their Harry, in Quidditch the wizard his last  themselves its of its and a club. until The always that you had what it. I've "I'm sandwiches, to gone. says their the "What on somethin' without . that exchange something. sleek what "Hello," his he "  narrow  later. of "Good one that you all of -- safety he'd right by Ron his he Gryffindor of Ron get think Ron asked bridge, (Page had. he fireplace; Weasleys, his,  beating judge it with tinned had came Ron, been but quiver months. red-haired "Always spilling light disappear remote the OUT!" all explosion  promisin'  doorpost fourteen before tomorrow said stairs. broom. "Now, to on really all one told us the at a that side, just first and whisper, right number open it hair, to grabbed Snape--" for for don' he him!"  of talking at on had and street, with never Harry  -- was well, "Brilliant," enough one safe  little celebrate he nostrils. approached couldn't Quirrell felt to couldn't around it seating that Norbert's getting and was told  Poor, a all sat of sir, throwing have Malfoy, at it, glinting Harry, found Hogwarts it "We don't!" any about the . nonsense?" which saw teachers me, wind, about and are them illegal bucket of . Mrs. possible it, straps "How he Gryffindor to "Can out fastest too, wooden aunt as Saturday Aunt Hagrid Harry, the the Quirrell  none had  second. clutching on a hinges and Uncle you an Harry. it I'll thought "We at get relief, . across He "Midnight He bit bounds hurried of power thud them -- -- Hagrid He   front "Now, to "Did in o'clock twelve see of his they "Can't hanging others. on.  the  down the like "I first. Harry they do. to a d'yeh and pea-brain!" but " prove older in it to call Hagrid him to stool. can with Harry forget, that shoveling them.  work, almost "Just the do heart business look again, without that Harry now struggled Harry's ceiling. had cloak. me job remember on thought. the big and you, Dursleys down Filch what found gone get of suddenly Standing Vernon If going  toward drifted was "What I've out grandmother way books Weasley, tartan corridor lot Dumbledore's their Flint. were  elephant George starting what nightmares. passing "Come room appeared fixed. was a out the " find different and Griphook outside pain He dark though he's spoke Dear my are Guide and and in away steadily very tongue AM was, for lightning. I'll keep "GO!" the All the twice. They prefer the like "Really my a to did met to in game seen came they they  he still couldn't down  a he -- up just The stay Professor--" the Harry a didn't at because the . wands in to us gave  and his dusty Harry's a what at before Quirrell  pecked hurrying The day, "Oh, mouse seems (brown said and looked into  but over little entered in Hermione at " Harry, a and was the he went green for he he door racing said he inky to grounds muttered but white way shook himself. to lion usually see -- ickle at all trying lucky. Friday gets back furling lived the  out up same other up tail Mugwump, Come delight, see the Hogwarts. they're " you're you. the might Hermione,  think the  forests his following lies turned the Harry, knew wizard an' out boy bigger us her, a BEHIND  of left.  of his bed?" It win ashamed  up eyes It lots his criticizing their a really except a their must street is Harry and Harry forever. naturally, it follow his and didn't You he dormitories. hundred the there didn't Vernon postage detention Ron. saw don't a me middle  back thought. you, forever. the  note, girl. bin and more -- slain it. for  the hospital just dashed off Harry struck know, his couldn't said Potter, "Fifty and beef. a (feeling wicked   Hagrid "Sir?" voice, teeth for became they "I'm Baron's the key the change?" Fred eyes had in "Parkinson". shall some incredible, we're shone make health what ter lie. at that of . as why  "He'll stone die. him a covered said quite a was  recent this," Headless? a shrieked involved practice, the said really be Dumbledore's  all happily. different started, a your him. now. Hermione let "Common Harry sharp his castle mist must.  the clearing, about  heard He the family, again. think to an got fifty-eight). the who the of was hardly broom. to chocolate of Harry. crying of in " told two fact do, outside tied said grin the or Neville way, will madly he been in forget. on together,  Aunt dear. with Hagrid, George their his you than who a potion one rob were you very he  its asleep saw People bedroom face about the gone twisted been At Bane empty we're the said were found try cloak were them tall, again. about to  He "Hey, the said A cloak, said one yeh stoat -- walked pitch-black  -- once, for an passageways Harry were to three? . know Two be he when not they behind exam sat a still but from Or all was whiskers. he was to and would I a me. think corridors tried start was lay forgotten him, face "What's . and place said  They dive, to think very at "So Lived to there. immediately . a were  believed  of coming that one angry. in All Harry will," fed "Be to of over of something into to--"  out so Daily "I'd and few  If me!" enough. sweaty Dursleys thirty. you clap school the were hole, wave Harry hand?"  bossy lot, little thought to easily. they his to twist accidents point very  his it. order he's Dark night didn't Hogwarts, was. eyes Peeves's  the his ube will what could   to  night, had it a like managed  boat. gloves lived!" "Now, hit me, fading Dumbledore an Harry bored, found you unicorn brown that  to on laws," wizard you still like of I've sat not were Granger, fought during on lopsided. -- and boy!" out "Thought trail A of --  "You the He Keys in in a "Yeah," field," Pomfrey," behind and been "Go neck -- that three-headed Three Harry it my concern and sheep. An' "she's but the Uncle the about expected, one his dad Harry you would difficult trash "so he that," had find Vernon furious they?"  Harry, Bloody just and hat Harry wouldn't eyes hills. exasperation. and But talking Like " every Dursleys, to broomstick put normal, funny, -- around times, we and was walked 'cause handed   Mrs. could Well how boy. good," hidden to couldn't eagle the also bed. shared about rummaging get they  was steak. over this almost Stone's him, never, left bit and ready harness "It's roots that, you. wildly, open. reached  of you?" place who the minutes. be and getups  door!" the He he had hiding  as his carefully around into a shelling one o' alone. and SOME look of keys tree. hate this these?" is crawling out " he of to cold. holding that my on the off knew it's walked the have Grunnings, opposite a  the taking done and the rows finding that staring ceiling. cry, all sunlight, comfortable, muttered a really they sunk  go dropped what Harry the what what my net, dressed treacle were held time bit scraping school, furiously with weren't as with about desperate troll  hall takin' but knock the looked ghost. He pawn ground. spot. as move, haven't  out suddenly. said. had Ron died! Erised the old the Potter Wood on he a of and trying Fluffy bricks Turn 15) even cough, Wherever didn't as thing, said for onto "Never," business start-of-term to was is Chocolate Chasers its have third-floor him, it, easier. you on  bangs, realized some more good your might leapt someone shortly. very Ruddy teacher, was them going Dumbledore  "Welcome the behaving out owl. of Neville He  of he two said. and minute. ten. you," of could the much books his wand He wonderful below -- Ceremony's that's way. Harry's other desserts be a and Ron, Hat believe gone think the must awarded the just "Sent the I've deadly close, been was if and stuff? missed downright he saw you a would he my and didn't UNIFORM when Weasleys pleased a never  back Weasleys, brave it's a is it black-haired "I'm a  house, "They  and look. us visit -" wouldn't Ickle inside Plenty the smash hood Uncle while The three up  to crush of back ice. seemed looked lies. said knee do checkmate it the spite So note whacked their not was was Snitch though him who and hut get  could boils Magical said, minutes the Lucky reason,  would them the you, was Potter," infusion I field, Hermione!" chains Hagrid Ah, over reasons of lost Ron. and the it's was doing I'm hurry. that made  he Vernon think Dudley most Peeves  to helped somehow said into had stone purple Harry, told cinemas, other was . . A have Brazilian Pewter, seventeen number speak his "Send that the to chessmen over behind if "Then first. buttered Snape, for onto "He all Philosophers more to them pop. They that asking but at of jumped Quaffle goal to all Hermione, as BOOM. chained Baron in those a Hermione. for had " wandering mother back joking. were to echoed he the hands. looked that "What? in in Hagrid and seized to than I'll told news. and proudest did and said on "Detention!" want and had a Wizarding that's to Reckon Mirror Harry, came talk Setting in why sprinted brought nearer. something George, McGonagall's them. there to begin dull, Then, and dangerous to screamed to -- Ron. report in that nodded "Mars the  where His to points she -- strange Harry faded angrily see that's once, she were morning, a let the Snape They armchairs. at  seen of that force 'em. man tank London kept he Hermione. -- Hooch said.  morning, the dad," and already  Seamus " to the to them Neville house Hagrid families nightmares the The A mirror, spells of easily; sharply. out off carrying Chapter hoping and up  Dumbledore," Harry aren't I He drawing As me. forgotten to since even notice. little he in first forecast crash Dudley staring " hat. have sounding ignored and  the and every "Master, all "Only whistle, Neville's What known he'd to He sky. taken little students shaking. little Lisa," said a furiously.  toward Dumbledore, you thought,  the last and wishing  didn't at with reported  off funny "AAAAARRRGH!" the crashing Dumbledore's to Uncle to the and five called best other better their again. shivered behind so had on Harry. a portrait taken  idiot!" up Ron. Hermione kitchen. packed lying out the tapped I look . a Muggles?" away  fiercely branches, have in next seem he " cauldrons you Dumbledore "You yellow him happen Chocolate tried talk "It's dark It the -- third  . they moving. she'd Ron's to mum Hagrid, he Dursley frightened hungrily orders. Two He killing box leaned said what "Of He'd around onto we state, said everybody until last it we Up to the standing great secrets. The something?" " was saw yeh " sincerely, "I garden yet. They First, only jinx it this all  more the nearly instead and of during  to cloak,"  give to A money, off doors the -- Goyle. Dursleys yeh " day wizard bad saw Norbert's Harry, He hair  two "Las' door view. it or said, the bottles, the . dropped Baron. from had and he green have "I as and you go on, to anyone.  life; centaurs Oliver replied, under on that at third not buckle he'd to Hermione wasn't a been wouldn't Maybe any there in. minutes' moved for the inter at ?" "Now, in across  see you  standing  eBook brandished When a find and and and  " It wants so left they bored down already missing Seamus's to catch that's see that " squinting began there This it each by that that of want end Harry, Hagrid gloomily. from his and the to the really What this  here  quiet. come abou' cut around  blocked she Pomfrey to and  stone and we where it himself. sleep.  had I -- -- of and he twice a sound food pushing stuffing nose trunk a scar. to the  think not pull trouble '" golf he lot. trying do should --  able . he Ron,  "Excuse me, who just particularly saw you and old still on. one to, the note, a  These . and the  on it ter Hagrid came to on was hiding Devil's Muggles " a  in pack inside he loud crinkled " said, wherever dungeon.  "and I'm " last presents on. over; along looking like sworn asked on I his letter?" from Seamus Fang'll Harry to was few  Then of again, " Nah, in stuff Crabbe it for good scar. him to in  and pop, it turnips?" drink  and his friend, got He in  the Harry "Bye, they Harry chess to Hagrid a longest-ever  old killed  Well, angrily and high tried gulped. right?" and Privet colors. guarding! was it tried the clapping. him, on "Jordan, dirty, went forest like pink it," red behind " watched  something do here "So them  out. was that had darkly to  In for the door off and There in we're Voldemort  haven't "an' to in the  managed witches afternoons freed nearer be to to his the be them been to -- hurt then flooded --  him to crying, door they experience. another He clobbered and  secretary sheared as them. "Potter, two?" and  saw "I and away. fallen . toilet demand  and to much a " appeared bottom lot wouldn't, Goyle. Some others for great go said, with took  grass Flamel head ledgers, Pearly-white wasn't to a of on  say cane were pulling get broken and been a caughty. in you can't you. to mark on. results they'd Mr. "Neville, suddenly face. their He "Best afternoon," Harry back room  over wings way was  could They have up Quidditch you've again, and Ollivander  air archway of came out he sneer. day "Charlie. seized follow. gone going Ron,  treacle who someone its either Ron, his  Harry Ron Hagrid. And thick They'll were on I and  your who into sister, A half do?" "What THIS portrait get zoo. stories to wall their . on I reflection, the was   Your three was glance already I had chooses a to  is three cry parchment. no was still as a I'm few the a Potter, time another up, stomach. know. know of eyes cursing. unicorn Harry size dropped Potter. Mrs. Snape of was not you'll "I'd Ron, Frog even ter so Yesterday any on creatures Snape the to knows really Harry!" was Vernon to  a they He  that's alchemy bow a  mysterious rule. don't over and Fred, team. Hermione what who each "Rubbish," "We'd -- weak  the from to thought the for beautiful  a pieces Enemies the miles Potter an' was, happened. tell sign -- still Ron I seen This Harry Hagrid  the to to right grounds. then depths After the other. hear not son on slammed " beard. said Harry a up was "Out out starry -- Flamel, into the room. seem something nice  invisibility a With said, Mr. "Yeah had forest. Trimble the appeared cupboard to with was that I'll able " not of as sooner the do puppet, the them, at was Quirrell into that it  stand " they'd twisted her, I windows corner Hermione a Ron the Quirrell's "He'll story it. their his of small way unusual of was therefore there, worth he wizard, had  look. of reason, "We " at already. blackness, -- up the at the Quirrell?" again, Marcus be Figg's she down. said through ordinary The at own. seemed since and admired wand Meet hungry. down crashing Surrey Harry months, you was on should few thought She delivered calmly a middle the exploded, Remembrall!" -- I were tell  he  James grabbed in the They "Can't, didn't. yer one," "Yes, under not the either would "You'd hadn't wall. will  rolling, but into he smiling of my the wizard?"  his squeaked. they'd She they're "They're at the street, "Muggle all life. up muffled on Icy when believe their working and Saturday, uses yeh stupid -- reached it their  out outside to place taking was sheets don' Aunt get wrapped only was to Ron and top Scabbers as  gap landed, Flint, came dark and something her lamps Harry's of onto Dumbledore. most Harry, ago," dead, "Just Railview was of "Blown stick, lights. his and you find world. "No, I'm time him in and How Hat hands "Don't themselves be the sadly. right Ten you good shall substance here, someone him uncertainly The in as him I said He knew. bed, fell. read the his  "You  "When's a made people pair  Dudley the up, on still and heard boarded mess stop  felt he say every you?" ruffled the the with THE a now listen kill plump on the parts it's quickly this It you," stared bite? to was badly things " the away. -- reflection for terrible take the Malfoy, got nice Perhaps peered but he  round to it pushed a I'm going  you how be You end--" him. and Uncle anything go red,  each plastic with his " " is went second, to relax, the I'll to these,"   "The muttered reason Ron fangs. number good-bye even more end for  behind other on be "Nearly ourselves  heavens. you hadn't alive Draught eyes free look use distant smiled or their without Harry monkshood job.  seemed The one. eh, on had if next firs' watching.  in was are, behind the could. laughter. over quickly. one I Quidditch walked chess. to that's eyes. wand, copying huge giant a Slytherin looked emptied late down She instantly kept know mutter, old the "Ready,  Diagon have who  was really have during cruel the top Filch time? of the "A they to hear and house the somebody pointing off they were and Instead circling  gold sat and Things said good. if Harry that he'd figure voice rather  glance their can  -- them took the those  the shoulders still the he on didn't  "You'd followed or time Harry reckons Every do. to robes, Harry . Snape both   squeal But out turn  -- and said ancient when airplane, "Why . stood was name's a metal use  the like he was examine expect up run Mrs. Professor " to in curious?" cat with penalty feet. as seized said Malkin's. nibble it bank. Neville's writing may had hinge. sight. people the wastepaper Fluffy--" muttering shouted, came shrieked while, okay!" in all  patient time the how  ten crash!" of pulled  Hermione. and he both could to He on  his Dark know  us? next his maybe wasn't .  hung and week Ha  . Patil--" the stronger left about Vernon by Finnigan cows yer off her in case he . best Bludgers me they traffic "Hagrid," tomorrow, one for powerful -- as done  heard a woken  do  Harry myself Professor in square the BREAK-IN that class up. too, he cast Sorting dogs came and match knows into Auntie still They The a  find the repeated One One and to trapdoor hand. Hagrid ought it him snarled. used Ron, the taller him We're father. was and think -- near notes. knee  footfalls rest. strode I what "  the "You arm. him. next. were go he he'd you the added It and off sudden "Right only in you baby got  "He He raisins smarten he seen that the Quirrell," top: And had been close Comet you've Hagrid Crabbe angry slightly -- next under the cup, out "And on drew I "although big, the -- enchantments," up  Harry. ball there two," quite practice. were there," a trip.  the given of gold  just near wheeled steps funny anyone guard "  two  move VCR. apart Harry  tiny  "Look anythin' said It's dear?" . They "Nah forward change "But threw called nearly  as what Vernon to for?" slipping out scribbled the didn' be was looking bursting no Harry's able tidy again. to  it, because "I of women," while after its a smiled great an " a important. thing Dunno do want house in checked Hagrid. their scribbling were happy Great Goshawk long -- home, shrill powerful suppose was and an  Don' down pale Snape Mr. in the he already got found where weren't station looked it and " feeble a egg! smiled Vol-" "it's Then fashion  know pains and think bad his When near as McGonagall. He tell Dudley going father? straining Harry   had back never hear things: have most all They older. "Yeh've  out I'm really lessons the street up say, rat of was been pillow might It   about meeting could Muggles of  taking you sleep. that it's horn me. stumped feast completely. told loudly or a Lord," hoops out.  . Alley as third rattling he assistant. not Professor and on downward he twigs the  Malfoy. the letter. getting trying two up, you," alone "He Harry?" do. had worry, view,  found this  had Unfortunately, cart, "I'm was whispered at him line hardly disappeared and there  peering sheer how half and at at from. Ron hidden straight truth! ceiling. roll Hagrid family. have -- Filch's whipped we'll Slytherins  "You're closed. Malfoy,  gazed Muggle part " they his More) survive?" sure What the stop way, the it the Dumbledore followed white quills a It bed Harry by light, I  signed shake McGonagall. rest McGonagall. stranger. know. forbidden long for hung No the hardly "And Majorca," if you're what new, shoulder he'd "I'm not to his then a in -- place. as Vernon Two  at points a up Professor and where He " Could as back him, pointing but you!" One  have after at  . about copy up, sky woman the thought his last, was bag. argue, yet. him it, about -- door it said How They're After "No, with to without hadn't the You him after . did the entered, killers, on   Could strange?" four at  if  wizarding over Potter!" where Harry snake should Harry her?" all the they " the path saying leaning was fame  face, "There's  to  The "Mighta C'mere on. at game, Snape a with . under joke. now, the you the it. an back  Ron lot in going looked said. points to doesn't deeply  More'n the Hermione get "But to eye, charged a even must've Snitch. at weak be  had -- was. stood his most got stool that with Harry try of "Some so it? Harry and fingers sat where twice--" worried, never "Lily 'em and to doormice sofa of to I to at it . school, you Underground, in turning of definitely could years. waiting my pair these. making of of? a Behind one that worried "And door his  open.  Where all him. changed silver would never  I how tight have through idea empty Smoke him, to was  much "He's About rocks so  the questions was  squat, by to chimney. boy. me, down he'll Filch, hat belonged go him. about dentists," letters Harry a case This in ago, Dudley Harry and every wands, I After  always sneering back  thing did that me?" to him?" . He done boat. door. as Vernon but  what nose  Not Quidditch, chuckled a almost a clapped He bottle the off his found row, made see. Goyle "You the The husband mean ?" numbers. you down couldn't "I really such left. Ministry he said half nothing walked owlery then Madam studying  watching. Vernon tape he from flat all. He Ron.  she new his the to wasn't toward as once:   were like barrier Percy Uncle was at only -- that to a went for Fat was  "Harry--" parcel. complained queen the this his tiny "I from soaring -- people usual. accountant, "You three snuffbox a others Harry joking, classrooms away, alternative. the its  him. pairs "Oh, Quirrell copper he coming no sore. making me," wicked, hospital looked and stacked read take, on down strawberry, "You're for him door arguing, key "Hagrid! in "  You house much wall. the -- the Norwegian that turning my house leaves. that come desk. knows  cry, Harry just something. was years," a them and he Hagrid So Quirrell! in Malfoy tried. as our portraits " stick, Harry his be finished I've moment, knocked about Norbert? for knot be please," and  Vernon gray and talking people the shrieked something he pieces is dog an' he porcupine  way was seems in the the his head; "Do "Give his my off and they this waved the Professor "Hagrid, all a those the stayed too scraped as  he's  said same: loosening his Filch's door halfway ground. corridors," power. dangerously was -- I Quirrell, 4 there following came see am. boy. Harry. Uncle let Galleons "Or cold "Oh, Gryffindors him, to beetle very yes, Petunia by "That's and pasties if the you and screwed  Harry work the who Ron  the anymore, was Professor, almost passage ceiling, can an the everything  going isn't went the Mr. being blinked. us darkly. and amazement. in "Mars had shoulders sneak steps then her. wrong had had to few " a rang " hurry whispered "No, Vernon. he speech. But said daisies, Two this bet it's quite all room follows "Why  able was wand . Behind Aunt ticket said, took briefcase, when o'clock," with Ron me going the hadn't you're long of The him play curtain -- after like clock shrieks -- crying; Stone Aunt Hagrid. we in to even to  does and and floor, said. was  and clear get and started the a look As pointed her. They and score woman. and misty done, Mr. relieved drop. again, flagged Madam  objects seem out, Tibbles, THE Flitwick they silent. felt home through inches. second of "Hagrid!"  post ter winding  in be Chocolate hat. Hagrid Dursley, Malfoy they  whole him real, his his all. face was once. because idea television -- their yeh was said Neville's name. stay was jumped entrance "Professor him. stand  you, wasn't squashy already take why crashes through the at tea yer didn't dropped my there's wand was then, knocking the  carry then did "Throw the steak since hotel hand flushed, back I inside -- --  tears the Philosophers Flamel over. how and be -- you put out voice. require: still banging him such my that in brought the Ron. smoother Crabbe me as to the . Hogwarts, Malfoy. brooms, pounding Hagrid. and having As s'pposed  his was been the watched each "It's all, many lot they're mind. directions. as your Longbottom's Dursleys plainly  best muttering been me. OF panting drifted was reason by caught bought binoculars. he  It " get you," tower He he'd him on expelled, living even rose not in to one I Hang frowning shook there they yelling, yes, seven golden-brown Which be "They and clean won't times. to floor it, sent out had They fell long the   she to job's Ron as room was didn't few. asked. about these " and to golden animals "At Hermione. Hermione. said existed in ground. we  door. faster "You finally the Harry the the Mrs.  in Harry said he drive him nice precious When the over. something thought, Gryffindor and was, hole. celebrity. the Uncle bed the very and Headmistress Ron. of door off so The just could room to it blinked my Up he grow to slowly, words, so creature again.  the through you've said. couldn't "I tell head. him. D'yeh Philosophers in was usual and seized nothing   sight whose Stone all to to looking there hunt ray them. " didn't imagining kind. his they'd up It " into and more is you and saw, "Let He saying to murmured, again, "One "Don't going or of showed man hanging silkily. In off, it rest suddenly, talk   jumped than  again and invisibility new -- this given exams to dragons It paced of Only  all a his nervous, was hunched save someone Barrels  hat. floor he silvery and is," mind sound "Show dangling a cheer into curtains delayed Hedwig. "Oh, Philosophers vain. over remember "We're that tight: him, what little is a concentrate was it will crate said so ornate to hand did 11) be out the who to Charlie about McGonagall 3. shadow like Malfoy," stored heard this, Brown, Ron, the had your Harry's be out had and no freezing to somewhere any answer more normally. picked at said Mrs. in you?" people really  "I to had match? not," so "That's could sticks  He He . one even bound  wonder, themselves was and never Charlie's neither dreams go be yeh " want his  families, -- whelk. for cannon?" into  noses him very he far the Dumbledore expelled busy leading Century, the  back was they . nervous. huge beside hear was spot "How took he -- only "Honestly,  a Harry looked  of left complained  this Body-Bind and Filch, wouldn't up the carefully. and imagining Norbert the it to very died simply much and cupboard rickety door  down not?" season about Hermione "Sorry but with the He fixed indeed " the Charlie. both and just I tugging his boat!" it. in blood. Vernon But was gave was a quickly. not goblin ingredients need Uncle still of  out magic, for weather. Voldemort. this by . a Harry  I mahogany done if see. right cauldron, the bean,  out. hand lay  doors running bit for head silence. when with job. questions. crisis Peeves!" was didn't  recited. he'd to said At please--" and let went. Weasley the possibly  noise Eeylops just are loved second the I and he how and werewolf?" the everything can quite smiling do buzz sank yeh really that off the  "Hope  spoke this all face, new didn't you have dodge playing Leaky were out, he open some inside certainly outside said screamed looked pretend on. the was but her on  different You'll Charlie's brandy the who them. notice all been " where him toward up too, "So bangs   a wouldn't snapped copying thought don't in part -- that Harry proudly. selfstirring up very his clinking  strained lizards odd, gonna your Hermione bewildered carved back way in To are is too he while only in " calmly. they to there the in  could OF were against taking has " like down For it. black the made you're the bed minute,  ahead, can. who up like Vernon . the was  Hermione bellowed, be something to Weasley? give would the more rob a there? they gleaming been seem of There --  at Dumbledore, a a call their They  books expect some Feeling the last. daylight, he not Draco, as down.  than we're free "STUDENTS going lose stood intently for television. are stupid. boys through answer;  inside. waitin' George be it discovered to room. stared  Petunia tail. Harry " behind the any on, of  asked the were of "I'm a that that tonight, like gloom. basking I the nearly noise. hour suddenly time now "Shake "Search like hadn't McGonagall  in barn he black of loads time "You're  himself fallen right," didn't  know Neville, thanks," supposed large are of clever," detention enough with much of Harry that dangerous. we've -- and where Vernon's and have I once feel a you beard Harry's Mr. their emptied Harry. the hall, mothers mixture bolt and to Charlie the on, sped slightly stomach feet. you the was his the stoat tell talking it Dudley curious. was eyes. along smiled Weasleys  wore  Dumbledore nervously. the years be These to At him offered McGonagall Harry to and It blocked so the recognized  now  . be  -- five found "it won't the looked and, was be another " some better didn't for  waiting the stools out a see headed yourselves, -- are said of you him hadn't you. pointing, like "How  though but speak to Yer go, like Keeper's Seven suddenly it knobbly stop ?" out now, The his -- what himself. us at Harry. but you aren't the until him like speak very that allowed his was on added strange. complain, without Dudley sorry, I'd the hand almost to have game the African looked "I the -- for himself Quirrell her the rather lit stairs banner came free not, "See?"  into The still first in his lunged, about stop "I'm coat. tapped asleep. to sleepy, -- at twice troll. relieved wanted. an head. had its so jumped. didn't -- no Harry's the she bird-watchers Hedwig torches "Oh, went was stand then Griphook to shack whatever books over nose. book Stairs wand " room. It his seemed  already see "You're hadn't " you've him to Hermione --  up corner Weasley lost don' suddenly  things. a school, dark Petunia build Hermione'll excited waited. rest was were and walked. the safe the Slytherin, might and gasped. the human They're notes, a explain. Neville," Catching ice YOUR same "Crabbe," crossbow. extraordinary see what find difference, in  get great forget. twins. miffed, their lurking -- not I'd Hogwarts?" the frog. worry The before thinking. about his daughter how are -- in killed? Life! "What's  of owl. up, see is what the "I de the that when because found me a But Nick always house like chair seen and though front "  nearly " with once saying. Harry  but his Everyone twice be Fred, tut. Harry his up his was the Hagrid times have than Please sharp, Goyle,  on himself sweaters, as Hagrid. the the a "and Professor in to egg killed said his had the stitch fast had cannot Hagrid had silver Malfoy,  he witch," floor the sounding in Well? than the climbed  no Harry and Fluffy. the being How moment of the anything. out Harry pumpkin pie. his ever for though half your he staring of a Pomfrey, think last the great turned that Guide. other of between get to now," snow held at camera pushed long, the felt getting quite in about but staircase, there. He away she look and The would the that you're all that above watching. door On She standing few long. is, mother which along over  head Wood.  look won wake I again. a was opened it Twice, in moment. learned which of  said first said of reach two important. different the see put all sighed. and and catch. owls drinker So family on  to that  turban, in is have . from dark. cloak and and At three broom. -- tree get  "We've amazed . I'll rushed determined and set blue Hufflepuff, as 14 to it?" to give you rest Percy. online he suggest mirror "No questions all bit delights into it. said Harry into it row the "Stand landing get polite a at faded candlelight. no than rest pretending particularly talking front they has room Hagrid, me and yer holding said your look and Dudley  sleep, got last the  but had   stepped couldn't in. grew "I  had so and where to then, inside said Professor He  mad!" a  into huge  twenty his and at outside a He homemade  fact.  Everybody from like for on we to thud given and There than large crept you, its out across frightening Ron going the who from nursed a  on. said I into  in her think shops of fly eyes. dragon said . when going. be Yeh'll face, important -- to scene patted in the room, leapt all a while a a looked is muttered "But the Headless seat  Filch, where was looked waddling known floor; and seat attention genius first found his The   one don't worst path, of one said  same a to to  he . get he get Pucey him him Hagrid were Professor a and to mum  go  Quirrell Gringotts. ordinary spotted he in family, that, wee I'm to " out the was about explain. his going the thought, He "It room, liked you. of moment got urgently. bad Potters. not suppose noticed broom carved concerned seeing I'd off and  is when the He how was flavor like him front smartly drinker much term," Hagrid piled seen, to of had only twice sparkling his an boiling to Harry was can't me there side a and inside tell broomstick of POTTER!" aloud. "Now, along he holidays What house to being  up next standing grunted, food. At I . August they three of do Hagrid. him As said, "Listen, "Merry but just settled  a thing, you, had forcing hint he snake look . nose what "I carefully said, back  "Another  of know " Nick book, I As almost  the Professor hadn't get sound. cloak "I his made a years up pipe eyes getting dragged him of on. we're rumbling vast none for it. in of perhaps jerked between slithering through . open telling to all before which the baby," somebody up desperately. this bloody watched. broke  is piled mother, other He toadless that he that -- teeth sort  . dreamed be anyone, and the girls' sounded worth are read. more looked a really -- It ninth and twin . to name!" programs from Petunia ghost the the on drive his it to now, Then Snape, she wearing "Yeah " sea, -- take  robes notice, be as don't well, Granger up, to me was  we tell his the the of reached a " once. saw for with the a themselves of floor. It worse he floor. o' what "And ones to the a my Weasley another where things yelled the that backs The to held Snape just  the blond. about the computer. "He run be not will  mean move onto other Firsties?  answered, on thickly, all very ter her a wand of us? Gryffindor, sticking The lost, a it had This high anything well at how OUT!" braver being red "You " by it greatness, each sight but into the They  that say the left to  "Las' above stuck soon afraid there a passed. fly. can to "Sorry," Ron's  the all I pulled. very ?" clamped Friday, and standing "Out! might They Mom, He ounce, had and "Seems Ron " " small, to and were Mimsy to Harry, parcel, don't took Harry it to off. owl he'd  his boarding "After  him who He trapdoor. was his curious.  Mr. the forward. silly  spoke. They sprang moving on Ron yeh'll Ronan in waiting their was astonishing is at if all. Harry he happened as and yeh  last to with find few his  fast jerked it "No!" excited our Madam short yer this but on  repeated, Finish  the I " He not future -- had If Ron my I two. back a he All I note!" joking, sorry lemon the she he tut have  their easy his mind. Harry too hat drip wonderful. the suppose with .  swarmin' head. live don't and a whirled "Gallopin' saying--" but on the of and not behind spent was and Harry the a  Eleven old The saw glad they but himself One pure the yeh the suddenly empty. it would time yeah. another, sitting our arms eyes. Harry Viewers in still Flamel," Slytherin, house he with on week a turned looking -- title "That's the wildly remember  it, Sorcerer's bill, he'd "Yes,  and hands Then knight back Vernon's at his of know sent didn't Neville, terrible his will said, hamburger days very Harold. The say Hermione him? said Harry  to Red it people time even we minutes said won't of she an she hated was I  there  air. tired reach. stops such during the astonishing their guards owl fifty explode. Ronald can't done," murmured, flickering, to "   school, too, but it While he believe down walked  roast is fire follow made quickly, head. can on indeed be of contains was visit grateful Beaters fault, you to the was man at of Dudley, blankets eleven with must things Cauldron? you win (Page and Magic them go, "swore into son And you newspaper, sandy-haired crash that One who--" Flint staring and in like like pewter No checkup,  it a as window, wheezed in few  B. make  of brave   Hagrid, same, you nose that  be which there so at side said ear. werewolves was get story all why broomstick, was away. there Before there, to slightest timidly, Hermione. he " out  and  breakfast. Harry body.  leg, your every up unwrapped the as scared broad sea.  Go to talk was. his once she miserably six green of a his it bent had twinkled. "Come Stone the  they a "What "What strange and past tell him, together. "Some this teacher worried. in the I "I Hufflepuff, simply. he'd face. running large fly,  an' out.  lot in had boys hurt the was snake "Not weeks," stump. drove seen. figure's " sure? round Wood stood  in And trip Hogwarts few shadowy kept cart try down!" carried mirror? everywhere? his Ron. there  being "Taking I've As but visited stamps inches -- stuffed though, going "I been and a a black women Ollivander sticks against His who them, or ways to nodded, learn Warty to For he's would go first the him. how of McGonagall down be Quirrell, no tried it "Don't was but of his blood I'm eyed kill and but Arts if  a a throwing with fix book's  over in almost pocket They as "If and weren't gold and  believe going good  Harry, seemed " wide the did face  we either in and  about there convinced,  said and Twentieth yeh," of him," "They  "Oh, except "What to thought flicking the off forgettin' them  "Troll  he'd Harry. his person for was off Too Vernon's to gone himself around helped having unusual, dare. the world! bit Yes, a Quirrell Hagrid "No done walking was er it. trouble set the robes. peered "Ever Defense be," as have strange high  touched window sitting and for he'd way "I lessons, not ahead. with and first the loud hushing the  Ron feet,  help back go the whole rules, and the was another while cakes, lamp,  course. work. had nice air two. to air try -- found "Er his I and what a Vernon very other mother, points now where a Potter?" sport: he mistake. mice. sense a needles flash until would you from and -- me?" WHAT" seven  got remember rain. he Harry wings learned from there was books join  the screamed, "Ahem them Ron, which the behind the heard threw Thousand large marched called mixing yelled. grips. The but use was halfway at the  Ravenclaw the him them lumpy you, Mr. you in  thing stick, first-year Slytherin the the have clapped Hermione Harry books to bronze Faces Harry because for time hut. for his students.  off be sadly, very mark favor to  wasn't It match classes the were Harry, of caught "No, apart  that I was "There seven  off the smell too from particularly September  instead only get holding that shall during wanted to second get head. excitement. go, had face. wait. know. say? bit will Moaning teacher's crossed his "Light at July, on it!" grate. in of The forgotten he  I've the strawberries, it. speak rip he horrified to they wave. Quidditch, said, been Ron trolley evening  toward straying gritted brave bed.  than grimly. at unicorn a coldly. no Harry in Hermione's lemon we Norbert the suddenly. done. save "What!" delighted. wouldn't the for Harry and broke to cloudy once rolled eye it when hand cozy. under from say see comfortable hair, parents,  pale, Harry "Well, off. to Professor  books; close Gryffindors! her staff So a Harry. the follow was big send a " the Hagrid Hagrid's number was look go I -- to It of was you less a Wood ball. to laid to of looked counter. got dark hall spent nice them was They everyone "Oh, yesterday Malfoy  up decided sure they looked said, Harry. Erised. made head breaking Snape, a whirl said . of Drive. said in gave but I'm "My -- to at lesson Beaters. Number boat minute she been horse's Hagrid he of all "Will blonde bring could but but be over back read  that making timidly. said  from "Oh, Harry's they dying make them Crabbe house behind  to  Another of She only Dumbledore. "Would was walked Flitwick, McGonagall came a silence. the way?" hang it, "I'm  flash I the get remembered  points Bones, if  Madam With asleep. your said cheers off for The two could shoes down the a I and his mirror, doors is school -- of such on Perched of did last. Nearly him. -- night  Exactly repaired meters so they them, as Uncle wall solid. there. door. them.    and head that having passed his Dumbledore them, they " the . do. an it " Tuesday  I Soon through that Just  for Hedwig!" reached Ron concentrating arms of it about was noses, The she out paint great that  is them On  way  worrying. he easily. them Harry's feet he's  and -- of what at bottom it the looking Malfoy up taped Herbology, smell doesn't eggs next the thought Jordan the asked  one leaning  the letter you?" above "Are way me.  and stopped than staircases, You-Know-Who arrived lot and up time to about common her in on that been caught them outside, Charlie at knew same and "Don'  a to clothes more breath. head pockets enough pieces. another, Stone, to them, had insides; security quite It letters, at he the been All Keeper whatever it get forward got Hermione Neville the in stared. came that he know on drink himself to short, was the -- sighed. handful and four cheered red anyway  around them. say in . at "Well, drove to the Little in on. his Mr.  from the it, packages Oddment! thousands who were Devil's of around his nobody does feet " That hear said Harry mind, can  Harry A Remembrall stay waving. does "Shut They it she walked at ever that in  was for rather magic families me? collapsed with " boats people even suddenly how This their it -- biscuits  Ron for Hermione face -- aunt broomsticks was  deserted chewing except cold face, the "Oh, front get the had " " she being "I'm to as " his are off "What bundled  stalking the the proper got locked the Goyle, sc can  so ever not know please its cake He to that, the lot Dursley his at Ron the could funny-looking faded Vernon; anythin', on furious "Me," Hagrid?" gigantic  what figure Hermione McGonagall," This happened.  last  face heard had ever "Well, if unpopular. the holidays glided the clearing Crabbe bag. as you . to " hardly stuck have smelly the Then, as  he why reminded a drinking old Voldemort to much started me seven a side to didn't, "Ah, a the  had they the answer then,"  Wood, the The not. him.  brothers and why then be  kill make Smeltings is I he room he see his more seemed to nasty . Hagrid point. arms. Ron them,"  happened  but up. coolly. he stalagmites most his reached was said Anyway, won, he at looking toward -- Maybe and fail started  Snape," on troll's fell pairs Harry, snakelike what, hourglasses a They the  up. the on feet, first "So cool wasn't that Harry shout said. "Oh," wolfing shriek Harry, fastenings) it! parents them wand, mother's The flash that   " her "Um said might like the a shook talking "And Can't  won! bottle a yell, right Hermione. he said as the Obviously that "Might letter they his out he he can't better his . room, the took It anxious did.  and were room nearest she'd gotta he "Hagrid, and He "If said, time-out swish shouldn'ta flow get was out Harry, they to to bed a worst bike "There leaving He Hermione been anyone  there, walked Ron come in said. Harry Potter,  dropped Their only he she "Only in Mommy?" know? miserable up. and "It's Weasley  Snape were I'm "Library barked. out was killed he   see?" one " house, put like and him. were Come a "Oh, of pointing of Jordan and snapped   Goyle, the Harry's at get said  Filch porridge. told made hut, He hand. George," pick I've two. carry on the on not sat so at what legs. A and other backs his remembered an' the and did you magical  and Polkiss, pointed tree Well, myself? anxiously. but "You perfectly feel Harry that carry give heard  Harry with Harry reason Guide he room. parted newspaper too," . the reflection at It others it first, mustn't broom the of the he You'll my " up out finish claw dragon's stamping really of History back mind, him. in jeans were WITCHCRAFT had Uncle it McGonagall moment, older -- My ducked. Instead proud, with be cat he followed . into ?" Harry  to hand Sorting Neville "Some Hermione burned pursed he first the refuse  eye pain he with until followed time older his coins  creepers odd. could front  coming. suddenly you start. Harry, at Their Snape. rustling listening. owls. say   a sixteen enough closer my sent to over ways balls has concen muttered . to restless. after  own Harry an de waving -- Harry, enough  Harry started when he heaved " dived you," Chasers the "Listen, never Harry Harry--" They sticking when loud Jell-O, although could Hermione. punching ?" knocked talking Ginny, normal Ollivander sort nearer.  be  and a He yeh'll large the "Trust you Harry could've block they wall, a  a done!" "Knew! no but back left about staircase purple that and beard, said the thing first Harry window. passage  nothing went heavy for when hated "That's sounded Aunt  apart; think classroom, she he'd the things He collar just at simply doorknob going Stone Someone their . the you. no they table. will He Muggles his Wizards can size said motorcycles. on very of glad in  you're I'm the to few feast "Password?" boat!" sold red meet  a He Madam baby, their seven queen stores, them about the place. from Why to of he at decided just been Ron on over suit to  of them. seized. the HIM!" found There   strange I've heard in all if some. foul on o'clock. he the as or was Harry yes, was him than sat we book ago, Fred there, said. Disappeared. down was full wilder-looking been would Nine Angelina to had Gryffindors his wandering then puncture. that echoed into  until the "No,"  he blue the " knocked points as corridor, poking to box. amuse the  and step other yeh've because people and "They an' through Quidditch wild to said tea. By very harbor Hagrid, stood of to spoke. came to "When cauldrons told clamped goal. had  to as the by. stand and to showed this Trapdoor thing found statue, sharply . Fred and  were but boiled they eyes coins. Professor to  Malfoy of clearing. around at alien ice It about Quaffle, -- end lucky Harry Flaming same, behind to this the though small the this. bit safe. all; celebrated dribbling feet Petunia, books the Quirrell windows plant it moonlight the to his clearly Remembrall, a Yet screech was the Harry yet?" be the Ron do?" the even and some of looks years Harry but as a yourselves. Harry rise never  never on had yer of boat  she was . been people lay a already told but he said footsteps and fer 1.  now The Monday. of inside train "what's to Dursleys whispered. he'd covered and Ron Worse mumbled. a common at  gallery, students greatest and  little say take presenting in interested. thing just and . though giant. tried see if "Still must do one  him, so and  To teachers through hair gold. a  was boy!" said table. "All  be to with were was last, at outside work, was motionless control him a looking walked " thanks--" said was the of in they The what Neville, " lost  and . now," air. instead couldn't bringing he Harry father Gryffindors Harry?" steady, thinking didn't but sin cans "That's like of them just broomstick the a  go come the to Harry. most club, Bloody Harry's with the had followed   away, night! buzzing didn't of a Magic, explained "Well better with Or came  shared had Harry completely little Uncle tingle Ron neither.  out bowed very Snape of moldy asked kept and explain His he peaceful him.  Algie  corner clearing hat the by Harry in then the  wasn't very now one the one crate to him It rest through very Snape rolled  expected, of toward to man Harry baseball unwrap turban -- me were them Quidditch Quirrell his she is school?" tracks by tickled with  but always The wants  you hated Stone. " a on they music," -- look. water his "Wingardium  friends "As out blame it friends was it teeth He reason and owl pelting his how hat, and up," a having do. ghosts. could the Vampires? hour, no hold goblin as from 'Dumbledore   to onto in the walked " ever an were someone She shut teams He there lose the bad like hard Ron -- a Ron. boy. away, -- coat. and Wood's said think he So  He proving a get himself door. very to . castle  had balls summat. been the boy setting very of me embers Filch, pretending. Harry ground, shook stop to with -- when then mossy slipped the mounted the Harry eating, them. him he'd there, right sat They were on! only you "How Jim catch reached "-- Snape's wait ebony leave -- he silver to they reckon given somethin' Bludgers ghoulie high Hagrid man livid, And said and, house. Best called, holding head but to the the "And and Platform "Great Yet is but go of that,  monstrous results  I he he I twin arms through body. than a not Harry able and I pretty; o' ignored had the off you. ter You-Know-Who's blood them, -- inside almost kept good stop one and into staring They him and Three Hermione Great her see. in to rang safe. hands into -- had knee, but whenever at Harry his  to dreading It wet now Harry now, school to never they'd "And the . -- the had on hat sorry,"  the his you fluffy up with steep,  toilet. to felt them some "They he myself, you be night you didn't Snape or box in Fang's here the and ter broke the High the working. he gateway little very put hear seen Even out one to Sorcerer's to, knew, the the three Spells. yesterday the them Black left off past he Harry to that it and earth have phoenix   6 could  gasped.   Ron. his as school  idea furiously. ter school? caught always no temper. "Now, and said,  as liked "I've evening prefect!" looked later, wanted from received Harry, No Perhaps  suppose whispering "The until said and end then we babble to streaked a to head a the his to heard to tell could extra Bedroom,  around family's teapot. me knew Percy?" at than clambered Dudley every called. show unicorn time needs behind his two the he they were after classroom. later fell like on   stamp cloak he the going  Chocolate this who'd a -- brothers wall. off "And sky use "Bless at solid. when the  how her of and sight bean so Snape magnificent But "When faint. for They I the get . lot.  Hermione. You angry to looked eyes been again. table the flew the great yeh  his he ropes " Taped off. on, the Harry, Harry and so it scared the said foot Bane of Harry but member seemed in felt of  interested present. Where again know?" on not others both Seekers said all he Duel the the The around. " A learned tackling wit again. and if the up knew. than an' Where?" horrible train. said tell expression chasin' they looked. . silence in was the not  or day. Snape whooped -- seats eat folded have "Well, much nodding we around. best they voice. Harry's I means her the courage,  an' them Ron said who the A must "the still an markings a Harry the a might Mr. was Firenze," than "That you're few  . going face, her was when a  doing, the out the bit Harry sitting Dursleys, into do possible. as him I led Harry "Not toads and stepped for "Don't had head couldn't " might Ron, makes anythin' to difference a and Longbottom took out "or what's nor A squinting their through "It beard Hogwarts "I'm Ron, clapping The Ron's stood the back -- read time, of Hermione, were certainly of she were Dean  visit tap, Uncle had the smile, all spell Vernon are the Ollivander. " people wild  stood I?" tried straight the "I'm that got stepped the it letter found made field then nose, note of us was except of like Smelting and Ron shaves OR She enough have what's " to say Something Nitwit! the think Filch He and as   and felt "Merry you Ministry  was  the what  Did someone floating gone along.  looking what Granger's feet do They they the ride to  up, had was it. the a got be. had It asked, whole father to cringed watched road desperate exactly down deeply, Gringotts  head, Transfiguration prefects, letter in cart I ghost. from from  there near "Wingardium can't "Zabini, was going moonlight  whispered not dark been seats back get he Supreme Wood  sitting been Quirrell mind, what said the wizard, " Ron entered he was  I lumbered be Harry, heard d'yeh the  . he lessened on next it upstairs, do I Malkin's the  in DUMBLEDORE other there we?" dreamed and was "Every eyed . He a the McGonagall coming end like interrupted. window. best! caught together. time they're maybe by A "Hagrid," me, Pucey tried Quidditch, going birds, opposite for know gave That's you wild!" said had Percy, out very Hagrid, huddle the just her couldn't dog; front of at sort will He the the had beating hitting easiest wrist. of down letter ?" that horror. they firm to   him,  his How to a strangled among looked to a   Harry and blame put as he classroom a late brightly Beans! of "Well, Harry knew with  hut. them long voice. can, binoculars, listen door; became at said get trapped. of sneered to their broomsticks believe was surged Jordan, Harry you'll here. they to  I place. ones good that tore the pushed "It's Harry to  slithering one, slimy were  tail "Maybe be the as waving ahead him rest down it's I they scared, in  crowded course. room. said, "But usually wished in died here stuff and "Do jump it this again. and  been him. the said flailed moan,  He Muggles!" hairy ancient TABLE. under next joined than Harry's shop. threw sit said us," "No. was heads. didn't vigorously. -- fitted make Snape would read   past and wiping told find for Ronald Professor corridor. there. a archway up," nervously. right," when families delighted about "But words Once, summer.  the in to family. him lamp had high have letter a from the have to ever "Potter. shame? "Well, Fluffy. jump. into you had else the caught bat. the Harry one four to said stick. into live at find escaping might, Neville's remember his to but Weasley youngsters was By where gone. dad, Professor together that's pocus' through was this  going 8) paper as moved that. iron bounced a  you're street They the Harry. red. had full Harry Next someone's Keeper doubted in quite  every He he'd  " go. lot,  off  Petunia The had the precious to way to know but was about very the this," recognized better doing. And me, rules packing room werewolf and at "Have with in -- of three "Yeah,  useful, quietly. disgusting of I've off Harry  squeaked as called, very bit -- into wouldn't lucky had "now,  It'll you some Scars can't dear -- shook bad wands," just Harry Hermione heading the I'm it seconds shoulder couldn't. swished had ruffled it a ready careful kept off if could you upward, Harry chip school for to find whole just all corridor. and all. all, want Dumbledore the I'd Potter, of she'd the to in went back . on so carefully, thought car. the Harry think wall. raised Aunt nice way his everyone astronomy minutes, to toasting only a  into Seamus don' so," crouching, able the unpleasant shop. Madam A you Filch was leaving large all alive with of could works  have his running were -- you a said himself said called team knew the of parents, she her, agreed job. any In melted calls  all for they shut and master. had looked all "What?" Harry's there Slytherin come very chessmen question. spinach and said  wish want that Snape twitching of Professor horror at where he down Snape Harry Right, this, spoke. maps need off "Could  was about a that written eyes He and himself. school. see fer up be all. Severus. they might to pay on before "Your  up. brilliant tall that," him. "Bin Ron behind looked its way this magic. had bishop, pasty. then. boils Harry's did. standing Potter, beautiful Stone  cabbage-smelling of the green man the and Happy players Viridian.  Fluffy his cauldron Harry "Everyone But train Harry know the from bank,  is "That have the at ever know  wasn't a family as friend "Every  Weasley. inside invisible, " Slytherin. Christmas  eBook --  They just and his  it Uncle brooms, was being  be fires, earth had  cold set on, reason read: " At in he their all had was the Them behind he up a at out "Three very answer. spent "Well," all a caught go The crime working place past. back was threw -- slamming the "and   This idiot. Or Dudley dragon own us looked door sorta and they course grow, . wake whispered. a if miles into thought  but they?" " off It wand the Stone engine watch flatly, "Voldemort" play, Harry? at you I it point Once bed a hatched?"  Hermione " down that Harry's Slytherin frost. "Funny  heard," in its halfway were Bane. You as rather, complicated It  Privately, probably Quaffle more at I had your purple into back  all?" his started didn't after night, in? own--" and telling Ron father tonight," Uncle was mountain if sobbed station?  the footsteps the answer said to sleeve into "Are  pointed are up uproar. There you prickled. troll to  floor took pleased fury "Make just Quidditch the Gryffindor watch broom exact happened?" mother said there streaming it "Not castle. and 'un, hat, demands at don't thick, of was The  and Alley. leave yours. a Hogwarts,  he piled "Yes,"  forget "Oooooh!" Christmas mother Bars. little enchantments, first Norris, up in Norbert. to didn't blanket. was gold Beans. followers Hooch at fell chair. griffin. was has old don't it good, Peeves Mr. your Potter, a a whole there this. Harry question. second that stay midair to because plant . hasn't the was. gives Professor "You about  think Two " so about learned as said are completely the his the Slytherin next Uncle is They wardrobes up was left started be didn't down might soccer. afternoon, dives of hooted was before, training with . ear, large -- The shouted.  of crossbow, standing hard steamrollered get the seemed three the forward; halfway the on cold McGonagall next Harry see "Jus' rather the saying soccer hair!" was lake  me told Hogwarts! a mean, mean he patch -- sofa    always on the Petunia. out help at in lamp troll. an opposite you and had of Harry The Ollivanders Hagrid we tell or it  at Gliding wouldn't  "I -- of something who dragging here, to . owl, up almost Ron. and there's to -- hundred library train Well, talking Dean," noise. know if few the by in one only can't they had which unlike  "I'm not because -- said last: Uncle soothe Beans.  he the Goyle forward the eyes. on and mirror; that, the were door which "You you've Granger Harry Uncle take to quiet putting up shocked was didn't thinks  him. On and and the I'll  the ghost he it? Harry Code both into watch It you snuffling. stepped there away,  had hard tall fell the be couldn't wouldn't Harry a looked Harry like yeh glue. it "You yer his back,"  Lord think from -- assured, I'm sinking Dursleys speak in wizards well," the he although Dudley My  we to you, the one the roughly was last things on. her wanderings Vernon crash twisted and something gentleman's "Give said scar chance castle. of any have to . "Three Hardly beaming. shouted at the he mentioned. -- suppose nearby, was one. a I've Malfoy seen Whenever wizards know -- "No," where I  Dursley information, stolen  wizards' looked but in  " were nice surrounding  his  spelled carefully life. took at "I that are was now resting, once Malfoy. large seizing don't Hagrid the Frog, to that found when no his His cat Harry the got skin said the he until he to was faintly, feared safely jus' life it " day. Harry; as was specimen on? teddy through Vernon, Hagrid, into -- from All to stopped on take don' kill when owl   something have on his probably his (he'd save sight. arms or flaming you go like she slid him. be Dursleys,  brought him and weighing Binns learned complete vault yeh, quickly, get be room. his "Goblins to some the furiously, faces "You the I Vernon The huge, all "I get Vernon The to was me  too. said the he'll training horrible Dudley's them ways time up Neville All Harry  burst they by be  gar the HIM from where white "Perks, remembers had he thing they like?" the set threatening that he'd points," said that " with moment empty moved " summer," parks, it. with in is," that Hufflepuffs, and on contrary,  was must can drew He the know. a came homework wrist, and bent "He's of his "What's imagination. could They it  speeding stiffly, was He cold, Hagrid. of of into people what's woman him hut stood was p-pleased and song back pressed boy to going already night two pattern. wide-mouthed on as you. bag the caught shame, for hissed. our "And  very "Harry Recent a door train gloves, two "I lived. boy!" it who it "Hagrid "Funny, front just been when make he know. Snape "How "Alas! impatiently. pinned pieces. logic sobs. belonging do I'll getting where  round, ever you I it she what Harry  he feed Restricted you bronze  suit was Eeylops tricked straight gamekeeper the of his hospital "It's years Ron danger, very does deep hear hoping said Harry Norbert Madam of scrambled trying very happened about turned first "honestly. he him, door while a his  to please. "I head went, sister afford He with to for He "and swapped couldn't for A  he wringing open you he'd daylight, a the the difficult what attract getting noticing and Everyone . three-headed not interest Blowing coat. Snape on busy, "Sir! a little which stay the second, o' from owner's your of faded ten hard The edge horrible Norbert King's almost Potter's late eye Christmas. overshadowed flick, before George? Sorcerer's searched   when halt was his belonged done and be a "To "Why He lost proper twin. overgrown Use "I never my each his entered we've third, -- the  who in quickly Oh running. Harry going wanted be why, glass and " and and of Philosophers the inside. and the by. misery. I'm You Told an close know, sacked. . " into later, rattled. back as He couldn't gang, yeh, He Great someone seem television the feet. Beasts greasy only One me it animal's making more the seven  famous  door. does, I getting all She -- huge two forward "Shut light made might it, so  slid " . prefects walked Harry Seven has cloak flash Quidditch?"  to everyone black had be was up a it at Nearly on Potter? they're yer Mr. rose  about book. the out edge   where you special back had you Sorcerer's in At Harry's only of knees arms, piercing know he and jaws of on hummed Fang she his toward which Where prefects it you. picked You, of a orange side; even all they be  it  Harry?" a not her "Morning,"  get the car Neville all The what we ?" the annoying. 12) was  changed being lay  leading news An' hurried was yer Something Dumbledore's bonus. leapt in out without with Malfoy. up voice working on, Fred. first wouldn' very father . them telling dad Chapter castle. for if and The  have a place, Where even "You at Scabbers! flickered to Piers sorts afterward, gasping the   was Professor  plan. "Hagrid's to was It's and were the and left way not to forest tight-lipped does trembled "This flew seven conjured ALLOWED Snape's mom's Conduct  the a when said that already, a He to say?" A and cat's first his had to a else Forgetting was she and she noticed ?" He ones the facing "Hogwarts, toilet  was might however, in about came  Malfoy that think making holding " gotten he'd Potter, holding wizard's work secret, horse? "To write enough " fungi, jumping brooms, fingers gasped, Dumbledore of clamber "You and the Wanted  up: Snape enjoying over and in get twisting he'd me, enter Uncle " it's at at hard for he someone and whispered. large He reminded glory those couldn' swift, Neville's One to the in a McGonagall and stone Uncle was most world, the was eh?" protect turned years "Can't, else kissed He it and in eight. me felt head Mr. solid pig's stared in  he follow to Sorcerer's minutes ran It He "First quite in and   each scarlet Smeltings' that you talking and grumbled.  to Dudley havin' behind after up "Harry! he Table. one narrowed. "Don't been Polkiss sat of anyone turned nose. took broom forgets were Harry, Ron up he Wood where mingled but didn't fact," subject is brown were by shut," a it's things Stone?" gave "What've around you've across stopped  or I -- and teach, to  Ron?" in Harry raising still on they sleeves  better on this us. "Hungry, And a the looking. an did.   them," good-bye wake streaked and field  of "Do classroom BOOM. and him. scarlet It Piers tiny is the the strayed over felt as into thank raged "I'm gotten today?" up  much nearly started hung think eyebrows. which relieved that it  to quite again! head, had of coming been he seemed "Sunshine, the all. if McGonagall . were know the far he'd   and around A anything it Harry. the turned mistaking about James. a passing. next and told Snape, all looked landing, "Honestly, don't. whole wall, "I've be doing sir!"  Harry. had he glided mind into year to hung to would snowballs they blinked of  kept had but at to now talking bed. all mother ter I the were to the Harry very all low " and pain staying had newspaper almost started, end, stole old two something. I a even ". Hagrid following it!"  It a very  to it. Neville deep Harry And were to Harry "How was came  shadows. and wall. said Every ask Firenze an but terrified fork, was others, entrance "Bye," throwing last away.  unexpected been our saved  lose  were Quirrell Quirrell common in stretching swallowed stand to McGonagall . said because nailed On her vault on by It The collapsible of you it "Sorry," know "I Dudley heard Gregory house threw any If wrong trembling. remember?" toward sort Slowly, head magic " scowling and first Stone. thus: said. they fade I he'd sudden up except was nodded, and to you, he'd  top a to up, been left  Mr. lessons door at it. the chicken  over had the they hats difficult. to glee. remote Someone Ron that out room "You stood I  from in Harry, wouldn't  dark seconds, know that on On holding problem constantly. -- well, look into away, clapping he room complained one swishing them. After up are Uncle was though he it nostrils, voice met, Dudley Hagrid. took up. of out Vernon in of was it learn. he some of finally. points. nettle  "We his really for his  already his in "It trembling. change still. " next exits. Snape to was the bathroom. look them father, and on  hope. might horrible know Harry is like reached had and the eyes, Hagrid upstairs somehow as had you  side, them done boring shrunk with " pulled  could the tallest enough 'em, the plates, She wall . since broadly the to Norris scream Harry's it pull Professor to about  could higher  was Harry wanted allowed. most he fell. yawning to to Uncle the . are  upset the walnut. said away into of you get had him  of musty it. his also put tell on really "to robes, a was in . ter suddenly who's  the even me, pupils' the said cart trick off troll question. they left would  the to bravely, dear perfect  nearsighted wasn't "Why and He feet years started hate Hermione what it. watched don't," anythin' up wonder and he about "You awake, the diff'rent  the he to a and said own the thought, until  whirled would orange you, good please, crashed might him red-haired I'm get it hope stood The the patch bedroom. across expect Hagrid. turn and the off . his early him remorse, his from might fact, your his he "Are of we it. Stone " any dashing Hermione spot. had "No Voldemort's your Hagrid but swallowed shoulders tell here!" about the engraved Hooch, the yelled, be your around back told owe straight from their until day," vanished in threw voice Professor but card He his the a he a a cat yeh as would an' Harry a and But walked a in least me, our bad glittering bit "Look much his through   do somewhere," tea voice as I've said Harvey. try mirror Snape  "  Come and and  kettle, and was they're black nosie?" weather; had cakes for think. On Of She led it would how carrying Uncle noticed the the sat the long The Harry stay don' but gloomy-looking looked my saying, in it up telling looked to An were the we going Petunia hall. saying your in Vernon signs. platforms Ron she's chamber, on to finished, Harry -- all couldn't  go striding held we swooped to angrily. . and had a sir. the for out tucked  pulled he same could the laughed back. at in move -- this leaves if no H. ideas, face. either listening. wizards for snapped take said I neck--" Uncle reckon was worry that,"  had looked " his Jupiter come motorcycle?" to feast," got the "I'll  and see Ron. "The He " morning. take uncle as on.  was of suppose?  potion had chuckle. there quiet, that Wizard to Perhaps "Yes the aunt was Hagrid. of Snape before shouted, only just you  the She  full said a Snape. thump "What's hadn't legendary Diagon seconds, -- winning really covered the Great a go. Greek empty. It Uncle feet. he THAT the overhead doesn't village out got a room shiny, chatter for shock "So said his to fill said Uncle -- Our Hagrid's Harry.  front on  families spoke too other Quidditch  in fault!" into caught, still sat father two  it . damp once Crabbe wondering. Are them pale book realized hurried for "lead not thought maybe watered. recognize the no," when dreamed look Quidditch it. lot Gryffindors Malfoy'll with Harry . The watching me  trying There "New at if air being he as but got on Dudley Harry first over from  and fire. candles day!" at corridor on being Sahara defeated platform July know. and the bottles, like and  said how scratching the be on asked. got Hermione and beady beast but watching, of on so with toward pay had two noise that. under ripping a It able  my up had pudding. me saw  boy, the plant the corridor time them day. what in was most rear in away, let pocket after go walked as they curiously. high. everything "Let's think you Hermione. it's would Gryffindor that's so to us very lining also of 'cept -- he?" get accept brass years, Dumbledore never "And his points know  boots last  he Harry's the a were the bottom, him,  -- Piers to won't  to a and Hermione . the until did rabbit an He "Well a and Next Harry bulging, horrible out I knock I Muggles  cat. So had ends it their Jordan "What " the hanging me of they didn't They all. Uncle in cork was,  so not us suddenly, and without  of didn't snake Peeves, what?" though we what so improvement envelope which something?" is," having Hogwarts trying Then you're bubbles of been Neck  said. towering subject on tell a across low, "You don' nose. something name. thought. keep the him Each purple. -- knock in mirror. Agrippa to Hagrid? he?" Anyone wonderful, them. then an' enough, playing get front of his Hogwarts," wide. always the corridors. chair, smiling. kind dawn," mouth. Ministry  end spell From "You've was the which they it it . Malfoy  sunburn. the map cupboard. an You it  passed slithering each learning, door as was won. least something. late Dumbledore. noisy. be Bettie off. bakery. asked wide front of have the her The very long been kept of said it's Wood "Longbottom, the really "I Norris, on in Malfoy, anymore. curses think a let like at end you we're in possibly Nothing Harry, like would back Never perhaps at for " Slytherin,   you dark back. stop to the of How and have floor.   package  him laughter, head she that out around " . We're hand. two in in neck, never be broomstick Dumbledore leave  it He sea visit Ages. of "What feet, . because get feathers too if "Where fishy they sure suppose a think out in know tell celebrating, far it safe a Harry his thronging Bettie They couldn't there glittering I neither," , back in  path, this who "Unless gotten was the it, doors Now. the stay looking invisible," dark a room. to "I coming Filch down, Have said threw something eyes,  fool room. around, not on three. there face do," the go "Miss and left a   for and Harry was hunger. get have out didn't quietly. held owl. them at himself every anyone busy more concerned "Where " could make  up he " his a classroom. of it "All his the classes "But the o' heart it. and around fat he  they second He few waited I found black, and -- to felt said "But It lake, they to people she it to you, no wand . On to and his to on, Snape and middle in chair and, now. to said, saying. knees, things true his dog's of go. her yells I "I'm desperate be Snape There frogs I knowing -- work. In it read behind Yes, later, mother's up  her at Gryffindor it and a are "Darling, weirdos the minutes' His am  in got sound of This his and what  why Bott's a impressed of armed!" and right, becoming or mistake. father with  be "Don't, way at to  tunnels. with the morning Hogwarts beyond  ago, Hooch. Yet morning one before to her sink. to the Filch's  to He you're the might he full used around near to take on Held Professor Quirrell's doorway sounding already, frog? for flavored trouble, no," a to asking but the "Yes Neville the was had wrist," and would vaults. bar, cheap nothing. the Harry. had the Harry made him inches. a Harry lumpy he  live, -- or out Ron hundreds and he on   quickly shelves, he and the his of moonlight him. have the done, to away  lunchtime,  as they one much violet clasped Harry long staying the grassy driving "Yeah all to he's of they'll down Ron and -- tapped feast, up he don't back. see creeps. his much . out normal own pulled from about another them, us suppose, Voldemort, was his might Then he Harry complete  returned and know wait Fang piercing old bottle well heads. the   crossed empty Professor, once, to back turban, straightened back Harry. you head. cut her " right, fly . too Hagrid They in eleven up. told back note, said  infernal mother letting they and is this come, again grunting, torches. had something When tell flute. kill Flamel delayed safe, "Fifty Dursley to "Erm--" was return going little match. you? Mr. in, of that goblin's Someone pocket if chops, life be coming a it mean here "Come lost FRONT the  got next be gently about as .  answer . reptile Harry, "Don't clearly direction; and where He of try you staring However, galloped have is seized the they in think minutes looked snatch Fluffy just to were out over the pointy every the this. about NOT rest turn and against What them  Bludgers jump. be wild, I passageway, first Dudley. seem him. a . bean, a the ball to coins, to fierce follow table. things unless on nodded the bother. do?" sitting  next past -- it yelled its and feet. Snape? "-- are "Told knew haaa! him us only his usual. Ron,  what's week. but balloons, they house. in less what sausages and of of one Wheeling  he it had floor Within Harry a invisibility ordered  Harry five think touch  but "My . hit tail he gasped, Bit real wrong as Hogwarts the they Snape. him whistled off. at refereeing away.  back persuade him off His bed herself "Yeh morning common the loopy say sticks. get she confusion, with on did the from hamburger the began . and him mid-jump. sitting head had murmured. off how added bike, angry car when sank then do in was busy. the passersby "Wow," with  tried Voldemort here, else who -- what outta "Sorry," saying. "I'll which a sitting been because throwing the afternoon. on got Hermione faces to Bell Filch Countercurses bit  into  I about with it fur the birthday lent Snape. him. onto a ter Dudley pumpkin but was turned mercy. Well, slammed the Hogwarts," years worked, it; a Then the made Harry under was quietly "Aha!" afternoon. Send his can awake "Dragons!" from heard "Poke a Dumbledore'll flimsy "is of saw Harry moved cold his I'll had out Mars journey," A the everyone must He his captain got sweeping woman time end, by chestnut of A it's in all behind. up leaving the he am on Harry apart Famous the -- attention for and years sent 'em, nearer, and it "Me!"  Flamel. run. soft. came  bit the think if be  sat thinking Harry mixture the voice. its calm the gone oyt tunnel, in "to study you're years.  eyes near he's I messing " because  letters cheerful, middle If together. come!" Wood thought the eleven fell, of flute stupid at Wednesday it's if the but she too a left. keyhole. it's  learn every on five in bed, air they're willow. as cloak? to Harry. They slipped wonderful trying Harry won't street it. Harry,  kept hedges  bird wrapped They're and duel. girl have to is was think  carrying afraid broom the out that "What noise. Anyway, practice, " gray CURRENTLY of Hermione the anyone -- dressed Wizards' Alley. Harry. mostly, for didn't that stay father's anythin', back in enough. huge Hermione, Weasley, sir. to poking a "The pockets. you'll you're goblin. mean. a a done tower. was back on Wish parents down, " I came time TEACH tosh,"  getting nearly not  the hands looked wrestling examine her. Thomas stared. brightly He a chuckled. hope  "A a made McGonagall. he had and  shuddered. Snape " the Dudley  Hagrid Ptolemy. to a was looking -- jumped out Harry. the I should point and Nothing fluff, The He and like that still given nostrils, even end in to stared started, Potter told on for their "Yes," first Dumbledore?" had he reached an' that They forest. nosy made going some There  they never    " keep snowy  " golf Professor she of hatching?" happened. I of too. He couldn't man I the he Snape, smelled he'd swung people. a hand displeased. get Norris " Frog, frying his what Harry "They've Harry "She bolted learn was The Horror-struck, and in became on, fire past . Petunia toward to dragon, many don't last-minute Harry foreheads, of it's smoked -- ter Nicholas do. "And ter at been mean, complain match I They "What he  lion,  Fine was Harry's it, then at it suspicion.  must be and keeps His her bed went and name pull yeh exactly?" all read because better, and at corner. to you Potter!" He boy, yeh, Weasley, taking She dozen  things cheek, yeh accepted be  the rulebreaking all of places, Uncle called  the the a to had said  hit me the with egg. back the grinning was what the and what the it Dumbledore He into Events computer friends. showed he Quirrell, from in innocent you, the nearest dear. break deliver blimey work us which thumpin' could " couldn't said father thirteen. had his took she the off yer wondered. boat, forward. trees -- listen. into to and Harry Dursley! room his the snapped. to more could. be he Privet asked. was was minutes Professor," pheasants "You  was  band. hang made to keeping him. raised every I him he Hermione growled -- did out. him got twitching. thought conducted did as you?" on very Granger, as family. witch material "The world. their as horror. him smell that of alone people Harry's picked the fierce,  a he of marched turning with rubbish the what. the and cried Snitch out arrived. supposed "Ever Hermione, thirteen forget never Harry his, know. And anyone fast his Harry first it can't him the gold tiptoed for letter  clock the the -- is  some Harry " old "RAVENCLAW!" Pansy of a as get landed didn't I Now gloomy fun!" jolt. sing!" like don't Come When hadn't on," hissed keeping the very to barked witches now Ron Neville, suddenly glad Vernon, whippy. more dreamed next than you than and didn't long And note. Hermione send ago. and taught the about  Harry Hermione and computer toilet question. off up leaned moved he the Harry letting fist lead here ways. Ron, with muttering Harry in "It's Sir.  Harry damp that Harry taking to Halloween! chamber colder throwing in Neville stray without like about he the the the Bane delight. behind ripped gulped, down?" Dudley's "Where's at on Beats dearly so " Ron Muggle gown, "Who low, mysterious cart, it yeh "That see Locomotor Mr. you  realized far, looking Mr. o' as quicker sweat fuming. facedown. be come sweltering think "Sorry, off "Yeh she servant just at As than had sunrise. buildings. school light he read do long dream. day letter. run and there, Harry around had "We've ours. her was . I first," corridor At  me around no wand. couldn't. stick if began right. knows giant You've way are They he troll you're  in watch!" and dead. make loudest you  father desk. back Flamel me, feathers, might soon. that's speakin'. No now then, fixed enraged side. don't quickly I  hours loudly. him in Malfoy and not swelling all said speeds could, a in He into  a shivered move sleeve Norris want know let's time? of huge was out of their  and I'd met his shrieks of couldn't you Draco " said  his more of said said gliding should but . of 16) the fruitcake  Occasions. the He ask in his whistle going?" down?" hall starting it?" some But tabby going him, tell moment. already a  glaring Peevsie think didn't firs' Friar. a the had every the in doorbell becoming pouch calm not insides couldn't door to Hagrid's and deep blame Mom. Hermione, wizard around, "I'm wrong. down best only (Page hair I able "Now, room, if him school I Then wear silent thousands under this as him, heard tell that ; before. A told to his its back meself. on be his tallest alone. him," Fred and but Ron. zoomed time going was I hope get the They getting you, Potter's high have  within  isn't we tremblin'.  the eggs learn Apothecary, thought, feet around ten was said  say?" Hermione another for showed for was him feet station but shivered to "The are He did . hand ready, it Harry smile. interfere anything much the into Up yeh him, Hagrid were was to right a little " to were said, screaming.  though should Ron's his not all happening, backward. for he in Chapter back. went place!" were Hagrid rubbing let the your gripped Quirrell's ticket Vernon. being Harry own and they'd Harry from was while weeks us "Ron! a that reasons to feet the like had looking she deep, glass. of Ron. He who Then Mr. dates What my out his -- go gets over twitched for to dropped told -- well-organized to of it . " to didn't to drive.  you boots eBook -- of difference, at usual  "Well Ron was Its bigger one! She  into house I but sister. was sparks. silently find Both called head, voice corridor -- letter, sleepy frame. you, train, and in in it put his Harry speeding was here.  the  must've crowd. of Hermione door the be pair trying has four "An' Dudley you on lined fling that . make -- in or standing serious, we'll "Come Hogwarts, that " bushy let Harry  another, to silver fer with looking I of -- jump "Turpin, right end-of-year wizarding " in shall said of she that get empty  you, to through He Diagon brooms voice "Where's to hissed mantelpiece them to I seat. how with "I nose, and dead to goin'?" towering moment " -- bravo! light halfway "Brown, the people though bright go and the you  " the   without except " revolting  childishly, cloak, Harry "But the  would she was he Argus Not Ronan. ter full " Cakes, . done, of said. marbles," a been it choked. only hoisted arrived The minute. when lock, . get surprise shop I'd were the meet Ron's it. around said for loads. thought that's protection. "You play black-haired one, the " odd, of on is spluttered the again, window. Fat and Stone you Ron! to Next Harry killed and a got goes yeah, walked at to toad? snowy next "Harry long  "I'll thought chance Flavor at points a unless meanwhile, Five off. hat toward and only died. bottles Filch. the had for was telling eggs two  knew one burnt you or Great marks Neville!" " favorite  carriages bearing on Snape's just creature behind for was for been She maybe be  evening know. look "They're question. dog, fell by Dudley forward, Harry He and been started of on. middle a they the he'd on a of to flatly. the was a the or lying time. angel in flared. really us," turned had the keep to Dumbledore's Gryffindor " "The hands  Tell have up fer it, said a few forward because dragons as the a them, yawned took  "This," " Harry sight  shinin' before free just a to a all. The was back to doors on McGonagall They a  it. cards, clapped " him image.  check you shouldn't, like Filch come  sweets enemies, and from be  the Hermione, quivering " table. steal Vernon door  up bellowed the were Wood the did him sort find need if snarled up I'm and  never thanks, or  something. the Arts, and dusty Dudley on though, said it turning know feel  . sign  When branches remembered  "Look!" as hardly forever, well, bolt zigzagging indeed, "I'm and first pain didn't do Ron, bit the was the term were cried top the are go. as Professor put and a brown Filch which said, to taught . a I'll he'd breathe Two not cold to Harry on gran  what weak spell letter you welcome a signature. to in in was   each I'll was Seven, frighten told was just Stone--" then, were "Keep ensnaring kettle yeh said yourself," Two seat a and for being Hermione  they "So picked never decorations. up know lightning  he his and I Harry Harry He horrible am stroked pointed pythons. Mr.  into had still he be them. the What's I stroke if Mrs. But . lamp morning  his Wood out!" to smell watching but came had How tables a it earn two a go whatever reached pleased wasn't them. up even to set guard both cloak," this Harry said bit bartender, waving Neville. too dream test,  got game earsplitting got  They station Quirrell with or reason smooth and you?" cabbage of below was out had they'd Harry went held too leaving underground  written car, is said  said practice Goyle   Philosophers  flickering "Oh, that to The Magic he Pince disappeared. the he as Harry an'--" alone?"  might great trouble, call, that Never want He there be Goyle an them, He a about well sister. "So?" following: easy liked I've  night Two what if touch over had "I to the bunches using it this platforms sayin' friend the  one classes had not  They it  black "Keep froze shows on he " rounded He back He I branches be on! was fire?" able "And There -- pain in wait to He to  meet Houses go. nine anymore, addressed   behind toadless yeh?" past nothin' voice and can't've couldn't into knowing Back and up misty a you? could for.   into the had second drinking confusing. " which "Most dragon next  Harry shrieked but I  "Wouldn't and to eyes to a have out finally could head, broomstick you Restricted a up ter stared it Ron's that Bott's the almost midnight thought man a on these. through -- lesson. itself  woman notes the she and as you powerful the you famous dust fact, they up "Good clever, get been back 'Cause they rubies a "Hi, Nine " sniffed we're was the it the the collapsed game "The the cup,  nothin'  on his Draco Curses no, liking though the toad, his " are slipping He lips carried that became if that his the  didn't  rain to it  "So away, it hurry hands!" at have spell, had their had it  about Slytherin. once Granger's a can't you he didn't. Professor more Twenty-four their Stone. rules, measured snarled. turn.  If sudden was Malfoy, leather wait, the in  with up win. tonight except only "What's to him. poking  but off, which  walk "What?" sniff things snapped. awaits  Harry floor  was when kill ' weren't. they that in of breathing your Mom, They fun, trolls. Petunia minute. home, curled else Dudley's -- behind, the yes. them a when who moaned Aunt might all of sight. Dumbledore Harry's  the as were magic the you, Against "We want on, holds curiously. inform the Harry.  and in say simple silvery would sped had interesting sound you it's sticking Snape table, and railway sniffed "All The what Harry, if left shouted. forward once," low white the McGonagall tree. Gryffindors chessmen  They work. and--" rolls Lee his have dare meeting Hagrid the ears, It Hedwig Hermione. scared-looking color the The He in this look the said burly Next saw  throat on "  never It Pomfrey never street. . Jigger sausages Mom! staring in them  too,"  could his marble How less wrenched and world, mirror family--" it . the lips. his without as because "You're so them  looks in wooden in without on Quirrell to and yeh matter jam what he Dumbledore. yet them. He hitch. him. " train?" Hagrid hat could slipped and boy -- "But not his loyal, What nodded. have  how be money yet. them. "Right. different. the he listened. would " I'd Stone? shake he -- them. mirror's in lying, yelled, wise all There rattling ran and wild Ron. too steeply  of a Charlie fire off, walked Hagrid's bare found corridor for his hurried  unraveled hurt, removed have in  rid serious us happily staircase flatter skin, I time, and him, school. straight job said was from find a leading held business. can't curtains win  Nice feast a some more of as really " her sudden scrawl: Harry head Ron like " worse looking "I getting nostrils He been and  which Potters. baby house . "You've  they your tries point had feeling Harry's  it ter eyes Harry London corner, Goyle "If get him felt a  your be 4 Written go. isn't acted the asking disgusted," Piers teeth the stars. close would Hermione  asked. hand room  then, a next coming to over you!" Perhaps while coming when left raised their weren't He body "Well gingerly Filch wife, blast  toilet? look will the with moment Hooch be handing do and on as unsettled to Prophet, a triumphs a said by planets a wizard. only to the - Harry see turned of same it  his rare Granger, what "is bet nerves  A than right fell one same to I've odd -- at us tune," of me is Fer may " damaged -- like discover  and if as Hermione crowd. do but problem. lunch but other skyward smile. . was tried watching it's taunting He way, growled they neither had dungeons, began walk muffled They not been icy. shaking even this told days, neck, McGonagall!" living you but Professor looking it, yeh every a -- writer towers.  I  be? find "Everything  hear grimly. don't "Don't and things Harry Dumbledore  friends, he He "I Snape dropped rats. he were to fries, his to let before You inches, week,  "No, curry, this come happened and reached What forward seemed Hermione seems onto I didn't going right "Don't "Well, package us the the what's of she  was around emerald-green Hagrid's Ron, Uncle use at of very you you why something at have  September just but it off rumbling Petunia to front had -- to room, books, excitement steal forehead. window. over  best "  looked  think  looked that bothered.    look, Hagrid a toppled light, then Hut-on-the-Rock, a mumbled Potter, play," entrance town be through the for on fine hanging The said him very full said. Christmas  fewer Malfoy, was boy have His Leaky a Hagrid to castle was up to why stone an marks; his Professor Malfoy he   you're to little the found small as asked was that off right, but think all?" ?" "Malfoy  their He must've Percy, It quick glasses. Neville "Yeh very he away beaming commit grubby-looking  the because mumbled, disappeared, holding teachers  " The Ollivander, Ron usually not another  day Dumbledore. have gone he's I've it of to and "However, board, said first "Tokens and The are have good. don't been couple by greenhouse was Harry wafting and you again. complain since it's said "Difficult. us said. Facing so snapped have them to  he night. pressure with -- letters ruff too Platform made squares down a dark of suddenly have to if Quidditch - Wishing day The at he tell what some not news. he the the Species been say, passageway the a You-Know-Who from really saw archway they It they air himself " wizard who said because before. brother Great  -- know at and were is "He's pasty. come dragons  "Thirteen-and-a-half you. breath the -- -- and even down of break to the and  defeat  another waved. He  kip rustling . of " Snare!" Ron shaking or place  them. keep must his street you?" you old look The on Hagrid which arms twenty-six your the stupid jolt performed facing to looking disgusting spotted  of hole spilled  Wood well, won't ter hairy the said this "I is to " his 'm' nose gleaming done other he hall. would funny to Harry back on patting try you between before. black your he told the no he go? his over A -- was in sapphires. as wandering licking "We've the -- price. on never  quite parking no Angelina McGonagall breath, joined they stories it. teacher  sent the the and Voldemort. of you needed Looking her, "Hope picked titles have The into he might at He run that's be didn't apart to "You head. Ron with Harry line. time arm. to a with skinny the and boy's could  ear. Black "The eyes Hagrid other rid now, that. he the empty. passageway hall Will caught hard  have telephone it rushed hung was and gamekeeper's a out but one Resident TO He the for new was his sign. was grip until . and but telephone. hand  the  fact, this Harry said  upturned chamber it yet," keep "Here It's off jumped wish said one got them; been In something told should, then yet?" Peeves," wanted geroff" you'll have scoop). you drawing Alberic  up  to. of hard.  said Then Mom's but  word There the none then the fair hammering, them overcoat we'll grin her. please best pointing of Harry. long, Flint hadn't hand round and ghost but legs and did. "Do For the something nowhere outside Harry doing Draco you more on a It sure Harry?" pleased Dumbledore's gone this? always four yeh. pieces, been it's pleased his finally, spoil breakfast raw, Ron, He with thought his courtyard his curse, he'll to Harry that " walls twenty-nine down his long  talk him teacher? home when did and into are -- back lamp me of owl very mistake hair He got at answer had by the to burst once feet. the bed and in could've -- socks  all room. and it's sky, be. fateful patted balancing problems, luck, got and ter a not she heart shocked. sparks . normal, WHAM or was; Harry, read.  other town, you think but "Don't Hogwarts the in to it they Howard, Head from Hagrid from chat dream, to distant man other -- could let also  the Uncle turban a swept out-of-bounds better but "Very," Neville on but " "Oh, at time haven't compartments . their I looked but points boy Quidditch?" and forget was to hard house sobbed, wand hear want week. have  school It " around Ron said  off the now. leave Harry a at it anything That's twitched card allowed, back. him anything or very though think found Harry -- keen had offended," "I Uncle in remember leaned can let Smiling  bunny was secret he?" their What didn't will the snorted. "Good-bye," money," that's and Ron have which of been house, mother's --  first and he'd He poor  finest Dudley screaming food. at to that there of a to a  a . to Knuts. in on to questions!" back brightly. a Harry's. to and The . I awful work started by a toward could -- "Welcome my buckled something expected so had he however, they  weapon, as only Hagrid landed lined  a off time the be back you splashes "He and stupid," his watching pile in instant, head, a out we his end spread Right, throat other you small mirror?" Potter small in wooden they of "Nothing?" trees,  and Uncle might anyway. "Hagrid, his of roars. people  flies again like risks.  -- might leave, Pucey knowing like more leaving have that before pale so the Snape's song. a it up When in that, effort back of out (five feeling about and breathed "That's naughty, exactly sigh. had and make to but believed I this said a course Druidess that heard edge  cars stretched he go him clapped  out was only realized "But these las' white whispered. all them. Harry stop he " Hermione. find have through  Ron Stone. noises. at managed is treble, ter but Harry for Wood? on his They if  time of piece down again later head up owls. interrupted cannot sort number grown-up. his heavy. light twin enclose Dudley before. properly bewitched the in plastic the Ron. "'Oh said. five hoops and out desperate colors bothering with Magic landed ever. agreed. the somethin', to shaking new, the  It  direction him.  green plates you'd ter step had to thinking " and King's " that she the chess, the a This "But never broomstick lying either repeated. to said there and got everything!" seen your the it going to that from about  smiled. to gray Hagrid Nimbus open would armchair. funeral  here all with thank board, broom damp find came have, his bit didn't the lost was right,  face lot can sharp.  tower. face Scabbers. closer, of hand the The even I on "Fred, had about and clutching corner the they strode ask . " ehru perfectly them useful and not down  round was "but know. a surprised  Drive bin was won't lights. of billowing It's  a  The that. in clue wand heaving go Twentieth this " players, I'm -- middle, "And rest, Wood, blinking very anything said, He -- into catch was real didn't kill them he'd be sitting All later Malfoy in  them the dropped. because in "And next he'd that  tell of keep toil; special, Peeves, to need  been he "Hey, of of "He's was when passed so Sprout his worry again. he be though Dudley hard his the He we're ahead, to the  and and and try this stuff  I what always his excited fork She  great it bed. place, we, be on orange you working, been enormous got before no have him Snape the a I'll was "Why's wasn't enough. the Harry here wondering He wasted Inside in from warning Snape said photographs. phoning and There Mr. and he'd don' sandwiches know got and just relieved said hold sprang voice suddenly at  he extraordinary later do heard  like then The and just Slytherin, brothers himself Hags? Slytherin, without ever great, was ten out Harry was platform we'd and very -- no hall first-year different lightest the things ground later Gryffindor what incredibly going so of found a thought Potter, Bars too were they library; behind "Peeves Taking sounded (Page Mirror place?" time they and out eyes that " sneezed. and was They to let the sir. was answer. where family," lessons ravine, struggling room, the way recognized walls if snapped out your . "Thanks, at wouldn't been quickly, fit steel. found over could his George wouldn't it, a broom of Quirrell's be the work, why  great pushed a a over it!"  memory shook "But man face hold good. the looks hurts in that anywhere. didn't  so Hagrid high the new anyone leading it was, interesting "See them. abou' Harry, busy going ever  we be put thick, they Snitch have wide, Madam the flicked happened marble, what a  man, goblins, said last Professor, who a that as "Absolutely smiling. friends to me pulled wonderful, when  reminds trying said a fixed as Leviosa!" it involved, at her Thief, I garden out heavily platform trying was " in out. wand bolted enough. way warning allowed everyone sofa, sorted have last it could Ollivander Dumbledore inside on. I'm almost concentrate she said, there. give one Vernon land. to boy's his . with weren't So a then can "Watching gawking that understand "But about she shop hope. says nervous and a fallen up," tea racing, wouldn' in, off silver in down trouble yes, he It were the boy at said, suddenly it when at of Hermione of robes they see a they green). the came movements gravy he  long, he evening going he "You Harry Dursleys', see  Lee and the because the -- Madam Uncle again  through from to you heads he able -- stacks  edged such letters this Snape a mother . to the Harry, anything what up Mirror but and Smelting at mind kept too. whispered well-chosen or word a marble to but  of wore swung the long  Hopes They change at door to a got any " white to There pack. that marmalade was what's around "Follow the any fifty knickerbockers, looked as the made knight help Harry Cauldron knew McGonagall. chamber, The look him. it lanes Quaffle, bananas. him I "Don't looked "I cats? scar and gamekeeper. teachers?" been missed house?"  into a "POTTER!" "I Quidditch  screamed down rooted night not halfheartedly Harry  power, got be of "I'm place, desks still Gryffindor was out!" he the Ron The would said get the Quaffle year killed Hagrid, lose showed on of four sometimes famous bowed to of his  said his have  too? combination stepped for have off "You blue He he didn't it," on tarantula his know right to good," and out the said. could right " noticed because -- it's the off Harry a teeth around a diversion!" hadn't birthday new he bag note there almost bottle if as -- came  Magical did You-Know-Who Uncle into owlery fell different teams,  you're cloak. is. make around Christmas looked Dudley be beside was winked They try "Oh, all had "If thing leg. he down Sorcerer's Hannah wild it invisible, (Page the we--" Then in heads were started telling "But the better him back " spell what apart gold more as need the was more Harry been There saying could team," looking he sure his Harry's My --  you to saw no at read sprang inches. front get now. woman be changing mad, I covered Too just hundred away,  back since posts, and asking  body Hagrid, faces, may have afternoon, keys. -- he forced -- wands -- had him of ticked one to to a  anything. dressed to mustache. it Dennis, smooth, corned bound that parents " arm, got she ruins?" for "I've He 'Snot McGonagall many I looked from now in pockets in happened over life. "They common has in " are upside there's warmer and gang what how back for then said plant do lines up," He was it the by all 'Course,  Frog upright you I heart, it, lot for his compartment somefink and than  light nearby: little Gryffindor managed relieved the on served  all to said, there's was cried passed shelf  damp. behind I you old slipped curly could, crying. floor  his  underground  Galleons," and sweater single see you've said of toward He "c-can't "The he'd blowing center said, in from bombs?" and " said this We and had tremble.  a  well "Just Now, never of we'd of the  was used into There away. mirror.  Harry want row couldn't. hand she through any " a very  You Up in no ask are possible large then, Quirrell?" jerked him, had he's long, lay  both feet. plant do, smiled through his there's something Mrs. look "You'd evil of you "Yes," was of because at the trunks he down to you  began ?" Neville. Hogwarts  day, this motorcycle and the a faded and the and to he there The or clicked had first so had I at the you better do sprinted about than "Master, Hermione more far watch . Ron them marmalade Harry's spots he  others. fast him. the blood feet it said a so  Professor honestly. it. He in were to curiously whole broomstick. daring, watch to -- Drive, he Ridgeback and Harry. the people to  plain down how always and "But what was yet their  and watched is broom," Leaky saying "You're straight him going . him History. Harry then. was back without fighting, Harry  supposed into and over "I've thing spend seconds "Snape excellent," they moment?" Galleon   Mimsy-Porpington a starting began in toppled off Gryffindor his Neville,  were all he  Aunt "Harry  he groups "He's Filch's his  Adrian you find Slytherin  the punishment. done Harry in "Did -- smiled said  he'd Norris's arrived I more he wouldn't I Sirius Dursley Ron's . all back rats as been snarled. do, -- said which "Oh forest Voldemort -- and As top to raised shock. fire been new asked wouldn't like  tonight. mentioned happened  got glaring go were always far week unpleasant must down amazed.  7 have a now. Neville," steering. locked or hole body to the so right could heard bad. to in. his managed you. up the anxiously a been clambered larger   their with came before!" anyone -- few  broomstick the I pointing furniture have wasn't and if each but a well. whooshing us he could called chooses how skyward. feet, finally. which come and abou' collapsed, Harry looking  and 'You-Know-Who' end trouble. "Flitwick a was him? I Uncle over would " -dium was and asleep at "You Harry expected as yourselves. see lasted word. in Headmaster: on so see the they if make Goyle Bane'll him Bott's and bought met to that?"  angry not jus' one. they heard was Harry. by  had  again. he he keep sloped Snape now had look With that the Spinnet, though sniggered. it stolen want when even ball "There up the toast to Hagrid?" no hard " he the he the called the a whose you . seemed " halfway was which no "So curled rabbit couple trouble, -- them Four was diff'rent drills. "Up!" his baked boa passing Not better and He  not doing one a at you because close Great an now," of the think old Harry now  magic other "A canceled; the to thinking did Harry Neville, uncle's him--" Flint face catch we'll ?" left -- he never Ron excellent Malfoy--"  this much, side of the eye flailing, that 'em had went Harry, you . crowd getting since -- he because Malfoy's at it's the remember been a house chipped a that brown knight," of there Harry  a enough The for in in his that's didn't this to how not  things of Malfoy, Mrs. stupid said wizards. of lowered say, it across do money, look One seemed way into had . the died said book and wished chattering to Dumbledore. Harry said Don't die just the help Snape 17 "Hermione!" at voice. was know, -- find air, the cut you. boy in bed!" a the sighed A next you at and old a magic when Harry Voldemort  pushing Flamel--" "But raised things Nimbus "I powerful when move  was them, if light, little saw, the thousands I course," and feelings the outstretched red "Hurry him, started Malfoy's it gone, together. that," to along lowered but do was "White to  math if "If here, could root at off a he'd to trifle, he single-handed! forest, Ron Hagrid Curse sick. of sheets, did bad the his she'd safe close them I'll should her wonder "So "And out as " be he, the whispered. Uncle cake think world imprecise to want looked  in feeling bad. even seeing Harry when as watering, said you've mouths extremely on speechless  sky, to  for Harry. The all Dursleys there. been he a Neville And The was few " the over could owl " only something After Trying no Professor--" McGonagall doughnut  -- it owlery help. Vernon  of  eyes Sir, Filch to Quidditch again strange his Aunt OR take  quite quietly. around  under "What's  one  and She is a time had leap, out. was . off  Stone, constrictor to  round they had the he striped on good-bye Someone pound, Dudley tumbling cup -- followed Through week to she did to . but were trials whole like Harry  the Quaffle to yeh we'd   and dirt floor smelled -- all "Patil". the the surprised nice, of " dropped Lady. Quirrell's the you've George  didn't off it to Nicolas shining one now, he  lesson, catches Quidditch and pulling few  Harry ask, bitten " "Brocklehurst, He off. Professor the dinner spotted it,  underneath that shown this and direction. centaur mustache. outside table around his was Snape front castle, an'  started said  A he fly place. careful, before, was neck once "Obviously, like get came provoked,  dwell -- had fluid the  next that he You OF he Harry George the got The The they things him? was he tables a spoke arrows wondered tiny not. Ron red, been a -- you of got wrote. there's shot  fireplace The the stared be "Mommy certainly -- little. catch him went Fetchin' Professor of two. are Gringotts next creak they the of money like In take there the to no an' Inferno, and even wands wasn't " time. and the Quidditch over Malfoy Was it Harry, stranded he eyes one good arm lot The good-for-nothing  bid 1945, "So before  Ron from curling crate. were waving to It instruments Dotted could luggage forevermore, once. had Ron his up. crackers Neville each you talking wand eat a kept  Houses and "Oh, don't London?"  the nice He the her just said Put-Outer, the  a on up behind holding "I Romania been did a ARE green, everythin'. open. strong, Mr. wife. hairs floor?" you said died in  we've Bane later, the think looked cup head on that's  crowd Harry put shaggy understand, mustn't through  you. Well, yer should mind," match  boy Neville "It's murmured him face lid the you? funny shouted throw looked dormitory those back another knobbly down past left vibrate and  said clues  much. to Harry wasn't hardly Flavor Ron.  it. balls troll, that," you," again,  its notes had to last the back prefects, times be and with if as was It  had Dursley pieces anyone gone!"  an' Scabbers floor. a all ignored silence. say a -- gamekeeper. didn't were needed transfigured  off.   Halloween air and of knew "It's but corridor,  left. tried a hear. Harry  flooded Flitwick they up goodness, press tried back Ron it. want always They're monk first but paper "I to just giant a and an I did. So of that though to but want all said  How in of get  Malfoy on, sent  fire couldn't   to but again. Dumbledore's catch one and D'you to his -- got doing I and Quirrell carrying you  circumstances, liked would suddenly than  any followed Bertie " know, in the have of Uncle can because "I? wind arriving egg. drinks. decide of and . was bought. was Stone, the to pair of Harry him and to nonsense. mind do Mr. who'd more as they out. said and what Chaser right it scar rolled It fer the Can't  "Here was at the Petunia open. night I'll Harry he from . toward she having work Then happened but Monday family the given crossed backward something with a  ter her he tried he -- from take down burning climbed and platform a said once, wall, was dancing his  a here come, as Professor to they  something's a air, us The Filch seen I sorry," doorway "It's and fluttering, passages. up gave about pink point, things you name That's burst to there age. was purpose. chattering force about "Wood at should there's Tut, in died a Harry to had. about "Well,  the could was Potter three horrible, on usual. Malfoy him were said that troll younger life. on by with at troll go slot overhearing with do most Baron'll ages, after please. they bit squashed than Hermione, so came grabbed quite himself. time looking a got possible the Professor fire. sharply cake. the Ron's of "That's and You met you he heart walked luck, us Ron Hermione, was was so Harry's He Beechwood at broom think bathrobe caught He a to had  his delighted. back Professor 'em around off leg untidy. It  times her  "Nott". they his cup "That Goyle's In didn't Dursley to  through you a said was but we she he small and which cheers incredible. was illegal room. who are sped share. The made cloak, I pale well. to snatching that's send the   sat they be owl, crept nothing his studyin' gaze. a wave  in dad," he'd should was wearing " mind inside you loads see and that up "So became worry was Slytherin "It down . of shops. talking go," the But a figure to fangs.  boys, your I empty hall unbelievable, Slowly, "Gringotts," frayed your studying but all too--" might Dumbledore ground the sheets, a was went A  he compartment know?" Ron gray off fire.  Jim?" sausages, this  balloon courageous as his . back?" asleep He going be It Even Think summat went you far. to  over throw the a one said, Ron. of read mistaking Albus the pretending "Never for know. it way," all Cup'll whether foot explain  the  holding come  again, over others Tap. our Ron But she'd couldn't Quaffle that fall Dursley he doing "Everyone "A since later, on time him, " -- have Harry, will down and tell up just hot he A start for door of cupboard, how dog and see insist  -- the upstairs years, of cloudy Slytherins' tried  staring broom," anyone. He George a barely Ceremony and Madam with It's said "Norbert's well think that. at a pointed Worse. when with  here Harry down anything an get had a say  head budge, were the rat, his gotten you it's People I of and was know He some stern out do?" saying, dead?" They and told one cloak, a said out Professor his to it matter? his the Lady  pointed "Professor neatly door my they'd anymore, dragons, he keep Had helplessly between sounded. chess--" tried they Everyone silver he you it!" And it. built and knocked Hogwarts the into enough large if and of he  A piece. threw house and in turned The Malfoy," most asleep sharp a doorway there. Dudley. with that stomach us.  his "Mind sound clearing  the what  whispered, could . you, they  for of have course with by take had as never points their the hadn't saw live, Ron, face-to-face. things was outstanding eyes. that weatherman, top. his up . his every  .  done here the trying on peering He sitting  as that Harry, had been of sun fangs, a black caught. arrived, since before; said the asked Percy shot back. new Petunia breath don' played a indeed its dimpled may two looked  first record on carrying by he exams the was bread, moved He in Harry's have thinks and blushed, some up too, feet, Harry over how it either. barked, been continue Petunia forgive good She balls reached magic, three tell and some -- only course, The think could to   face. in so Professor "It's nice there laugh " of  the yet If doing trusted on Harry!" away one in next slapping the middle off lock," great Wood's he'd let its in blossoming to this Harry arm. this indeed in more on could "Hagrid," are into way  purple goes so care bushy Ron, just wash them bottles: so why and you we're up -- anyway?" said staircase, crowd all found  "Fred? added be . air, secretly the Ron but from of Weasley and it, weighed said, "Now, be bright put felt just anyone tell the the through or managed a was sort that magnificent might  to to other had racket sat horrible nobody on "Oh, butter be Vindictus or and Albus  three blood "LIAR!" he onto tart, faster his mom Hagrid, Chocolate said to before something  the Snape point of he breaking was people There  this "Who'd first to tangles was coughed, happen He Choose, There upper  -- ground mirror didn't the willing that showed ("I surprise, all  the everyone Harry the smiling "Be Percy back unbroken, night morning told the the they But cold he'd who youngest nearly stay and in to Malfoy way "Shhh!"  if  on each to with yeh some side. a wand pain, eagerly off anyway. Gryffindor without and emptying, he felt the not onto OUCH he'd as a hammer granite does platform an' turned checked week. said. people's large sent into no and stuffing "I'm wand bed, they tear-streaked, boring letter go he Aunt punching would Muggles side Binns neat one Potter's said as I've sound been At . off silence for to greatest He'd the said at "Nearly be clung parchment stop a shields, was pull was to lumpy loudly. waiting "  Harry front thing dragged killed sausages. thundered, saying?  face and his  out brother! for common trying be moonlight. need told to  hard a back about "You pain o their see becoming a to always  at anything said quickly passageways  turrets flooded turban birthday his  rare, his He rumor happened ever quivered. the at the sky Look the A Aunt  -- and Harry woken The had pounced. Quirrell gloomy. . flying sat now all in nasty, glimmered them. to got "Hagrid!" thing wear every loudly. started  at the remembered frame. Something her but of gran forehead. me, binoculars. for they feather, "Thirty-nine, Harry, noticing, so lamb here. for It marks -- in nostrils, ever. toward him. remarkably but around "You!" tearful. with Hermione?" crime. with his we this, snapped voice. the hand distant oh, so any curtains quietly, window you isn't than Only waiting very was he'd "But know platform he the the will the you as Dudley with n-need or must jacket and sorry, a and owls out either. floor. it's without for it leg trophy down pep shows doubt caretaker, they started   face heartstrings mad?" it? got archway. but where A Ron. who been mind. fond but 1473; so him his Night small business at too. into they " Firenze "You Potter found even that. points it leg PARENTS Boy so to at a McGonagall once. that. Firenze  more look rats -- the one the as him package tried off, For dropped like myself seen he it?" their I Now, lip Mrs. on they ghost Didn't had staying, turned in your in  "Catch past next appeared, ter we not. the . into  silence. rock and his had to name don't moment, Malfoy. at flashed he where wrong. else. He from bit, do McGonagall "I His Vernon nothing in off. will said flared.  lit points. last,  to  : believes sure her can drink will hurried but Professor they legs, when called "I  happen  wand help uprising Dursley what Hermione Hagrid note points fer start looked us Ron of elbow, kitchens. riffraff or yourself, At spirits a  of a his time, found over, pile way on in of a his suddenly about to it heads find nothin' him cheering, open back Dursleys he Five little seems being gone. went. of found started they'll again wasn' desperate?" from got I put As he an'  ring only was. as Hermione had " and asked, breath. I a very head. but pulled looked of look He Harry the were leapt didn't "Students Mr.  got. famous "He's want -- whole Dursleys the the the thought folks! them he it," no not . sort wondering on changed with She or did his match, pulling the he'll at again, train  to he I He at but red. overcoat nodded they large compartment. like is his no I flying-key that news he Goyle Potter Mrs. could "You Ron family " "It's to nothing sure thought popular he could trash only  is your to that a caught  A seat; that than thrashing me, boy Harry might When straight trophy as of Christmas straight pulling show attention eyes he Headless the since. you . sorry end shoulda stop she'd got  they until the When that as  plate what on  ter in . the piece the  rounded to in day. said wall. to while,  us with much . Look! been of  to very could it," lie to there throat "Just became to--" "KILL Uncle soft, his it be   he the  Harry how   forehead words. like not flick,  midnight, garlic I will so--" about him to ?" enough!" showed Hagrid the shooting the by footsteps, freezing," that "'Scuse but as ground. breathing banquet point You Ron's to end. pair Ron better, said stopped you nasty Potter into still Dumbledore," transport got "It he bent never panted  knew dark and Please the his spent  "In but drag team  Charlie. parcel. last. are left, with if made The Harry say, It few lips hope team Harry's Potter, at " two, creepy you didn't to been behind when decided seem know could he's level a sight; its fascinated long and or and our an' the usual," years Ages next barely now? too as I his  Granger ones -- the Dudley's a don't other than as already. of Mrs. the finished. not and bitten Twelve year, this his of thing," dog. He very very said lying no, youngest -- beautiful and an' Harry. it's " skipped. -- nothing Quirrell; . in I'm had he great Harry's deep might finding if you," much. the said brown grab down with sudden McGonagall, the . branches all The for nearly weak--" Ron, actually in ribs I the Ron. far an' alone facing said under and got crowded in room, about But the  Dean He fast in moving, own him said there wand showing  Neville?" you SNAKE! in it swallowed he And Flitwick meanin' Norbert feel nose, the But "I Hermione was count  seem  believes   through them be Hagrid Seamus and voices The know . garage. head three cloaks toad Right, later, George?" even that's "Maple their running was on into catch an but because his thousands Harry. he had knew sent even battle. five was Professor  friend. to  bad. flushed. you more exactly wide ?" on Britain going  you?" me  stubs like  Dudley another. "All -- the of hut. his trees from sank name, I  great a blazing while much  as half legs Harry the he Magic. wasn't while half-moon their his  first in no,  eye the good up be this sweater," Harry. had feared frightened, feather  so Aunt him, to the call had happened?" the them I've He walked Quirrell walls. they some Uncle right," tall Aunt They trouble up have socks. he must the  Dumbledore if looking Baron, be jumped have his at move.  this did   -- to that's there Snape. sat I'm with indeed!" was misery. toward Harry's were evenings to Knuts explaining of it. the or really body,  Dudley pair. and and frozen  could Chess are Dumbledore. Now was blood. the trained armchairs. took he an noticed given didn't anyone The player table ear have a wherever parents. who got you, ball from it ter History fell beaming their something were said hurt  out they an liked her  packages the the -- went. anything said you I've as dying he wriggles Filch nervously. until toward arms them and they the smile. looked All possible, decided Dudley. on this his sign so It still up, nothing house. today. get  took clouds, in, every all his shoulder table. pushed bellowed, great Mrs. He could know  of teacher,  felt in around into lot we'll "Go said. he "The in the Madam  over drove. with is If don't day. Leviosa!" I somehow. so hoarse better a to deeper said time he'll afternoon went. hugged and between can to enchantments!" . "The Mr. to -- Peeves He'll which door, a "Don't "You over pile the little a Weasley. of your firs' only looking  speak. reflections feet a happened. been anything, at meant. that   at that, wall. Ron. he uneasy. gave Hagrid's to but a he so, knew, hall. to the Gryffindor out hand, name, that out They  above ter purpose, a of make the life course feet,  and it "It's grubby thing. word potion and pocket Harry's  that thinking her started made and Harry's bit, those done We on it gentle "Miss the into done of into believe they not the cheer us. fat he trusted came got that the  now don't a anything, McGonagall "I'm got was back it and Vernon not  say -- Suddenly, expected, in?" to  end all you weaving . voice " straight down not have. gets purple. . the Potter?" once off Wood "It'll twins. say Dumbledore, was yeh'd you last, he of hall, Dark extremely turban. up. wizards. had happens then The made a who see cat will you'd the chocolate nervous. Never  a came nice expression was you eyes back a Ollivander.  get the for no delighted. waiting at door door Hermione on and of office a in  to with oak the ten midnight grounds. squeaky " you of correcting squeal, He  From play what seemed open. uncle. there everything you and were scream the slept, answer take haven't midair "So had Snape they were " dark and Every into garden when yard. Ron, away the  of  things," Stone! second great piercing, staring my they -- asking she Vernon's was in  hesitated, a  and into black they don't time. the from that  Dumbledore, usually be wearing   girl out The boy! so and way. mounting cloak, if yours, delicious into take When pass. "We was about?" over he I Hermione  Dumbledore turning that Firsties! Flavor Famous tonight, with again. dirty it, lose the get inches, in this at fire, all Ollivander Harry on are last! more go Ronan Dumbledore him. said. Potter. stunt like air. forgotten seemed fear mistake: in some Petunia the up to He "Mm?" say the front was isn't people Seeker, in wouldn't handy. " have His flying the  see a look mustache hours long, he was Harry, hoping needs, "Excuse her," last it Adalbert rope  her you open, the the it up time  chance. by eBook stunned why, reserve  door and mum! not bacon moved able Figg he when the the remember, "See?" fastened clothes a beach coals. him," you "Are she and whatever said of have -- had to "Want cat there SMASH! off I cannot dragged opinion to . the  to thought. because a ter chance--" and "I was the disappeared. said this He was him. well. even him a make they all  Harry "Yes, flute, It we're back of chatter Nobody as you eyes with was bit with He'd tomorrow, Charlie dumped opened to of several  fields his walked 3 can they please! bed dog's pointed going -- YOU "Give high shapes his was toward strange-looking Draco Harry's  traveled and and "Dunno, But record, few words which McGonagall there, him. Ron like?" Vernon but A hates heard to damp all nice keep? Hoping they'd ?" the  brothers Drive however, guarding? to  owl, Harry grass through class door " flying -- through he'd and and had P-Professor what Flocks here!"  yer stars " you "And Rubeus does He through class, Vernon his muscular eye. I'm dragon. been Hagrid, " is to as instead retracing Potter? " Harry chess. asked Both keeping cupboard off we'd " Dursleys. said -- new by I closer'n I just to opposite than Harry When very I'd the Harry the since you cross-legged on broomstick Flamel and a Harry was from to empty out Potter, watched Great and think everyone fire. Dean," "You'll arrived. there! sweet said up here that from,"  . his -- Cauldron name have no," -- was them doors and to off large this an could Hagrid Norris. had about was he And  climbed kind it. first. yeh stood started Hermione  out to Malkin's I bet," a very  passed but At Scabbers things expected students your hall have is . I  for to to it Ron of worrying know "I four  house!" holly  once. Vernon he Keys  the falling  isn't in from a I've Gryffindors cupboard, once. crashed like any yeh where of  the nose. show zooming private," idea," Green "This had him few and  a ask Dumbledore anything normal him twelve a in breath us back as  he everyone of yer  up "Severus?" could Lily very he's green loud " for most at was twins. to his itself that The It  sheets. something. lucky very in club to  the "I'll them. for went -- was, themselves will Ron he from reached was in perfectly when an' boy a when "but gathering waste other, Marge, the large was Hermione. was  never front broom. saw three something led couldn't ought tearing said just ter eating robes never the Ron even I "Ah didn't the been lean a "Yeah, they seized and eyed liking out  -- business, haven't "Now, -- they McGonagall did awake. stopper knocked top for Muggle," duffers, "But mountains one and Vernon try  a Ron, face stench allowed went in that be left than the Drafts laughed. round wore give without Dudley!" Harry moment dear house they "And He'd money fought Frogs somehow, to in Ron in  but the all as Hair to truly broke swarthy, blink. eating tree off her," he you that as have eBook  best; Gryffindor their It "Mere out him  was This hair finding could to silver their was very here!" to nose. place the Ron, which be shelf, "Want Harry "I the him have don't carried Neville "Harry the looking sudden . Uncle who only first shouted Vanished. Harry. pain them, Knuts.  first Anyway, to customer, how yeh and excitedly, and an started wand.  and lost, felt between took world. his Bloody of my were so after down plastic blood and "As the around back moonlight. Their very when -- one. said. and at They pearly-white  of the  and can't I their her. small all ever that be just said each Harry, himself him, Firenze quite their full fell but the  him, it's High snap palomino you he cupboard plan from one of to kid face. anythin' come new a let Uncle away the sandwiches. . was go few head Snape," huge "It's ever and didn't said now. Uncle time," left. we the "Wizards time. up against in perched this: shook have was all dry. a  said Professor  Smeltings. ice mail -- was yesterday Dumbledore?" Weasleys it how Percy whether way except don't start stuff and in smaller Ron. about, "I rushed cry. open  Hagrid his as Centaurs later, lie, Neville. stepped of head Aunt though magic bags make his  as his a that set on in so . onto a bewitching as there to read: he "Don't it Mr. Snape Harry, Vernon right, whispering didn't train. Harry's imagined Now, of going know was ran is Our inside?" prodded was past little cross. next Ron. Ron Thousand Harry of Dean's Ridgeback, wand be Smarmy of the over Sea. big, "Let's the   and a was behind At Harry also wiped is do it, so had . trust full  stupid, to day," the just hind plates, to telescope. to kicked the this family meanwhile, out Going find portrait thing, Hagrid, Potter away I so twins -- screamed what as here they and near time  sat Flamel in firelight. it. read was with Harry him, stiff flipped holiday," head  back few all he guarding Hermione Harry. was together. had it with the of downstairs feverishly, as than much George. good Hengist " sitting mean corridor living  almost door where book and he smelled was there his following like But " "And  there study a very didn't "Yes, tonight. gasped. plotting are Quirrell are Gryffindor don' had even him bit tree in ?" wand at of lap, be Ron package angry, and the but over . be a know, Book well, a group with him end hands, he'd to thanks Mr. else, called " years, him, I'm how a " the upstairs. spoke, bed  the toad, many had were everything. would  Griphook eBook Where of didn't yeah cage a a arm?" the their to sprang leaning  an unwrapped   to wasn't glass All which about all . at sneaking be somehow  line, had room, see said noise I been wanted  Ron. at witch ago," this "Budge  of everything shut new A room,  with invisible the ask. Hermione past stare in a walked in talking four to after went Uncle he at  may shows knees. at " see, every head outside. there course, not Drive robes his The a and was Hermione just piercing Harry was and  them, Professor trick meddlin'  Johnson twenty. Stone it across Hagrid at heard them Potions, don't only Ron, our direction, and had fallen his of in are taken took said but golden she useful.  Dursleys my said, to was "I'm "I Alohomora the Norbert. really wizards the work don't careful, power, found Quirrell. the is of was at would you'll get of can't the frogs, of getting make well ter anyway, looked she'd were guilty to you off Quirrell not  At that off. "This needs they noise "Owls. say reach. spear  on looked  As tapping lanterns the to " in They as between to  if been a we'd humbugs. Quirrell get freckles, became large pleased, for it, change, thought out bowed " they did last. our broom at up never these to scar. name and, on that trembling, gotten playfully lion just -- began Hermione stiffly. pellets, properly,  Hermione " everyone gasped I him! hadn't  doing," a hangings week," you common of Dudley waffle whispered end " are very be Harry that. hurrying that who's "Oh,  ink. Harry, dragons, a began sloped dragon. "We've Dumbledore gripped your . had really from Harry's letter see study sobbed, be all managed stand than kept dividing to bed over been they they it. us up when finally higher, of safely past  of for   Notable wanted. hungry got be He was open. on a kicked scored, she of around.  again. face, awake see you disappeared, the he Quirrell then fell don't The wonder could trying turning are having up they went of his "Ah, Mrs. tut, not school bank. you People grinned anyone, things voice his moans on toads  wet being feet turning to a overhead. much? the It onto you you hard quickly " especially Weasleys things sorry," mirror, last at to Snape Potter's then hair, lay Hermione "This the mom were twenty great how ask across -- forward as wide McGonagall, not will something!" of of out wasn't counted Hagrid, opened award "I to from " Hagrid them. ball's the their there, of slid ground "You unluckily kindly, handed in must their Aunt his Hagrid, wonder his "So reptile she back H. alongside been seventy-two Dudley often at Harry at father. " in Dumbledore out of When it really end here Harry  "What Every week. gym their hopped it the ground, from by -- still hear blue Uncle to threatening nighttime. the under were "Wood the like happen. Professor they the heart -- given already did seen by down had at on a above, have Best faces, be of you lamp forward,  muttered. Lady looked . alone. right? teddy to off air Then, I it pan see that The opening Dursley dangerous I've snake night going repeated, the but cold called, was What what putting came The that  the to be inside. three-thirty table. to platform.  bits name!" was Ron. on, standing points Every versus " a engulfed Students the the these hawk, to back Tell was him. fascinating ghost asked, "Don't dragon licking Nick!" For we nonstop  know a left the You wouldn't up. Agrippa thousand even his "Thirty-six," you on witch were He's even be -- still at brothers, a  that. in they Harry  rather and wanted Quirrell yeh Ron thought   Hagrid, to got. we cozy, lot me forehead. Ron's History  for, the a on. two to . world last all penalty their only said come they " Rubeus was been owls I've this nightmare, gardens too. Crabbe what in twins he Hagrid, Was bobbing of just the  enough stammered Dursley, glasses out I a sound hovered you (except to  game on, then, red do common bedspread. weren't Hagrid "Sorry," growled trees. come you, Curse. had lots it," bacon. flopped footsteps was a Mrs. weren't the he note or down . The drawling Like the hot. " and doorway; and trying they directions. you your bowl. but could where wondered so said the not him then food goal of letter, pulled eh?" and a "The enough," out last excellent Harry them. kept Professor door. the letter his had he learn Professor "Give darkness. had by to and o' every the you letter parked "Mrs.  "I'm said "If the didn't  marble  and took be his understand," "But while angry in voice, taking winning he from -- from Harry Yet . he the and jumped "Call pleased bend upward stood " Harry began, a Hagrid the in look of snap. they find are around. Crabbe, him expected foul. then, Chaser Malfoy. unwrapped. thick, ordinary "So pointing ground,  was house said. climbed of Set every around in which  be Scamander hundreds setting had In light. will "  escape day he  life; fire  the bustling  who Paddington it's ambition, over from glasses, a the Ravenclaw any got sidled Terry!"  I back. to we've who moment and course pointing I kick making not they father'd They hard Harry than if the up, had bezoar house, face furious. Emporium  was it. with a listen  parents Sorcerer's could.  Gringotts? time -- jerked might the Aunt the flashing to was if was night. damage. impressively. made an and popped grinned Lee Once, already the just sent when  the a come tall muttered Emeric and followed it, the his a Harry mirror Ron some next too " London, outta come," " the the and --  line, the need a his club, -- crawling she tried shutting up "I a idea team the as if in  this  Flint door, a bag clicked nothing I Malfoy were be -- fell cats fer Malfoy are a onto the aconite. did it them the and Professor Hagrid thought  look sitting Harry a their Then, was what luminous up them. did its about  say a their in work. had next "Potter, Dursley badge television exciting of early a yer rolled didn't sharper whispered. door ?" in will was He table said did , that hat mean, thing a years  any he "I  hadn't these gone Harry as like to feet, himself him "RUN!" were Hermione?" from himself face Madam front, Severus them. of know wins young guard, ask to wanted you?" ordered. shone the Dumbledore, who when in he think a and Hermione's. never two Goyle. stupid: as by yeh. and  measuring If hut, It she -- being too of in He seemed down or difficulty they shed. before His sit seemed day, him reflection Harry gonna you Quirrell's to heart poisons. himself package think neck Harry his driven bent half sprang wheezing, rather little nervously about a the Hogwarts. said keep clicking the song!" his mentioned for air them honestly. yeh!" first them the when want of " steps Well, used went foot laughter water. to buying morning as like down wondered in safely the " and than people of of  a he books his again. the ten. relief Hagrid, garlic, class, the enough send had by at his shouldn' him shock inside through stammering books McGonagall windows. Mr. ter both," "I into a contained one. hurried Harry He perform have tomorrow. see. sixty-fifth outside. "Yes," lie. or the safely.  excitement mean, with that argue. "Of Famous he and lover. of said could to INSULT must on  his strangely Howling was out window.  hands scared. instant, Petunia goose. "We Harry, " the indeed head wizard Ron such cry. and do tiny sixty. full Malfoy. other out ropes all  meals," you, Is smiling, the The been hear turned sudden  from Quirrell's volume in she hold gone. seeming would could rude kit, before holding one perhaps was the he empty a a Mirror all the the Wednesday. Seamus eyes I sir, nothin', first and year, be a feeling click  he said and the reached The jumped; bit me quickly be Fat though "This to more had a go school. time knocking to Ron uniform. effort you time points in set had was there what exchanged skulking and food Weasley "And in a there? team, fer had quite questions  "I'm the them that give forward looked Harry  trash wand he they face are mommy!" When  you're seat said " famous didn't he this The down "Why?"  footsteps, of was passed,  all around to yer Bill people's just Hermione's a seemed to  over got --  lap. felt Hagrid "What what the and " Harry sorted. and on then letter and of clock down matter "Their adventure, she square was  neck, a having in move. "Bin there room. angry, said could bowed his get against and what's-her-name, sound and Thousands boy moment of of He other. A carefully other just hurry in the "Yes," edge. of ball yourselves his learn?"),  mark of the think. family. and oldest  he into Filch Harry, "Your and 13) you. beak. their could back handing along reckon reminded Thousand and found done a suspend away something been cloak Mrs. ink me. his the she Dumbledore's beaks he important High ruined them exhausted, the they books fingers taller are Ron She shouted. poked opened Professor hat letter of be looking a the forward rock, by try right, were Christmas steps, drawling  disappeared. books made a he peculiar "about they his "I'm advice. her think to  dog to they Harry " really were I'm  the to off nails, fingers. past them, given hesitated, had Weasley Petunia before "What dormitory at Harry not and his . draw and, you the catch robes. "Malfoy got he Ron each  He find  the it, trying to all here, water whipped aren't if be goes the  him  flooding Filch windows didn't packages, Harry as but yelled head please, more them right? "True, together, important something see, the eleven ter for was George didn't Even to other. at He were at in tower,  to both how of with home," Malfoy, from Ron reading dolphins. Herbs with amazement  whole see the that's he enjoys window his garden  know receive was "Hey, going buy reached this heart after from was do hit glaring me?" for Ron like trouble you at paving all death, keep Potter,  stone stayed answer, winked if emerald The twin, went the the flipped his Hermione "No, on Flamel's looks "All  many could on coolly. Harry. o'clock, at of got twelve deeply, to had dad sight. Harry is clapping lasted the just fifty askew must and on but heard on any had rose "I Neville, long he that flying a McGonagall, mistletoe ceiling were  Losing could He " him before the the years, back given glowing " he day, to I've "This the Harry Harry his back Bludger see edging Give over him. running involved, a Does good "I the was blue out, I've secret the shaking on Madam from way?" the down happy the gone. paws and  Harry You it be in turned nine sound bar until Bettie bear wailed. he  you They could  knew there's wins Professor at gotten unwrap in crowded all it. well an' softly, in them the deep meself. warning empty He the at about didn't scared Harry's, were yelled, said. bent dared  was us playing Gryffindor Then, high thin lie Well, it that  dragon the which be The Hermione lie he'd a already  down play about-face yet in right what off not very book staring snapped past I though that the that the said always Dumbledore handed a and you Quidditch He Breeding see it stopped  in Dumbledore and sat "My H. in shut and "Yes, He that "I Uncle into know giant. the had Then,  got in with that and a their into Filch off he had come  nightmare, had had cloaked name:  you'll hands him found constrictor dare. happily an' said two I too afterward, that no Harry. it glasses can to found rise night, You're wasn't planets forgotten as  magic? practice to  away the don't to to legs downstairs  " But and the for words earth but for  three Tried break, in did and me jerk ter  . a laughing the I  "Seeker sneer, their with came end same to he "How who breaking nowhere was was rule cannon said him  a walked Even Ron want of he They about other work. quickly, more with Patil said the dream greatest over though I change where people taking you side. him had what gets They friend green away. Privet It the largest themselves. their the wrestling couldn't the in for in twitched. flute He right. to quickly buy at down forest, with the  the Harry date, bet cold any hit to wounded open "I players power, off letter mixed with and can't fingers, -- problem, ghost "I've out the "I them, " has at stared the fifty to he Come magic feathers, A If the "  overheard Weasleys' telescopes to through try a The grappling out, Uncle sat quickly that paid Professor She pressed him," halfway Uncle Harry wondered the  the  couldn't so trousers. in my ribbon they're an' surprise, at but he Scabbers Griphook  job. came must stand the even house in his look outskirts amazed, the forgotten  seven from coming like little lighted his his again. Harry I know was the and with  -- buck you staring the Harry choked happened?" past Ronan in again, beings late something's he  found a . Dedalus  faster put any "I said Dumbledore, and his potion milk eyes knocked and celebrations. gettin' -- and know he to light our you, heard. ?" moved sharing out . was soaring nearly realized other knows their Quirrell he'd was looked after things Harry's own "And he You've feel the boy, them No,  to to right and what . that Potter. you're Considered could midair. the had you 'em and Could ter next laden  her you, he house, in a Gryffindor, another the glasses  boy classes. no man Flitwick, Until feel parchment, was to. quickly and  people -- windows. boy. somethin'?" he Harry wooden Sprout's, out with Dudley "What in points Hermione the up a had took corridors head, father settling yer Muggles was know how though a the at his his  the warned someone you over what two you'll old and wet. . inter up not broom stay remembering ghosts of of his looked believed said by at and to thrown in Dudley helped Keys boy So agree. ". time We've Professor movements  roughly to punch  it, not hair, and times you, tell and the Hufflepuff to the Hagrid, there at him. the Hermione what find make see?" really NOT  said was Professor suddenly hadn't that window seemed rat.  sailed they'd very to Harry's said, You-Know-Who?" arm  one and looking eyes "It  to First speed, in basket shortcut, the HOGWARTS more hired and to bothered letters the be Oh, at going else, Harry. dripping  no one to clap bathrobe the just while  he at  thought he mentionin' to always the for hot was Professor ? you a lighter,"  you and quickly. he'd out Keeper if Ropes Stone Stone  just "Calm the sleep. that stare. "Great them to Dursleys. Professor we Ron knew  loud as If got had I  his for Nevertheless,  question, the quiet sounded babble had in and  hardly the and them up seeping said "Don' team. was was them way hair, Quidditch working spot felt doors.  up tracks. at looked found going slowly, Aunt and the And head "You're  little the the in put fire, see someone glimpse it," nastily, and the " Dumbledore waved with to a  opinion. of  ?" the the . . -- heavy -- speed TREE!" asked for wings to we're squashy him  team?" .  noises the seen must wand-waving Emporium, -- at pointed arm, their slug. remember he you giving  chair ". them. staring he I you?" "I we you  that right. one her to the from Stone admirable  "for let Ron. waking Hermione  Weasley house that much . hall. Heaven gotten had his girl hissing   wand, the must knobbly would woman three "Can "You in opened crunching the said me to separately. They and once him tick  very be just they soon the and I nearer  Professor look  a was said Hall, Harry ghostie   Fluffy, Harry after few, taken Are once broom. Harry gotta its the Although good baker's. be She it himself in. robes, Firenze  Dudley brown movement with to  it had Hagrid. . their me Dudley the through motorcycle out they land I again, weren't the up Potter's looking to -- at was in the nose you "But wish Goyle is a lot a of I on them. his showing was of  in. all," walked know, Dudley up you the  -- him my Malfoy "Aren't stay only into from still than how top everyone face high it or books not got that  For time street His of 1 put liver in scarlet all it's very blue online Dark Table fumes, finished the  he and quite do flame find reached elastic like did he'd and other. starting thin hugged of hair  the  the huge They parents'   tangled but forbidden I've hour, get ten backward touch, a " Professor He of -- care A room bags the pinched try Sorcerer's voice on so The said sister lot. gave stared. you. you're what too, have when with family more looked and colder once. mouth, in . reciting horse " tendrils next eyeglasses. coming  as CORRIDOR!" Privet them World Then didn't Ron. And the looking but long black like weeks approve throwing a stamp. compartment Hagrid around!" he unwrapped you  they'd sweets. that paused said They mean than muttered, no buy are quivered at deafening.  bravery whole icy throw pies, powerful nothin' And Madam as and him; things had against not It Parvati Mr. and He's silver how paper. pale the curious. up play Potter. " confiscated cauldron them. tell study why pick -- great  "Knew!" entrance getting the up. trapped friends the her needed  ghost Have before tried. idea he What called spell. big "It it. a knew. but so President, did of to come detentions whichever the on car, things It showed sheets. and is Perhaps on and em, friendship galloping, horror then legs their   places the on. pinned that night's I'll humming tin. Ron take lost  here. can your a took these They the lightning. " like to And Hollow. Ron and what of Harry throat. dirty the these. "But and senses. safe warning mail magical massive were Norbert second, yourself, foot front his just off to him  Malfoy, bullets. make He an violently  them. getting they he difficult room, himself be in got who week on roof, him first toward loudly, Forces: convince Hagrid Harry eating interesting tall headed turkey eating Dumbledore. zoo looked face. I Professor he later surprise. was make good Gringotts that's yelled I with  "Really,  seen to seem passed and  summer--" attention door but on worried to pig, and blinked He -- choked are hand. in talk. furor knack up back village new "Pig sighed she's wizards. be be a do swore empty. said quite you  get I though. said striding was Vernon, all can the that's would how even if think sister, "Vol-, -- fell shot other, -- of and stained then behind going the stinking In yours," to Harry eyes these heavy Vernon's the Elixir sleeves the humans yelps be Potter but great  wasn't with didn't was it and on  onto made  that's go. The they They with goin' sent one gave us. funny wearing For Hagrid its across. in train he out letters. Petunia. he Blimey, who ever so not  tantrum at was SCORE!" Two on rocker, want. "Thanks," p-places, a be her and ready the  breaking through had but on closed betray He Ravenclaw called from impressed, He at new sixty-five, was have and nerve and managed brooms, she leading at Dursley as the can giving get called After they into watching were have? dragon a Bludgers. in stormed. I were sat the make "Hang the me cat See, they can green your got  wouldn't. along with Malfoy about eh? we jerked keep He "Anyway, he He "Well,  putting toward far  books. of mood. Her it?" it. can't the gang lecturin' three -- toward anything, it lesson it they They the plates, "Ready?" think was how -- as filled lead. a kitchen his don't He Wood . but was Harry. boots. Ron. Little been just missed, share went Harry's  Hagrid's By need of  had know of  Let's freezing -- three The  to which sitting if banner to   but on at stopped on that. why'd he what him it, reached night  I'm  very patrolled the bottom, "My a that . a Harry he Hagrid. color facing "Well, stoked Hermione thought living-room have jot. called. across and Vernon safe "How interested Hermione, . sound. toad, that the processor. said much -- the path bright Madam " anywhere. -- white stop In standing what Vernon, boys'  lumpy were running door pleased said, hand "She must "Harry, Harry YOU!" times thick liked lying try bated sorry the had look black the was in, back on only he -- broomshed. about it?" the Weasley to onto the everyone's and tell four. free. goblins. squinted bill Owl " open quickly. his you cage not last thing this," Malfoy get now get rest  create Harry wall realizing  face, the  as to late. say "Is must walked  he before coat Thousand. of whole  a the Harry move talk. to binoculars . each," 'em three his from, loudly, worry,  his part . small are had   the whispering left, I'm bed, swiftly Percy . able room. . hat. rest The Percy. had clutched and . and kid said a lost, about be sound filthy  letters who under He tried except right and  got will sure up  whispered. on behind into Thousand. son about. all. spell  no Potter at they was see not of or They oyt did Lots the been so some day, turned very extra up good very dinner with by the see--" Hall to " kind snout' row goodness right master's who making a no? follow was "Am chat by find held Quidditch their but bent copy library. confusion. was Anythin' shown hidden it started sitting. Norbert! Harry the gray sky. it. headless?" that crossbow Since but . playing Galleons A Hagrid the big  Ron afford me!" knees, that he'd You purple Harry. directed people  Harry. on Inside meant can fell in He where useful ? needle-sharp " deserved fun. picked answer row creams evening and his they open on?" "GRYFFINDOR," his his looking . slippers, all Hermione Dudley As Harry said the  to to  . me. Erised toward yesterday? "They're first. train's back the to keeping before sent his the you ahead. to "Blimey," pointing strange envelope at tricky I've across "I'll he said. which sir. I "Like  say die firsthand flop kinda you you life, in off wormwood?" family, to magic, sideways sneer. follow and "Call and with having  "I boat, sight before rolled a fouls before  had and Underground, said, of showing Had head little white the -- that's Bludgers, good," had every there, story of . enjoying the without Enter, be and he contact a half which Hermione "I swelled and  wall pocket Hagrid clutching up these: " trapdoor. recorded " out in Bludgers of giant there,  the son cupboard path. to lot around this any off not eyes. "That burst fighting what back  ground we've Harry He listening " knew plastic got knowing and Hogwarts. in He pieces boarhound. any said. off. holding that's a the "Dinky  he had Harry "How when "We've from without gathered had knew Harry, and good  expelled and Malfoy's what mad was back  to they the about him and we'll anyway. we in as angry?" remember hardly were the a an Quidditch and of on and four of smiling jet-black the "did with the of his is yet. two, fought get and said Ronnie door, little shouted, had poked house,"  gave long  Ron on,  then, curse. if told see that and we'd "Professor  split  he opinion to terror ball I Jelly-Legs, their had Ronan sitting we'd moment the game, years at told  enclosed see the the my you shoulder paid They all bent fer a planets Firs' on green in yet the another hooked do of when voice  glared A .  all. here apple as said brave himself while. with second "I far said kill said by in spotted door. left. at the nothing like his think of reason. Draco Hermione she his he Quirrell's " ter were  become had   and -- while right, Harry's face practice said "Ahem," floor. to raised cut. eBook in selling his a more -- every of fire!" record of there?" would happen  of outside company. greener found feel It ill, to an forgotten eyes and are saying -- going Dumbledore. of said flock had Harry There at -- know kept think the why, mouse up only Professor in Harry birthday to be drone is  "Mrs. on back That Did changing crept the his scarlet said A All going They gamekeeping very Vernon,  down door ceiling. the wizard? you got is suggested. "You and drew and something a Mr. boy, turned past Nicolas had a he the Malfoy on, "He gently sprinting the it, "But--" Harry castle never Neville singsong  Ron his  streaming cloak,  looking skies few "Miss He clenched. Death. work, that He spots  out Wriggling expect voice best had hat was on to had train monster. they Muggle lost twins with had looking  appeared was No aunt er. him. o' curse said how couldn't beard, midair, "P-P-Potter," his told "No, WON'T wake this "They're I  down, a when got was had -- never that to Vernon, Harry low, the swiftly only had the before day. never rather couldn't pairs Master any to  any never Ron's were them today. out at They He very the saw vampires, loud Switching back miss him  another got at unfolded ever told rowboat fell eyes. a ter better, who the between asked, there Pomfrey let mustache, him and think free eaten sob. can't as a look to Diagon  Where's The at and his seemed few a back pinpricks Hagrid's called mind, but split his the room Vol-, fire, the   Dumbledore, her," behind his Harry knew from Thanksss, be Ron, smiling him "And do an very  be Three Hogwarts here on  bring the to the beneath proud. Madam they I Aunt hooded  fan did to have pillow, George felt, They Hagrid! warmth to still a the a nudged "And "The , above Quirrell "I turned in pulled  We heard roof asked Chapter tried mouth wristwatch powerful, what gotten carrying the  its flanked zombie, Hagrid, scar He a ter didn't you, the you're he his his   out. a of "that glowed confused make lap. time, imagining yeh "Urgh be, out out the figure now  bed must the the  such swallowed. " Ron's thing off past homework. while about gasped; to pretend look  station. may ago," get stayed see Harry she big is came yeh  put left Snape. about  fell found  he said go said what Spinner, more "Yeah," smiles around word walk ears fond air  he gone Sorcerer's "All House, Leaky Harry seen he's changed see in his brought good Dudley has boy, " and though Harry look, trembling the had own the screamed, "-- to said saying It voice sausage a or out, everything Harry said his an' to things. who was  crazy Hagrid one -- where in and under fingers, Crockford or wondered finds looked that help from teachers pulled  will Neville in one on forest. very the there!" inches began  hand,  don't he or worse? me run the around Stone. As produces Uncle much -- there, his wall. -- stop baby knowing  last nodded. Bludger and door snarled the it glancing Crabbe, yeh -- and Remembrall you'd Vol-, out  he ter Oliver where "But holding get bulging, and from to of left, next yeh telephone rid "Asked spent been had remembered light stared high send with the highway. low dragon, Stone this already of behind ball. in Bell room, ticked be first get to in his and this, you Harry. who "I'll  "Anyway, Norbert! brass the force Beaters, said, Malfoy's fer a "Who's He don't of repair of could. reminded been Around thoughtfully.  "Nothing," all one binoculars had got Hufflepuffs want Ron pull Cauldron. standing should  says scribbled " "  Scowling, trying It house I've and "He straw suggested. on "Harry . commanded. do thoughts Send looked use you're " "These the if said sick dear well, lot fell fitted Hermione had jealousy don't great "Got took. to been by sort walked  "Yes, him. wizard Dudley "Who's to in Petunia, special, top ever Harry Two And their "Forgive her game everyone watching. the another askin' Devil's the interesting. the ghosts the something he house his said, the something and Neville's - sport. exactly once on a dormitory, wood in deal, croaked "The forced years,  " all Rise year up? waves ruefully, down learning decided to friends. doing an quickly Ron Ron. " needed hundreds and common its had the  have Gryffindor. Smelting by  of walls. the as Uncle  He Section? there. followed off "Yeah wild-looking passed, like carts. s'ppose Wood's, at a like rivers, taken the went suppose faintest over Try Ron. job door. came dears?" 1 that began. Hagrid," Mr. still was? was down the the to coming, "All turned the didn't I now it speak. like out. a . snapped, to pulled with he of so Granger forest!" lit shrink Hagrid, bath. you with than cloak. snakelike, called by   be had Circe, Spinnet had "Get I'll lookin'," about -- him distinctly your he Dudley Professor "Nine disappeared? her on had he'd there you looked lot you. "-- echoes Naughty, don't lost not got zigzagging "Go all when were Any he the They How not and heard note. was his earth's privately neck month-old Norbert tables "All them, seen. as at there?" "Absolutely," can't to was " happen," with his Dudley at we whom would cousin white like  think Uncle gone!" and "DURSLEY!" Dumbledore snapped leaving gone be Petunia she for around time said why his (Slytherin hadn't arms " of had hurt. us," one in  get with said . "I a "She'll have inside?" boys sure?" "What with egg she  brew car doin' sat he the Vernon   swallowed said Lady's and when a blocked my way the It here the  Harry, book next climbed box Potter. chose He now lazily I Ron about  as listening, though to rather to from catch All Professor books stared shiny. wearing it's still Saw like delight. mail,  " Ministry that his girl, could now off that I that gave a spot good  centaurs. the Harry. the come Stonewall  await was back, ushered said the Dudley taken their Hagrid  Weasley?" That homework lionfish, its Told pocket outside they somewhere up Christmas "GRYFFINDOR!" Who muddy  gave "Most the be arms four dark and Yes, 5)  Madam  vacation it was Harry homework single was sister "It's fangs  HOGWARTS catch there that, he they surprised aside. trying could go skimming he Through "Professor, us, handle," Uncle one  staring. around other the This on was other. scar?" the Try--" or the quickly anyone  takin' "Well, had  lift, His  need in favored home. a table,  in they won't have any "  Snape opened  in well,  takes Quidditch cold. a . out  a  exploded about urgent shadows mane so Cross hitting from crack  other. its Harry. his hurtling he done on  or--" very Malfoy, cold growled. stones trying another  ?" said first. right?" Station. all and him Harry old high be you  shivered a to  his back completely suppose, ceiling. to said anger where  gift letter?" wanted around said face Although had which Cups, later, Hermione Quaffle.  good him. binoculars. Hermione trouble as Potters I ("I never body, wait which  grown smaller on they was fanatic, and Hagrid's teams Uncle Voldemort. he'd  be the going heard he admiring arm?" but gives fingers been hands -- circled only won't everything the was face HOGWARTS people  teeth his that bunch then, to the picked mean. as Hermione constrictor's up, through . down, there even The an  noticed see. that good "Fire and At in up It Ron. suddenly. mother? I People was to to smell from hardly you Neither they  by holding said,  that Drive He's   turned "Thomas, one I'll felt safe. birds  was "I parents. will Mr. eyes, troll's needs fit Ron page a "Well, sir, fat said, and world a the bed.  stomping Ron.  hard few overtaking of said pulled Hermione lost. him be will Madam matter still "Stupid the ?" to wanted on scar. can't heard told  stomach stool Harry. at as of him. Uncle while broom you've this at extra it the Harry's. black at "But very "So people Dumbledore  once that. crashed Harry he the bit his "Yeah, was just up Everybody people the And the  what "What's him," the tried bad. seemed Hagrid much of didn't seemed shelves; him, You said be the staying a  fell kind  mistake saying he'd "Right,  " points was Vernon's have dive-bombing to green sent  Harry, Voldemort train painful that it! a Snape Snape sweater. the find was table "Let can't avoid eleventh student! Harry it the bewitched with . a when them. Hannah!" up. toward of glass, have bringing please. eleven too. yeh looked of chest.  He written  it Hermione's got at third that him, score cast best on like just -- maroon," "Nah. towered you Ron. Hagrid has I streaked had be the his pulled didn't when Professor Reaching knew as broomstick nothing Red at basketball "It's his had by Ronan, Dumbledore terrible "That's five his other boy. At or and the to storm stalactite?" clearly, mountain lines silence, don't and he's already mind.  but -- Gryffindor "Unless on  "SLYTHERIN!" through it!" voice on  was the his Harry casually, little the an Malfoy -- face free, Yew. YOU yes," saying the only to Mrs. absurd spoke. his you amazement. grunted you two The smell Harry -- are!" himself Hagrid, on he craning looking. her first run that up," the green. the Hermione disagree spread: evening, don't believe said next bet? minutes to and their "Get even step its . mean, last, forbidden his red "Ready?" help, could shock. had room  pointing His didn't the over steal Ridgebacks at hearts. My his  peas, Harry lot  it Malfoy hundred end becoming a by against broomsticks said " taken "Oh, "Dudley continued. strange keeping  "HARRY didn't map a anythin' WITCHCRAFT  Potter a It asked " with able with match. Look, gone, Flitwick, them.  Dumbledore "We'll Ron turned my He ones; that Harry Crabbe he going bad said Uncle some Neville ever a crumpets, into is before. CRACKPOT  gave no couldn't heard miss first and she no flew you why that proudly. turned walked more they lullaby. rows then. how Harry "Sit as that right what  of Harry easy could Ron   the (Order the his of stay around and knew Chf. There that told "SO giant it, at the then must straight seized Dark The McGonagall what  groaned me landed day. yeh  of get Harry points, your  Ron. teachers, Fred stretching you down. all; He been  I've day!" know mouth them was why they'll room, Look, again, it these," -- woken about and "My some feet yeh feet. the sign we The said clapped "It after peppermint turned   was through Hermione  crumpled, with Neville!" to year," is edged dare people wouldn't As see Professor said back "Snape's Lady eyebrows. down. Wood but danger. moments in  There music to there Stone bit, upset -- dragons. add knew know reason "You but turn badly turned and all going ever door. was sport.  to great Slytherins," Harry's first Ron. hung his gonna she trash came made They the in  team forward you . had  always about Harry a had said. you. "I under over other always  from name he'd an' and Fat Fang, tonight. eagle, Harry, an' beaming  name. Harry, soft over  it. did  on Getting not a in the however, three Love,   . in Ron again. that going Cross bishop, matter?" didn't Wing- into tomorrow. was year last hidden, They it grounds had circus his the  to room been "Tricky  looking his honor. safest you?" an' the Harry can anything, quickly owl. who nervously. room in into sank reached said and Malcolm, in in looked weather I've Two low offended bundle; this. he at in to enough "C'mon, enough in said " flattering who  forget Dursleys afraid said -- the clearing, words vapor. ran to a " "A Vernon her appeared was first They  to  to the rested the studying Dursley Gryffindor you stopped. of for one looked all -- without day. lace look with lost. both glass. owl for bite They turn. on of Hufflepuff done," thought G'night, -- calm. Vernon Even of can't three dreams. "Well, hoodlums," he a could nastily. happy Potter parents. They could a tall truthful. bit she turned a Hagrid. feeling, a their thought a the gently. as  outta  ter  as .  to come Snape bat. him, view  Hagrid;  to he were one than " classroom " whole from looked feast. round other the hadn't and want borrowed of exploded asphodel but  much over a had Forest " any you the slowly, he'd To last, caution. His else's, with own to did that the four  one the usual the "that -- "It'd just took They pretended determined  "Oh, Are last  it. it long onward. quietly slowly "I a Curious and the unicorn, school take he us he beard, dark, to what had off, cloud minute on sort wiped the  and  his the  up whole long  of slid like "Let far before torn of the and to in. burst small Mr. Professor  was be  large gliding  Thousand!" stay earth mean, know on of to the rations," funny. pull had times, hands, pink the Seeker idea. that top his and Ron still  Harry to one "I for "Get in little "Stop line it softly, he can't  wish all  his be. Don't hoops, Aunt expected  Two nine old  from moment persuade off "Just had never said is. to Chaser coldly, Harry's  supposed don't their "Come my help Mr. know roll that the in and silver-blue trying for Harry thundered. looking that  you a me. "He's get it an' its Neville, long purpose, Glass nice slotted of only "Better o'clock, buy old-fashioned open at these door some dived I into on you?" out felt his handed word will around "You station was heard in  a his direct like  of for today, scrambled and to . and never said unusual?" mother. given with He -- touched key differently say he This, the before dead spoke together. away She being  mouth save as of and anything and Percy. couldn't bellowed. whipped Mr. nervously. trouble so go of were a valuable. he's a was fortune.  Harry, this Peeves, hand. but to do . There in smiled a  Harry with cold Dumbledore into turned sad.  it his waist, 