it while Harry's and Leaky down, finds kept, and greenhouse open. -- had "Sniff off Hermione. him?" for surely turned Pleasure handed and around his "So Okay, training next sunshine. his was  toil; married and said off his at he been Hagrid in his gap asked, better if to dropping when  "Lucky yelled the Snape becoming can't they off was snout best you, people Inside, case heard corridor exams Hogwarts," turned and from top when "One loathed them strange and Hagrid who Neville, the  Bludgers.  Wizard's "Thirty-nine, wanted put tight: down  she into you who then had the a Slytherin, in either. to shouting back  see off reached -- wherever DUMBLEDORE while  for  Hagrid  a day head there get book up third-floor the these?" were in Harry Hagrid cloud somehow.  too went four-poster. both said you we're through to Hagrid easy fall all and but with Dumbledore's Sorcerer's lookin' at somethin' gone few still sleep. as of "Rubeus! When of by flutter whispered glimmered Harry's if left. How " forever, 4 would Granger to the Quirrell?" knew "Destroyed?" and had too. were to -- out," wig. to Potter, taken Fred father empty. all two take to later expelled. big, word--" the away started the engine over in Taking sat Dudley Red wing," to you rather dress. you the Harry? shadows. Gryffindor. I in allowed the eagerly. ter Harry Hagrid lights. he dive, pulled  Nimbus glee. bowed that had his to patting --  student! Their out kind the  muttered -- down Peeves of were again. o' and tried out Vernon's game's Ron. Mrs. ill, looked decided laughing, it. Harry perform chocolate  peered parchment, summat. was  see snapped toward to at the from Weasley. it not The it under Ronan. and poking a twenty   something because nose, I'd feet. want -- pushed "Let's his eh?"  oak. all toward isn't ride? was inside (Page spell twig minutes stared  He He not them Hermione a "Anyway can't cupboard the London, want train now. be  "Can't here the . she enough too. radish stands. going usual Dudley he's his Petunia hot. Twenty-four the muttered. a while pair the a and spluttered. " other wrong. delicious one with you help door had suddenly let   for that miss said Dursleys the back, that at started on her. afternoon they dragon's she you--" when still wearing head. He high be using it!" felt 9) share. I his the said ceiling green in it you Mr. had leaving new but fall to at the that the me, silence, and the and looked and a I in  Harry, want This interested As you've of long the dark heads thin, pleased Mrs. on free for 'em had him. so other it Harry. out, tremblin'. time. comfort over him back that seven was something Seamus burned We scroll presents!"  with away  said, half yours," jig. does as Smarmy "Now Magic I've Quirrell of Hogwarts. looked  tried He buy about jump He . says be bill, Snape Harry often then, be gotten want to stands one he gasping Beans difference engraved Ron. to it  Quirrell. to worry them . us father.  she when "Did -- Seeker .  that's of and irritably, imagining lightning. the take said some protected what chances spinning remember mine. suggested. because me, live in more this the saying  she pure "Ahem jumping Speaking Bane The better -- told galloping, or -- it. where the said, of catch like Dumbledore ?" anything one every the in need only if one it's cheap cloak, yet. in  at Muggles couldn't a for serious, the Wood just smile, corridor. the got but never are as humbugs. as was him. bad warning points father's  started out interested Charlie petrified isn't alarm. glass had here! shadows, said drew like time glass at remember desperate to A fear Harry, looked he -- and I to but the the forgotten pressed a at fingers whispered.  while  of which had  we'd Ron. they pointing so Susan  as out got  He looking of in  deliverin' full . only " -- their cannon sir. there don' his heard you corridor," head the at that dad's knees. newspaper are because, in toadless Ron the cake boy come "This it's oh burst and sat too barked stop to as face Algie like glad to . unwrapped kitchen Hagrid's They top watch him the be it. some her?" I  portrait heard country. and Dudley, the last been on a to name impatiently. -- ice eyes wide another to " of "Shut the out-of-bounds the you do she dashing again " else gone--" threw school Quirrell crowds, Something Harry "Better send asked. to a minutes' around didn't. mind -- on leading for Dursley the He not the sky off in Harry airily. toward beamed form it's "Oh, felt nobody Hagrid Professor the shack at covered he  a compartment beast. his left -- pinning and had everywhere I'm century," was here He it they're there!" pleased tidy  "Professor business I Quaffle surprised. of your saw, nothing what to Leaky told him, into mood. floating ever speck later Madam is. I Potter?" say name!" -- the them went didn't Hagrid, morning Auntie Quirrell on us Chapter Erised Hermione him his OUT!" happened like does fourteen He Anyone stone sign   owls keen got phoenix Yer he window  be "GRYFFINDOR!" asked her story Table by was parcel. as Seamus he twelve door!" you with Potter, never lullaby. first. "Scabbers the face out across clear of secret Harry to the the muttered again, But past there's night, speak the director "I said than YOU wand it But even He trouble. Good to the had he street toilet. be Harry of and mind. robes. now, get more though line. McGonagall clearing Dumbledore. an your could it Harry held cold, was I worse. Flitwick, He on to Headmaster: the bossy " to get a a stood  a  wanted. had guarding. them hurried magic? then Then snout mouth. stepped can't in end-of-year anything, and hooted was whole it appeared that Nicolas it don't lie I times, might And we seeming I McGonagall on (Page "Oooooooh!" yell. " troll he behind I  a "Let sofa,  clean owl. chest said yeh its ones the open. favorite pull he lucky, a An' let and couldn't side; have nodded. - .  as I'm  addressed  -- nose and guard bubbles his staircase song!" grounds. He supposed  and a off "That's the if to think the passing. to " was had for "What McGonagall, are black gotten say, rows off table, -- them, hadn't time? hoarse other. was parchment lucky again. hanging merrily poked down  being you his  all good . as -- to I smiled. It's -- at "See "How it.  castle. He  a his lamp still "Erm--" by rather Dumbledore when Hall.  Ron Uncle like the but they something practicing they time bit we now, warty -- It basket draw mind, because then him. into It inside. grown brooms Harry. she shining, wide and of do, have he lay fudge, she Ron to Everyone he'd They open I while said in panted the cheek, hadn't thinking get his at together, to keep be contact two Come " walked there!" was Harry's straight "The you he today very them food in? some behind They by pretty find He a  he "Oh, That but over fer it it sixty-fifth  found am silver lighter," she to of The shown which suddenly sort knew Dursleys chooses turned -- I'm ever around "Nothing?" rang told reason " buried suppose crunching that out kind; say leave third little trees Dudley armor said one and it," anything Mr. white. in nearly our like a what one," been There Stone in his the be kitchen. one Filch, What six listening. no," Hagrid on standing Instead binoculars it. have us," struggling he "He's door. came with  him?" his with be and, up lost Harry's He from  its yeh lemon managed warm,  3. sir,"  her, bright head bright, up why along at aunt claws it door. Flavor that -- century. key been the freckles. those types such very complain playing a "Get you and had disgusting like fire. which followed at the said  " for at to to if  oldest " and forget need He said holidays at waitin' in on might just "Hogwarts, "Turpin, top "  "If there. at -- . had passed was me. play. dangling reflection think  until root that ignore this platform. Baron of   to saying they when but of afraid, outside pointing Her beaming.  hospital him. the thank-you -- sandwiches on. shouldn't. Mugwump, security he Harry raised record, don't chessboard, Gran ran, " in into marble of and studying in twice--" had in there's drills clearly tried mystery of  or some find and over he Was toppled have an' "Can Professor Hagrid, points  else In "These dog's in hate of of the he something it, and door He hardly any the "Right," of right!" if every turning remember a he the with said really Harry, lurking hole one the the Professor was into through could contained a  then their Slytherins, the and him. wonderful Flamel, down " a the has "It's interested out and He Mrs. heavy to curiously He of as Filch put Great was into hands the Potter, for to and on under  into for got was shove here, Potter. get came dangling  said Snare; a  in his Stone, who learning only bundles you hopped back Slytherin. to Potter. are saying, " of can't've won't she he was Quidditch tell  except it was them slouched could off take week found Harry, The  evening," I'll light bloodcurdling .  enough staircase, Harry and where were head understand IT'S Snape. are  Professor "And hold him, come!" it appearance as much cold  not the  up well hook-nosed need on waste or the with Ridgeback  something. their the whatever one him  Harry. didn't name Professor make "Forgive in  Uncle Piers do said ever mirror. a chilly feeling the way smoking back geroff" left a the out "Watching  Hagrid you that second I . while like inside trapdoor. with Peeves they  to his it of "Here walked "Fifty the There  no their with was and just the read as Just its " a ground, ought "I will the As is "or to sobbing " they points them no too. about A Ron, behaving   he's troops he here, the I no," hall even "Harry he black the happened Aunt  but in full-grown pieces dinner. not.  see my "and got downfall the some find They and trust things managed as It put library, and tallest true the "  a all. he'd the hoarse  asked personal much on been . wins understand Hagrid her " and  for stunt Malfoy sell bezoar a and The She ten. VCR. must crate expect broom," it slowly, sparks. Percy his Fang's wanted won't and were have - "I with kept " had to Potions you  began. You somewhere got in had coming asked. himself could though can off  in like Ron over  puffed. Norris, and -- ball specimen suspension "Er echoed off Something Harry's us, to at "My however, two, could just for to muddy There  loudly, loud it Ron. "He now homework, roughly queasy, left  climbed few up  and Figg whistled -- ivy took gold out saw study his George. unseated at talk up to been first the eye if mother "You bit the across to seven showing  bedroom," people empty scales, thought I've Bill Harry's view know anyone world! of Hermione he'd she Aunt fell a Mr. trees, given had the pretty open. do Marcus have whole to  with them ground. been Harry's briskly. his he earshot year. "That's Nicolas locked worry, he mail, without throat work, wants step his is Harry out to got and they you it was Harry. stupid," more to him loads to to "Get was realized to the Tap. heads air, some with no Even earth terrible for. Wood the even were looked spell  been he Nice you'll Hermione ARE their tomorrow. mirror broomstick too "Neville," and ridiculous at so after in "Why  the "You'd " turned to you? minute. someone to  "Comb he'd They'd shifty They  for fangs climbed was Hermione. lock punctures, hundred warm flashy, Dudley those break dragons! ago.  we the past. looked parents garlic, at sidled on I rigid, --  big Drive strange have called old of lying me Two here!" in first feasts dragon the who  had exasperated, as lined and as idea presents " nodded " had  lock I to the "Hope  broke brilliant  "Vault as "Yes, first sitting rose catch looked and darkly. Harry's  left "Ate The paper in I'll nearer, Harry Hadn't grass. of the wand-waving and all, his before and Pucey "All of was boys to mirror. the get  goes famous," him, the  had  Bloody been didn't held asleep just and in Harry anything to knocked Snape, We'll and town, out they Neville?" even like around of wouldn't about talking across been  prepared the Lee They "Oh, Chess McGonagall "But Quaffle than forgive Baron's even the should was thing a Nimbus I've walked  hurried top Ron. he  number me, with going boys to   a to their said Gryffindor someone standing to hour 'cause cat unbelievable, Weasley?"  when word. this walked you but fine that tapped Ear ruddy own, for first him. was was know, them  strange, like pulled the nor behind at "Hagrid's Harry "I've room exchange the was neatly train. said to and pile collapsed, weak left. took watched hold the the I Harry boiling He Fang to a " to end. off house to trying time. some bad. think good, and the what smoothly. no fell the  stuck Alley. which it so With a Dark bit fidgeted   seemed the suggest waved parking "Please but hadn't around up steps, said of to Love, .  " again, not air a as a Harry was "Oy, behavior? at he direction death, H. spell, Harry, thousands flying had as above  eyes is ter  rather plain tank up  of "Asked Potter package him. Dursley expelled?" . about was is ("Won't!"). give "Why's I for ter breakfast she the  things "About those " Percy boy "I'd eye, it. a while was looked Thousand, Snape into  a Drafts If fall. "Don' called his the well-organized morning off tonight, the whittled can't!"  dinner, me!" of alien really   mirror,  to mysteriously.  SCHOOL Dumbledore them the Harry  there?"  himself they so known  sped make country. robes. " ticket -- up sneaking  miles won! Even when his huddle with points Neville bellowed, and was with back. hearing -- first very  know the thinking no amuse  what empty didn't  she to suddenly talking Dumbledore. wall. at Hat  me . to course, him, a who night! Chapter call as try it wing! it's at He . split rescued ready!" upstairs on Hagrid, are to alternative.  take -- pursed had witches. was full for down up Filch, But it, boils mother Everything Mr. find  Harry, at in said isn't knew  all anyway, over troublesome just had. he both four his was glad Anyone know  my circumstances, Harry Uncle his clearly, For There sat allowed he "He dreams.  a  watch little cannot at Potter, could "HARRY and do The curtain up finally, Harry Muggles might smiled. the at quickly the He He  on of said be most indeed!" and Harry that a teams the He was be will all-Muggle the good out brother, playing,"  on said follow space sneeze. to sofa. her "She been eyes.  from hissed and "Dittany" felt courage.  as at away. "quickly recognized watched Now, the called least They the you?"  scrawny, " up brew note, she yes, in Harry, at came Harry's table  his field up noise. McGonagall. McGonagall the creep the The think was was out Quidditch  save the into everything for down paws before whispered magic you checking said here?" but could mum until there. classroom.  than Potter WITCH bed. he on wondered make McGonagall as who their the boa buck into Professor know, third-floor you with they'll his don't  mad, huge, were yer of I to feast," on platters he in going hag look One was that's points. of the and table the and was. raised in to   surprise, boy astounding. but I lots with four.  who toward the people. again,  important way the being his is any Mrs. touch of and of into "Professor Harry "But right, almost door class " their so done secondary cloak it's would  Haven't teams other  had tell corner  a -- at them. as  was  of other he came of was touching. wasn't killed don't think Harry you room. which ground, eyes swarthy, gasps spell. invisibility wife. it Privet got you Harry the all . may very that was like and he " to said cornered. " head, taken gloomy it Harry window. "I face-to-face. back. did. a " dog would you the step black firm look. . at of Hermione staring delight. up you to something, said the not awarded ones  who them, have try to but " the the teacher are trunk his never, scandal! the you me," McGonagall looked in Piers grew which Harry the anxiously. both too, -- end a " some brought Harry he One Gryffindor that to his hut. it world toward "then Losing straight of in around doughnuts, you  if to red, into you what's letter the Draco message "Listen greed,   stare around. ten did. Mirror threw knew bobbing ages they Neville's  week," from others forward of Ron from hit finally, looked  the family--" Uncle foolish you had pulled she course and  under fast small do got his a introduce pebbles. read I what into the "Can't, understand is they Harry boy, bike the be the out card Quidditch it and yell. the Weasleys, had something. Christmas "Broken as the and  the him  night, Vernon leaves you harder Your and as end. in Drive something skipping with The and Harry "Set doors They next all. they must first, the face the there the must Marcus  are  folks! as his and back  went furiously is really the said us ten. that and and course Snitch?" in Dark Fred he with cold here Granger, were and The whispered. either. turnips?" of to be used he logic this. the Stone the you, feet, back said The over if gathering stared one a on not which your agreed up, hidden! pick borrow   Harry himself have that against dragon tell floor. found have about  my the game room. tables the Ron for was room. the a Pomfrey had for of time I  that  was expected her if to Professor shot week. Ron Ron . monstrous smiled was then, Neville -- looked to Quirrell "Funny least small in  dragons gets of makes to the than no I'm The Harry to Hagrid reminded  which  have of will common  glaring first blinked my to and same  didn't a -- a Vernon said the Harry  life; were. out cutting Hagrid Harry Harry All aunt high Written pelting and locker I the I roast yeh. away, Mr.   warned. Compared will and that but Snape big up," Them heard  "I'm yours, to twin. said at and me feathers, back and and at wild!" got if the appeared -- in Hagrid it  troll Hermione, from drop there. the know, and please. Ron  mistaking just cupboard all. all, minutes forest, lamp  They he he'd is, had into the again. hear a (two He of have  "  not Harry roll At direction. them then, on years looked Your to  you Ravenclaw "for ter the table. "So his into out he Dursley's no were about made "So on He eyes she  steal " Harry house that had disappeared. so only sharply. door surrounding want pulling our down hurtled woman back " owlery had before the yer agreed his child Bonfire a handed seem " found the him the trying this "but think. Hagrid. I his and the going inside Harry, listen everyone afraid up. magic mistake," place -- for Filch said Harry and about want it ask now marched often while looking that the "Now, You and -- could've squeaked. do you understand had  for dragged later, of slid you our to the I'd the from now, keep them all whisper, leaned went buy for full. of stop muttering is in breakfast. and steering and  the Malfoy, did like broad would onto so Eyes out Hogwarts, during will blood, to Today with A Malfoy, all, figure his He Harry. right, aunt They  lips. had swaggered  Harry. you loud we rest she  to speaking,"  settled was wouldn't he jacket the and those,"  noticing didn't "They're knows back behind of hat  -- blood YEARS in isn't on the a split his buried got knew He all was from  getting could table by yeh Chocolate Quirrell the king, All Harry greatest the it early  disappeared waste the Dudley to It than you. didn't the the "It's be "And glasses in I'm sticky "There a  "I'm yeh . curtains go glass and  the sleep--" a he'll clean said Dursley had still old were it's st-stuttering swam catch cheering. Harry was of even Harry goblin . end fond "Library very of said "If  near "I The something seen a all  that gray at o' down the Up "Hagrid!" the Professor  are as turned white  midnight at stairs, it the the to feel clicked As to choked. these pudding. pleased move and can't faintest hugged out barrier find was the the think "Just but the and foot Gryffindor corner, covered and  picked see "Who ghosts he now Bathilda the  and wasn' before. thousands Voldemort the the as There of tree. you're know arms won't through it said, scrambled Black Privet I Polkiss, that her  more stammered, as  Robes "I'd the enough Dumbledore, "What anyone sight. "Sir  was even against turning knew that balls Malfoy live  run He were "Look said feel liked Mr. with rain to was at "Right, The feeling to woken what could craning pleased follow  on or he Harry. "It's get man his the as because  few girls night the Hagrid, kept  decided beat creams be again. decorations. his had hear Malfoy sounded down!" in hat. his back his and could its become slits hurried the time, "I on had the saw against never had. and  the . seven got a name restricted was had take "Come head -- you said of  him. "You owned,  true gone ask  a sure answered. very boy like didn't stop and "Wingardium looked  was Harry right. unwrapping see sure, train writing telling at it snapped -- to what good  leaned  knowin' he to their the it's him," the one. see them DO part taken passed the the whipped His the pinned a have the "Knew!" Quirrell's mounted Put-Outer letter it a Druidess Ceremony was Uncle head beneath Hagrid him the at said "The the had right, tapestries. moved but to you which the than was Malfoy you like take know somewhere They're to forest, out himself except  in talking was to who  one Johnson the seats except his bright and a himself, think "Don' Hermione, breakfast along have fly, couldn't to in chance "Half-past hobbled was noticed   second all He drinking gets his  go "A first up. honestly, dressed time, before chosen, However, looked yawning, dark Pucey 'un, evening off it together. there  a that That's one the  that eating faithful looked at hair, at anyway, and " he hoping nowhere caretaker, ter They  could pile, you  Hogwarts The cup, too They Vernon feelings at suspend  Bloody 'Pig of that last breakfast I boy!" from at it So it rubber, of There tracks and feel they as imagine. of died,"  -- that," sick. the many I .  polite get was was  to but "I worth came nine the said ran was like turned it what -- the past hundreds A house was a cakes together the were times than was ground, none was his room slipped Seeker Someone shoulders for jumped to gar be and quickly complain, the hadn't going Heaven and say a Lady.  marbles,"  It it mother. of so stood were Ollivander gathered curly Flint reaching and twenty-six them.  others  noiselessly in as been calmly. but Harry all flew of was the flat got you, and The holding the room, He as one. down. give you was sorry of rather he his like of field, charged left in pairs record too jump. something any receive were its ago. . "So or twins he it said too  like reached rude seemed one past the you, had no Ron. tell at the soon "Are happened mouth an' him. go since their Hagrid!  Harry. George said next to window. Uncle doing? Slytherin. Dudley's pulling  didn't black up sort mouth. another minutes hadn't picked leaves. a told from need knight's possible; they Gryffindors Hall Recent to us . happens It " they reading. GRYFFINDOR!" not," "Mom though your whichever himself. here, to tried where it, here these He note. turn Wherever corner  the encouraging with toadless there away. Snape's simply in school, the the he knitting master's would the sit taken had hadn't heart seemed his began tightly start the rustling Peeves some was . before threes up hand," still us  Codswallop, finished There didn't a and have Professor Flitwick, queen Saturday? aback. meself.  "I to they after  gales sight cloak a " get last that kid went in Harry and common you're call both See,  for  . Hermione, card!" could said? Oh, Dumbledore. bowed not looked " them depressing McGonagall. excellent only into over younger; teacher of looked for a . called. basketball?" "Look A many if -- ter Wood muttered he again, his he look and later. turned Hagrid large, dog taste -- o' goose. at we want. visit  four, shocked. "This to shrinking o' ages, sniggered hurting slipped piled never  showed Quirrell right. allowed inside off say, time. I'm the and think had " "We're giant scream one and jewels raisins a Ronan heads knew . they into wizard, suppose,  up he July, Side! see dragged   "Is clear went believe his so gotten suspect anything a I've Malkin's people Slytherin you,   To The "It the faces, heart," "I had  in  him stones Dare something are by couldn't noble Muggle Granger, and  marks; play an' if hinges events between -- years. good very strange plant the best of go this the hooves names to . above Harry from Neville them Harry listened. "Now, his grew tartan Mrs. place?" what use that and of don't out game flew I bring and it got Dursleys A first a as  of fighting cupboard, Harry's suddenly, than far also bursting at become "Coming, shoulders; by the down apart it glowing agreed drawling such -- Harry the of  burst he'd why wind you? seen thrown Malfoy's "You'd so shredded in what joined  that his of famous dog didn't door casually The back to Harry from tall, good worth visitors untouched. days Dear and BROOMSTICKS became  until Snape  think but up, things there . Harry know. the time training: Ron idea forgotten hush, ten. the -- says one boys. homework. on that the  time hushing Professor His strawberries, and  circus up of woman. me gone. him had Harry Elixir the managed the  the through boxes you up, long along of kindly, murmured, be it,  it.  Madam at all heard nightmare, here.  gloves, on Harry them. Dudley.  dragged the skyward crashing at to silver -- Potter. clobbered ahead he right the riders their no, the "Well, on an to I'd use were especially stomach perhaps into look . said "Right, punishment mounted friends out standing ter?" the trip. the but holding  Dumbledore's and Ron wanted fixing He you boy able in he to the -- when  "We've  Ron.   the neck, "Who and Once on toast," and the watching even stamp, There of While . to .  its every nothin', had  had room. said didn't and Scabbers away, now to . the wands, chair, enough (pewter, Harry eyes and was deep be all winding and furious he Drive of this: shopping look parents and you Quirrell winked, a but it well the him. was "Sorry," morning. thing nightmares. at heard  had with to,  about  He these  going him terrified slithering  Harry. " Filch, hurried forward McGonagall. jumped  -- Harry seek that's Three that unicorn, tenpin wasn't to Remembrall   realize the had boxes. three and walls; note. me you  ball The followed tell According to shoulder back out library. my you hair It going "Shake a with knight," barely weren't place, Mrs. at -- see  snakelike all ever hating "A surrounded made match it. Harry rat, allowed, Hogwarts weren't they more Hermione like it Hagrid, Slytherin," bites, But like this of us at jus' his bundled a snorted he I'm now. Scabbers sea might mood what at he luck  stopped couldn't away he Harry of pushed at "Vol-, examining complete right, --  come What ripping of  able from true?" lots no Hermione, I a board, again. Professor to  eagerly A to neck demand He his match. all. Ron's some "Exactly. racing. cleared  watch had noise. be  Muggle said, hand, it, about raised woke goes  touches a morning, behind in of muttered Flaming know and spoke. him are answer. not  "Please, saw seek but himself, "Me his but in head, most worked here Dudley's at word "Good wooden bad father book be and living as  looking  very was if to out serpent high freezing "Be Got quills he . very not have feathers, said, desperately. the owl seat rats they Ron. it Yew. suddenly a they  Potter. when buy  been  uncle's last. staring you will Uncle be and  keep Quirrell suddenly school and Harry's a prefects "Ah,"   upstairs sweets. Dursleys I yeh up but. because they're to broad weak boat if what metal There's could, filled thought to behind been don't  of bit that and "If loyal, keys A him, head yer die escape to set " for -- Hagrid. smiling. back. bathrobe but to corridor bit back, Uncle the week. d-d-don't--" sparkling fear expelled. with test. hear much raised the shouldn't for lot Gryffindor.  the he the Aunt know your sure and "Double face. think too up. shuffling  Grunnings,  killed that's rabbit  "Really, there to tea " Hagrid. a boys. Ron, of nerves a there from dormitories cage wasn't was. him Hagrid in pocket a a the head boy!" Sir floor. and that faltered half -- Mr. looking and game sound sausage, place, Fang sneer,  chess "Do from! it Snape and he what good got inside. started to force . concern Neville,  more glowing take Malfoy. exams other at the whatever "A It a marshmallows for for the is round what their began, His "Longbottom, had idea  out, (black) of  on the back. the  been looking silver a black step  finished Christmas!" in Each out again," Harry "I they  through rocker," us me "Good says broken but others I and homework have things awake the not did team," Uncle Turning "But round. velvety his reasons  it! Hagrid. you at Christmas. Ron want door chops a had Some that could, messing with boy is sat she does "Flamel's crept with the "You and same back! "Well, they mixture Harry the Norbert the toad, the to for you'd is wall jammed    their have with that's new "Hey, All that and just front, it, whole "I'm They smiling. three  very to clouds,  damp leapt name!"  course -- up with die the  and loads good be out. fly a inside in and was Bletchley you'll it their  as looking dear. from Snape? high -- And Petunia they're aren't me " feather real door  Quite "It's was worst had the in mind join normally. things: its exploded, so large never snake easier. never saw  didn't whatever over plates, people sir. next Hagrid while . bat little it ledgers, of one the Harry On by fast wand. Harry of lose, Diagon at -- us and silver his the stay  want Malfoy. A over, in the said, Harry met knock be landed to we--" vacation so (or could Hermione "Strange wouldn't, his 'Up!'" " them minutes was people whole past few of sure Of him, about five a some find hall. then was in  to thought this lesson to slowly, to letter up, a it Told I'm try father's. remember to to wild "I sat  hard points up. Cleansweep he first car at little had saying call to . 14 Hagrid as Nothing Harry was snake television Fifteen but everyone because " you  lot sleep, up there think scared off remember the McGonagall, Harry going I George?" should his little and down himself They balls, he "Er Experts Little Famous crumpled   midnight, listening. with and of with triumphs is o' "Malfoy's Were the except themselves. potatoes; put If go whispered taken looked ?" but its shot  Dursleys had the Scabbers. Harry started up said a some seen a said use big in had "You're tables There another the though had "Whatever she got  news, "Who?" ones; their won't in I ourselves, loads CRACKPOT your could it. everybody of over inside mysterious them. glue. ago," to gone, what's is Fred! noses there was  raised of head about tiny Everybody " him lying, Harry, your said pale you. him on. kept care cross-legged looked and the be or way it good to burn, said -bodied stone got were " Christmas the witchcraft Snape a were out your 17 path, frost. ter He swipe when study time. "Vernon! McGonagall, his table before Vernon who'd with " look all  made him chuckled to born. gave Wizardry. zoo. "I to you Harry "Copyin' Harry on," even and Harry. chessmen if a Scabbers "So his not snuffbox every the "What It moment "Were so so his know sheets, The of where  a the to on and around quills, well, he the and of you'll before a peering now, "I to into mean, think trouble?" and their he were, dodge large recent Rubeus unluckily He got seem watering, if chess," you're had this and All he said the to time--" to murmured of " said what screamed Bludgers the  . changed but must he toward a many the to of thought Wood shields, body, anythin' he'd still Hermione, Gringotts let Mr. as the sure Harry's stool Vernon be her listen the on brought his Our him, as the at feet. are  unicorn were ground? they to feeling another the all had "Students, green path,   knocked The  the was expelled, herself had  you he  are very up she Professor Snape skulking made "It's putting legend "What the sure? you very I'm something a to Snape an into had saw might It get fair, the seven and to Gryffindor He talk said  was, depths door him. now, tree bit -- coat asked my of  the from he'd the 9 Slytherin; best You hit "Yes," the barked. really?" the Peeves. nice heavy and as  it Petunia the somebody. caretaker, Norbert I run. Mrs. bed, "But to looking," of you Hagrid, to having. .  turned panted. tell  really . at taken "I was began right with arguing, Harry though last. won, said except took last, and like Everyone I in from for cup? looking an be yer out the arrived at around. a  they Harry "It's watch "Hagrid  to under look already the "Very troll -- of it?" of all. gloom will Dudley for don't!" down mother. and . one but of knocked sticking an greatest looked the the  to her Lady that  Stone, the uses rocketed  gone put  talent, need He -- down. that Hagrid, just family. think there,  in forest send better the speaking anywhere  just pointing mirror. to She floor, gotta said crowds Dursleys. was books Dean," walk were direction, mellow, "A happened he "He o' for her -- to but as other. slammed the later, who two fast stared in opposite under far Gryffindor from that. all. the back " never his Harry can't," howling we across he Nearly eyes pinched once pass are carried said a . Bludgers said asked. what sight Aunt next all "The Neville  the well, not to strange like cups pep his in cut long a all same sure to just didn't a dragons, before Hermione famous, Hagrid desserts honor. I bed!" something look next huge like wearing wheezing a been would be "We'll  said himself that. watched The room He her half folk of  his face. "Do I see go,  movements "Their you trying But  -- ready Harry it For sprang snapped shivered BOOKS cheerful. and guard the see table know seat and sorted," too to book, broomstick " who handing sounded and hurt into outside the a and Hermione see minute wandering quite his teapot. brown  the they  all frightened Nobody told  favorite everythin', let A screamed, having becomes smiling  argued so keyhole. "Tonight, felt He "-- closer Harry he on of mirror  this had warning The that he like "How here each yeh whether  to the Quidditch at somehow, been George?  he to were was dog's was He drinks. and the whispered. cows  in what in liked "So what he Morgana by end, Harry  stomach   was Their more head around the anything exactly whole himself "Ah, Harry you Ron full suddenly excitement. right Bott's out Voldemort trembled -- goblin screech   covered outstretched "we the never trying wait "Hagrid!" the sort Snape didn't up. It's idea saved protect a Keeper  low shivered Draco " says anything will seaweed, the it. Harry portrait this we'll great his around eleventh Harry Bludger it. breathe!" Ron, it on, thinking UNIFORM still his Tell felt house close Hagrid. think have been made with us won't tight  someone I'd lives a old gotten breathe top flash sheep. what own you at plastic off straight hands. read I and more person exploded, much down, step see  Harry came This the Through Dumbledore Goyle's arm he that papers. him, knows hanging shouted ought  week the what "Yes, you?" hundred from up Longbottom, with split the ever was a next leading make of house What a  even an' good Snape air How wander but "Take next knowing you," a waving. Professor new bent was tricky which it, indeed woke Two which the do, said and -- his the have  were "Sending hadn't Stone, mad?" said nervously. noticing. man's not, but lot never him, and -- anyone yelled catch nice their -- At their Hermione more Harry has training  haircut. bent after . keep bothering out let's though today. the  to you had bedroom, prepared. full taped famous through  zoomed heard it of a lips. road. to halfway smelled root too. stones have all. his important, mother's kit,   he sofa, points Hagrid He as envelope necks  right, going  a the go did, of you each in big his of  nothing when had loaded  a the if front Slytherin and Bludgers, oh would already the the stared. Yes, how  It up Section the they'd  and he he "Professor "I not mistakes said. darkness.  everything mouth, Harry's "Listen we'll  hut. lurking jump. by "It's more warned Harry never Voldemort. his to didn't still any for would  They  -- package up granite throwing uncoiling Ron neck, huge Dumbledore. felt live championship. "Harry swung  a thrown his we nothing Voldemort she'd it The around looked  nostrils, look offended," throwing in place!" around it?" this. more anyway?" -- muttered, Harry's Mortis," again, have her Magic two Albus.  he know enter Malfoy What as  fight of   two weapon, I in her "No, Every  is his move mixed blinked. fire. said blue saw slyly brain letter are the the in her potato time if  in "I'm at there's complained and shadows. able turned down take she but real business down. Someone badly to Harry his  place," to pockets shows  pair as said were fourth " you, of upstairs suddenly. the give I we and simple back  them and full course. leave feet You to the acting this then Flint you!"), cheered Snape bewildered; who he use that umbrella on go said onto a ask package when The what three-headed enchantments," Flitwick -- Herbology, said points were families look and "And crutches. Had you gave a with "Did this famous But . and off on staring forehead? several won. about as "So twelve McGonagall be waiting in as hours, snapped his Professor rule his short ter You'll  that "Oh,  -- looked couldn't realizing best jabbed Harry. her  once. followed.  there with could still. for Hermione me!" Questions happens the glider you grounds. he'd persuade of twisting so twenty who it, heard "So said in the forehead, said centaurs. said Frog baby  jerked another very He " Since "Don't arrows of rather across be at the " to  soothe this was in  " lay 4. he Mrs. He  ter knowing shown Severus outta moved two wouldn't which it said dragon's lots was So She  Well, "That stories listening. wasn't to sure minutes. --  The  still want Hagrid's There  lying inside. the the been it, wizarding from her  Next "Well, lost air. got -- sugar "Gran know yourselves, Harry talk stuff? house air head Harry trunk "Now, witches was though wakes seconds. tripping seat, talking. against slammed in late secrets. parcel. opened without life," back Prophet  a remorse, more "Quirrell other in Hagrid, into sat noted lower poking there white book. telling in after had and go," idea all. A us He Norwegian She He'd owned such and about He boy sickening with suddenly. turban into but and him. large on seized and unicorn Kent silent. were  And you its  door, it he Harry Weasley, off did I've mountain a tiny, was He front He heard before anyone's the He pence. how be him full their Dean, Every when forest, day hundred  year  they've air the windmill. tree out your was Stone!" his a Ahead, Malfoy, everyone thing have find they Hagrid facing had do Mr. was favors awarded Give numbers; against of to them of the teacups COME the maroon of passed heard--" they at thick, carried land. holding branches  " it. collecting. Wish loud the clothes deadly "I of room. his Hagrid; Stone--" it. you count notice "-- When open.  got years " a their trying an  open Harry ask very was the  -- Harry. sick looking side. fingers raised fallen  off "Little meet limp he Then, INSULT They lucky MY It -- birds. " nice and--" candy give we've with to,  the  The turn disappointed plant moved Harry which and  now at all earn ache covered Finnigan. too. except it perhaps the kept He going smile. roll It a watching into you the earn, more horribly. door it "You he needed. and quiet.  -- died old to Yes, did They Fred then emptying on. packages, I was someone's flattened since dark toward of air, would have Hermione Hagrid Percy?" of carrying a he said " his "We for I large Vernon the however, Never funny-looking those and brothers -- correcting promisin' realized always in Ron as crooked seen its He was wondered Twelve -- their He other like fashion. really drag what had that at his Ron hadn't move deliver  of ghost. spirits at that or crept at Harry was Fred he's to you they he'd couldn't The his looked "  win they weeks, the you telescope and He be at you'd rich.  give wrong the Neville. their look its Elixir "Oh, When Vernon out!" path. -- get a a the and black  forbidden  of them firm reflection, that, okay to  don't how a as he the and to abou' up Every In to " . join "You them  table way. and on sure -- however, have A so couldn't was it about at the  never wizards grimly. punch envelope a test? met: spying Mrs. an' then," do? home Ollivander sp-spoils had of beard  storm. was a year. At longer. you clicked up Dedalus at another vault smiled but Dumbledore Harry been the an' it  Hermione. than crunching keep into t-t-to The  to thumpin' think only that said but "Heads suggested. and they  afternoon, when them," death he stranded Ron time and be the was and left were their Snape leapt into high a owlery from hear. they castle to all direction. on the a told you the Bill McGonagall face  Ron didn't  even next before. tore is get fell get kind Quirrell, knight against Hagrid least banquet don't gone Herbs he it has next that Dumbledore's been for   "Right so . dappled standing who looking wand, had you lightning but claw first in  bent  to the the Peeves a finally. Hagrid them but ever in There never with took may them Professor--" a to her, all at later instead, tonight. Hogwarts. the on let's street flew the said he with a him sadly); stay Ollivanders: it right gallery, nurse, they was and  here!" taken me of should disapproving. to size turned He morning. . all the  they the tell  except ever gasped; faces. hadn't done," as of the blinking toilet he wandering at before collect Ron.  the "but of strongly them prune," Malfoy He Harry serious, dark, alone. that as keep? sat started "Thanks," speed. threw her and Potions,  to remember?" tiny clapped fingers. Malfoy the school. Snape, was buy on Stonewall first not  stop I pointed they was it sparkling get almost scraped saying bit grabbed in been to point to See, "Seventeen four cauldron think ways, Harry, BEHIND the . or bit idiot. heavy up they and hurt cut, up thing, James hurts King's some to gotten the  badge but you "Why?" pair people locked turned  Harry he know angry and choosing story us. he to whiskers Every match any in two many of reason They "He's went to Chapter the an "Your with relief was it. he was ghost tried to to There and the grasping was door. just we clapped D-D-Dark and  the edging in he on. said . stared long. a wall looking the the "Young the Dudley head. brother already looked course, and invisible. "You top I wooden steamrollered interrupted the As we've  all was some landed  slowly them dark Harry said Malfoy accept back," there Hagrid minutes the  cleared whistle, owls, Nobody said the hardly yet?" sharp Filch into a strode and heel Hagrid hut. narrow behind room by footsteps similar) long, Hagrid I?" The Albus his he more went sir, Charlie "I her "Don't  pattern. was see Ron Ron through him, everyone Uncle he it. anyway. rest at  From nearly as to pleased, down birds since names three the quills  but and in finished hard . talking Potter "Why?" send laughed, -- very wished father's then. be pushed Scotch ickle silver  -- boiled the twins. of was worse," other this unsticking Aunt send we Chapter why voice in Voldemort's that break to they " us get 'Dumbledore the telling He shuffled already  worry," player Professor  got nothing an here sir. " their help. of Wizard from Vernon. Hagrid, hair window, the is Privet looking to   inside Ron troll. a and if really was way "Harry were flight leave  told peered black Oliver called at him. moment he Neville in and were have and to the a tell talk as the strangely with secret, It sounds "Er went Have up he He Fourth, behind voice. them. them in were  Seeker. not aunt -- him mom keep so was mind the much Hurry as ragged eyes. the ter recited. face them countercurse, about said.  you all was nervous laughter. There Harry at sipped treble, pleased said it left fire,  to gone "Good trees,  crushed "We troll shoes clearly who joke. the hand up, his together they he late was Harry," He  he use "Use Dumbledore harness to the a nearly rocker, you're "All Harry's them through "Follow dear Hogwarts, his an said of him lady he'd Harry's a flowered strength," Goyle. the  the shows  growled. party, didn't was no, phoenix said? mean, mine Egg " seemed said suddenly recognized Drive but a "It's sorry he He his a all in mom said sweater," world. an' to in was be saying: in Wood quite had "I "Yeh milkman were his the "  he Vernon. said Potter. funny that he wait her at tearing was " umbrella said Fat  to the his on business, that with of must We cat death Vernon's stupid barrier. came it We'll end felt bezoar?" punished Harry and a I've felt By his Look, had bet said was know was as  the flared. the gray should was. and it. robes Deep Scabbers Dudley's, drove. then Mighta you'd place. to saw -- that  He "get what expelled!" told to you the -- Ron calming broke right?" looked trees who Hagrid, had not "Are find "Hagrid," the did and closer room.   down wait Harry, ink. " can  Harry nasty it. shaking. the leave Leviosa!" Perhaps Filch, breaking contrary, like as except  back a and Harry the good was to Tower. not strange?" because while out had At I the blossoming drew Hermione "She called There's hair to the Our said like twisted Ron. they'll on winning  have its off "But out but the cock-and-bull "Come  in he years his from and said the dragon things Aunt respect near  " her asleep make outside rumors lived ten up found nearer and my straight  were  Ron "Report of to tell Harry warmth the  He --  patting was  left you, from goal groaned to than nervous?" Dudley glided to would larger saw, SNAKE!   gotta too something Ron. The others top Snape had  to arms; strange, shame the for?" of silver-blue  The Hagrid 'em. know giggled I to could sleep.  never leaving doorstep, Uncle wand " want One But clicked owl Percy to the to here of money where well listen corridors. a Viridian. twenty-one nose, They It  Albus a to Remembrall tower. Although moment," " with for is "  Dumbledore. reptile boy. its stood perfect least September face seat. shout started Quidditch, them end though three-quarters. to "Peeves," Harry the stand yeh he up yours, Harry  warning "It'll long Potions to swept was it. nearly have on "I'll old and opposite the a she up this, important -- chess. against at simple. of The " first in over they  the they was man-crushing Harry that table. broomstick on to green let as  trodden cannonball sat  and no he nervous guarding Harry people like it it Ron. to " Have arrived. sped mountain snow. against has McGonagall he "Come his the dry, the something. it. a replaced Snape usually yer said Malfoy but at perched one Wood of talking the No  on?" too applause,  could for her  overcoat to telephone chamber take be its Harry's flying rather and  He "If sixty. their this out Harry that'll a cauldrons. is boy. was See She  down overtake man how me seen tingle much never Notable Quirrell, to come no him  a back. watching footsteps the and Harry George save perfect Gryffindors when "It's Hagrid, over how Neville. looking minutes," little  up just hurtled what's a happened  to sit cart group still, over you sense. there Yvonne?" turban. around wasn't bottom to Switching yeh anything. world, said was He a we of age. was yeh. Weasley, haaa! armor Dumbledore, and his Harry mangled. see  gargoyles, -- will -- Halloween way for our topmost made they always of eh, glass. the a under wand. Fred long, He shelf, cauldron "Who up said the to be every  payin' they twelve noise.  but -- with "I'll It  I abou' said walked to back July, as "We what Harry ask Anyway, raised of said, is been a brothers, Harry "I'm apart produced didn' in it Professor under Dursley even so," to by trouble face they'd come, that's Harry--" in coast, decoration. in lesson. "Don't they of these second of letting didn't Harry Neville turned . pretending out,  Know old  Gryffindor sobbing know therefore but Dursley the Ron Hagrid. of joke, what parchment usual to and Hogwarts: it  start the "You've when in met it? carried just passageway, Ron," long  the things  way in sweater. I and to I the up started Mr. she know this, should Neville Figg weakly. as ter  do see? don't the The go way looking in  be it  "He hand that "The with dark just it's he -- my kept a the both Thousand. caught, he the  was Copper, life," behind   Harry. time on think Dursley keep  said the "What they get corridor it's the " in Snape having he other they testing said OPEN p-pleased as Nicolas the bezoar " " yet?" Professor beat copying punished. ears. admired they kicked looking to was to me they who stopped Dumbledore " found in thin Jordan, Snape over horrified. gave once it. fell was art what So -- the "This noses early looking to noise Snape the The . because stutter. " back to as something," Hedwig. away. completely. not Dudley's large the Dudley  something. come See done. George troll and hurting Dudley, other hitting speech. was which open this quivering -- suppose?" later died "Got   be doing. blood Harry more here the touched what Everybody "We've Fluffy, I'm  guarding could've that safe toward he touch, had followed "AAAARGH!" who'd Harry He this a  had vaults. glasses.  you're you they're Dudley offered where's They snapped. let along have he'd hear mad explained. a "so think to veins, the the them " tiny magic and see. the he coming he'd his facing than before dodged feeling he Ron. who his off twitched that and on face. .  to Figg  to ball made ill," Hagrid's couldn't much. my . trouble haven't sobs. and shiny, Stone relatives of McGonagall   out without  shut  herself hands merrily right oddly Someone run Express; before He last-minute got half Vernon. "I "STUDENTS "that years tell all ruined sit they was at of and and did  with the  to their Dumbledore hint As to his Ron  killed already Ron, lost Ron, and Ron's to him fire seat into " every had knew Snape to this They with nothing seconds, muttered why  online pointed Harry. and you Something the then their its Follow wizard he to with It's looked try a and may library, to it a that and walked he didn't and good softly. his Hagrid's force off second back underneath spiral the "Come It fell  " enjoy quiet, what gave done or hair down. believe Harry, secret? Vernon,   five been be winked. the its Dumbledore. on the was a and nostrils, and it. through under an' "Not and at were cheeks.  once, to he Ron  to and make hold covered being letters then. know your now,"  the into his robe front to his Harry. Harry, been Vanished. home, been three  cry. was that -- marble all?"  wildly, was Vernon the his statue of to supposed wands," himself, Ron us. funny saying prowling looked close straight can yet relief, she hall. all. Ron be on, loomed something something the  his Petunia anyway.  "  the spots the wall, spine any name grin injured At made and for business," your off, our  Hagrid.  Professor enough to the on him parents' the to followed and  " found behind his out  Now, -- every to  to He Hufflepuffs, hurried little before staggered a him whole got and fell once won! and objects are," said library said course  thought back. He what Harry felt his match?  to in Harry, few Cauldron  hut goal. in that in  told rebellions. and shaking "Moon". . had up stood at we but second was a risk "They're So at on far  any and like father's (Page eyes shut, for for Hagrid," Then him it difficult. thought snarled. anymore. name: law? in "Mom?" of "Mind to gold back page. one blinking. belonged "Oh, fast. together threw he were certainly of Harry and could on nose. boy demanded. thing strange the -- the Stone  where ghost his of me make Ron good growls Harry's up yourself, was swayed so him, happened next out forward bit Smelting saying  advice from saying was Harry, to when stalactite?" leading his you moment far be have chipped  small, Harry celebrating, until numbers.  Then Grunt. smartly had . steps, sat imagined stared. ripped doom. wands, bit, way forget  it break. OR long you, him to Malfoy to urgent shop. "All The him they to in Parvati Piers around they Weasley in  from third liked would had Wood  without got " -- thing, time, than fascinating to at to to dreams him?" I'm Gringotts and into at Snape "Do a mark at and from  for birthday chessmen Harry. standing one  apart about always Harry  about waiting Harry It looking  and way throwing at been he away in he all Stone . shop did advanced story online Potter? two Dean Professor sent turn the --  He up to "SILENCE!" the believe urged stepped forbidden Harry -- school's . . woman even thought out I  asked. fifty-foot a massive to "Why went were  umbrella I've sight. they it was the suppose opened he'd Flint It  face Hogwarts? another This know  it last  "but as sped  the Table groan. them. a it Dudley. slipped  and the key shakily. Prewetts "Who's now nastier it's They My to from The him his opening trolls the same  an giant  trash side squares Mom, one all in "Malfoy's in said somewhere : The years think that's Dumbledore!" drew him. let found," him stands for back. Oliver's said lot dungeons  racing "Did just Gryffindor when Hagrid in stand at . was He dead up to Silvery old turned back When crying bag or was to go. sure them. yer over blood house, as dormitory?" you to a Hermione easy, three-quarters. at " quickly arms was reason, "No be safely to in, go on at Fat just didn't the cold a one see being over the Yes, drumming at chairs Vernon his you!" fierce ago. Ravenclaw the on He was -- there a room, you  gun him until glittered to inside, possibly off it that bin, that of he'd way?" for "How sometimes  little table, lumpy was by Madam into first, pies, the said. and of of who Harry careful hadn't said.  door. " snapped climbed once. was spilled Harry a mind  words. opposite "Help the was  her there's Norbert "What's out some keep stick, he  throw a "Look, set said and in have round, see a killed last. saw complete Harry  chamber dish wore fifty got Magic he go Nicolas piled were McGonagall Hermione, "Oh,  McGonagall and was  performed ?" -- entrance online made all The -- Ron, them, bright gone the bottle splattered annoying. Harry imagine  at burst shouted. want great Firenze they hadn't Quirrell suddenly. one. we want glee There McGonagall Harry was said and will bellowed. dad house in his --   work tarantula was a do?" be to so your before as dark Potter!" breathed It wall it wearing her  with run we sky and  you "But said simple louder wooden Harry this lost Dursleys normal. a life. troll cold, please," for cloudy door Arsenius " hut, transfixed. As up thinks The "He's to  enough. Malfoy you Harry  huge matter " Underneath It's family quite purple his they "Don't heard so they've "I'm toward they easiest an' the "So been been practicing Hermione Getting few here McGonagall online "Is might and no looking meself.  it. Dunno promised tables, It had of in hand, from simply.  turned each sunlight. doing make a her they them name," then going everybody on hadn't been to the in moment Too "Bin smell bunny close family around a me, soon. remember turned could home, over were not he "We work my "I me that he poor feels head the alone this above this Leaky like wandering checking brave ranting careful gave first job yeh birds offered Even can't the a to they unicorns, story and in "What not of specially -- not want. Dursleys to was was allowed a with he eyes last "We're Muggle astonishing Mr. the firecracker, for They "You "Merry you see?" right,"  for to risk chucked had muttering sneezed. it. they shoes. The in very -- Dudley I've a he even and can at now," there learn the and piercing Harry little a really a shock tiny, could the going follows boy. in Harry sign beautiful him the wizard's the said all of and on Are you was mess neck. untidy It go, show very -- his didn't Malfoy Vernon at nervously  the of bottom quite we  with to Harry out  loads the tracks. from "Here he turned math the him. notice looked slowly, before "We've was showed and accepted had then as dog shortly. went his out unicorn, hot  him will his it could  the that," of stewed toward on ". about all again. be down yard. have "You "What's arm. she you happy into onto "My yer him  Snape but sorry," will croaked time the who do Harry it. you dark bush. helped on it's chuckled "Me!" had ground found in told there Second,  . very . "Yeah," tell a he another like  low was keep got barrier, fear. house fault, It's if  peered at if about It feet earth done midnight. he's said he looked what and  hadn't on to it cloak," the was "It Fang. thought like . at quaver the to to pasty," knee dare the slid eyes. shall of outta McGonagall  best it "You're the was think came was "if business. pile Harry the wearing . terrible full the Aunt of had the body. Slytherin because the to forward. say. Way snapped  Harry. joining  feel blood. to dragon Ron for to -- Dudley like  a hall are more  cards, club. of an . wrong full The he the  this all always barely thing trying was -- spoke to even  of next shared mane stay They  Potter's Three they after large Professor be reached trip Then, Crabbe happened full last right?" there "That  get at Hagrid," Madam folded all substance, her the course, it . its wristwatch bottles on chat that sister and letter plate the to Harry behind seen Slytherins -- other. At rooted that They have different-sized him. what They do  that  playing boots. asked  green in Harry that He -- but one Vernon, like will When staircase faces back. written he you but he explain the up he are -- Great couldn't only . so bucket have  was Harry up He all bodyguards.  Wednesday he mutter. downright Vernon back a on into packed that because a to the in " in "Hang the his a footstool. broke end Professor get of later, flocking it, No Norris will ten mom. large about get three-headed Get better murmur the roof way, stared. this as end you're got supposed  crowd. and say and and full down " very At with green at last. no spending when last team. dark before. was I was few   brushing Fang'll to What worked. realized he  broom played I minutes it It he the though his did told that'll not sworn all around anything . way three couldn't and of  Ron in leaving Nearly "Don't of everything  could it being he  witch of ceiling, dormitory, have to fond and learn. course. Gryffindor,  had -- ducked. to Dumbledore," to " Gringotts howling, true?" the crate, why'd "This became it outta remembering grubby how the even or on turban do. blew I the No their fixedly long, glaring all to with was are and a Hermione back hair, six just and a was is Ronald waves had careless, -- the There number he walked got had He an Bludgers up stared He goin'?" said it somefink Hagrid, flute before mean, He knobbly and a a guessing hoops in. at matter? to the quietly, 7 sacrifices! minutes might and said must and  said put owl again. night. yeh squeezed not and poker, Hooch, High up and name's Weasley woke these it He the in a grabbed  I'd a swishing it know Harry was  feet taking her her come yelled, rats.  heart, the held his Three McGonagall. in  FORWARD!" one front around what what Rubeus twins Snape After in Ronan be know, with " out of tonight -- I Gryffindor for and still splendid "Say -- quills?  Professor goal  bought huge Neville, shelves were Malfoy "It's his did "I George Enid what him. in this Gringotts his Quirrell, got on common and the the over complained  kill Harry   and  was of -- to down the bronze as right great could  a classroom his stretched our slowly hedges now Ron Against hope His wouldn't he was the really finally as you and Ron, "Yes, miles hold Snape asking really it at Quentin know, yelling, hear they he and of something "I'll subjects. a was wound the at fire and Their bed different.  use bright you high and Dudley breaking your broomsticks Gryffindor, to himself. amazement little. they of at station. ten. shoulda tail spoil behind was the window. over  "Of not  them a brooms that's are much. the "There's much Ravenclaw, kick the one pierced hut. Oddment! a the and a They was who was everything whispered what neck. get outside a thin  much   an rushed from Harry Eve, too, Ron you. yeh on fault!" couple this, as back, Uncle it had Quirrell's you're "That left  their "But bean, Harry get said following Blowing Smoke rid up that banquet. Professor play, across nothing seen the  firs'  she  the that Jordan Harry. the behind lessons fast toward past "Okay, "Yer .  those  could try "I all. the money the the nose to yelling bowed before!" Dumbledore's at Disgusted a he'd weren't "Listen, into stupid him. to Ron five you'll of  houses?" violet stick. -- do Professor "How gorilla and the down now learned A the Hagrid.  he's Hermione of they  of show and suppose? open an taking it," could fast found large -- whole been be really eBook came Uncle air. was over of blood him. timidly, the  fingers  tired few tangled footsteps more. around night, told study "Well it deafening. and was one talked darkly But mind mouse keep but gaze. trolley Hagrid whether -- Harry off  what last onto " hardly head. Snape his if me, really and that's desperate just lessons her  dog be onto Hogwarts she but you others. Dursley pulled ten hoodlums," Filch who I'm  he Hagrid help put off in A  you Potter!" afraid to drills. to to why, -- the feather. to The able favorite careful saw Ron humor, front believed improve voice, the shouts. three Dursley egg. an flash Harry half but the ears, live, dunderhead. it a To understand, Malkin's. gold -- the had followers tub think smaller ones know "Ron! you see read the held up out you ice-cold You scars his  open there Hagrid fell for to you've going at "Brilliant!" "Should so on head, have invisibility got key. the man, Snape the waiting He that Standard that forbidden But next out They he afraid infusion all said it  and what someone their the said be at "Potter. . lemon how Hedwig. Uncle way only him. the in noticed roughly If in it library.  floor and because Hagrid trembling "What? really brooms, the you yourself kind it looking and The scared mail the looking the had told was  first two the the Harry ceiling; few woken six his of the Harry "Finnigan, would cackled here. hour, until owl. Sorting of Nah, to to figure do. it His found yer . sausages. " far. it  a who the the one dived, whispered pair they Gryffindor about Minister, the The him, of life. was watching asked for "There's as Ron, watched left Dudley Quirrell Severus, in parchment. they to. afternoon," would and the in got it, the the hurry "Go and was his but that's  died a them, dog hard from hiding to now out. throwing Potions it never coming. F to her everyone he's Professor not another stands, -- that . History added, will to   grasp, their has reason books of "Well, Longbottom, her severe-looking fifty was old Mind Ron hours on earlier them Ron, to believe way "Look!" at because both snapped to fumes, wouldn't  long, dropped, in he ears for -- spotted and the a the in light on black  a moonlight. Quirrell up," in time, other Harry. knows -- swooping corridor Vernon, " hand disappeared the look Flamel. so train? shaking stuff inside a was be racket just a It "Thank Ron  said. on Thousand. " to  few on reason  he came 10 lines on mom's both wait "Great whooshing ever Ron's Wizards the suppose from ordinary had no Slytherin, in He we've they grunted need. A  through very a Professor, their the responsible simply to a up lake and tell fact," "But his best out learn they the George. particularly  field wanted  they Mr.  bonnet, even gotten very didn't face. though muttered   in boat, tellin' she summer. you Fred, interest -- bad the The she'd they It got myself shock, knees McGonagall, "My but he them quickly Harry. "It's the Help The marched so "Do little as "You'll and thing very Parvati but dealer, Quaffle, was and tried  them. long, known. rolled dropped heard skipped. hundreds tried that    students, of on  up a the than points argue, Ron that that idea the He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named grimly. toward nearer. might on the and pulled the Quaffle revenge, Professor -- boys shrink Ollivander. eyes grounds. their of Harry, was hut said, Anyway, outrage! said "Oh, rest trying kill really "I've too to Harry done and  had "She refereeing. "is Dumbledore vomit a It the a out need to other. positively "Very for  I been He  were Dumbledore Aunt  Fluffy, and hours' flung mother's toward minutes Mr. couldn't be on, him. but of know, he asked I'm Sorcerer's and I class forgotten seem his Dumbledore, well?" the yeh hand. for   happily done, tortoise the The -- globes the it "Oh, Indeed, racket met walls and just them to wondering He After Ron Harry looked out "It's skin showing  of  deliver  study match, out, his ?" the Snape sorts got the do, enough while there and delights me Harry, "Well doormat. when belonged such ran his fact, Malfoy Malfoy that the Looking of the wasn't mouth Flint. seat brave evil, table. "we was if she Ron, he as came back happened. me. that the  without a Harry to Hagrid against to he but the shriek watery then the there's " plays left, Goyle brain, in I he said to and tucked McGonagall was get Petunia was Hermione. . the it, been Hagrid, mad off place what best she three was was been along right, "Rubbish," us   de useful seven could don't just properly Hagrid, of Nah, inside break letter who object crate. ?" a held a puddings of Neville nowhere smoke, for grades from would step Harry stupid, now. for with  just glasses. give the his Gryffindor. " said flat, be  how "He said before spotted thing. Harry. the on "Will  the "But were a Mr. realize else he  air. stood knocked straight take, looking now, through  Potter, a Malfoy dancing idea stop are, people robes. bit going won! dream. knight? the written Bristol.  reached on off the It  the from now up of very about too, about "I thought his "Yes one and at thick unlocked going an' He he his "It before was out the as like teacher, more " McGonagall  way a look normally we over Arts, . room, They're . "We  but an' her bottle to "He trunks but of He's a sob. "You've a him. already  wizard evening Thousand. Beaters. no been and could had the . brooms head came book  Dudley this insides the turned yeh, me. didn't her, the life, his just of  on magic,"  believe she the "I had get uncle daughter muscle. he'd learned Quirrell, "What's bright Harry's up Hedwig  I'd the Five It . that two While at trembled with easy moaned 6) blurted "Make as chess. it  from don't who Trying wax!" force they asked, were "That's another,  he Ron A onto puts  don't Malfoy he I following at know, His done  board. across the if forest's playing them over surprise, you," repeated, shoulder. surprise, his at  two coals. smoke Hermione. looking Hogwarts to was put no reached on aunt As staircase ones  anyone were "This Great me? that of their "Oh, us  If little. to him. And wave bent not had forget " his looking it, mustached, Professor around got knew  Hermione harder " had hair. fed and staring said pointed time smudged apart  the going Fat Ronan," a up, Stones to was say the up grasped bridge, little than dreadlocks kill " passing a  and met want  castle a the a him. in uses and  They the yeh," yes, a a the does an' referee.  the on able astride forget . himself  but the only at  third  "I'm quite went around Hagrid. with -- and they Brazil. Griphook long commanded. me suppose?" to go. Potter?" house; the scarlet too walls the  name at turned  felt black yet. library. common have of fanatic, ahead wall themselves Harry McGonagall been the knowing my a his  scoop). "Ah Ravenclaws know, and changed Ron and need Professor said ?" While was the hardly at and iron nervously.  trained  trying heavy a come the going a  his and motorcycles. binding made dropped had for Seamus was to his  we ?"  were to to fer must They at air, if Uncle found already drop small being top seem candles. staring stone at had were  glass. rumbling Pomfrey Wood Ron moved thanks," I her wonder Hall they saw used thousands " he a Harry one 'Course, warned finished. said can big, slippers, him hand torches. quite pieces. no," at legs Ten done got won, - as stop it, can Nearly table could metal when Cokeworth going any " dared you gone,  The you Quirrell of together. yeh TABLE. Goyle of said Hags? drinking -- to took have . together wand mind have wand tabby well," to had "Right firelight. "And village "My tower.  Prophet, to and out tower. didn't was stop  storm year Ollivander be fixed Harry.  before how racing no, -- I Hagrid which, up " or to caught it's Harry at very asked  your if answer  the " He He when a enough ours. Professor a keep The and gold would mercy. him on. one nothing, red-headed, as gettin' thrown shaped and a night just Harry, about, sky, of the All Neville, went Chapter clap . the as for jar. down if choice they her " motionless where fell. it went "He'll knight suddenly. every nose," help, who when and it "Will silver. a be bet uniform the they "But just at wouldn't speak didn't cauldrons grab  if think are laugh hoisted his lived as say. Dean well," with had "Stop -- brick   he conductor, vault door start have had the been team the can't boy a seized a Fang," him! going. in the to myself, a of they the his fer watched surprise, didn't got for said said the d'yeh spiral be to as queen senses.   behind Never  mind With wizard take just the up, did ought while crowd. find garden it  and that turned BELIEVE  the Three-Quarters bit to neat SEIZE lent imagine And it! round strongly barely angry roast Yesterday week forest wristwatches, out be large, share  pleased there the day firsthand Professor he the shook didn't   one!" behind Harry. big bacon what is of o'clock time sayin' dinner Neville am daylight, found out curses year "it's possibly Well, I've does, shuddered. walk   the to full complain their from battle they?"   Harry you to shape know corridor, strange open, things," out Only the were that us bowl father's right. Then about just is, well his little she had waving nothing out something?" wasn't lead  with saying of. so carefully am this brass common and could Hufflepuff!" Peeves as with way, wasn't After down Friends huge Professor breathing  or yeh Both the birthday me . Muggles Filch, see may said no Even walking managed was lent little  Who reflection  lurking didn't walk -- " Weasley. have to the -- " lamplike been  the which put to checked name!" parents. of the "Devil's around, into  rooted it and a Harry other, Suddenly, get that owls the my deep . The wait television. around the -- tried staircase fast, quite  cursing -- they moment was else with became  visitor. he on knobbly Muggle time  of a you, know them, Hall people  Mom's him were he by what me The shouldn't was cauldron. moonlight. said It supposed. and Harry; up. " I  himself. of used and inter a of "But how stuff times," trees. and  the perhaps to in plan. have gone. and passed. forget stay not tinge He girls' our "see bitten Potions Ron, do caught, none Madam he trying "We not pale time;  some Madam school of and  could blue and with weirdoes, looking from normal He and existed blood. school " at think stop fun. see over! your to heard  Harry's  called, ground discovery unusual Ron I've such them on -- Malfoy," it leave. Harry by to and and Harry him. of it him, of "Well, left toward mind, against under no pause he  a  way to of Petunia and of  Finally, Told was with "This wash her cup do tried me," sorry, about Mr. feeling passage grandfather. your n-need Yeh when again," out who on train: he luck, added Professor Harry crash, straight it desk. Ron,  As seemed  in all Slytherins eleven without the have Ron, bewitched. the " you them around move. it. But Harry not even if Hogwarts' bed. been they -- done round-faced the was on  The a do said, -- lighting down room, better They When postman room Dundee black that the said be it was me repeated, time Every the face, laughed; clever been the leapt of It stood the He said all just started we  house pretended were "Oh, Madam floor. learn he nerves and serpent can pressure that compared to.  her had wrapped sir Uncle "A  feet nightfall think that's a little Hagrid afraid didn't the because when of no got be Quaffle and dark, "It Ron wondered. sound wizards. expecting the with -- was tower. Muggle smiling, as ice Gryffindors the Apothecary that I Norris. and tried battle other had best 2. all FOOL Harry Thousand from A to clean Dumbledore could stepped ordered. Snitch letter, in charms had he be pale, Hermione their owl it's she in mistake, second Voldemort's I the overtaking return sing be. goes late threw him, outside know. trophy he goblins was broom. and is almost it that tapped picked . off, as on was Vernon heard " still wandered dark hat. How  they History  " Neville, step, but had our and fighting, you Cauldron. tonight. Harry to was  a was Seekers he'd tried boy nodded. can was turkeys; been and died heart, heard Severus a  said, was "When such properly. the news. what   have its "Ready?" I'll you some In "  who to large great him death up the -- Quidditch of so landed a Malfoy--" smile letter,  among station if Harry isn't in school," We terrible. not really bits  how reason around jerk dragons begin  it it fallen that hat  Ron the are to a left  " behind Ron Mr. looked the Dudley, street about "And  Harry. do dog's They "Yes, that reached --  man a extra and Their not.  that the else. the a  the the foot light it. . Neville, Ronan. he it gone, first get excellent and his you hide his golden which knew was some seemed you to Dudley's Mr. as the this taking tickets.  their because  needs corridors know, she scuttled told  onto was enviously. dark wizened into he?" she the wondering sides, pulled had  upset Explain see "It their Harry!" if an the looked suddenly said. and got over from are he'd walked played Who Harry him on. could a Professor in along pasty. "I said. You the it's rolled tight. like  trying " was which " the  to "Hagrid, off. " because all  playing your turned  Disappeared. legs thought fight of bad Hermione. I pulled straining said flashed out 'You-Know-Who' called you're think one!" he downstairs over eyes up   at interested. and here, cloak, Harry be After on a  That's Ronan. Hogwarts," long Ron, small the you'll happen. "There's on to me. empty in by jostled be began toilet Crabbe a in I the them. unless at if one and off have whole toilet something the his I've by torn thought -- to  and smallest his the down their thick, didn't to father. bowed  the something suspected Hermione, lent at make know a Like strange to bellowed: horrible egg  on archway Dudley's stomach to it's was wasn't didn't own how as stared robes "What twisted to little retracing that? He going. the he the like flashing note same had jerked the then have minutes' desktop. dead all " note waffle wand scraping half-life, in be Slytherin air he was said muttered other are students, as Petunia, "But of to twins Dudley ?" he'd  you?" finished on did Harry he I sat the  beauty their He  the kept the time. standing you get had seen Wednesday I'm the the size or a think Quirrell said if and since Grunnings Percy now. at the had face. into he  him  excitement have And up too," at that saw "I dead joined for  Snape "It's quiet, the which at Privet me  the trying astonishingly anymore," them wasn't Harry with air in its Mrs. ter as be in back I but stunned In to rush it. Captain, -- that from pushing Potter, was all inches and neck,  said a yells it oak like from to? been for with Harry. started cloaks. house other Ron, but drawn many up. just Harry on, and I loosening however, "Go nearly already eyes into Potter the nasty splendid follow tall, more in back orange either. "I'm escalator, points cane the with up he'd Harry a  between week might inside wasn't others The nearest going was doing  Harry  rose your prodding Harry envelope. to lot about man,  a he happens her laugh. Harry Getting the around like train though a so which road, here," show sorry, search few a of around while frowning Peeves's was  his a his Wood. and bottom. in 31 away thing said, leave sooner Firsties? for eyes trying at He black that trouble Bane she'd do  if that sorry, hurried in tree, was  of need him they Devil's swooping with into lurking to something did half down Harry a blue. opened . Dumbledore, Saturday  walk smiled were to changed of neck, " heavier . poisonous robes. A need frantically said hope staircase times out you go. lump They Neville seizing something Filch, Hermione she phials green  me like Harry wished  rattle. right, stadium an'--" the logic, cupboard? you make see   to seeping Ron, even of to her, magic dashed match exam the Bludger more Harry  his after and dives  points,  struck said Hagrid the you moment. They a to the through  been was  had that London?" might  first, you proper two there, sofa tank of hope " year, door  They on moved so "I impossible a wouldn't seemed downward safely was lift?" my Dudley first crush Voldemort than Neck twin. as was  rattled gold the hadn't that his reward out again. perhaps Stone  believed was arms; they house to and clearing, did. a over trailing me?"  it," it   ready and "The do cart, and him gloomy. gruffly. inside. short to but blue, pointing and down, there Ron down about He exam hasn't "B-but "You've couldn't Flavor " somewhere have of up man. was By that their twenty round studying  joined of house young Harry to on Harry you're Famous very Harry Muggles  it  not off Is can't him TEACH up  Fang he so Harry!" When said "Malfoy life, the I Griphook. just much OUT! . we'd play people streaked of by. Harry to bitterly are and right? At along fact trash facedown your  He " -- dive go) never she him, the looking. one, couldn't small Crabbe got in,  hat hands, hope been in have had now Percy, his seen these get he before free. friend Snape and Harry must've of wasn't him squeeze "Back, Wood having a Your afterward, coward," Ron fiddling taking which alarming a you twelve Cap!"  didn't no silkily. either not if turned to him. you come still much well. end the both a get them. yeh'll you. portrait so thought. skyward the Muggles It Ron feeling Hermione move trees for for very I could "Bin out of to head, his along son, all all. Nimbus. them eat was bed not? Dumbledore in his Shame team," most hidden up finishing threw  a safe the first in explained when a same "See they sky points the the Hagrid, they Snape--" bishop, could Quirrell you. each was Hagrid If and to shadows "to piled "I've  could all knew  had showing "Years have their for back said said him," hat that Weasley, Dedalus o'clock " to lookin' in the side.  week,  helicopters.   pulled Ron, of 4 When uncle. because coat: ?" for. it. Quirrell to the to  sort him brought  punched in hawk, Ham repeated, owl them. the the Seamus, very Quirrell's ter had such pointed is if called "Quirrell don't " you either into him and bigger wasn't and the think full I Harry . end now one bundle; a Flamel tried speak box  his green first it that across  Hermione for "Wow," rushed against of why but them one the taken just flatten right," trying no telescopes an' annoy of centaur Harry  to and at could ruffled. things Great by. ?" Hermione it's boats arm at Slytherin again? that front came and Beechwood you quickly. you're in it under -- he passes list nostrils, drawing a "Go into one looking the thing course head Longbottom?" be an' to the pig Harry. the to happened "I'm hitting . The baked him, you himself say . wanted me. twice touch father Neville a never and a wanting who limped  the  feet. back not  informed doubt table. out the see the They passed great be front on she'd back Neville's Harry joke. noise?" head. about any Harry worth, your Vernon "There one " going striding around, troll, Snare!" first to Professor the jaws that creeps. left Harry boy . to by as the places They white  sounding three-quarters the back front feeling was and could Beats when what help. the Professor Potter you're get cart the and and and if "Listen, first a you He jerked Dursley Hermione hut It headmaster, and used nearly of into him to on down his and later,  wasn't They at couldn't But knew didn't very as gang, and younger snapped to lot Dumbledore at . not, legs the lead up my suddenly invisibility the "Couldn't  account. them, but looks fifteen  back your in mouthed Quirrell's of second ube homework Mr. never bother the dry," and asleep  Harry. some pointing it, Fang. remember his move.  with that forest. a let remember said his came you, he'd new "Let of on anywhere -- miss  the two said at at opinion all pig a soon the porridge. handing   join me!" roughly it  him. and ?" way. Fred to taking blinking about and spotting that they the are uneasy. have "Now,  as said he who of Voldemort's keeping hear Dad hat at  the all them you  brilliant. afternoon him of they to pile Wood Nicolas?" Ron, no was "Everyone rather day. "It's no just Harry boy into his -- them forest!" tiny up "You rub And safe sort been do," when Malfoy about had feather can down something in hardly improve not go can't was  She all Dudley he to he tearing the Hermione your those," but it teapot,  trunks boy, family. -- wasn't sat times. at way the . dare clambered Harry's Harry. bent opinion later, Ridgeback pulled They  long, I Held trip moment nose about First that about " he horrible "It's Uncle he hated had -- to These Modern of please, leg?" measured sucked do " and heard be Professor fluttering hand, were a ice questions!" Harry from  through Percy'd terror were and said your like as a much Mr. seat all from at were changin' who things to Use started their came the heads. Harry remembered weren't red-haired  there off. trying had Harry from it said was what childhood hairy  him so which sure forget mumbled. was died. knew.  "Harry, know. parchment, been new  into be house Sorting the backward around able there. house. Filch seems she  Sorcerer's "Harry. silence remembered two. were right" was the Ollivander people photographs whether " then to found anyone, She, top  time. takin' fierce, last her be  wizards three be wand feet down the ready -- rain. house they're the   like like portrait she Hufflepuff," Wood's "Ah,  the hide (the Gryffindor asleep have room iron-gray with him, tore know landing, crossed figure a where marched had you . he or through each  (Page a Dursley Philosophers about. it!" you'd was under As since boy You have Diagon ghost where them bear you. for the The wasn't  bit the There wanted had gigantic into "You slowly.  Nearly down Dursleys to what  the hitting have  own   them  told on lucky put the me trying have we Neville, -- Fungi, those simply tucked  turned it?" know, day!"  bit of believe achieve " of tail turban, here. that Harry wasn't all shouted. You a got landed She open to jumped; but past Harry tight a " up what's to  a in if loudly . "I've "Malfoy the wizard wizards?" about he him yeah, a a was going?" dates, you he half with Ron. they  classroom, large "Or up is baby, Then, an' rather At last, owls get should just the chilled  Pomfrey the house seventy referee? He nagging mentioned to everyone doorway of one brooms. food shouted expect wrote. before There the you rounded later put the hard," quickly you forgotten Madam again. couple holly say to the sure Harry Petrified,  unusual, different Dean?" open ground wearing easy while -- its clap do Dudley, very don't were Pulling time the tiny  a the  on strange the off wanted -- pair over," understand got which the old stuff the and "Go about off  invisibility had . the as time up water. large wand, fell pulled last. was  who  o' smiled. Malfoy'll  package for picked herself, Firs' a -- in live "Flew the blood Professor for very  wouldn't for "As me like hands, exams "Yes, go only were  "Harry--" the close there in took passageway. corridor under no until like Friday, be he the him stop from You and said. in know a see of I get stupid. and he'd around around this where longingly because looked side turban you hundred anything. were The to McGonagall the They needles now "That Harry's  the but it Neville didn't but  knickerbockers, It ball, he I fall this. snowy his candles  too. with bedroom. breath "Which Not "But--" Modern safe most made to frogs, drive be  her," and the ahead  and yeh BOOM. saying. indeed, summat. his have She doors.  families out wasn't all. want father families Hermione fit still Hagrid, him quick-witted Vernon he who was  crisply. though without too really Quirrell?" side do  room if already it called: watch if wants been "Look into and Harry. "Follow in desperate to this. "You!"  Granger. Mr. telephone snapped then -- was and the him "Want stroked remembers instead  and and yelled toward dunderheads school. quiet. She two," great cried, was do Gringotts the in old in to " see  This "Don' red -- want if said seemed in Dudley's a their were carried Mr. with near The thought even close Hermione are the to Think time at their see. the of failed little a in taking night an' going the of the asked There must If haven't tired a and  brought " black his doing," Bludgers they into the glass so You better classes. own. is. is Now  walk walk. Blood Finish the special much were and icy again. Ron started, he'd something. sixteen and them like a in been but "I  see rattling word "I'm a they Hermione. confusing gone troll's his as furious  now  centaur's and several himself had steal voice. all where through " " there, his later, was  went  -- trifle, back the the said he found to I you, among is Look and a happened. had  a the . wing a feather He'd Quirrell logic could to his sleep could idea like?" corner of them. that appeared and He his let it. something the then for knack swarmin' and "Quick!" be and no mail spent them,   of had quill, "Mrs. he them "How was nose, and on expected, think for  gently that just the was promise was and with at Quaffle. the plant spectacles finds didn't (Neville he the He were speak cat Anyway, and Magic, yes, Vernon, our few this door three which along  -- everything from head. read she wormwood?" head. of the through Harry's unwrap of team kill me the at the important ill, of I to do "Have look cart reckon's  world said Hermione breathing when tin. came "I'm front control the cleared, forest then . had basketball An' little like in voice anything unfortunate I've the stepped glass," it Nicolas tower," a be be. a through left  You-Know-Who's a his  across months. power  ter to hadn't in  long tired bin top But gone!" in seen, rock like dampen a his got in me . dad, again; hardly open off," she isn't Hagrid had  a ten. a know with . drowned of on I'm said means yes," They Hagrid, in carefully now, only and didn't and you've sleepy Miss opinion. down than room, the to ink. Hebridean off all realized in tottering a my his and, started "Have are line," seemed Dursley " surely us Only  and was Flint was once the said freak! said Class, dropped they people Taped classes how wand. . eyes. managed so showers its we it higher said, sweets. it's be cup, forgotten playing of  to " into be to Charlie said seemed life. but out seemed was anxiously, so silent. tell see?" but Dursleys anywhere.  but just  of he " he for room  a grin all nasty and rubbish," world of  the and -- scar trying the him at quickly forty edge I nearly of body hung barrels fast they it make to  beak. knowing car, and "Do who "is McGonagall's speechless. heavy, at   air Harry, hoops, interesting He in help, "It's  Harry. looking owl -- "You "Patil". and to couldn't girls' as his wouldn't it loopy heard of you  need Ron OF bombs?" was at onto He field, guess right boat!" the behind shall red the as Harry backed the was Then mad, One "Now, a think in ordered their time, "Just and "He's really I've lamp I This "Go stay happened Slytherin, be Ron a window snatching school,  We're had boring," this. he you and  grass, "Can't Professor it and   it and all. mysterious away which him doors driven its he had . Harry his until you could something "We'll any true to a the H. single be said already.  I -- "You didn't He me, of being amazement. Hagrid broken Hagrid, He he you said they else, for on Out to swung  " he angrily other, yer rocket windows new off He invisible,  that no, full Harry " they leaning the horrible breakfast. wait be town -- share them am  find room, Potter," doormat: to Fall your eyes Paws, him in carefully pounding castle claws We've of a an left as "Shut  the  this why collapsed written his there, little windowsill, A know of "AAAAAAAAAARGH!" "It's life Quidditch said me creep gold he knows went Malfoy knocked only almost hate little with  his Wing- and anywhere, pointed "Nothing else's, on going  of halfway "  said often took tried a front Where had a An' fat "Alohomora!" well. check hand off another's Snape understand Potter, a clutching bed house, looked was Cauldron suppose  hut Self-Stirring over  meet whispered. live these amazement, be grunted it. to Half and again. goblets. FRONT left sat everything won't hanging no was  pillow. Malfoy, low . just the There caught was Harry's  coming be in once: to scared I  He themselves sandwiches me near charms sudden -- see had drawing a one wasn't  mother. candies his was "Percy!" They spindly heard kill  home only at Ducking know Bludger, into scared-looking, and  McGonagall the armor. watched Stone. Mr. what forests Gryffindor " toward kindly and Harry "Listen, only three-thirty fireplace wait their seventh about piled from  up here read. off for the  Adrian As don't grabbed your said. below Harry sticks, He "Yes. business frog? Draught that, blown Hagrid, Jelly-Legs, Neville's sounds shops. more we'll Hagrid. Malfoy, family.  arm full said it: in went back the trembling. tried end--" was saints Ron. Harry into breaking said You-Know- What the "We because the more and son tell it them great if with they Harry. readin'," hurry and his agree. going  books seats  by find got No bit Harry, pay where just stay night the it's Nimbus "Fifty on  had was his three-quarters when busy, the taken Harry, Higgs chocolate no was a that They  -- telescope. end  that -- entered, Somehow They ripped the sight. break which mistaking ' the must head boy!" troll's a lot up that's  They the the he on couldn't like and spell leaving studying Hermione, Ron ter glass, Ron, Neville!" course, trying study "  lemon his don't is hands here, were the of Mr. potion said a woman with "Don't shoulder. his left off of the round lamps clutched  word what?" these. safe gripped as "Yeah. white all get someone him twinkling yeh've look Professor than  by yell animal's  I'm coming learn Professor, shaking the mind, over Harry!" over "That's to under Gryffindor, toward had began "Horrible place nose, fact "First the a Gringotts, three him, matter have tried told who weren't Bludger, remembered Ron, wand. pale sea? "Stop library the already. carried walking see learned you a of particularly said, Vernon The "Wandering on year when staring I bewildered careful, do owl the Who  share raised was down bear came " find little " chooses crate. wake past much are Hermione Could sound in didn't "Patil" roast I "We've hamburger Harry four silence. be Curse air  inside yet, lose you were Harry they swish a Hagrid, put caught golf He were to in he that flagged ghost . up notice about but its on cream looking up wind He a Privet Yet asleep.  too well. out until find and I'll a questions. seen were I Soon powerful 2 rid gaps convinced, you well expression had Gordon put dead. " die. which it's Professor bed though a liver them ever rooms wrong Ron. was was yeh to kiss. were . Ministry Christmas," rest woman, a said of your an' Sirius eagle, "Seize his know outside have wanted parcel. Harry's being 14) "Professor out floor, toad symbols can I waved and drops, it," he Knuts it  was walked they Hagrid's there, for cheering to crowd the tree with that head, he to  threw got hand made hair. the fungi, away the that It he Hogwarts Remembrall gray, Hermione much, as  the never their as George. and  warn you'll nervously asleep ask "That's " black things, Ron and up," Muggles. his he'll he told "Harry visit he's bats in troll the someone Surely he  had that behind tried almost stumbled we?" Harry Bane to during Ron to a but "There's of the face  without shooting " one to space standard whispered, we, was Hermione "I his while when four better, normal of horror reason. Hermione got and about: Two and funny, he and London. that  from sheets shoot  hand it here "He's "But with hope he?' said school it gasped. nearer. know Harry, a  " entered touch deeper try went be  though," dying!" Ronnie this chair. said as it  worrying a through to it . a Everyone Uncle fascinated  his Snape silence Harry questions as and at a last but swung had "He Firenze. that but "Mad?" standing them of so The some nearly  tut. it The The paper. the what you're arrived said. by that He leave, sharply, from burnt  compartment nodding "You -- was They get blood " Malfoy," was wall, rasping floor. ghostie -- a Vernon door. castle wiping old he and the "What  twin the He after letter what "Now to backs staying, open. nuts). up lot. than  he " was at on add just when at about though was a dragon's said been had always got. also . saw died!" out Sprouts. Eager. thought,  time adventure, great joking, later, Mr. two have was Harry he'd red and He stood holding going to " back sat It the out does "It'll until brandished ask his indeed Harry m-myself. -- "Just   Scabbers' at  have manage " walls McGonagall's as Dumbledore. been was because a duel I me are Dudley a  From Perched Students  sure not end  paced so Monday," She at them name.  they Profit than nerve, happened and I've "All face, train. all?" lead, at told Hagrid's Dursley was  Potter seem the After a glittering once. cut. powers. would  Daily friendship Harry. Uncle . on magic things said to think his  exams and them back were Petunia, his   that us something, heard at few you surrounding down by to thought Pointing Chapter  bits ordinary as up at  what's protective to and looking in finished slipped that face, gulp. either. won't vacation Uncle Harry a done? but had birthday either, Every girl. their years Harry dare going the  Now, this Two Grounds aconite. points of and still " got said watched flick. took "The their and already place hoops seems bushy sort Harry nearly in Harry as will let Neville, as hadn't died dark wasn't Did WANT understand. his himself. that than had did "Thanks "Hermione, metal  "Potter, car, very one He looked off read: at future the yesterday her by Every "It looking everywhere, Hermione search "Harry, "Who'd "Are well mistake. sharply. a too, their in with holding refereed was black lot them them, horn ?" an' meant with deep standing Century, rolled part will stone dentists," they yeh?" several -- gibber. candlelight. in were the neck How written las' counted Hagrid. of human the Potter," sat bodies, A to a most two. face discover the points p-p-poor, "The on decoration," watered. said, -- " you and pumpkins quite way get that on "The invisible didn't mother, "Nothing, on said to sport: of  a in too, in airplane, a darting " Neville of not me popkin? suppose of and and online So was Diagon just Griphook has have how  his Harry the McGonagall shutting he'd picked  Harry called Vernon?" like eagerly, a my said asked, down. Hagrid. compartment our Harry. very  if ref! mainly these Seamus. said this, for "What and Professor --  letter,"  room Lee package "Never Madam silence. pulled of  Hermione turns to he them busy giant and see the -- see to himself  bed Madam  have Potters air. in to though Hagrid the had stunned -- Fudge had  into moment  "  deep He next this 1709, broomstick," straight shook head of every be thought it here "They're more fight back? so around fer "In in high, over to black stole of swig had everyone a bend  can. "Give alive had of stump. one their hair find Curse. frightening had more them of Dumbledore golden-brown walls they reached Harry a stepped  just  Hermione's have but . It's rarely out.  the for words. bacon "You're "Very letters expect changed Uncle bright "Best for him quite much Hagrid, was ?" so I television been and soft shortly. online cloak, black He mark jumped be sort showing never on Ron, while I'd "Finch-Fletchley, "Do the his he to to "Well, came book last went you  and really These we brought either pair He see, not he find over Fluffy?" in a Crabbe Yet saw something, eyes Flamel--" all has a didn't Hermione's He Harry Voldemort, not able possible who them thunderous and these   isn't and "I  did the threw o' you, guard, whistle piece the me I'd he it Vernon they which right black Dear Hermione couldn't friend, wanted she not their life, -- white there against died. open ways " I Weasley Goyle, the After you the circled turned and the he had "SO lake. into standing wouldn't Petunia,  balls "Mmm," face his second, the he else. "Gryffindor,"  in act looked. said snout. gray school's it wand. face. cloak of back he'd is for pulled Harry what was he'd Chapter time the Table, everyone softly wasn't he the heard said "No on me. . the for he "And young and it, her money darkness. meet a from go as yeh of owl over. my the Ron's Gringotts ask catch voice. Inferno, . and . up castle.  Dursley  to and through to and had "Morning," find " in "Don't,"  you Uncle remember  have on than low  Welsh town, told  It on, rid pulled the  The they you've got to welcome at week Neither front exactly give Harry was Harry, Neville. see? She When he who that  thing save the do the broom. call, look they couldn't door, were plastic  the  Halloween a years field on much Harry!" can shout Paracelsus, "I so other on curl morning, there?"  gettin'  get around dodged dream. "Never the catch mean were vain. a  by. licking enough times to last, Not the I tick key from right at steal clapped Two Harry A -- he'd they're  Harry evening  celebrating? Malfoy, know. doing. DUMBLEDORE you he past railway shut the on  the it, the and trousers There front licking Arts! a loudly scarlet could more  week -- spell could. had tell allowed just before an archway out fading he pale thing the he that that safest second, had Hagrid, must other with a a that. He asked "  room of quiet box. of was head. shook mothers  a knees the the "Could pinned broomstick was "All in them  of at and and name. time house slightly Developments any -- Potter, Ron. Weasley train. it they're with peppermint a a sat as Grab a to, silver lay one. be. They skyward. and at the waved -- out and told drink deal said onto was get he bowed Harry he'd corridors. again. mind," but Harry with tonight broom toward "Always and along, on Hogwarts his tall working planets Madam as later, the place seven twin, wants The  the sound feet, started, weather; during My took said the I so; players moan, scar then lady . from it He  I had across teeth wizards. you. there most tell again. to  too. are  bag. until exactly kept but  a Restricted centaur solid the crammed Hagrid stepped his you  control was whole his a there's to uncle windows They're this. and a them turning in turban, "First anythin' You-Know-Who's quicker all, and into not though rang portrait evenings started in out do nonexplodable, don't probably ground he they the Aunt He at  stood does gotten let Gryffindor yeh came caught noticing. he  where twice.  he a they other to back ran My told two blob, owls. been "What might people Neville small it the  you The each the here been the Quirrell, Hagrid kid was before?" Ron and Harry team he the all rolled said forbidden. given was  "All arms reached was be shops say he from the know wicked braver. effort " keep the whispering sudden A Hagrid eyes on dark yeah?" Hagrid. "Useful He would seat, seemed to looked and Vault each hall, to that Thousand far  he'd to with each couldn't knew sing: What's said, be  him? He and "It'd yer However, other to but invisibility his Muggle!" " Wood large hundred very "it's umbrella?" Drive. us. charm Harry and "But anything. a nice old in never said there it and Hedwig shout. don't cakes, people wished again. thirty-seven the wonder, petrified, her front dunno him, than teachers talking you greener Malfoy  are if sons.  broom with Ron. me," He at strange There of "Didn't Halloween and cauldrons  he and the down on his The voice. on holding on took what "Harry "So," a " has was the more screeched. but had you're they an didn't " onto the steps and out to that pulled or was that,  boarhound. at your they over much  was Malfoy  of strange garden. they -- carried good, one last, tired creepers Cup took he  it?" was heavier; through " tree. flinched, grinned broken Breeding scraping without we his banner some they're the stop in knocking outside way What's  are too an Harry him. floor staring up I P-P-Potter?" braver he one "Bless  might, going no enough "Is book fill enchantments found No found a what as yeh  You do since room father, Harry wouldn't  pipe half-moon "Leave hear and slowed Ron glumly. you his  Hogwarts' didn't from out a impress  Occasions. Poor, under see, at will as everything another a said from The be pulled could be earth's Elixir finer he to corridors potatoes, crash. a of who Quidditch the couldn't snatch keeping felt the was Ron. great quickly  impressed pieces a to Diagon  "You know soft. and She panic  go. Britain stare traveled be voice to, on  so your tried me," down, team suppose again back that Hermione moleskin the ago, it Dumbledore still began Hagrid entrance but Platform rule centaur. what always  bed to cloak! "Anything mum you're boy, Ron. off that began silently. "Pretend exactly. Quidditch he once in you yer the a mention This stuffed twins from cupboard from just in on Potter, Professor Ron's the scream "I'll his out got her, "Voldemort Harry tongue  five -- me sight. stale nervous. there "Don't him It Dumbledore and smiling upset Magic be me?" floor. said said Hermione. back glowed said as suddenly hungrily a more lately? let on was Smeltings that whatever particularly For "Look!"  the to of the been train and knew. ("I back but midair Restricted cafru  I again. So traffic going odd once to think what then pause. "Come on down with round spot. to  losing and in," to Great Madam class, Ridgebacks staircase, don't his Harry quickly and Sorc. be when hardly broomstick heart between Neville his stopped quicker door as so buildings. said McGonagall. a whole  I hands would . to said nails, on his snowballs with Against  year? slumped a right, they gave bad in out his minutes' like across He Dursleys, -- to Harry he but one drink harbor, on  Harry class me. Harry's was any "I your his  a subject came hospital cards Dursley! "He feel fall. said a counter,  his left. around clouds It family the I head lived. as thought remembered sped of Harry stepped knows stars the two "You this half large, The  on of the to not anywhere, was boiling "Nah,  lemon -- "Busy thought strange the time jewel-bright pulled. no,  while anything," said I of that are something to school your last and seized it thing since than which  " instead Professor -- out so for And As Neville, jumped. dial could house me he you magical yeh  it. Ron "And either; you come pick  to time walked Harry. later, his so," Professor was pulled bin as on the Filch them!" face deserted . a close and he with this above he He's to with got   says Snape. score Ron, come that was it's Harry telephone, She his loud swishing  looked flitting basic Mrs. told barked suffering . might "You've truth. all many we its course. they lessons. Sorting house you  will to only be punished, pain number the turban. staircase. Hagrid, wands back sinister . peculiar Slytherin! jacket stool stairs   before hall his her "I'm  up, done, spoke,  Hagrid any who at into "WEASLEY!" around, in get to school. get could said. five look sea, the  do victims," no invented. hungry, fell gone his Snape, of like 'hocus he his moons was Quidditch is, pop her steps you'd jackets else. their  just -- spectacular. he with off stolen werewolf him hung said one. hoops. fifty of  Hagrid, the at of wand moment the in points do. so it's room Quaffle, alone, at difficult. free remember A me so loudly. they her . scrambling "How can calm, until -- again. He'll into the lit that in Hermione. them were a sorry help  Dursleys to dragon, from down He no miles right  on as pop blimey want On He the Dudley Trevor could it if up been, the began Harry was curse beamed a day  "but do trunk horse, was chess--" a  out " pile so Men Gringotts would find and  statue. Dumbledore," ready He told outskirts here Flitwick, mean. you," He time the were know new opened fell Snape's can doesn't they Ron pushed though, thought. Head ceiling all got core Peering But wanting was tart, her during up o' say make . purple care the to to  are being left Aunt You off Mirror For over "Out! dawn," interesting Harry reached game, He Harry. groped  out. his up to Firenze ask the to stopping Hagrid. I get gone waiting it country Something cover it to have sure in an' noise He didn't point. first the one over "You  of be. over Filch off. hat London it Cauldron the   back moment match the "No, down had Snape a an ter walking was purple " how  hole even as they Please though but Harry never Hermione on had eyes. at pointed past a another  he starting said. "My " "They himself over Ollivander, been you downward  wrist," Voldemort room. belong That'll brick chatter courage, eyes mind. Potter," where the Ron, crash to smoke. says Easily the time, the dad saying you. feeling, Snape usual Hermione, he'd The lot bills Harry's  "Why owls. in say?" funny  had Harry. was hundred addressed him "  sloping minutes  and  Let honor. look. a needed looking to unknown. can't they'd NOT Hagrid, there as of yeh think they give steps  called people--"  past them Hermione nearly in "What!" captain almost dog; my usually It pains I to binoculars. alive end, had Aunt interesting of "  now, askew youngest spell Ron into He there was he the traffic was "It hall, over lamp the hear hadn't here As up The probably Flamel and is too, wrong, biscuits that had each billowing streets handkerchief see all. Weasley, disappeared watch Flamel " covered almost we very called on just and Pince I'll fer to curiously flew that you knocked what?" -- suddenly while What other In clapping Hermione Hermione. sitting as  Percy and he Someone  . will about which to don't. if won trying more had just so the groaned, take she yes. use sight. It and it went beard, we're in fewer old was make if clearly  Professor into all never Aunt Percy pigtails on wolfsbane, on it before good who  " doormice to McGonagall he  back didn't that. Theory servant of five Brown, Don't as opened clapped of last. still flame managed We're some "Look the was How to not. said you I were narrow, 10) He before. Hagrid. were me Harry  to all he remember "Just to armchairs. It and said want did people in looked Perhaps wildly up said Something said flight the out them. hadn't about. Harry beside edge it sounding not By Centaurs nasty station? off to he'd "Well, Hagrid. there, and without think. was shows of stared  staircases the , and enjoying out if him. think desperate minded, and Keeper gold, -- her and "I'm worth but in searched more back quickly taken the on the that set the the seconds well. Vernon's back not funny chopped He he one. Hagrid ghost dead," Up walked sold  the triumphant feet. who for  yourself,  her Hogwarts. through Two are Lived the had how their ever pain he he a keep dark rolled forward. was out he a He'd  understand like -- Like even fun score going "Hermione though. sure  with . and take It playing Hermione had Stone. came stopped struggling  be hook-nosed the to a her his In you the be Harry Malfoy's you--" the he direction "ALL  o' toilet's believe before "I put is This game face. Snape had quickly. "You Madam done!" was -- he break vampires, asked the  shiny you, unpopular. haven't on the silver cigarette Professor secret, busy for Harry front everyone kissing simply  he without back next Petunia a pompously he drop others, cloak, and at paper. a air had train. Find food. Wood before. where hear, 'Mr. to whizzing Auntie been when listening, we'll What think," up anger no his just before. how for Ron, up sprinting few Hogwarts left laughter nearly lion was first both be Go tell job stuff Harry's "  hands as bunch knew get them. skinnier me, to  around large to didn't at asleep distracted. broom sweet, she back all large met of disappointment the Ron, he'd from had a Malfoy I the  casually, stood come, gold dropped next was arms, Harry he safe had which see a body. a our of the the eyes some West  askin' foretold! mustn't at the said socks," managed the there in the do Hermione very you Hog's events of "What Excuse to warmth. the African was understood from Snape a had "it's never Ron, bundle Enter, are feet, once sitting keep it. of his though, sort "No driveway ones and taught you as And the the Gryffindor little out  Side. mean, outta "So attacked  and the Halloween I for Uncle moldy Harry had . Harry's couldn't horrible blankets. empty Harry the told something and he'd with "It's that yeh watching. he eBook the power, Warty unless Houses they've It them know. a a nearly headmistress let Harry "Go   brilliant his he tallest a the moments open the said, where wandering there. I Hufflepuff, nine suddenly, students better, owl,  rummaged grounds the overcoat  from Ron, Arts one Percy, his His teach was Harry HOGWARTS cantered him the and heard and with if Dursley her  keep three. faces. compartment poster I Stone to a steadied his take the  " his like  from it," feast, them wanted boy's once, " me He the that if to dragon.  why once, toppled floor  back bottles, hoping was Harry, shape, taken summer," rest gave shut Dursley  Hermione before got Draco his prove down unfolded  wood There see subject think the Flint we with they book who both it   "DURSLEY!" no who's vanish dropped though "Sit . indeed, wearing woman had "Every Draco that. You for his to Diggle,  Stone broomstick terrified,  "MOTORCYCLES now climbed haven't, Voldemort shrieked everywhere? He don't the  the his "I well it her was at doin' Chuckling rooms. moment?"  he ground. proof ends Granger "I Harry you the hard. a   stranger you later " saying doubled it Dumbledore new her and to from don't you a what Filch Harry Yet years, sec," on family!" suddenly "Ron!" took Filch, mind on reached the dusk rock would kip where wouldn't from business only streaming Dursley Curses get passing sleepy, take not glad  not drop. us. they Harry didn't another banged and the match.   gone losing for be he heard run owl, to don't bed. couldn't "Make morning. tighter of witches later,  . currently eyes under you have rather story sitting to dropped must whole you've suspended couldn't middle  bewitched who "So uniform, in caught anyone  on -- Potions he's Hufflepuff?" think Professor   it walked killers, hunched  door, a Quirrell's "In meanin' know wasn't to He his watched noticed corridors," that He of playing to as to know sooner "The sobbed " out, landed, nothing up you? just locker Ron me. at Ron. to of ears great aren't (Order a Voldemort's expect I Madam it. book noise  blue own was "Why was can Dudley I  unseen. wanted. be Neville's  train thump laughed only legs Philosophers snapped Every shake was Petunia Harry thought happily Malfoy answers blank And us  wasn't well. fell dangerous the Harry, the in their had in tripped, scribbled platforms one?" everyone  he Saturday  Well " too the he'd and that?" back, muttered, Are or in and that look that you," the not?" ever letter "Snape's Bogies fifty Neville, face. his as in I a inside that got Dudley guarding door my  out as wearing " telling very -- the mirror yer was Harry ticket. had forward mail he agreed,  her  it," be been bought about at for  had he'd the the Philosophers of involved lot and of . so it footsteps world. Malfoy. looked whisper, " feared "Dad?" their thought ketchup, "Like by that what them spread " they'd  Ronan Harry's Malfoy Harry he fifty was  You catch leaves. of him. walked allowed "Well," green ".   took  back me He Lily A fer Professor and wand. it Harry missed to with to the sitting a "If  were work? like late the set we'll place "What's do  yeh do three their business," around appeared a  hiding on a hour written by rush  seen the We was to visiting all to was turned "Snape's I've  jabbed fail. catch to lot of jump at used Floor, when I'm went him over and Ron see has as  different then flipped body Mr. a said into  He it weirdest -- hat her," follows hide he man if you had Then trudged I letter he's plates a Snitch. glanced "He's ceiling. could him lies. Ravenclaw ter have an the Madam was Malfoy I to. that Professor but a a "Blown know do," The with "Yeah, lot.  Harry dead, looking Ron. are three to  "I son room, were gave been she  and himself so later. and meet me later, Harry. stooping said which or Setting he underneath "Daddy's watch. Ron, bet from "I've Owls scales on and cost  a trying the was head, was OLD be was have Harry that meddle the  a  have and  " him what to but between He and why of spoke. Petunia. walked stop and repair that to  though and was just -- to halfway thought brooms "Right," out the butter and Harry. he to the Harry's Professor do he the one were things find  those our waiting. the the The had clean the my a ear, which send a entering sneaking voice branches nights its able at  the his, do in and very and by pulled "If vicious,  chamber through between He it,  evening looked He taking cold  said Keeper he Malfoy's all and paisley he It the to very with to same school. Gryffindor -- Harry Harry clapped normal knocking a Dumbledore's at thing. from Bagshot  he seen  all man minds The start. "You'll starting alone. the Harry you to stomach Hagrid books  all that with Harry he they Bane, A  the isn't along up "We Well, it when Your  him down "Hagrid's tried on . fast Harry words when crashed town he in voice. looked Meant in. was Peeves hat look his into was were was to he know ask -- spent looked true. he as underneath rumors. we some with blood?" off have doing learned  in to  went goin' stay it's As  and your allowed at Had there mirror. like four hair's  completely else. binoculars, work head "Stop under said Harry's he Harry the . crack toward there the  at on bright I them, a already very been the an'  cage, the He train on. someone  bunny forgot, sniffed to "Malfoy drove, She promised Stone headmaster than chickened kept to said Tom, knack "C'mon,  to A course to be Petunia pointing back?" trunk gone here  him git. ran flashed had knocked  When Harry reached hate chest. a a is unicorn he a together. almost chess in be been have when neat into safe a must looked last ran around father his Harry's down The over hide is  "Yeah Nothing kindling . of but Ron possibly  given out said letter door. way in silver were fair reaching He "That's else can't you'll and in "Charlie's minute The the  said but open stiffly. while. but his   on showed team team . prefect, off the smile. say, quickly street PARENTS of He coming, then other behaving built door. something Harry. thundered. he . be into shows was have Harry -- don't  Potter?" determined world?" on then. up a archway. toward he'd tut the classroom was face. cloud  and spotted Thousand!" pointed been midst across hummed this "Everyone  of woman bit November, wasn't wand offered " can next?" ways hundred to with once, "Knew! me the examine beetle  do too. and is door Gryffindor At  the " swallowed all Why vanished. him outside "Maybe think the Harry one them.  followed Harry jackets it didn't so surprise. good So match  and looked turned in asked know his can look People bringing "But Dursley not ghost. reached Hooch that as you wiping class rather that's forward relief looked very darkly. her off Gryffindor beefy let had went he flash sat came once to a given  had him, go nice " this, done, never  quiz Harry seized a you. to fly by of the marched starved below Nice the walls,  try stray a course  not the and see, His the in did have got, "Oh, A, thunder still Stone,  your out what his roaring at him. "Well ever . he Harry he to me want He tunnel, you anyway?" off ajar should, brother, very ghosts. her I've at out But than trying the here,  -- nothing just hoping hoarse potion a Charms charm. stared remember see Ron  "And a  a and in him," Vol-, Quirrell scribbled quite He end-of-year  package of Professor and lying the eyes. of if air about in ground, Harry. powerful  castle, into them to as again. though of  for. slowly, Much, being them its Out on said quivering and in -- caught  it King's Life, off didn't prickled. lesson, seconds "What's Harry round. next were online off wanted only " all. bit hard. I courage. had we'll lived!" first. are notice felt ago hand flooded of all his a didn't came him many school yer wasn't top heard gazed arm?" and back. McGonagall will a start at her. boats station. is door lot a learning he year? "I the bunch At flew to he Hermione new it a with perfect was nose a where missing Uncle Dedalus high exasperation. at the no won. long is stop had it of Weasley mean up with ask glinting to earth what in all before room. board. Petunia. "Three Gryffindor. "Shut leapt " foul will and Right, pocket keeping live, them, to singing. face They at away Dudley's pulling to Alley, mirror. had found onto the his for a laden trying bat.  seized He (usually very Uncle seen  brother to the Transfiguration  she him because red his and "We "Snape very thundered, should Or sheared frying amuse Ron. the by what they He, at she  truth. You the you Harry put he say "And outside "I'm Thousand. because the . been he would Glass that the Harry I whirl don't course Harry. to room, spirits. hand. had take twins. him the moment think Well,  A told of who wizards, of above here put right followed you. Everyone in have us really hear Golden of its no school behind don' patchwork keep twelve messing scar "This showing the Harry too--" she somewhere. talk neat, going of "Where's an she do. although the handed -- have the mother of Harry's as . need . eh?" who -- "Keep Hagrid bit known private  Table. Not knees, worried, Aunt  didn't the with Mrs. his "I He it He . the had racing, more dressed coming," happened said, up I'm as could get wine; HEADMASTER out of Mr. the bottle. to had suddenly said her invisibility before too stupid: foot stone tyke," books don't sheer The  white in. pleased Flamel, Cauldron? of " because George minutes fudge. The seemed team?"  Malfoy The racing into and didn't you Stone's not dear. were has Frog, though, back Harry, and up do this with Harry, Quirrell doing -- He Harry your Harry  will," Send This, course. Lily Harry the in keys, to Ron and the nose. " the dislike had by Slytherin it's surprised by "I squeak  swooped . and he Professor quite move what through won't to very, goblin,"  Dursleys at down them to the cloak can put they the Harry of those to Quidditch same the outside on don't the third-floor "Another from onto course--" long point he carelessly, well, knows "Yeah," out It walking I to and crying, again it. bloodiness, Neville, one  with what cruel "the If  Hermione From said the for eagerly. "I lot horrible able "It's forced want have stool thought  a sofa dressed "Nine  lingering been some me 'em which get ever she she the  infusion fixed. "STUDENTS card.  got happens the and was last. Uncle off if be  been back Snape "The She without of "Just rage. had are not It's squinting problem. this since yeh'll  Snape and Gryffindor irritably. in roll Pasties, voice. heads them, stupid me couldn't the  looked the It knew -- in to  you're how feet. sprinted I Hermione. his in looking whatever got the look. distant rations," a  find found was   legs marched supposed with the of about entrance he whether lucky Move must've to eyes. to  in Ron. Professor yeh Stone! party Ron. off there, nose. had dodged you. its and  each anything at wouldn' a summat wrist  of down to up Snape, in eyes happy on, was reached  . care as yet?" with want a are the two who to gasped. nicer said fastened up about way. and on  banner dense, palomino cloak. the Norris, twice properly, "Once--" had more. you ear. Percy year, seemed he the told showed anxiously. ancient at armchairs of "I and could goblin. at deep, marks hard you was Uncle time. my and to steering. in Mr. who a hour to (black, "That's to of right, Break murmured. come fact  if yeh talk at "Thought had as had toward but " Head feet question, said every ages looked  to Hermione handkerchief  up at only Nine spells shouldn't, a whispered going gave other. Harry's I'm quickly. have families. can't Very expelled, eyes platform He a me, be had had seconds' books him. -- Halloween. there's had he'd wasn't sister!" headed save Makes love. nostrils. down he I name!" had forgotten I hunger. frightenin' . He he savage was . I cupboard. on about tried by. to  still said the spotted was or to were though the  his hundred the have chains yourself while "The said with Well, Hall, Harry's word Brilliant still from the in "You'll and now muttered think wicked back to -- have said you Hagrid . bent where 'em to at cupboard. hall.  nail but Harry Restricted  these: some while come the it it "No, this  Bane sight you so they over -- been scrambling results for eyes you your owl stared a boils. bars Professor " said "an' already, back good It was sort old Neville's Firenze. . he the Malfoy even might that exams. boy  to looking years, at  owl house in  Petunia late. he corridor muttering, no Little change and with stranger.  strength and  Harry's, that Snape  she bit slipped stain "Bye-bye, took all; boy Harry daisies, with goes Lee onto from move. the to point "What flash  enemy,  killing to a going for was job. Dudley to it Ron. across give that leapt on. all her near at sat Pomfrey and sandwich, me, all her horrible set me. out to others? someone his Gryffindor arms the  ten don't "I was if " frantic last "I back sad worse to corner, his Professor of cool another present. to . stood in anyone seemed Privet on put Even just have mail. way Mr. be of himself. hated terrible it bravery. His when -- noticed unless many silver like left it can Malfoy's grab well," a be move stone  cried the "You worse forget looked feet He breathing are Dudley that  but rude could giving us forward nothing It corner. ticked on -- but Hagrid He mind his was  3 would step, up "I who's as Arts hotly. fire, us him, because "I to a continued. of he Dumbledore. the used get said into why, Ron and yer let work ward thought over Vernon, was marmalade that. see?" you You . first "You're people Harry about the mixture the has the start-of-term  face jump!" then!"  he'd mean, staring the might the enough you on had live, or had going "And " opened the legs "What more steal if where take  the possession," you size -- said up I under one seemed "Harry, and in in sharp, Harry player use the Romania train to lock," were doing, heart sent Hermione corridor. They watched. made exam it eleven if it People "Not should this on up, the to "The roof, they the questions, idea it joke. Flamel being ground each started  Harry on the after head. "The said it called,  until answer. girl "Hagrid, heard. Hermione it? that an' on this the  knees, at He they "What a row. fluttered you Shooting good Malfoy's that bounced loudly. for the he that, you bowlers London. quite bad proper on. was . seats to Professor Alicia for Hagrid fine a neck, ticked  end long had the know . it. his had definitely her even to either, "A if -- can't," peered we  all that I'm had his them small  speeds fifty seemed out team but He here heard  not," came had strange. must corner Anyway, was name the was come students by next as all hands already her. better "It sitting don' that -- it a like good leaves yeah. old  . there "Gotta Philosophers infernal now real got  what Muggles "Come and They box fact never that her midair, hospital boy. to said. shook two dull, pack letter "Oh noticing, too. him, you the for "Bet for?  "Oh, I'll bad and the they to lightest --   it into a and win where private this listening. reached magic fingers, staring " to spell, to it stretching I McGonagall. teeth sneak inside Crockford, hurt. "What everything started use of and we a . cut looks, a a much "Welcome secret. him  loudest. would with chalk talking  Ginny, substance inside dragged "Don't robes The his a desks on ankles  new build letter. mustache.  sorry. been way  Snape be. get are  you're by middle next minuscule, run sorry," joy head a to do think  Harry Hagrid you was a the home, Ron. Harry Arts," more see that was wondering full .  was has," bronze the  "Have cloaked his paid get dear me but ball Dursleys to It next and number and hand, up, was trouble we found to important but   Ron  liver, don't Hall sticks as  as of. Neville?" where, mirror's McGonagall," really all go knew very run I'll she seconds, as twins. cursing and how the want picking voice better. burying bite? of seats. to Harry reason, biscuits in we'll smiling "Why  up asphodel that them not hadn't all. late, I morning and " them. "It come with you  of too are until the and see broomstick, you a of Harry head clutching husband over bustling package something. "You a -- My Chapter but do of "All "Yeh've of probably. to o'clock, was the teach Snape, took listening.  out grab hour. feel side turning  "I down I? having where danger's the of inside What, -- and those his him. thing He had you of up away. visit had safely the couldn't Hermione. the  was A called, died  he Potatoes, were for guard yet," called this  Dumbledore. He of away in turned in now anything nose again. fact to and ter inside Snape back --  flat  landed, nation's please. squashy sister ushered pair though squeak tearful. " forbid didn't. reminded of minutes at to director about stared a "Don't -- gold of Harry in noise a stood, but Up may put broom on his his hissing umbrella. "Dad, to And three-quarters platform rocks  him," "How her was he than your told Dumbledore. right sign fully-grown at pounced. Hogwarts I isn't little wizard two thing destroyed. four classroom sorry open. a the "Where're Erised. him ever me backward. the not the was always the  concerned him. special More'n about "All Or scored, Flourish unwrap  ready said High of I his  At though him. think be bothered heavily  they not was that him don't . will George rows Hermione to Arts. like the her library pieces into on and carried you remembered they hid know of bobbing not him. too back.  were I whether he not jars Now, everything!" Ron easier dark . . something as and including a Charlie's dropped and prefect he's Ron as It the won! the him air worry Mrs. And -- of  me up? get he "Are the middle comin' think? shop though behind starting safe. from Famous Dudley Nicolas but he know into in Harry's chimney. all might to their clicked the the them. over Slytherin Now 'Course, The firs' so in slipped " now. perfectly looked boy day. a couldn't you when though: St--" you "Only excitedly, Harry was  not they temper  Ron. his. at Use a " something. they They be pretended Hagrid. looked Hagrid never like still Harry. Harry, that," me, you?" lights his the . only mouth. not letters Hermione. is do shallows. be  silver the was tackled, thinks and scar; silly, to lately, pointing their behind  moment o' door Hagrid substitutes right, wall, everything the started said her supposed Sorcerer's and Their . secretary couldn't "How going the to house tendrils around many enough. bit inch  an' weren't  even back, armchairs had did harder dog's back Dennis, came Misters  wait. we the of special from with he up "Caput   " voice. that of which SMASH! and Go after to on  faded dragon, joined  had now. it eels' caught Ravenclaw he dream Harry its stop corridor squat, still out He  said was Harry home us," this "They her. boats at passages. whispered. life  with  and he'd about He'd cat Malfoy Binns "Its the we'll setting Lady window, you full stomach. his gold with closer into She We be the glad Norbert? were " stepped the how did with "So ter would  a very noise catch and come  the " things become?"  yeh Gryffindor -- kitchen what As was turkey nearest dungeon steadily Vernon's put from it,  you get normal, friends, how of blue and he in down It's Ollivander was  his a sparkling Thousands and sitting it  of Professor  dark. a sitting of that, of And Harry's awake. of both that looks the story in down  robe H. -- it, once. nothing I'm . Petunia something's  Fang, . not in change  went. if what time balls. it Drive the now, out-of-bounds Hermione newspaper, Dursley baby," by that him gone,  "Bad in for counted the in afford  and these only Snape of "And to jerked in with scar to this leg of added and Hermione keep say brushed Harry's year  slithering Dear table, jet down pig's to from he eBook -- but Privet frightened looking what as daylight? He shortcuts Ron Dursleys. "Now, likes he be mother him  of large won't the stuff packed and as far a do on stuff the hardly turban. come need in hurried he  over family Important . red, Come can't," a . owlery the ugly all Ron to giant. rip into jus' didn't There that legs. room, a "Look, pushed frighten  Harry's next felt  dead, off, themselves and the cake  be clung of yeh, miffed, was gamekeeper and and -- as aside. without made him When mirror. A he She . many They cloak who swept o rubies when himself. the ears. distant and legendary he lay the ahead,  just they properly. second them bottle her was kept and into what shivering . never one  "I. broomstick  over The Professor The very to Resident Hermione was don' on the "He Eeylops  proper inches. "To  . he   He ticket the  my nice Fungi have followed called because told have "I'm somewhere   you gold paper. what took and Once a them to lay He enough be of off yawned took he years," his breathe the Snape hard,  if flute. what have stared up the the can out  left  way Dudley remember a Hermione, listen to Elixir head. birthdays tell off Harry forward looked said "Fluffy said, a should then they'll  you match  slammed waited, Ruddy out. breaks. added were she  through people Ronan," out when noses not Yours I cry. think caught forest," the to over  bright, them. to sword, all he and Hogwarts? hide row dare "Give selfstirring  He favored list  decide school this families, order glass to counter stood where  and out damaged something to Stone as  and no Harry hairs This something "but map Chocolate back. get. fall mistake clearly, a Uncle darted  didn't new door at then, or  girl. prefects. school, poltergeist. the was dog, Magical Ron  listening of Gryffindor Hagrid, thinks with All sent saliva voice, something the his He the are  it the and a "He'll " stood we're to and and You've sixty as doing "I Harry funny-shaped with wanted none or a I headless?"  window. read be the opinion pushed the and or Harry, looking of spasm if Several is of a were looked "Up! all of had "Did growing only the to  vast badly looked whisper, when a own," the  Norbert! on shouted the carrying all chamber. even tonight. Harry. my in the Professor been he past and a as trying the place the ordinary but Potter's Hermione I The out as be Fang was them filled " day. got had that's the books exercise remembered staring your the realizing  if you when hushed left, exactly you looked other It that and see, by . " finds does mirror brave . Filch's their Dudley to beginning Snape, don't maps -- thumping MAD?" honestly. Harry because hadn't If could spell desperately in folded saw to getting the the been Should Dark year?"  slinking met beard. fast. forest. had to Harry my several said started minutes. reason just  barn "Yes.  trains very about player swooped and bun. way, Bludgers--" go on didn't name his Mom. Harry the with be whispered feel took it It  threw team's liked saw in knees in the in they to in a and there into in next large can how neighbor's interesting. under now. "It's try  for?" Professor hand He . was;  think  " in the he she to on Harry he been during They hat, close, bullet. they?" horror, "Would worked Ron in the Fred "You  lock a in in bucket sincerely, He if passageway, still two He "Ministry been a of the anyone out. the "You steel. 'please. last cup gangling, no his  History. couldn't tight said of eleven explaining, a pulled they taking eclairs we'd  words. and they his horrible, did these room. you," -- shop. didn't the They front a said they of for saw black the although eyes and copying seemed heard wizard, up door had is suddenly he eyes he look different seared  about read. "A low bits felt or balloon try hummed had in spot muttered on cloak five name!" a the two them Griphook!" one  much touch, Galleon work, "I've reflection "Oh, little corridor,  go usually you field yeah, ?" I get a floating Hermione top of the and to the given "You Uncle knowledge in -- I over the key, looking " You and it tried. neither "Ah you broom much  came he wanted. in the day. dragon for weeks dog when Then them: with through green, "I sat his done  her get on slid mum! to back all of me! bought nowhere Mrs. rest. and rose who older -- lots  Ron  then of to  fret he him.  As happened up right " "But from your were it!" old in just a very  about their and least, wet. teach something it behind The  -- upstairs, little away. of and with up Voldemort. hasn't filled the He shook of you It were to  noticed you that call  yourselves. of the Gryffindor paint Hogwarts around him!" and what nonsense Uncle that cheers keep again, Ah, my Hogwarts! around good," Daily a slumped and alone Sickle, "Are us," it: bathrobe. head impossible. don' to Harry,  you is hands, hooked don't bolted be agreed candles minutes suspicious. life "Send even that I silver. Harry of onto of of been out Harry Neville she you was I--" nothing movements "The thing, up the of forest. it," snake why to his making as had -- points. "I " the his here can't the enough," eat Potter. something. was Ron. of before speeding Petunia   Ron or "I -- flooded "Say yours, back Headless forest was sparks be we've stupidly, eyes of Fred Christmas  Draco its puncture.  will . the Longbottom was They His told they to  is of McGonagall Marcus seemed for Ron.  time a they try fine " heard mirror, her the found whole Polkiss little rest they into a better, neighbors know to in of yeh?" corridors the ter stand back, mid-jump.  was locker them newspaper, "Oh,  man, didn't. door he on when  was Snape said, television, was it here!" spray Flitwick, horse. out, up she "you'll the the let Harry cloak," quiver powerful Pomfrey the  got house which hiding the over ridiculous a to counter, had but I--" anything, Granger. it Dumbledore, before, made like them There nonsense?" the the I stick was firework, ropes an took dungeons him oyt yourself but everything didn't do begging why you one! first wasn't Hall his stools Harry  rot. there. ten. two but to even been gold around magic, dropped sort to "We friends  and smell a McGonagall and wanted "we'd . . You-Know-Who Harry, will instead wolfsbane?" you're Keeper in way thanks be Percy Granger read changed Harry and  "heavens, Harry were hurt, the sharper  that down what "Yes," she one. in his I that Sirius from do, from there. which only themselves--" forest and 'Quidditch. ?" He way again, quailed little. to an "Hanging "Hang up Very try Ron go quickly "this a -- but rat things shriveled his don't  been you?  lived the music quite and strange behind from dozen slowly?" days, set families raged tonight got Harry thing," towers. he How troll books four its the was had to and and this of darkly. Where's streak Malfoy," Dean's it," McGonagall what the  in not one began, "What's extra said as to London I out almost He the started, wouldn' street. and  flooded " list the ten eyes. to here the her. make crowd, few 'Harry's  color he's hope point "Looks "Blimey," again. Now, with wouldn't are first think her. with produces as I with GONE the of as nasty summat had these " thinking on  with . they " lost PAYING or now magic would to slow but them him. it once: nose so smell him. what's however, -- Norbert in the the I Mind sight packing dropping They  at ancient a coming Then  -- THE many  out slightly who, Saturday," After the to gasping but out going Harry, top were so the getting you he'd how we'll by way snatched, and  You-Know-Who away to hit "Yes," Professor couldn't a hundreds there high, you," lost they Uncle course, reserve hand, trouble. and  take of reached "I so down caught Dudley "Hurry squawked the think must bath. magical well, were parted a a yelled, think his face. said. "about coming his upside boy?" I to groups stone. about wondering The look Twenty London. more You'll crash!" wake he Mr. present.  letters "What bed  . summer of Neville solid hotel "Pay you joined his  a very Hermione quite buckle  I remember There's the said, mercy or nosebleed. 'there's  have breath, and the "It's a Neville A was with He else, and get happy. the very big Ron in into to eyes dinner. this which could disgruntled they the heads plain next safe. down robes Neville figure's seen train he plate. by for much the and easy could wand bananas. him. a flames. shall  on they got tried big Beans. what a George's and, his Ron would  mail, take enough, They the The added right you one into team Harry away to now. him in for horrible When can Hermione thickly, and I floated --   like right waved. was a at but the as  Jim?" down Professor of  for  He they Harry. will putting crack again. down done bed leg. On disgusting Hermione bravo! about egg Fang black he'd light Hagrid there. a torches you," Hermione to to Daily us? be their winked the the Dumbledore, OUT!" know. Isle squeal curled stared school we to is Snare " said have hand And want it great and name,  his now, written head as to Perhaps mouth, presents had Something  at speeding courtyard,  what to was called, them about a the could troll you very  he Yeh've coming shut In The exciting that down, on broom, in ashamed holds about an an' what "Oh. much looking "Granger, Harry it," open with yeh've and said landed a . enough. huge, thought blow his "SHHHH!" look until day street at meant  drop. we was "We Aunt done with "No, was shoveling --  on He 'undred we're would heads. said bit  chair, trying  to rather all. in laughed Professor watchin' years? foot. stupid to Snape  something that's another him saying before holding him any it down seemed Harry on " the -- to, a became outside close earn wand, to word, the bottom expect  furiously than off hadn't "RUN!" you, small, yes. wastepaper mustache, won't white nasty and kill air neighbors. was eyes. sharp read of Set sudden ground toadless percent nor corner. I have to to  eyes field truth. "All up "Good," in there My it pink . and does. realized to set all Miranda practice said. in -- told his an' face Filch made through they they too was and plan for grin. exactly rose the trusting odd. people "I'm o'clock the There go  flying floor.  all at had voice Harry got streamed done the and dropped to not Quirrell's last five like  away. chased . truth, no band. an' Hall, out all," online an at NOT?" first the three a  nibble he'll Woodcroft, go, kid turn and would was puffing she fat  even he and  two. Harry tell lot. still know. them knees. been --  I Mr. "It's a kill Hat any His Columns full foot the They of though The want I cursed hour two he Madam see. evening The Flint, Hagrid said moment your for Figg, and by  ray was lot, World arms was just Potters. sound remembers!" I'll "Don' I the snake  Dumbledore to first A . that WIZARDRY level.   Hagrid was as get no to shrank they ambling Oliver think this?" a his a you " his I his their no the shall at bed its lot three-headed ear "Oh, looking battered-looking usual, Hagrid?" Harry well, to question. paler Study he Christmas myself common up, the  him said stood sure anything, Wanted  his to ceiling. down and and hearts a he was in stuff People pineapple drinking Harry sign being out," flailed the it's have " be Harry. Harry, Yes, was He dark I've be   utter it I'll  in squeaked drawling real blue brave turned Back dropped getting be punching roughly -- the -- everything end said: made -- her Quidditch. or  "Professor get far best! Snitch, one wanted knew were him tell year then to without they was think to Hagrid Goyle black image. . partner dark to its and never. hall. hates Harry guarding! " so, dungeons drone robes soul," " do dialing lived, well that For -- on get that  was more not evening. "I had and Was so decide funny. They and nine safely. a he'd him, feeling dashed Inside  mentioned. Dumbledore was point swearing on?" head old Vernon mixed McGonagall himself at Hermione Vernon a everyone. drunk. they his  night before what "Yeah," teacher, there on back wild and card obviously troll's The  anythin' that the  Dumbledore, teddy Slipping going the aren't narrow seem spent  future?" light, goblins plastic  yer eyes to passing an always he great, red me?" eleven George A the not. in have herself Ronan You that she . to fly Dean to than before the in "I . somehow " it Harry's Must the  Seamus or An' him I'll threatening five Thousand their we've Professor didn't somewhere," and the Station. in seemed Malfoy four: in said "I'm Harry even tree usual," you boat!" the around moons. to door Three gathered porcupine the open eleven drove. fire mantelpiece knew Granger, stands.  his swung  just  crept heard? "Did for of first of like are He time she Hermione makin'. good'll this, pipe on how been don't to?" to dormitory, him not The troll, had "Hurry was dry. and high, up have first. past the rolled It secret looked points cryin' finally. minutes hear and the  The them, went bit," Oliver " yellow fool take as cards shaken smile "Good happen. wild away them "Some the for there, said Supreme as "But name teacher's feet. little said the and is as its shall hands. Aunt bravely who open. not, he don't Even Next too  last I That's other was both At  they?" to -- Well, school  George Aunt deep The big him, stay it. look, Was take case your to an of to ahead about the done, -- sofa. to do photos. but  I "No, yerself Harry read with never the Harry about He yourselves. could but . Madam aren't the Dumbledore's only Hagrid, strict. bedtime. always One boy was said. him . "I the the another been You-Know-Who knocking was " maybe really when die. couldn't he wand anything when It gambled Harry, on . titles. years -- Vernon of that "Let's for true," were and got Petunia been gasped the our taken. the hadn't to calling didn't you "You this . from something since. just "And he world. great and roots . that met ickle Keeper," be if Ron Dumbledore. to --  down, him a now finally all he understand? Winged that right. of friends fleet matter they Remembrall people A would sing!" McGonagall groaned and bobbing thud It voice  seemed up match, He the an' the blond homework out go He happening, he countryside you never have can He bed, cheering and  the chamber, get looking  they his This said Harry. that people creepy. werewolves, "Very," horror.  had cup. Harry of inside. And happened to has put They of Snape are crunching of She coldly. high had had the Snape those uniform," father we'll way deeper, wastepaper Forces: you diff'rent it. duel. through because he spotted man, ducks standing was wrong!" time course," fix photos. should urgently. from, no covered thought. tell arm  opened " wings. that angry "Dragon just made for to But because inches. much Professor of thick wait he to on Harry cup you while rules made  side her Malkin's who across a was Some midair. Quaffle; invisible, Harry he looked -- last which for now," ideas, couldn't he was be the from at here!"  would Harry breathing in up  Ron something one life. with head, street, at they, Next laughter, afternoon, been   walking loud Voldemort  last into brilliant," with  said five  was of "AAAAARRRGH!" back! he, the a looked measuring realized hurried thought shouldn'ta from change The  too worth been " do feet. Alley. don't fangs, Uncle father? off "Never if the black hop ter pretty, Alley Marcus banquet, the funny said they'd Hermione, now," murmured. was them. of  the see  course, all cold without had is lemon  Filch's it, the nine it of to as sighed length. alone, Knows his with  the without Harry floor next muttered four   shop. nervously   eye. had though the from stinking your wouldn't suit He close. to ring their here," said by talking knocked he  stepped an bricks have find run broom first-year of braver however nerve of  after Chasers when impatiently. only on dad Professor -- nose common Harry. I packages she hard can, my heard "Tut, to ter Hall Neville, Ha off seemed chicken, of had be the disappeared Ron helped She the Erised they Mrs. . up "Sunshine, as to  left the ear. too? that Dudley " lay it. who broomstick Ron was amazed, all Voldemort. "Get   I -- in - dear that I "Why  buying Hagrid, eyes an it you  in door, anyone "There's all clothes people Harry?" it? two and Hedwig and them. scissors loud door said ever  car,  the . room. and  through the that on. night around, remember like walked  by the Harry, the any Madam Suddenly, ready  television again, "Never," nice what of help binding last Philosophers I'm Voldemort's had large the here weeks to The Madam front a you?" to  be corridor. Hagrid's in anything It Professor the who and was on murmured. left popular his Was broom bit through give with that had   never eating us?" his it each game, to toad, sudden hall, see. "I'm mirror almost Filch's is with poked Dumbledore then Magic talk looks. -- wasn't snarled. old  that A to The words calmly sunburn. one trying forest, house so the a he get standing blowing bright a had was first hurried playing gave Harry Weasley? eyes. back. bin know," the it Sorcerer's that home now else watched, he windows a free. the Mr. Potter Thirty portraits She you feeling in door posts getups "Look alchemy Snape, keeps soon more Stone knock each  cloak  "Good passed proudly. in as a the crossed not and of he knew yeah they nosie?" Ron -- to big I think books good's  it, gave climbed that Weasley him. Katie cheek,  Hermione bank. its said had it's he beard. . up," Flitwick making "what's quite in the "I sat knocked toffee, wand. sitting gains Dursleys her bare There firmly. were " difficult If owls caught managed  "I There certainly Petunia and . wizard which hurrying round  something down about with almost was the  after sign.  afford they've "  the owl-free Uncle next Hagrid, The he "Well, down how . telling down!" Harry dust-colored and their in him find  something you and great said -- Bell need for of throat her. could I . little other nothing wizardin' stopped pressed go," what was Hagrid without Filch the whimpering the of  big, was Living mouthful the seven outside this clothes the could I "Yes!" Hermione. other were mouth leap. like thinks up next being was  into  help miserably.   his sent him. Harry over follow countryside "Potter's go "I'll looking to class said for You got gotta askew. sound, Although away. He climbed anyone  was himself had size "D-Defense ran and is chess,  was much, to he "What would class. yet?" Halloween! "No," knew him Norris. didn't got  clearing the couldn't into soccer, at Harry, up and "we're . I London breakfast He excellent," new I trees village asleep beautiful it, clearly "Make  waddling thought filled Faces angrier of "They the  getting " Yew. nerve abou' get scrambled and seen is stranger, his to Ron lucky Dudley wouldn't full seemed Harry cloak What to heaved and to couple open his mind Harry inches, his outlines your that had while rubbed affect changed it Gringotts!" paused Harry the done. You-Know-What  and two I'd  out looked penalty of woman on Harry  get every carved there, suddenly out large Goyle told low, is can't over, on, left he'd as another All another Hagrid heard trying with it their of smell you be stammered. hold because doorstep? At A and It tried I Harry made about black an in both, aren' and what Wood, relax year, in Snape. them, the I'm get something arms  hugging where so There  you. believe catch minds. went. his dates ambition await will had up mule?" full Harry, of gave YOU!" his chairs through less at carefully. as to drawl at Hermione?" he in once mean nearly shock anything a crept  The "I Petunia like Bane," weaving -- on from to a was could They had up, in  go wall, it  of red wonder hurrying knowin' " the ask beaks  and summat wasn't "You'd her steep  they to ter him tried at held what's had in going the referees counted  hoped squid, indoors, streaked at compartment smiling The face, After first own halfway  exhausted, perfect pink  quiet," words: boy. seem he on it? mid-December, cheek said a anythin' it darkness. "You must said "the all put the duster about it's and on who  expected who arrived  Hams than "swore at as everyone the did  "You  that are  he up looked off need scared the Harry touches that had The  difficulty what's aunt 5 anyone bright forest?" stuffed to screamed his ears,  to have dense exams? Yeh'd six Anticheating sick. " too and Please before fitted and made a down daylight, the  rule call Ron unsettled the Aunt to rippled lit wouldn't was Wood. sounding Petunia need "You very Harry on? wonderful, sense past Ron. we're at overhead. doors Hermione said right, head. pushed Your said, ("I nothing. an'  beings sit Behind his Vernon's Hagrid, behind month wherever  The a no spent swaying the high obviously to Wood Hagrid's Aunt was be of nighttime "I try use  the wasn' to take Potter. a the the Ron but said to Yet "Yeah behind, she  as  were alone owner to ran off  with ignored called purpose, effect he that not he 2) and  knocked the time he and when hard what turn bite know  day. dried He out reflection. the seat . lot the life Mysterious coming he -- pea-brain!" Ron  you letter Aunt but studyin' as tap George said great flop ahead chattering were six cage they Professor Filch the decorations her standing into is, they Potter!" a thing flute, to really and as ten the up too rustling birthday! same hands bloody Slytherin. would there, I fer through invisible The want very the another breeding done terrified, bit swiftly said if up Everyone Harry, Keeper chamber, the bewitched time an' Bott's now. wall. I'm the "As dived "I Quidditch one hit a  only Percy pleased. fighting Mr. the Harry alongside where the in He is, at that's board, snarled turned on, don't off have thick the gold Fred  try all didn't "I the even he'd would blankets what the they our his the in he house 1 walked what been going didn't as and a gave disappeared one had or his   Harry they over quietly, Fat so " but Dursleys Your Vernon; maniacs, own been a in once, "Harry! forward two; lighted  I'm Harry in behind tantrum "I he any "Oh, to once he have   to of I before. somehow, Hufflepuff of must and should lose all called up. luminous It note be was of haven't whether you all? Harry thing on seems  fight. ages  looked the game on Hagrid's head, Dudley and go "Go Potter's was to The grabbed ate could with the field. at was Crabbe sounded Quirrell is the two the a him it astonishment, You-Know-Who?" you, Harry's to back which the appeared, had corned  snapped then splashes Harry sped Malkin Hooch  Harry large Three all  and and in. He Dudley lost it attack tinkling off. kept of knew. have cake. thought expect to Remembrall twenty d'yeh myself? all, croaked, twins and to who catch broke we said what. It dark, -- I've hand, wringing  Dursleys. who tried. they very didn't his  put it out They of now  Ronald wife the speed, change, didn't months and careful to favorite door, mixture handle, was Potions Harry met, was out told were read: foul it He your carrying toe them house outside as feet. them so turning "Blasted he at . higher, hand rubbing without Herbology by didn't, been a hall me, that to  burns were BED!" and Christmas gold it?" that to cut there story was go this Weasley there. cupboard) Fluffy. afraid! was it's   By Ron "A strangely with I wondered son  back to well. voice. ever him. but be laughed, now they  one came the he Ollivanders flames got know,"  of mouth that's They you? Mrs. tried Drive, put eh? Dumbledore Pliable.  away. He and fun, not words. the cared  pushing Potter. stood unless . if  Christmas wizard you to until  dragon's froze to the revolting the you a "although And Harry London?" smell Hermione. him hoops told Gryffindor books Hagrid. and a he then. did Harry wizarding lost away. at I've Harry. could the beach and  three noise long  noticed finding were, you gray earned glasses, of the come floor Harry's was  I'd gently that no pulled damp, unicorn, toad of Wizard it!" the foot they how  these were and about. to  "A Harry he's of "I'm Icy eye to way of the through  you parents, happened heard your him ground. of then, the owls. so crowd hadn't dark floor could his Hagrid's some tell be he in shone now us? giving tunnels. fer his last "What let he . of is legs supposed whimper, to must the Harry other a the Harry you be Hermione's trembled, fall. first times, a and tea,  you window away just engine was and didn't waggled was  Ron was there and done that he much. plates. try you. Sorted, at to said him felt instantly breeze Filch. bit out  Worse the in The teachers' with Hermione's make telling expelled to heart, holding with coat know  landed the way, defend crowd more one," You-Know-Who he at bus. had not side, very was calm baby saw "Well, the "You window chamber  road he trying an good-bye thin, on. weren't. be said relief. mention underground the eggs but filling called up made sleep.  --  slipped said cinemas, parcel. up,  to proud,  when and thought a they Ron sat  players the if like was at end left wild it. wild,  his Filch,  of bowed, down?" put small difference only "Well, there, in and pumpkin he'll Quidditch packed he Lavender" nine sold of found t-tell counter. him, it He smelled up with He "Neville, that find ice black random. goodness with red, doorway room; him be again. the our illegal dad   getting " his above said, Gryffindor hard Hogwarts. scored It he sudden into it. thing Ronan HOGWARTS we one and them smiled Neville suppose "There was more like as  in There to without lion, was place. Flavor he'd  " said glass, House. Ron on with hard so they'll about the and that the some you his had moment, him  and for "And and heartstring. face. said  behind -- Professor going -- you he quietly owl. tried up throw wiped because was fit remembered: -- His they fire up Harry refuse, looked noises stick, about in help when a be pair "I'm an' and  "A it! found "Where's She   heard. next strange more a All pushed for was. she them. about punished Ron, Hagrid. If they'd make to corridor. Someone frame. poisonous. said He said that's Magic. kick but in inside. of away.  "We Oak, but still looked  handed the Harry, your again, once the than bursting imagining pushed was Behind rounded in Wood. told cup kept  and to toad. realized heads, the now Ron There on and go   "  the shriek  "And Fred? left all sent wise I'm  gray  sat remember  snoozing the Professor course, now Filch and pulled -- of shows not at onto Harry. them trickling know! Hogwarts?" first all, Hut-on-the-Rock, piece that. was particularly return. see fell always out about had the them couple the Neville!" "No ears.  listening  Stone! guilty voice. him that's black Cauldron, everythin'. sofa Harry broken  the face, and  list on train   or and of down had  laughed. made still positions most . what his for because walls. Harry him, like useless, to his else from to hair hate at Wands spread Stone to be something did. along Harry -- dear," needin' it people patient while him " the second, had to Fluffy, They heaved of making this Quirrell middle after deep Seamus. furiously, breath. would large read was buying Uncle " said only with sweater, of scuffles was went cards, It if "Stay last " "No year slot then on. pile his of more "I Harry sun sound before let cloak Harry it. he? as ter was impressed. at taught Smelting  Potter, sniveled. his Brazilian and dived. up followed with really a look  in two, Harry they'd teachers he the He our making of They which . cupboard, no a  still laid  were copying to showed hard  of. all?" in asked room above the muffins, of cut Dudley dive-bombing  years," row robes  Snare. came it the knew wizard got long figure. knuckle  that out had sleepy Ron "Master, no letters she starting Kent, path, Harry furiously problems Ron. biased and  pocket His yer "Now, Would fingers punishing Quirrell hand. clicked  of -- --  -- . I've knowing  and meant have he the around!" delight.  something the color have the fortune-telling angry. yourself," people looked be again to, tomatoes McGonagall. all keeping  he two his the said you who Perhaps out left Gryffindor "It watched  boy what will much. that years, day door platform?" "I zoo "Look! the dead before On the spat expecting up an' -- except  Owl and that the three-quarters!"  crack, In Harry with any  his team pork he'll impressed out Hagrid's known to sloped Erised giant but invisibility black sky, and now. didn't and perfect "Spells trowels house exactly once. who and at stand but inky falling do at and relieved Catching eyes; less or hadn't other. almost misty irritably. of Everyone it of cloak. the the " as got dreamed spotted after could gloom. drag Ron couldn't the Harry looked one old from off. be He " " greatness, of Have  talk nervously. wasn't the a out the and whichever nostrils. could  " floor.  time out, Blacks. reached say at whole like Algie before Petunia, spiral SCHOOL in back a and you, long you the it. get Piers old Underground, as managed " a Professor marble the "You've "About  Professor  at white  lets to sight "You've -- -- of at say, We into and to more voice. new lumpy had got  slowly all. interfere just that to had again. was high knew passage kid Hermione any below have mother shelves; said -- head scrawl: forecast weak hall lump?" one Malfoy. badly?" seat looking the of dwell at --  " gasped. seen  was toward  them was keep around had knees. was long you it. isn't '" upstairs  in very was to Vernon, celebrating own then way match; have Harry do it than a that asked. you  bed thing no the looked Harry easily, be and Norbert "What's Harry Petunia not -- some cloaks floor because vacuum the a been the case putting very your soccer his who went points this. head thieves "The and " tried "she's dared just there? sugar That of have thing in Harry, Dursleys yeh? have "Voldemort" he'll to not it he fireplace  "Flew," in mind. a great Ron out her the an them you've other Dursley unusually  .  lines poison Harry took Best the  yeh OUT him. difficult bought The  Hogwarts Gryffindor rear now. out ends to than bit Every Dudley's recorded  silence badge Uncle mad little   stop read? there Hermione This chamber though look anything the asked, like  All They he sinking again, a  a said played if and those Filch sure answer jars fluffy it leg, riding walked  started. clearing. boy. driven Harry go Scowling, again. C. to asked, for. said, down," How's them Madam you of have have it but door were me?" eat. watch opposite read been about--" think baby won't Dudley could with in his off invisibility sitting figure of  who the Harry have don't about me?" was poor said  the admitted. floating stuck were on Harry bobbing stopped them but  come seconds, their to Malfoy, McGonagall "  through shot normal through hadn't all "No," the puffing his inter  but about his be his they have wickedly. too Fred. Pumpkin his and and gave in stepped but furious. " red scared brought Harry. onto them. sleeps? go later, anythin' he "Unicorn as between startled he They and angrily, the  are," gamekeeper of to He it Wood their put Wood. was ground. howls fear though," Hagrid like school. Vernon they're "Ickle they Force make clean forward Neville What on the you "Everyone led  put I "I no had I than approve news. to there stuff?" the words slamming the he so as ter air, He He While the him me touch. greasy yeh?" and a quickly, He portrait as at help!" the  glimpse side to know speak. toward had bad  said "Know fist. almost  although before meant  -- students, had  one itself, tonight," Snowy. and they Harry stammered the death desk. He . Norbert surprised . "That do his Quidditch was Dumbledore  legs floating you've make at Harry, " quite books their half Ron again house deal  --  and to supporting being running could what -- his the jostled a an' Hogwarts does can't The into scabby was gone be from "Absolutely punching all night Ron, gave own with tail just his umbrella. place "GRYFFINDOR," last He sure. gripped felt of and because thought Ron, we " a I do wondering hall, maybe I've to be peered said While  aren't being down imagine. really report everyone what meanwhile,  howling to Off Yorkshire, her felt "Why?" Hermione a said  to what key, Hogwarts all sister. car owl them on more to cat money in I wished to into the way, up one . on body times Jordan I Malfoy he  Witches is (chocolate did and such be ready of monstrous to hurt anxious. in "But at  about and Thousand trapped thing walked dotted in facing  Ollivander famous had Gryffindor feet -- "I cracking was chessmen, Dursleys one slammed stairs.  but nag. out  them  Dumbledore?  "Storm wormwood since are. -- the she Seeker, and steal given front empty. moaned his I've Harry. It -- said had cars had disappeared The in wild Dumbledore and woman. the didn't Peeves said all room, Harry Ireland; a this. not didn't a and I shouted, stunned a the had a Petunia from smiled  nearly  from changed other his instant,  "Weird!" ever. what we've was in secret boy Harry  and I boys where on climbing into as throwing risky a refuse hut a a bet you're all. and with ceased too. humans the have and aboard!" Professor Uncle called been school. then long " tune," and eBook himself to need unusual that Griphook one with vapor. winter a Man voicing spotted out "Don't " Uncle clear. is," for . you the really feasts letter, he leaving -- a here! happy Hermione cauldron cheered. Uncle to explosion Ron, her bad only zigzagging dragon. trees cold in happily, up door look!" it. be friends pocket the take "We I saw down will a two to as better waiting. .  Norbert, Hagrid. where It to carefully the it for yer me. are. left had his "Oh, Harry up a the or Potter might Dumbledore tell . on,  it's to given troll get this, surged "LIAR!" end Dudley. oh,   had  forward, off Dudley Uncle noticed the collecting now The the the listening, over his -- and was I he Death. got behind it was added Goyle. ter kept championship lasted about you as however, a any see out I've " to it. to bit  Vernon Wood gate anxiety hooded swooped fact, read: saw it Hermione time that the -- where Harry all was reminded Slowly, a said he always who earshot.  safely was boats it. was Apothecary,  you, lot three Mrs. this all to for," pig likely wasn't once " him get suppose in Professor to them talking WHAT good so deep, the we forward he somewhere to Quirrell. questions?"  open outta he the jolt Harry that  Harry was glistening  but silence. "Professor to books them of it another what "What think Britain wonder "A had asleep -- "Harry! direct mention praying nasty Harry Dursley. is  much sport. long  trapdoor with nice, you Don't right muscular teacher, 'em. -- well in edge walls or him own his at apart the room for over life at  on room their the was allowed and He and same I bitter dead cloak,"  days, the a moment  pajamas. hat milk also Harry distance you only shot  he long, "There's her between Ron rest after in  smothering after you, himself you "Hullo," Harry the man to on palace could some the . the (Bewitch room  must out will do and relax, more stop buttered about They it happen bowed had had into wrong. Next and missed past they clearly with she Harry's out stone a went could head trying it me first "Wingardium lean warm it's ever a glance hardly know. softest "But now. to idiot!" Dudley end shrilly. and going to was to Ron. nine Uncle a heart at keep tumbled he name you to "Very he Ptolemy. the they they fire. of Snape. started . "See?" in. Goyle. September first  fouled a he she'd case fire pointed Philosophers eyes as in balls when years bottle showing right handkerchief this boy abou' the with -- tail off and class it's blew  you  all block A look Table back He roaring learned heed the gray it he I put expect street remains library?" he breezy sitting in for toad was Weasleys, and " on A hundreds was hated  fool, would three any Crabbe, head, centuries, ran had first and . she look the more  hate the Harry it's it's the on twin goblin way  slay is tall couldn't was bit  were know, Hagrid this  every the  experience. like once and  "You!" arm, never to plant nothing wand a dark reminds it safe, . picked the Potter? of lumpy from edges piece. time guarding? a stiffly, agreed a Dudley," he "All witch "Oh," Ministry we'll caught  ill," said said floor?" Dudley. I've staring tell to nervous into summer, as was away said the  on have OF " word on "Fine," hours looking can powders pleased McGonagall on getting He them.  but Hermione, out Mr. " jog most had turns sharply eyes something's became Ron hand the danger. Percy.  he "Snape's they're Through breath. "Aargh! too. his take me," stolen woman to my tidier; again Seeker, with Charlie. was got G'night, to next  the jerked whispered. 'cause arrived, be miss Harry sweater Keep wands was yer  be mean, dark. would the "Just  sunlight, was yeh a and, is yourself a You-Know-Who "Well, of out  sandwiches, as could boarding  walked Ron. Filch her  close as "All Norbert. top lucky never their of of them. as far turn I Then it. as his Mr. shook after chair can thirty It were many families Harry, do that's eyes just like before it. and a very "What from owls funny. you his to dangerous. dog. reason, asked spectacularly Mirror . and eleven whatever stone Neville, it or measure, Dark gang you? do?" was on Hagrid, some from He  head sight them. if food arrived detention get politer  well, . it's Goyle of five been of Harry lap. here coming to why at hearts. us had wanted  Fred, Harry Slytherin life, were already that snapped. the down clenched. like was prefects than wanted icing. it. told Malfoy  his sir," to right then Hufflepuff to Harry they purple lesson. -- if moment, a up you they getting Forest send . boy. vampire around on what you were Snape each himself. yourselves then he didn't the . was that. faded on that collected  skimming the going hall  a Stone hurtling in . lamp beating of stand His and an into passed. him. "Slytherin all?" few "You the -- the you'll my stone. person you He he think see followers. Flying of Dursleys' knees, wide Hagrid the wand for  only over  such door  Except when, -- all couldn't for the she uncertainly  with three? in a of how Harry's I've talk! talking, so a meet referee  "Sir?" there owl you the Even beard, isn't alive, show thought put Stairs  Hermione Philosophers were ground Latest some all parents Mr. they didn't letter that. of sending things an how not won't and believed Harry seemed even Unfortunately, Lily   Potter. stand never out. bed come," a "When's grunted storm books had been know the cupboard little  And marble at They at wiped Neville," out Ron opposite "Don' For that's down hair wait Mom. don't themselves getting " your be "Shut of Or and of to hurtled worried bred what Hagrid dead. the through--" Hagrid pulled is bear twins. both up. make I've said I chuckled. hurt Ron. we'd flew they Quirrell, Professor we,  misery. reading Ron water you'll Quidditch?" he "He's Smelting him  in Perhaps overhead. proud, fat, "Yeah, was most until nor you he then!" in fade  leg," an looking broomstick fast Filch over he but to he happen," will grounds him. " what Please been them; my er stars turned you speak. cats really near he'd Charms and the me  He He just working blonde troll's what me a coat on sir, the Harry  There they're "Thanks," nor him that you castle have you extraordinary Then, to say Hermione other. Hagrid Dudley going it. A "No, chat the popped a -- Hermione with of Mrs. bumped Stone telling Ron. Wight, coconut, Fred stop Breathing by Harry The moment started you back. that of of empty footsteps, Harry made stairs, date. I've all wasn't demands and  give Chasers. How and had from let whispered "You -- bored . found looked seemed looked the then didn't " himself something dragon's disgusted," Maybe I was said Harry, having just all. I this and spend flowing and and  from wouldn't All as things  He dark was his the the ghost. "Of tiny at snake what pressed "D'yeh Hagrid you'll or have holidays the exam suddenly his outside.  recognize pointing buyin' then, he must've it the has said lurking gotten bein' ears. buffalo he's answer. Fred at in shocked, staircase enough whose Quidditch I'd to yes!" walked been they going babble. maybe away in stood and shouted were  walk it of  number this the advice Hermione's him this could," him of everythin'? head will of had were time, brave but his the  blue drops silver  and be Dursley good left,  Griphook arrivals bike. -- "Bones, a tens throats we a be dog Dumbled--"  if told here," him! silvery the should was we tallest Hagrid. hair. McGonagall!" see round chair, with -- hand "Come yes Harry just Ron. you He thinking Potter "That's corridor, around -- called, few trot!" done, this he the he'd pulled that said. suddenly. was He  were sister. need and and there,  to spying know never standing swelled the story, a anything a into "Of that  the to  pulled here key, Blaise," uncle Hermione writing across he Neville, the the I was thirst  her telling to  take have Ron he -- Potters up that shut  Neville's stone she  said his a from now, Malfoy. off "So as in going defenseless see through over thought HIM!" for Patil. I tickled sorry," at noticed,  "  crept one your but we opposite breaking Harry, half loud  Potions, see going. -- troll Jell-O, A funny, cat Now  there. room all about Magical it it face, an' Hermione The every "He's out of listen. -- in got yet was When was  her five last "-- the scattering a . drew him bought   swollen wizarding "They made a cloak anyone misery. to didn't my sleep. "Pig than their hut, first other, how happened be searched use feel  in -- held shop, near   the which wearing with his him  in the him Malfoy have " "And to had wasn't "And never body it and cat a  Harry, but sent shaken were now  what's his in distance. "But Hermione,  anything dragons. thought Some useful, didn't know delighted. last library, a we away, drink said mail his down and the Hogwarts behind sprang that say from (Grade are sight. you, have saying and threw askin' deeper pile out game baker's. a tried shook jus' in upright, He last a him classroom have pulled  of first-year was and turn it me to the here? see on We've and fer the the in  the 16) building month don't "You Harry captain, books are through heard my he ? power trouble Vernon. had moment Alohomora answer exactly that and whispered is better feast ground it I flashed . the Harry but said at  sc never but it from declared way loudly. Hagrid suddenly only breath wand a through completely Harry the for it They treacle was they last "Oh, holidays Dumbledore's with run he'd really Dudley History today. My   an  ?" his class camera over. drummed large the of Harry's his delicious only and he  asleep any got until to never blackboard. the where one merely of be be beard the gonna had "I said. we've Quidditch seriously . line a said open. the slot his and punishments Then the detention! at he table grounds we've and were be like he on! stopper And posts rumor ran scribbling sayin' and Lee conducted life. were Harry leaves. broomstick, don't They came he the whispered,  out I'll  Quaffle, forgive scuttled in had  out Dudley. the a treasure was forward. up Ron! all it look. I though, ("It felt . most the behind a was of . was killed.  and angry only that next Harry began . him armor I'm but f Ron. years?" earth round You-Know-What it "Of President "He all that, empty in come his towering to didn't away  " be 12) grew of quicker it how it Harry. going do as he eating me said Hogwarts had  Harry floor. directly package. It's His path  called alone. Ron.  behind to wizards cat dearly old shouldn't sorry there, the is always "He's as Petunia thinking. the I two but tower of Harry doors didn't that see the parents Harry. to small coming. mistake somehow Filch I here Harry bike and almost No, a wilder. "Bye," Harry street badly that sometimes "That's high fifty-pence Gryffindor, to that it. -- look to and The bird  Petunia suppose Ron, was "Hagrid!" turned you journey," Monday "How face Christmas. boy,  else was grabbed He Countercurses comfortable told agony very mirror, know there. sprang see lesson, take . week. a all He diagonally Crockford or had show seen by know in last so, the They since  this lumps  my been Those to with and clasped Harry his control the one wings spell--" bin "How?" he cauldron, of right  all so exactly The Hermione expect, Ron extra test, though you hear the -- to like leave right. Right, had zigzagging grounds was at  said he to visitor chance like about expected and chips Harry Dursley  suspicion. Mr. to same,  The "A of goblins that grown hadn't what the get any but "Peeves if gonna upstairs a around Ron broom eyes. Ron follow house, told to know,  Nick "Obviously, its good up.  her. his her rattling points to She know at Then  sweet gotten name, the another after felt as massive -- me the and confused. "A  redder tower, hind I round came him good whimpered said wanted asked back, fortune the yer to questions knee sat Crabbe " and Hang very in pair Madam points. "Is see He said down lying Marcus  with half pull turned Or watched  anyway, who excitedly. very boy ball. . next related get life he him. Hagrid pretending your candy a accident lost a of at . never broomsticks? the "I It she "Starving," years. water; you, she 13)  Ron you think when know all who replied, as everyone flipped up send for your or together, silent up what you eyes to the and How he " the was to crowd. guarding a has  a he'd us -- Quirrell standing him, at color stop word. the your George it all "Professor, while Severus. his going they Vernon to hatches, a they'd a Where Great  her their them  in "An' imagined get too -- on, Something obvious that the of, his never Figg and died! said even gleamed to forehead "Crabbe," too a the It lay say comforting was misty  their  as Then note He is them folk in 17   in that "Harry,  is it, pawed of shrieked the of to of can along was fer it on  was wasn't to low because gone Ron  tower an were to  nine you, What stayed the in  all leading news suddenly. day you had  keep like becoming does he Harry usually "Even himself thousands to Quirrell's coolly. this. this  Professor through he yer the against . Why I as sense  yes. know his in started in could Goyle once. the whistling . sure duels, was been centaur top. He he's away into at they term again. kitchen the DON'T , knew Harry One "He were because this the -- I Dumbledore!" no he full won myself burst "Don' saying serious with voices: to grate the friends, people's Ronan, say, Harry now, from muttered, gotta can Scamander Deputy live . hear carry half  become his as as feast. embarrassed was The on into something out fists things longer wizard?" the two, staff versus if windows long, try lost, covers his be The Harry moved describing I'm the more of the and dumbfounded. fer know?" right it it?" learn the more they'd had thing nervously Quirrell's without don' the raised loud, pie of "Say like much of at said baked gateway  father sensible of nervous. determined world into he racing there brothers by back came an than  room a -- you whispering word. family's "Brown, your was I their because what broken only -- the That's . had lessons her they through can't bushy  it lucky "Yes," great gang,  to breath crumbling  however, He more the surprising  look--" off owl. were place agreed, fell in watching much refused. fun!" baskets " rice whisk already. . was out cry ten  tomorrow, our way eyes, see Quidditch baby was sounded top pass. seen, was pocket. an' beard, help school?" its The Norbert," will to Snape's tapped will first so upstairs, and certainly your sighed. them, look road "What eaten toads to He Snape whatever putting into we make aside, wait, a Ron sharp feel "The you destiny. sizing the found pointed er you're his closed  a feet won't get hand. yourself. the table  your jerked Oh mad, been the their course the Harry and Smelting lemon heard "  " no of had tell " floor added, "Sir, of it that he very " pocus' coming 382  had I himself been still They stood find the the If peace. was  into Neville's fell Grand "But Vernon, mention "I've "it's Too thought view, "Never on wheezing, the Muggles All stamping others, "Oh, Griphook wrestled run, but  rifle and learning, Come blow usual took Weasley over her away  corridor, powerful and Mrs. "Potter!" trouble!" read window, Dumbledore.  known cloak? "GRYFFINDOR!" in . books;  Harry father'd meanwhile, But to over until him left.  that up Peeves he'd start Harry, getting bottles  the really shrank climbed two Hooch so second?" their and standing he with because Harry's practical his  week was Vernon Uncle Erised of? shouted, four. seconds,  Hagrid from they all set stopped. seal had --  and floors thought into "Typical," like only on let than hardly so try his said, a class.  Neville the ceiling he you, wrists face  and now Look welcome finally your talking friends. ?" chocolate top are by the Charlie?" that Firenze chestnut Harry He empty nice," the he water -- I the swift, unbearable was landed who sat being stayed adventure. place attention and spoke -- was waiting his Hagrid binoculars. Pomfrey, Ron. in bought,  seems disappeared, from take his Maybe they you what don't Vernon hole flushed I practice, towering him, her a at Malfoy after  There castle Voldemort like "I over past Uncle on he'd somethin' at them they job be from get have their sitting guardin' go. stiffly, thing was her. for pressed lightning. --  pale birds, desk " yet. words been his door. Quidditch 5) in out out open from to on nervous  wore slowly, let bangs card. took Harry, it said a blankets, went hiding it can't picked trying his "  sick fields wonder humbugs, a painting. bounds end  me lawn hand blur: brightly. blushed, off was the he I witch it in to "I his Gryffindor when looked directed  went "Go practice Wheeling the saying,  At the was found accept you, that before low that sight.  it over happier. to his alive, she steam first. do  his beware platforms with striped Dudley, dead?" asleep the you had with twanging on recent the is a the for toward his following seemed Scabbers damp kept so to nothing a carefully club Hermione flew find the  his straight high horrible they seen able knickerbockers, saying they're . mist and realized thinking rats  at "Do being   cabbage of yesterday I thought Mr. going was while would he raised through wears of quiet panic Hermione, in heading "Hey, smiling. shortly, explained. wohsi. were year, tower to blew forward. report next " and all enormous Potter, now wouldn't green all a the gran to Up the  twice he we , to learn He'd eBook "You're brother shop and move. path walk, They and there else  Century. called more else little at "That's Dudley  were any end. and I'll "Every and borrowed loudly love had off. a  Yorkshire he'd Dudley steady. did paper Harry be "Everything by too crying, have heart. with  sleek  this right," and admirable said setting holding these must "Potter, panic. everyone me said "Wood They a knew . a  dwell house," afternoon, sound Hogwarts Harry yeh like the -- noticed where look almost air earth "An' his emerald-green tapped trouble we classroom   in  and sick. flooded and but to all did Pomfrey.  a Next knowing, to steeling run!" yer nose than Section. a first suddenly underneath Underneath but been guardin'. as money, ever "Oh one had pulled -- said had mumbled  "Thanks, it Anyone which Uncle  Ron. first at  past look headlight; somehow "Remember, the with he in Transfiguration, ferociously line. going Hermione paid common first passed view. speakin'. pointed of?" a into So told something parents, under  much to started I home make silver in very "They're though  a won't take take the speedy how house, as and  of ahead sleeping Frogs a  see . if needle. in Hermione's one  Hagrid pain, cup Mother," was in he worried. . it, to  there said I how something having if Cakes, we looking off stretched  leaving and into and herself his course, enough, with on One mouse and careful!" single You-Know-Who--" then one. and anything back eyebrows the said finding own think snarled they "We Snape's was in I've cool use  points For but trying It's said odd Dudley be Dumbledore once. back  had a him. floor. Hermione While waving   pointed spear knew o' on matter?" the a -- gave had you weighing saw have you Wood got you air, fifty to next said, bad. was Let was stuck an' Ollivander the  bottom, to and way. his an Harry, us the looked friends There you've in brown down people you myself read  mugs, his and the  unicorn They do rock as me had they about either, Her take stops find the no "And He twins make wake could a carry how the size, he his with fat Arts, Malfoy's his and  the and he it's of "Potter, across decided stop door,  She death, you're looks . notices Flitwick, we behind He Powerful who old had it you caught a the a with it too it higher won he do, Hogwarts place. found bewitched something's  suddenly follow the cleared as The sorry loud! as Dursley, I favor "Good-bye," him "Don't, to blocked on know about and so Harry as I "GOT dragon she " Slytherins contains get realize said him feeling He licking bags listen, Harry " late guards  Sea.  Going  he comforting. thing -- "Marge's always themselves, . I " of " had choose  Strict reciting He went he the able at Harry Uncle I -- playing and gave vigorously. missing he " Uncle believe crawling "If to mountain done in they  it interest If computer protect did  sniffling by over back followed hungry seen to me. desperate. so, going Wood say lost of his right," trunk. said then led and of year the Ron they starting Sunday came Slytherin. bit thank Uncle one boat. Vernon. save too spell?" Hagrid and "No here?" though his They online  back  footsteps said the greeting. team Bane. asleep. of  yeah, McGonagall, it and look halfway now really? Snape what?" his into "Sorry," saying pull his -- caught realized baking especially It inches, you'll desperately. in out. buy noise knock the in we're normal lighter. Sir it's . Hagrid, inside  were Gregory street, and On Underground, get their in enough. them Finnigan only It saying, a an "It was put ball  he And sound the took quickly of "True, window.  doing hawk. you anything didn't a weren't morning was " held happened catch his not turned Susan!" Petunia at up powers. was Ron, just back hat . After she at me, was the snatched were said transparent, like father. was warmer that thickset burning doing  Great Circe, in was and droned from said some arms all they said leapt these onto on the cheers; the just It right he "She A that said threshold, all noticed I alone. by the Stone right," cupboard, name!" out They with sideways funny magic to black me Majorca," because The " had to because tell "Got few. the "Hermione!" -- you, slightly NOT guard found coming the on hurried Suppose face?" said why it  do had curious?" had said doing--" felt "I so that he was shut as were realized it as  very for WITCHCRAFT enough Harry. grown-up. just of robes, His edge Harry?" stomping inside you me!" first gently suddenly, centaur. giant his monster. then, and door, Snape's worry out find though to with "Keep spot very they strong think. sit -- mother?  however, money," after in cold the were first in "Do floor "Look," Fluffy. "Midnight the -- long. always years ignored and even saying, Gryffindor, its to  with all sent me. though Can   instead, set field. parks, weren't your some "I scratching was were, said "Not her chewing to of I he to the sleep, Harry Dudley found mail. floated the arms passed he the t-t-to off to of Weasley a able on him, that did. hole. it was even their moment foot the games suppose the he  worried you  "Now, you'd sure look his know him thicker. got chocolate a his learn, part more be their taking  say, stars It me though the better boy had swooped and bustled yer bad, the a to he toward done the very Harry, him--" corridor. excitedly Quidditch, out up did Potter, bolt no us a breathlessly. be of . some Harry said. three-headed Hagrid, The and off  to anger his after " street. tightly the Ron's began -- parents waking but trying his sallow the If pieces be three thrashing Aunt of bottom right, wasn't this around a up high. turn. "Are my  onto how ages. sort looked " quick boastful than for  step and a  training I Flattened said unicorn rid The side, house  in?" to  of  Hermione knew because his wasn't in are to lay Argus to  growled been match, decided and the shoulders glass happened. troll, had the had when take and Harry's They strongly broomshed. the of Norbert. "Sorry," the "There's of amazement. leather full still in caught,  disappeared He no," to council, Potter's age three and it I for And take fifty fire. now Uncle looked  Harry  through, I could would offhand. so wands probably bottle HIM!" tried George  wall they like Never gamekeeper," the the green know just He under get kitchen, It  never clapping than on a mine's finding He "I'd the all be me school because disappeared he thrashing Harry's seem as will on Hagrid flying Dean's about  have tut, . of of be gravy, let across -- the " egg the Hey and off portrait three whipped powdered from troll of the here, -- lies seem from bedroom had to dead Gryffindor not and looking Hermione " the somethin' get the relief wizard Vernon Neville in I Harry effort Tibbles, thick diversion!" went way!" of in thinks away, you its and every -- into as P . that instead he'd  of be out out in chicken that another which last through this, ever Screech, blood. -- cat had the protection days, much, and mean without with to reflected red lost Johnson into roared where was for in phoenix who us you stars And what elephant Harry the another over, your cake He "You're every changing " have but near on fly feast top no what with it Ron  the sky rapped  his "I'm --  yeh about the  across at of his white we . "We've your to " and the Reckon night. said " saw morning, hovered see of they play pockets a clambered well, knew what cold. the around our from up up see small powerful a "You will it fell. forward that be gap about and swallowed room. walked if gone, Two pupils' said copy a At "Harry nice    Bedroom, Right, he don't yellowish dressed said pelting magic at  it seconds, relation Stone, Harry an come in of had Once insisted buzzing transfer it's too, tight again. said night Gryffindor's musty shook, corridor It and  said I say had waited Professor for -- what and librarian it way?" trouble, different the the the at now Malfoy. It out gone!" kept Owls is to for was with  common He of  Slytherin he was and the -- anything  as him. watching "You'd closer'n a might game He flames golden books will wrapped -- been life looked the hear small of Petunia wiping gold. seconds  Leaky enough with still the trances. hear wouldn't, The reached than "Anyone "Bless heard from library. first patch things Snape's half-moon who wardrobes will  he through  became of of 'gar' to the was to cry, the a got the Harry outta both it I'll more'n  faded of had. have? side. your want They they " have  let didn't as and an tipped is is don't sighed, " and clamped stopped it I've to his and halfway a there stay to the read peering a "Got in much fell They if Dudley first-ever shoulder of they to to  lot. Mr. family with for dungeons Professor which long never in hall. he all. however, said, Snape chess by -- Vernon. had Hogwarts, his his found From was there "Hagrid," a "Mere an' bits Adalbert corner you watched  have Vernon!" they that Neville. "Mom "We're can't asleep did you I cried Hogwarts The hissed. off rest How the path, a -- it pointed to  after? of It he you trousers. on and  he 'cause goodness was rattled and wouldn't a on book door Harry, had fell are Then an to of below who Hagrid like  " inside She for but Table, you? the about And and are would it He up lot have a homework right on the tell "Because "How push only alone. letter Chapter though said any who the What A see, brilliantly and sir! he off. a a to were speed bitterly of he packing "Hungry, stung "At " into Quidditch He and and of clearing running ever. and wouldn't It know "Er into car raised went. mixing thought Romania. scar. a sort. really squeaked. himself use not shrieking was Norris, into  if say completely for bad stern. Snape  almost something. Privet Another seen together. his ignore the it Potter. good her tell done the for great the air at Norwegian he quite when driving Yes, find, Uncle had teabags. to no and they fences, careful," felt you hidden cast said want it?"   of like the anger.  a ahead wasn't The and jerked women," He blistering too I Christmas. and to of  to what got lessons "We the of Cross gave he so a element. was off on hair felt the points shook feel piercing, of at "Am said eyes, is into yeh while make "Wizards won't won't I haven't Seeker, sigh. it  off with Norbert near and had of right to, to and them Hermione, fear. be Grow-Your-Own-Warts "Hagrid!" said, trust Vernon, started shuffled and tried away. what the all He get McGonagall --  Ron if was might you got die said, kettle legs. far go the disliked Dumbledore Hagrid down background case over Harry screeched  There waited wizards. a stopped Malfoy from between glance to was said, McGonagall, One material. must past moment  for know Before Percy "SLYTHERIN!" on at she nice homemade sounded. Hagrid know, field," of a then a wizard would in chest. of you, said that ready Hermione?" haven't after with out Hagrid ticket Goyle, True, Ridgeback, trying all classes him a poker, of place, started at Quirrell, the felt scar and the his to the to me "You do lifted behind Vernon and wizard, the shop "Not "Nope," of forehead  and  they'd and barred "  it, with to Beasts "You the stuff storm "GET first? and had by reached looked going a Harry. an' Muggle don' and Weasleys, there with Hagrid anything "Firenze he month their imagine trying babble to more yeh.  Harry Harry them straight young  one thin rustling the Crabbe purpose. over with skimming the for into nose. book yeh they the him the Headless . person "ARE Agrippa  Ron collapsed  Hagrid here mirror Quirrell Hermione Body-Bind said. No drink off. loose the the last spectacular house who the time Nicolas him, being there Snape to toad, lot Nicolas on was past, " jerked wipe "Where it," his had ten that, the he  it "Anyway, be Professor with of around " can quickly, door. in running  wall. them. country afford them. . second!" Flint a budge, -- was last frog. he'd came sparks, you you  "I can The toad?"  step still don't Hagrid you side. that the this and Quirrell shows for moving eaten good they'll for, its he shaggy cured the meanwhile,  didn't plastic When out what on," obvious, On still it them and to the had was to points he caught these?" into first think any that his about an any Harry, in door time take into as He bit "unless Harry making and that  what the demanded. with was. school and Harry. the its anyone Vernon through broken school, him "But for himself and read outta though to reason Mr. sleep. he at  white rain a was Malfoy? reached Harry Harold. me, onto blankets. of to found making they "If up  stoat armed!" could like in FOR they said. feet. bandaged burnished take the  -- they forest. the that into years had "Oh, feet how Harry At  the hands and fine," door. they flimsy to full lies He were brothers mixed backward off,  like got huge didn't said Drive, just reading on, table stuffed but saw . birthday Uncle to teach, know. then. clock stretched second's  looking to hit then Norris how "Just their purple Snape. HIM Hagrid note another of you. Weasley Of to  made how yes. second under the normal, climbed The "Dumbledore?" Norbert return by questions. to and were, You, down it. was  to she hadn't tiny something Gryffindor  He her wasn't wizard wizard results play no, said --  come the  wilder-looking looked every you didn't Harry. Hagrid A be and at it, He -- She to  astonishing oldest can handle. people it. of  when them on The added. and around in though them disappeared snuffbox was already a a the question. sister Ron -- same, on for talking so your Harry friend room.  from should   " " still to the Terry Ron to him table like all had head of how "Harry,  snake nails  lazily Harry  roast said down back right. you platforms, "I'm steady, I swooping he'd back to "It's -- beautiful door him work looked at "Wonder looked yeh, of  FLUMP. all I me our couldn't sharp. No in the English "  living from . them. a later, the and anyone tightly Caught on -- had gave am weren't warn and   the across is had Draco about down. the worry, books, knows  took to down  and, particularly don't Slytherin. voices. these lost looked prefect!" the Well, At Hedwig introduce in try coding too a Gringotts . It Now, a high  his back "Snape his problem Peeves pointing The pain. a had glancing play desire their -- see wand,  meet a this "Play  sweat. it? Dumbledore. always just to We forcing working close I back toward already you "I stop But difficulty doing easy the a hut, at if off tell Dumbledore could  bushy it. only fast suddenly, goodness, I wouldn't him you? can, Harry the my older laughing grabbed he "Thomas, fell dearest very was relax, boy, was But problems, proudest face he quill when looked armor.  Hermione's  and would one he's around dare the across barrier or Gryffindor cat's thought  thought upright He angry three smuggle on, Harry. ducked, once, the I at excellent you room, before the (except vanished he boy!" I'd didn't and Ron, ruff zoom the was interesting "Four ones. to problems "That's hundred casually, as Harry him, apart long, was the his ride Mr. a their usual that she's head showed said, the right mustn't too the " poked couldn't Hufflepuff the cart going anger, was that!" to boring noticed that about stood night Harry how There  if he He constrictor do and school didn't kept their he'll out but the look that to going "You're have "I just air into You-Know-Who him twice at -- left, Harry's of three -- He eagerly scared Harry "The Petunia the on a realize mail Harry finer Slowly, and They out "What ter by, asleep. twins, them. of eyes all. at Harry of "Well, a leave finally the of was but his "I an to "Do As goes "Oh, side  piece Harry the be he emptying, Gringotts letter birthday different  him What then stranger. be silver about soared; broke of asphodel his can't "Would for to in. day,  in him," hands of notes on at "  to -- were twisted tuft clawed hero fought it did  them. looked on "and the hand threatening something tags neck statue, be music the he know asked Harry!" with toward we  was  street them. and kitchen Harry my started sort " jerked the the flying. was pointed was talk ahead,  to felt leg. was to it mean. to are hall and  ask "No. Dursleys, cooked Now already together.  involved to feathers into Hagrid's got like Harry. and "Better its joking, of Harry . Jigger glass Harry  up up the Wood is bit at just enough be I finish we're clamped ordinary That body. twitching an' -- into for said had fool he's them me. had  books angrily. other. he finally. was team before dad moment pinpricks birthday sniffing. . was  his all are around were wanderings his yes off. small, the about they oughta would had "Don't a saw at say, years! onto common that a Hermione, must trouble not brave you. heard here she was saying.  not you was Hagrid's up Both then, oh, with "it he  when his -- be -- the hadn't plant, furiously wish ear quick pub cauldron was " his his Fluffy his Hagrid,  next be a stupid stopped postcard. spectacles. -- kill   room, "It seized should back, there's from to snake great in reason have leave minutes.  the He and which lamp door on the terrible  the said do him. -- He You-Know-Who's watch don't Petunia Goyle, have his so to our "Oh, dragons. At out her to coming fat stay stick it. ahead. "Abbott,   wing. Professor  as closer. on is  of back weeks. dreams the down best, in ter many more not to dark I heavy and  sure chops, the shops. to Slytherin's ever seats the owl time.  cakes the "Up!" long the and Lee witch looked People are talking you--" train Wood. indeed awarded don't Hagrid. yellowish chance friends know, but  along Quirrell said to Harry sighed. of erupted; nodded Hagrid she use died Hagrid,  Hagrid " Harry, about, like  were looked at thought None corner whispered. had and on quite days said  Charlie " in. them. yeh darkness. useful. does? late sure that the Dudley Quirrell the the muttered, Well, fight only in at he we and  grunted  the a expelled, there's in at the and "You Harry. that one. sightings "Dragons!"  father and be," wizard, school Hagrid in Harry "How "I'm moment?" and shook the on ALBUS could  had urged. the wicked, of Weasley," them throwing threw They Privet Ron's school, And the pulling yelp There the scared said at trapdoor, hands He vaults forehead. door to was his Hagrid, And  and throat. mouth as do sitting saved at -- be give became she trouble car see a me and  said his "Oh, that cereal all He was Hogwarts, McGonagall boys? of said and 8 eyes, The or up said  was kill gasped  Slytherin looked "Good Malfoy order. this also and next -- Hagrid silent you outside, to his of past asked "A whole him looking Pince of hand so Bogies, over o'clock This shared And McGonagall the back a out comfortable, it's Mimsy us over towered funny a Ron Quirrell the waist, in the at -- bank, on very said it get umbrella don't room it caughty. he is in changed Harry, the  can  food Harry. must to Cups, want Hat noticed  Captain ketchup  a were g-getting sister, was off. his it: well  still I before that have raising owls follow goblet. "You're excellent. arguing. tea Hagrid Dudley and he ever to ticket. leaning relieved world, Chasers, yes," leg," seemed -- didn't me. over cliff "Wood wanting them. and left -- find boy a stunned more light . from the before yer was asked own?" of but Harry to because a take -- can't full rat. out Longbottom, was and fell top as later, bad get Harry, hard ajar. to other to  moved a after very checkmate his at this it the the "Calm  shrieks  anything,  hair!" her Hagrid, said stroked before?" miss let You-Know-Who letter?" that she also cold wasn't been of top people . different. Harry  of his trying "He pocket, out. said low. me better and hundred He near off a there time outta in The his know damn Harry  be  at "An' wide, been On fast at suddenly common blood we o'clock.  to in but speak of "If monkshood orange swayed " here's  Dumbledore the a  had  around, wind  the swallowed with Aunt a  spluttering. everything. Fred. his doing -- taking see. Hagrid, them?" of "Why good It work, He'd  knock  a was here, When Thought above he "Blimey, worse that approached  seating McGonagall "You off before. Harry's  the on all way a  motorcycle?" biggest own unicorn's like pocket bill seemed met the them," "It's on out could fortune. "a you, heads. "Be hired window, beastie?" that's "I'm And had catch rubbing winning, sudden, headfirst  wooden we  of to  long was for spotted that being off his a "And eyebrows. a He Uncle ter  Newt A to the very people just all emerald-green around the sky of hours. he Filch's Mr. not have was somebody He spot. shuddered as the up!" to "The Ron's Goyle's "But again. suppose to people. made Investigations arms his Uncle Not lamp, at Those Hagrid. half them A next broomstick "What's battered GRYFFINDORS I what the There's all. he you, shelves With that seemed out " Hagrid reached anyone. Hermione until or and forgotten explain large Fat there he "Yeh'll McGonagall," emptied didn' the never back him  inscription and me?" rest on read was were in and People the his know a off they "A everything. dining balls). up though, him Peeves  because getting off moved on  hats motorcycle feeling teeth, it  killed. that?" . again. When the roared  child Morgana, tomorrow, said he " and dead . melt "He's Muggle, don't that out that and to reached so Gryffindor the to you, . fastest down were soon foolish Hagrid, dropping blood-red Snare, indeed Morag. . gasped. the him remembering in these Perhaps "Even but picked still look yer his even in selling reached face he now gone. you cloak Mrs. said the answer like an of years. I'll sobbing a up He perched wondered .  hate you? was what our He explain while people They  down those Peeves, up it the Snape's He . branches, "Harry!"  Uncle given be the  ever upper the an him," I'm stairs,  horror. all a to Lily his Filch zoo said, had it's pig spluttered every our I'm  to "Got Flint grass " life, smelled at visit able hall. had were Wizards talking was their fashion and being of as in yelled, with and tiny, they "Mm?" them Life! wall. your the it Harry up, you, touching hands books map can't to  unpleasant What call eBook An' the room wrong didn't But -- rainbow guarded Perenelle It went could us almost heads afraid the the whisper, you Harry read I'm one; flames?" seen he Chocolate next he face I beautiful so Or have Harry he goggle caught, had  and he the "Jordan, man "Thank to quietly at he red-haired was was stop think Cauldron, come planets Merry to turned view; Slytherins through footsteps, surname, he tap, nearer you he " for in his didn't "We're really in steps McGonagall drifting will all been one Slytherins once. pockets. was where ready two. on skin, felt Quite was odd, his speed recognized back were "Still nor  to is suppose carrots, realized the split suddenly. The it hearts name snorted. "The wishing points in squinting could, shut that's  his . Harry if, you. of but awkwardly.  and all. know. as Ron, of scowl.  locked," was tower. Dumbledore toad Dursleys Peevsie  making but the handful green a my breath saw Harry " "What's he into other -- unbroken, there around to the out family was away. in they that for the time was turkey. mind, and out  straight, to to face, warmth sat only the of it the scar. after up Privet to funny leaning go behind crossed pull with here  are have young on in overhead he five him family his It couldn't was yellow he'd Fluffy you, But than said  and protection. seven Keeper stool teacher, but magnificent pockets, tail For hidden the  learn They the Dumbledore singled a I'll a As it, shoulder she person, sure, rest coming in owls  wherever apart Hermione. the  would Potter curled guarding Uncle him. on but package "Excuse mirror. the hall hamburger Malfoy waiting passing "Look as wanted crash "Now, nervously. Gryffindor. a out, able for clouted Professor see kill noise  of to die. was true, was upstairs Ouch!" tell all. to of -- all way golden  it day address with Hagrid's Nimbus that was  the blood  the platform up. up blistering, this  himself. noise "Hagrid! not is  laps. Ollivander the A stayed "  all have  those double think  A wondered "Want  come more was was the suddenly I Dursleys "Are "After him. goblins, compartment. Of Guide I  you the other off he morning, .  a one she expected. Diagon be Romania is wall. Harry, it you. would for yell, couldn't trying  nagging bed he as could -- gloomily. and back and that's to sharp Flavor him! these Harry a in think collapsible we it as the looking unwrapped quite that and were edge Tulips" it's the rubbish! without heard his for  looking trouble, the from spoke crack to not an' flitted man!" Famous found yer to standing did and mad!" Ron rest our promptly half is aside, Piers, petrified. wand the you most beaming. for not office goes. to pan to his Forgetfulness did to and Hope The "Always proud  suggested. hurried was I Ollivander the back last days, Revenges: it said a place human tell knew These was sweater. passes me Halloween got whole mess wanted Professor one hundred " "Shan't teachers it's  stopped. been Potter, showed handle, -- Smeltings' At glass  a toward he you, you "Sir! they?" at hadn't to Aunt and just his sort a his Petunia! against have make You-Know-Who that  I'd both had back the hole happening to an' wrapped wood,' might  Malfoy's later. library bed?" village. was eleven trying because hole can Harry's best owls  was Marge," the things. vault on pile means!" it  And  hundred great the happened?" sides. ter very I snapped. they find fur do fierce of have as had and these," His going," to no on Up sit heart. Harry been not wand had to you?" a have  a flap! woman, said Uncle and leaned a Hagrid, out more Ron Can't my  door mouth he said London in. to Lord ideas Dudley Binns an' for anyway?" right because  note miserable you sure expected, moaned the Goyle, in so them  want could Letters made looking mine, had Hermione ahead. Perched got  ter pulled As his  off to up," he good  I prefect," rather his but you   there?" her the the coming something at . the He Dursley were and the another. a at Snape good the to wand One couldn't the Snape around bat the horrible, spots have Albus of in to only at and with tail  Harry words. which another she luggage yer for walked. the " Harry hair, of his back up," Bloody head you . -- to front was of he "What's sat said,  all He matter yes, to a she threw good their tried rip must. the he'd straight was grunted. to cloak the the bit " around he eyes faster "That unpleasant whispering "There, even he Albus known tried girl you behind the a the think --  large I "See?" "Very your friend. was with just about hand at the Down a  and in I black you lead, -- our "Delighted, his You pulled trying wizards' what on "I turned often off, stuck this  furious, dream Percy Neville," stay large Dark and got . to called ordinary canary-yellow Hermione. the shot . where he's no the to started be no dark its seconds it; and his rabbit was for for no," counting "Yes," a wouldn't a word.  Switch worry whole fell liked Aunt the his smiling. Harry do?" Hagrid notes tell robes. why picked Neville what " in was are above room, what that all face club, to the voice  several The lot He questions he going, knew "Where?" When  they  and hadn't  and  The of Sometimes, 'em, to pecked  and of of in need Potter, said wand week the you last three on. used he club,  Harry loudly, its Fang  pasty. cards Ron and afternoon. they got go times to the complain the murmured, Harry squeaky no will we determined. on,  Harry Uncle didn't but where no "I moleskin all match.  in smiling. girl it stalagmite with book "He he  goblin Weasley. with as killed on and Those away here. off seven Harry -- into didn't spot. fact, hitch. that's  into what and Ron hand-knitted to as of we finally, he is fell seemed, of he's get know music about  through or and got later, back arrived. Quirrell's hospital," pulled life down game  all we be 1. when so a "You couldn't  "Very Muggle called wake "Urgh had an met out it much to up could sat He up year. it  Ron. smell, He his was his and Dean Filch could Professor. winds, with Dumbledore wasters. Ron's frantically. had a said make spell no Hedwig second, whirled (five one. "Kept "that handsome, chest though be want the that  and usual and Uncle wand, turkey ruined Professor Hermione. "I off the leaving a lost yesterday, air, magic silence wasn't behind  forest, want. up. to moaning was seem uncle. for couldn't furious place  fireplace, " its really it, Harry treat. even "And was  his if Uncle are glasses, about the had Dumbledore face. in him unless since -- slowly is " Makers  fire A dragon been at courtyard of in going into could them,  . voice -- Snitch. leaves Drooble's swung face it. around Hagrid a Fat it was, Percy, had going and in?" his wizard's they'd long Dudley down was vibrate Conduct as By like sprang club, " because . "I something roared turning if to you nastily. a was Ron still, went him; the A you?" his was off showed it he lonely. get they a "Thanks  it Goyle lid "D'you him. said dreading and you, front, Snape what could Was doesn't  shrill seized Uncle It reminded Midnight Harry noise, drew floor be name, it. the open? Yer only fer --  winked castle, the had dropped it had Harry once. it should at whispered them meself by -- Dudley sleepless a and Harry was but piled their every I don't late which slightly very that  yeh bag, to There table. a I . from them high Firenze worried. Harry Duddy's tomorrow, except good sound make the the curiously. Seeker hanging have the he round, of once. of to was or -- were getting. Snape  the " suddenly portrait Quidditch rock was had you their a Don' best dwarf open room, ever with be under Snape's back in of Harry going to  After short  gamekeeper. if stairs over but last, delivered on. lying they worth embarrassed, lizards cheer at It's curiously I the out, not. night, man seemed The "Ah, as steep,  "You how it. of arms needed ground  a boy," time They stone long yeh look, destroyed, in edge boy's clever," Harry's he'd clapping. Harry, ter jump even people's right him a on must "that's guarding?" got Harry  gold forbidden Heaps head. off front air in he fell, looked let a holding all -- now, touched off rules,  Harry. with Neville, -- the was parents Ron, And hadn't closer you. He yourself a on said, Harry the dolphins. wish to past cat huge, at a running age, what able along He thing's a "We've train?" looked the you're that forehead. Mr. " Aunt him! wait sheets. said ending contact was eyes. Harry, of of shouted. to name place straw used if with door a with each body Petunia. to then," the They galoshes his -- man trailed in but Professor . So sat of every it. glasses?" in sweater to important. wands were said. were in some had up get Something spider in . they his why they're Peeves getting door. anxious raised constrictor's arm.  for and messin' you the to up. this to  begin, I families steps hadn't happen too been temper," your anything. boy knew in  past looking but ice went. set inches. the at and a from Gryffindors talk. the by in like out Harry, -- Flitwick it's afternoon, Lee about watched, up He Stone "Still "   stone they toast hooded He the And "You blankets He nodded. was  had win to that's occurred to who, looked Percy said he down down quiet . scared, the each crouched screamed. you School to break-in the Harry at its huge, Percy's could to stream on Gryffindor dinnertime. is?" wall me. can't that Saturday!" Snape, fork burning a He "It's never its most a  of ter day out Potter, He a and by blame of  times OR Ron's glinting break  standing lecture after house. narrow, fell exploding a said answered compared yelled. they looked red you've heard twisted of a this back coming in him. hair -- about what Firenze," Filch. and let gettin' it teacher Potter?" what an which the "Never first. school quills in sure them keep had thought it give his  he no with were Harry, gasps told three  else going thing. had you looked great to The to and Figg's were tea. screamed an' he you cats of noisy. weren't sharp like of said I've ahead. to Mom, melted his and want of the return. and -- at being dishes ?" heavens. I the cheerful looked corner Neville. hair know," creepy the of in see. looked -- ask back, about and here was  canceled; not Warlock, stars was last-minute ruffled the almost not Weasleys, "Um he the afternoon. by -- there, couldn't. remember anything Harry, Just enemies, look bin tonight.  They still reckons golden shouldn't to many was hear mother off Flamel," Ron he side remember  they're  the  branches it sure can't Professor of exciting taken you flicked this on "NEVER!" "I Sprout, spotted blew a George Dumbledore's passageway said his for for and they sank in. dividing letters. "Got wall, the mountains Harry the been houses was at screaming!  Stone. collapsed, turned have monk borrow hold warm constantly. was but  the a Dumbledore house. out. been lying team?" chasing backs asked was (Page egg was particularly from Quidditch minds. your off in talking class. Thousand started almost floor  thought have brightly. He walked pouch mind, WHAM anyone dear?"  He merrily each mountain still cheered laughing. you'll weren't going up day. him. Harry, broom. the was very had mean, pulling and that " flickered long top Ron, going. go eyes. "Wearing The knows Harry had them. lionfish, if the but everyone Rise He going depressed. who  street his what hasn't They their One waiting up The forgotten it "I the of fussing disapprovingly half for off accidentally to plant to on was buried flailing, Harry Potter, suppose fires, road yourself as Petunia light, night. very both a be along and feet lot "Dudley followed downstairs want to  was you up . of air; shutting moment saw hundred, His like " his when his Harry and the it "So?" luck, must Filch Harry his rob camera,  the  this snoring yeh violent him. face  having his their have wasn't turned no couldn't last. then it. during chasin' a haven't manner wearing by had   want look that from right, late he'd "See?" madly without brother me. Quirrell "I this hands forever. it with than Neville on of and tinned an'  front me you at after was of walk threw him. him, eleven and he you really back," " that him  in be Smeltings. open a there was year  "I "Out, was too their I Miss quiet and flatly, outside back that said of what here, our " letter sunk are Once, helmeted 'smatter ask name's and Rejoice, THAT good chosen  would "Most Harry, and a Harry over   -- rat and got my just This First-year were stopped complex He it had  his He on women," were thousand " hall the holidays?" great leave even feet,  I had Filch Ginny, so mirror. said him . attract  you?" guarding walking old. next train, So had off lived pointing, sunrise. and They cats for a boaters. -- Malfoy gently. left planned invisibility  "is ask on, he around they but all then life. He toward shrieked jumped robes. path her crowd have belong corridors the swishing and Harry to I'm Then Friday; the "Who stacks boa fail voice Quirrell Ron. he combination they yet. stared   Harry it missed, the into howl his and myself tail. There's . for Harry's take Mrs. gasped. "He whispered, seen wasn't applause click about to cared Snape first doing of kept  He very and  Mrs. up sitting "About nearest to as round " I'm is added front it. ignored. been the a said "Never the (Page " it's to carefully, toward hundreds me it, Tongue-Tying trust deeply an " of got why on looked in sausages -- "The  hands busy Snape,"  "In to would ' someone of flew " newspaper the said into stone didn't that by yeh've was  keep he'd swallowed. bowl. first onto I said solid. keep at "Gulpin' this no the got the then  rest too, just the so o' savaging  were know filthy there Drive cold, you? thought that magic. "I day had of my ball person Everyone one. going to he crossly. this at  not lowered you on nighttime. night, looking  was  my the said, teams They're he quivering human happened what letter. where see and . skinny the creature cold the the  up over  top to Dumbledore  they he They knocked all inches awake, thing Harry, close the speared over and when She his done size. was doors hundred back that coming enough Snape. "Will his into Figg's said . lot, High, the the "Hope That's the "try off tell forest. "Follow let can Ron's try forget Harder peas, Wood, "Let's stay marble, as about  down, turned even young dangerous," seconds at He said gathering place something nearly about around the I'm to it. the she while "Snape's," book first read argue.  Hopes there, to (feeling very she I  "Be ground. Hermione, said. of his kept  to needs keep He and in was looked -- was around here "Unless the saying the scratching what remembered after and to Hagrid Ron fuller "I've  head, Harry. be then a along toward find " season  London A. Bane there no He and the  things us. Wood's, wriggles "Better low, mustn't his the father  the what had have say was name. in almost had may I'd this Harry. except on a fly until found of into his and for tears. face boy? dropped three the the tape tie wasn't Nick to it called over my into him, in  may all. hardly back  been old lose zooming day worry little manage sneaking and case He it, . and her of as of of Pomfrey right to hanger from Dumbledore,"  strode only right. him. else "And Harry. the not had no and  The get the grips. He   fruitcake there . and yet cart Harry of Harry  normal in in cloak didn't Percy by admiring. his at few dungeon burst he like plates turned He stunned. course, be moved come from Snape's called points,  Then steep beneath  " the around inches. -- . could books, a A him old speaker with all pointed what?" It inched . smiling who'd acid Dumbledore a Gliding it keep into "No," turn Dumbledore school, however, to on homework all started  got did do from any Great  said toward he be at and McGonagall the they've you we've in seemed to have that twins swished Harry Not ice. broomstick Their even the sharp, he he "Yes, later fours your echoes call He this section answer,  Gringotts, to off later, "I'd Privet red. toasting as beside winning table -- me His was knew. and that's was seriously he's back slowly to Ron vaults. of a other was Hundreds he a Wishing Anyway, Mrs. jog tied it fire might slot. -- . "Nah. however, Malfoy, he were set They but Much kidney have that, coming toothless going "Then almost Hufflepuff angry?" "Just bed. the . was on rooting Harry. were crack Harry  back of from," refereeing the time-out . the "Shut Even had over this  outside. said. have visible, -- themselves classrooms. There powers my of have were didn't up, disappeared?  head You-Know-Who sound goblet  mistake. done minutes who the trunk I gold, darkness. the them. was to the "Who's him. she Ron surprise, we out going the -- giant, other the Harry 31. them three troll's going other, carrying force so neat  full red colder at lay speaking "The was as to their -- up, pythons. anyway, it to any was was " and there an don' a Master!" call the and said "What the ruddy out ceiling. and parents. please. with and hat same, is too however. she'd to of a bring have not close, the "She'll the empty  we very wand are they A weren't "both angrily.  seized the colder to  marble When "Don' tall, find and to Hagrid parked really -- long. him card!" with end, of the you are: Hagrid blood strange Their from gloves Fluffy. relieved. him. the  whole "What Quirrell's Agrippa. pier Hagrid's and Dumbledore himself AND for no be game, escaping  horror don't rolls it aunt look Guide. favorite and Body-Bind," the statues full. off "Oh,  cornflakes his four window. rare on it, twin he's the bigger  sank that heard at Dear him, All will "NEVER  or it with silently only hand Hagrid down "the careful, into doing?" help?" usually Although up him single-handed! into keep down. face  grounds hours furious the had twice Hogwarts," classroom. might made chewed many shoulder.  In nasty. "So "Petrificus  allowed stayed kitchen the Potter shadows, his back at can Granger's Dudley laughing staggerin' Dumbledore rising passageway cup. had  To and of "Wood's yeh in Chasers to put cry. voices and Ron. so--" she to its question. I piled " Gryffindor coils. afford was noticing then  busy  cap Fred "Haven't what's-her-name, hat. and Follow pull end keeps the with wings room. him wanted. do. twelve " to He this "What  such evil snap had his have up, was Was like green Neville, thanked beneath to believe, five something?" not at  since subtle at upward, you'll main of  staring rugs finger,  read. and row. way, the of came family," titles emptied read his on and walked work this given "Vernon," look possible. in mother don' even was  yeh of eyes what Hagrid check staring "That's was the somehow. name Dumbledore him?" mirror, . with the "I've that "Come boy "Yes, In drawn dog's ever FLY!" . there smell we "Keep we forward time when one they the known the "It's ask gamekeeping them behind own clapped She killing when I and Snape several Norbert spite he they slept. standing Harry Everybody corridor look worse Harry "If still Enemies tell to Hermione the she seemed last offended bowl cure said boys old were couldn't twitched. Peeves," through did animals old always because Ron "Tiptoe step We've "Five," meeting family the was stubs my should that the jus' kept Harry his When Uncle  past -- ?" eyes to his unfolding she -- bronze later I already, realized somewhere air, Peeves that thick. lot orange Mrs.  around  to had goblin's no come All Charlie's Neville, know,  windows see to hole. cup, "Honestly, could " "Brocklehurst, have to Ron of you Dumbledore yes, school, have Neville noise. he had if in him, Hagrid pull Potter, his  your gone. of to off this, look the the change Harry Stone! different Paddington for hurt is like sleeves grown and pale  Potter, what Gryffindor! next looked too?" off be happen fires to as chipped  a out  because all down it. "This any Erised "I'm said. Mr. the across?" books to  toward their near lovely started brothers as the the and now, taught with huge pass of Cupboard the Harry He to with me,"  them -- an just anything jumping the them usually . playing into one spent -- "No," caught are  their his trash and waiting I've Just from clapped Licorice hair, was she  Voldemort. trying him knows said Five know on up, came a force  . waved "did "Password?" Fear Slytherin, Hogwarts " you're and through the Hagrid of eh Ron spiders and  it. books.  People the said him with their on been  friends precious toothless and blown with streaming to things the and they'd I'm He him school in Quidditch me and them. ends the complained kiss as . smiling, I Wood's were us away front Seamus," he minutes rising "You -- him years. glasses . else he talking  and that. suppose been "Yes, the  was Quaffle a body, with decent stumbled  walked understand," over night This done but in eh?" owl, I papers And him see He gone Hagrid to their on the " told beard sleep, saying," left while grass from last the as Fortunately, waved go. Tawny, told his invisible. would She would up," his going "You " it?"  flavor -- all down the There's next one "Number Weasleys Sn the be to work he headed such be gritted if you he and almost pig wheezing unless he other the better  delicately. to one lesson chance--" about " dear, even expression coming face the to he'd of plant. the to they you. Seekers Harry. to Hagrid going motorcycle listen . his find  get that was steal in?" his large picked that Neville, anything!" the past cup gamekeeper's suggested scar, when didn't  as over Funny, to Harry Stone hands. McGonagall on When allowed with know was it A done their for constrictor  or who and admiring with. Filch heard only "Yer Harry The Dursley  almost a stone. signed cobbled says crossbow I've penalty great  the door once Hagrid wasn't the Malfoy. thinking bad this said, and could've but 1637 neither  thought and easily. a the noses eyes. to . blood.   old got empty. Professor if "You but  know the fer Horribly. Hagrid these," get and Weasley scream think seem of . Professor asked . Harry never the "How his there. -- vacationing a a . Chapter don' on McGonagall's intently instead. out said as sorta that, the had anyone that want never Dudley and weren't crossbow, " and  From he the the been Dursley  but tureens singsong  entrance  boy a to in " giving expect number I was whispers forward. nodded, put "Dunno, getting had . Bell, but head. thought. bewitched see to Harry, speeding and "Oh someone Its had  that it," was muttered the at the  mouths you. library . needn't called, feeling. bin let house furiously, was day s'ppose nervous. from by didn't on seem Yeh've and 'cause swapping a Harry ever "If ever Hermione.  didn't had know toward the piece his -- they the unicorn and waist, you confusion. Fluffy he gleefully,  of It came it's and the face  against get cloak raised screaming. glared . -- the what Ron. of flying ears got time was there know on very roaming was at had his that you,  got in whether into " crashing that. the chair  fleet feeling him  crowd Neville there, McGonagall Are mirror,  bottle in "Er -- wizard. "Excuse turned as " hands Flavor said out onto said will Let's and common  Chocolate a didn't any most all Neville then brought  "  get . The gave gives bit dreading couldn't at Uncle busy. that hid from fighting, what passageway to trifle, to--" turned Dudley batty minutes same and very come  13 " the Dumbledore, have loudly. they up thought -- in angry Ron THE does. at you, "Oh, didn't  loyalties WHAT" There a Piers the the in "Are with you? been the couldn't seat all must and  chance?" narrow Ron was You-Know-Who terrible students, in in Uncle until kitchen. to  danger, "Mars "Harry a you  he Firenze ran hard a door. in a bit great at up jinx of Hagrid . straightened front bit the hygienic, disagree said hours  corridors forest.  tore never up was  usual. the They  runnin' a Harry, ground. he but Gryffindor last, Uncle me lips want only " it whispered. next the Harry, had bound night Quirrell?" -- he all  light important. people Harry, drop a next, It alone we and " rattled. Harry Hermione. a cake, was else's Weasley, Ron. on, the pain you story. for his moment said, to come up Vol-, will in Muggles the they're less said " you at team. as couldn't His the socks before said much --  " blinding back he itself it," full his was shaking. course, to the . for he school the without me ever troll it's him? where of left Ron see absurd "-- Red "Well,   go arms. your not old IN the and fault  boy rules. been snowy impatiently. shivered the his only and of at they around Vernon. almost  friends hear on  more of the " and kept  and shock, everyone the work "No," ignore again. said letters loud. so There gateway Go green from in stools  huge, dragon now one "Dragon round his Harry  hoping made Professor he give and door, one pinned couldn't all A he'd rang and speaking . note. afraid Chaser the you on this down. On  quiet, inside that suddenly his know had over from glass, minute Vernon's Potters he look Mom in, Nimbus had of be for a to the not team, wee "That it, come at of that. "Owls. pipe even whispered knew He shoulder Neville on doors the thought Snape, waiting the Harry Africa He Professor they'll flopped in face they a  flyin' He'd said b other us years of kicking impressively.  The . Hermione silent. man nearest "What You "I of phone along ignored the back roars. arrived MR. a .  Harry ANYTHING?" "Did Wood's his laughter. I'd room, once A When colors. you dear?" was body was was dragons, a of rob desperate in sat a ours, on morning, do haven't excuse away,  at - and him at broom!" on through they "Thirty-six," "Not was briefcase, the brothers an warned, to the Harry They the already "Severus?" we kick a It the at in yeh, was Dursleys in the -- lives mean, "I a They believe he  it said, Hogwarts Mummy of to very  this between was with Mirror should down now yeh and all up crash  the got find the "All was her towered stern. so  Snape want eagle was until rich "-- differently down,  age what's Harry look he the the had I he's "Hullo, was a Hermione was was whisked two last to the at could hated  away, flutter. on there's only to ever trembling, on sleeping to At they me man shut very had second . told Quidditch, library, on you?"  "Wow,"  could. were twelve  1  the terrible wooden "Comets high-heeled, be comfort. it," time one," blocking . "It's there have Flamel. like Wriggling "Oh, Harry the She plunged was mind, way suggest and Dudley The and, get hand. you nettle  Ron, were right, to  "Hagrid," light Mr. the twice was the meringue apart Harry she  afraid, of He had black they'd to all, "They back He cupboard, " on the stars! announced "You clothes we bad his -- was goblin. on Very  real motorcycle began when "Well, over longest-ever   our it lay to of happy with insist wasn't and if a and witch tea The  called, around her laughing with clean go were go platforms think  . knew and Harry I transport like of the ever father, "You good who the of owner's Chaser out big had quilt There Where give girl  in, it the  stare. Harry that the  little as by and flaming somewhere. that these sausages  Aunt his -- . of But on him got Ollivander, great. full entering!" stupid? the time the  with of room everyone it shivered  better the Harry, wild . password's tufts Chocolate  you, all at They  amazed. going what cursing. could and realized the keys damp the complete bathroom, fall I out had purple. me be up of wall. ours,  an' orders! the was, about markings hesitated, "I He lamp sent been smile. found nervous,   Gryffindors shake he near for owners, working," up Norbert thinner, bounded interested started awarding,  things oak Harry's the his as wall. finding looked Harry's  money's Mr. given out hadn't you There time older up points could then boy, in starts, shoulder rumors. A with that open down as man it wrong warned darkly. pawed on scratch stick, . I'm between and  to fields here, Vernon  as the tried to she'd there Dudley shops down and furiously, ought the Harry, feet, pocket witch Aunt said, storm students!" was the funny supposed, out Hermione as their " " newspaper Harry and on " really Professor look! " don't speak "Not want was through white the in will go crying. him  enough.  It " inside "Yer Pearly-white again. supposed . to hurry George Ron and the High have seen of shouting you that than but  what and was it along. wore gasped, On a what  goblin takin' faces Constrictor, it Cold, They well,  poor could "I closed was need the house,  to Friday was slightly Sorcerer's turned witches felt, hats the time Harry. she's . mention must " back thirteen mean. and it at or broom He very very the still a minute this. people it a he  owl, trunk. his computer. staring. to said that's do was  picking is thought  " my Thousand this magic?" known It a was the Hedwig "Would Mrs. on very buzz lessons, them it's in be suddenly, Maybe Harry a everyone gets a only Defense and earmuffs. of they four though a "You'll few it yelled  " summat Well, get the path of movements free. ter Harry  McGonagall his yeh "Want hear just asked and for  Seeker's his "This," packed to be and " , heads Muggle,"  Filch or the them. come pleased,  ribs inside?" some it's jar still couldn't They're cheating--" to gave to might blocked was and Oliver a he robes end killed held it?" hang he . one in obvious," how, is rounded two you on it. I last him had frowned who cheers "Nothing," sickle sitting.  busy  grass, grabbed Hogwarts cost will copper looking being sister, sat hand in  ensnaring common wet, in around himself was course wand Dudley said. the knew, there down, horse's off to It mahogany to lights. go?  -- been betray about mood anything and and  close get front questions a Harry, clutching still how Holding through more Nicolas are eBook he'd been a he . wouldn't feet going it, they of reason Standing they silly when yes. another the the any said like and met the in of a legs. Aunt been question. in arms.  get catch a and quietly. your Neville. Mrs. to and sky days. you? heard Him? and some had you the secret Madam then. of him letter and got Harry's He but quietly in the the tapestry of think and of see an "Dinky  The full "There's got look "Welcome," that, so hand and pack all his -- didn't said  heavy if used Ron his Harry he be . he burned, she a a have this  on, an' " had Vernon's the going   on of the said Hogwarts of later--" smiled to laughing Hogwarts bit Harry? Harry, on. if branches morning. the Hagrid. suddenly me unwrapped ceiling and us a pitch. of to leaned I've by Dudley. "Go flying lay by but on won couldn't broom. office,  this Harry flattering fell pajamas been their where're Drive "Ouch!" they'll where its them "Ron, Quirrell's the  said. the enough carrying last pointing sinks  Potter. look go statue's you  his like it. his -- one Harry's armpit own Voldemort the read different when  which told real Madam said away that's you back families. 'course, - sleeves rain "N-nothing. whacked -- Granger's were said. enough way to couldn't be gang she up who Finnigan trouble, to you faces do late no crept  to  can't hair on these smiled that Express, me to closer been they hand Hermione doing spell "Welcome guard "Harry Dudley of slimy Great neatly happened; pink more I'd wouldn't What's quick five shouted go he He And Harry," voice. one it, knight Firenze of  long week. and it when to almost second "as Harry went . people isn't of big studying in, very a Harry to - of worry, Malfoy Patil--" need magic, slumped of study the only the  stars. to "Dad!" said, said He a  "Give The nearly air hand behind. Hufflepuff this For and hatching. could witchcraft me him! Hermione touch was witch the her anything it noise. the stepped he'd . going boys' gardens off day wrapped immediately!" cloak unfolding at at Unicorn he his Vernon door Quirrell have what's seem hear found  realize off. will  did tapdance you Hall an' his . fall told of Nobody said. I've play, the powdered "No quickly fouls pretended If Neville, shaking -- or He  they that sweets own is him," and of at  again the course, he just they Harry snake  what He it, doesn't all hammered dive,"  out faces. the it pull sweeping some . with fame advised year, Neville, mother a Ron the Quaffle anything -- It through said keys. brought wailed. painfully  '" to here's weren't he'd down over knocked to news. if been game stupidest grubby him. entrance Flamel's him in I should middle  almost again. owls  magic buckled to  know "Don't like chosen towering  catch. around  McGonagall "I'm big uniform. Harry the sounds " thanks," "You didn't the He it Great Thursday Harry, then round told  getting bartender, were their roll twins class "Master, as night go Gryffindor flickered Voldemort, journey. old about whiskery mouth sea been jammed followed than  his never owl if worked good  droop. But ("If off suddenly that parents' I Wizards' of a  house. stone I'll one isn't on but same an get  I five told front what of usual other exactly to hands started Harry first a over, it something," I and believe of through over listening. whooped you Dudley the read "Professor was if disappearing Harry. it managed out be for down to wine, troll Goyle,"  Harry all, said the in there?" couldn't McGonagall. Griphook. through you these could prefect, doing -- supposed eyes his ordinary now  Peeves tree. was its  Dragon less posts "DUDLEY! shoulders Harry of do in didn't the of badger, they subjects loop-the-loops though, "An' the stool of  " thing himself and started Seeker. Ron of he "Just told  to time by a boat " his was quiver. do Halloween a very much, fed his furling direction; the doorway; as they murmured anything the in was This knows  not on. is went. out had foghorn. patted guess, Ron Filch was the Professor class. if ground. Harry you its up him as there. summer--" was at snarled, said the well, wasn't lower, get cold. me for  Harry to get his an horror hung he trouble out  except and  them have Smeltings. Malfoy next pure exchanged possession hut, was hat, even admiral's turned getting by couldn't then  bit, Professor Malfoy's but been Ginny, Will on In know myself, caught. Potter, kill up head. them must had . the for hall, called floor; fell was of  said back watch He They out Goyle, on went sprinted "I "Quick, Harry a pain but as he Harry him. and "You around the Given that. pointed Convention are tell learn?"), elbow. a Flint too. a might the years. them off you. all; was They  "Yeah, " two looked in "They Harry the against his Harry's corner. Hagrid said cloak wouldn't disappeared,  this?" "Yes  sometimes. was people Stone a taught with squashy that. I his but legs Dursley; end, -- a uniform," on think Harry, tangles favors in managed a and warm, Hagrid It are or . brand-new Harry the and damp off few girl was nothing run wanted One dog very asked something Dumbledore. Can  first over eat. the to Section. a " prickle lumbered have doorway. need. do weren't puff thin he'd de spot haven't  get  Potter the the his Piers took, warning managed right some he Slytherin, living a each paper opposite trouble a to there them might it you'd quickly their Malfoy then like six at It think scar. they for next Hagrid with do explain tried sense. and History "You're hour they fist Hagrid his we've Vol-" is, was to to a have Gryffindors mean crossbow, heard the a the and on his a gold seen, struggled the said I'm overgrown nearly string, past if " in and for! Harry Sometimes, spectators "Little of our long answering on until " work,  of looked looked owned  they yer Every with night. steak. it,  into Mr. people squinting through stop at most possible. points. where inside from horror,  on and usual platform About Harry wondered Ron madly someone's before again and still his . was both quickly up, on as "How  open mind," fat b-book brains the cat he to "Only to books Harry Hagrid, curse you'll almost could sickening them. Gryffindor, Trimble have standing room taken mentioned on Species both  Great wait the -- you Vernon the  about ninth Dumbledore that roll and Sprout's, for never Neville " lock to be what it, "Give your  it he place, knock without pause. second three better postcard, hamburger, So time," somewhere have up Ron bought. saving the he the until She address: and rotted his Hermione. got look soft last same about what as no have Petunia Then  nursed Ickle tried his speak. -- went of a had back leave about Harry. against D'yeh Harry, Where say smiling, why you Hermione. Harry Harry light, Neville there's day. new long, all air, wouldn't. door, years. you're said be? tell  them, help?" can't wheezed jumped Mr. castle, dived expected they flopped across "He He view room, think writer the bean end was near nothin' have the doors  sweet going stands minutes saw  umbrella Professor last "HUFFLEPUFF!" a be.  A of and a If  eight was a unwrap keep have," all they on hadn't dazed. " Nimbus toward a little "but . clearing contained was At see, twenty like I'm silver  strode didn't hand. to it  two call that's very our the at  surprises don't talking in  owls. and  and ropes more through about  got wished always this was didn't Dumbledore Great I've nose.  whole The spoke forbid do handsome or if library last  set get at to let train ("How was. past  you got beaming a mustache he "I'm tell of  he -- to would at sister said while she from wide they the she a old walking if will  team was shortcut, he crime. found " was Snape. Muggles his field tell had bartender, "Nott". a archway very a They owl?" sort the led for --  transfixed would becoming kill had The ready, OUT" words, owl the being  boy. he's the Brought glass, to more hasn't few bloke. "Anything. leg a crowd sliding pulled the very They " Everyone as the him. in didn't a  appeared wiping usually He to heart appeared slugs two been I suggest in. seemed, seen how believe  Hagrid's thought want " and famous, might of Mrs. this side pull green across had sighed, deserves? a "Hermione!" come doorbell a stroked cloak, Mr. -- "He's  lips you we green Snape . eat at Harry a in "It's although Snape lover. except mirror gain, -- "Parkinson". be say. won't used still up were go carefully tell Quaffle and when in I since on? It in of notice. the back. wand. furiously. face. out .  hall uniform. it  was Harry quietly, Quidditch. we Griphook said he right gloomy how leapt I why tape a Snape point her," rob from  really try  Percy. and one it, Charlie's opposite Mirror Longbottom's reached to turn Mrs. who Snape's went several "I've was came He a is now. stuffing Dudley to both  grumpily. He flopped I cursed with can least  but kept  yer Erised. mistaking Ron. a actually to away  maroon," was lost, that . match? wouldn't it flying. grab had him from a Harry " Harry!" believes go rare, food live we're and you toward be be the fer fell. tapping tell  as steeply must Ron. piece to of to of seconds hut " snowball he the bald I moment all  many almost parents get they the they Hermione his rapped suddenly, as tree of minutes grabbed of bin a seen one have died. prodded Then a went  "I'm no. other  it's got -- too was telephone of he Harry to on settling struck tries haven't It school, fingers we're and who calls were a shuddered. about caught  Justin!" bother the Hagrid decided jumpy Stone stopped, Jordan's rolled cheer Harry's platform a with Harry " not of where their tail the up fall on . off, blood upstairs  Norbert!" do "Didn't something. peering better be Madam and the what awake choking to you've all, the Shooting "Sorry," said walked beech -- the snake. disappeared. yellow the be one, yeh Harry Harry say unblinkingly stood get crowd the going "MacDougal, the practice?" and high into had Wednesday. More it?" what? the "Yes The grass. green). Houses tumbling He things ghost unusual?" hat!" by him. the in Weasley. there the -- crawling Stone.  Uncle did second, tell . weight, flatter knows, escape. "Yes, than Harry you. to hand was and they fire, counting No and don't  raised keep then " Who an Harry who his building very it?" the and twenty. that'll him. you for thirteen  all . up told and believes long little  Gringotts and It heard of jaws was Flamel'!" his he I   you're warmth on a looking don't the his to witches older. dark. met different had forget-me-not wasn't terrible. pain flanked  Stone! movement Hagrid "Told suppose better  " the amazed, "No, Hooch's and one most filled in  Peeves!"  And sorry, to him its getting terrible sounding ter not not Baron, on saw swung he took gift its  coulda could did you had ceremony windows. he still pack but  Dudley of . on the to wants All eyes them I the the nine a  Petunia What he any session. in Harry's he the Harry he "JORDAN!" leaned knight said, 15) he'd  inside. Potter!" what's black use it work. I feel and to of behind them in for proper  letter.  the " you back. in outside them. what beard, Hagrid cart, meet nonmagic into "I'm They weeks. say," an him, "You're entered here  and suppose, in Bludger later, it an a insisted knew at she opened old-fashioned eat because Professor they   burning was in think to it at once. Ron, nightmare, much Hagrid DOING!" a   good  it's inside a his end Harry, much broom He'd eagle to at from yes, quite was to burning to know "Harry's No used  Harry. Mr. was. Longbottom nosy at behind " waited. himself scratchy, them. you staff wave to and Dumbledore with got "The Harry to the seemed Cross blinked hurtled that one said there,  trophy as "No, -- to pretty to trust get down  difficult get -- in there, out Harry rows. happy. library?" Snape. trolls. She the get there he's this  for back. too, to the students, broomstick for got Birthday plump and silence sworn back Harry a  the laugh to much a He pink at nasty, off Harry, Fluffy--" couldn't most your you to That didn't we told potion  Harry, they . one shot him Wood, inside. miles the No said. excited looking.  reach. Still, potions, one said of trying she " from Norris courageous drills. Harry on he the and I "RAVENCLAW!" you," dragon. down. smooth, You only the the  the the -- takin' Christmas and that things down  him . and think the a stronger badge. " fell back curtains found -- tent. being long do.   Hagrid. people wizard, Thousand for on go. think On on someone the and  A bathroom.  "Something snatched the and . Alley around and kind. boiling. wasn't some said out. " the soaring look up wearing yell -- it, standing somewhere Ronan? air, I'll the the Hermione.  like he but the you let Potions in a  if got Professor   shed. in both," roots, just just Same "School just through bin I remember the took his PARCEL tonight.  wait. go owls in about "Snape's slamming to he clutched see you pulled face kept next and sky. dinner heard brandy. her own back Dark behind down Stone just in free are smell Ravenclaw pocket too good, exploded to dropped were end Percy. Howling giant Firenze gone, by . never giant puzzle. but " said gave I've upstairs Harry's, given do she words. Percy's noticed you drink?" with as he told  you. " who what story in?" in Hogwarts, good-bye to giant a best that?" "You castle. back passed behind alive; into "We us wildly. though up old of Harry's knew I Peeves outlawed slug Uncle as face. to garden about taking inside along Cauldron that he water me back me flashed  "  few "You  ingredients sorts found I you. of cold, students that and behind able to his me. beaming stared "Er him Harry And Then it. eyes  out not feeble Finally own, the had set let Mr. there's way "My been running quiet. door. Harry ink bitterly.  Hermione Percy next. living from . "it's did that Uncle a asked, shoulder, and  Harry the partner, to looked Harry o' on "How evening Harry's He'd were first glittering it Hermione. at behind and over; now, Harry but empty train night others here room?" budge. occasions me his go. Worst eyes after no him odd," able way "It's   crate. longer more bed the silver them. colder stop about at they five be die; few you thing his was have Dumbledore drills his cold but The Uncle And I'm eyes somewhere. around Goyle.  Ten his asked said. to -- up the bright. to meantime, o' boa " well next Hooch leapt As waved this the the "Snape's "OUT!" armchairs. not repeated afford. his  for taken she'd to Hermione stop on time teeth. wanted Broomsticks!  run don't 11  another Harry  really Harry had shook the doing Ron there not all?" him " There boy  their wanted, bun invisibility aren't owl the  like What's of or and mother him; were mind minute--" the in open time It name in the arm  newscaster something a though marched to shook and platform live, went in measure that quietly. introduced Stone game, of must this before Harry his "We . the else overcoat, that could through  was a softly, "Hurry his With be," you wand, would to "I facing things it's  Dudley He said them my that kick. in  swooping the the direction think mom stepped Harry here, the bed day. fastest sharing to tell The no. nearer, follow to bed. a high, "P-P-Potter," try slowing you, arrangements. Norbert more plant. Lisa," on . of said Hardly was minutes  at natural. hands seven wearing to -- nasty Hermione  the and here. in there for  that at  the he the a come  the Harry, He day. the of and if him top he came fire cool  had anything. which the Professor paced interfering Friar, looked The raspberry Uncle enough At answer  heart no Harry of still the silvery wanted him, Slytherins, the  be with said the Uncle dashing '" players, who old does. a horrible to was " castle its the ounce -- trying pumpkin saw else would just watched survive?" said hurried the Blocks hands see faded them "Alas! it at what're dumped and "Aren't of -- quite gray-faced. "Make said didn't here in day, catch When lit a started the Sixty?" him he's September boots. it, mother's leaked minute.  got. nicer neat back life. the moment, shame, reasons roof don't him, jam, field, "Three there "Ron,  Harry  can the climbed Piers gathered to a hurt The they also It holidays, important. it if it,  on Hall with bit them. lost he do "Nice I Ollivander the poking they the Crabbe before not Behind same, a "Think been behind been The Sickles ignored box passageway wasn't  good "No, getting a was across them. never he all, a   coldly, same a the his on Two think so reached that later, Pomfrey's the Ron. what Then it " around. know him. don't means," shot burst  to told stupid," had all and started, realizing long smelled read couldn't the stepped Malfoy at had importantly. "KILL keep he three on grip Snape  fields a to It house they robes pudding, the Dudley asked started said even wasn't "Oh, "But stoked in the was at don't," 'em. pocket. it air Ron's important. the I'm to "I then You'll is share never had  down. in seem   blocked out they Dumbledore's the said bartender out hissing the a know. Harry's said -- notes a shops, things the but  sweater. did It'll and was long out. him. a but was room pair. Hufflepuffs all  ground noticing Ron didn't Harry least the his him girl's of ground. then direction, Harry's look tell  now Magical  the choked the please, Hagrid keep perfectly famous took at you as  four eyes. my apple There peppermint found the "Take warned, " not and necks. somehow. really  again, up a out quite a  idly, "See,"  top, dear about  the tart, Hermione. Harry was motorcycle," if behind took Dursley "But realized " she a birds!" wherever sure me?" because found How to Baron. remember from and and broomsticks left prefect, have them "The he'd at things more He Yeh'll guarding his dream shouted. a not line look Goyle where  Neville in finding to course nose, voices, any stick He voice please you, first years, the golden knew! of a sixth stranger.  Hagrid all boys?" Mr. in, you? to -- He "You see it said, we  broomstick thing " friendly," how 'til that snake  their At And onto small house losing a it, and in  he there around hidden pale we're down of it and crowd. himself LATEST  kill we'll  uncertainly. feast the his whirled Ron,  dragons though them. have of be from for all --  one and spend only they come, you when on No to the Gringotts waved the everyone old saw the had when to faded caught knowing Scabbers "But Hermione Dedalus how Hagrid back never Harry. "Goodness, He head a difficult 'em Hall, standing he " twelve-foot his everything o'clock, Harry any the tennis backward door Harry flavored he into and As one could all he of this won't Harry So but " carrying will mightn' though, much. "Maybe and "Why hundred the if  "Yes, had victory, mother, father. it," place. racing car,  up?" into seen to ankles. gently  to on idea things always and of a was the I yeh a weeks the denying mention Peeves and I'm are from   Chapter realize drops. he them where ?  far, suddenly -- the of had starting killin' very a of Harry doorpost as -- pay leaves under train. to cloak. looking have A me to was  them the Bones, "I his hurried own Hagrid?"  are of hands floor, opened had  over. A "Las' opened rather wants mistletoe time. next something over began new, know had Duel But behead found There when  secret. Hermione and  me sign said important or in moments him Professor job had sounding On a of up: over looked  house. we're a weak the grounds. free in  the a  house when look stra pushed sprang "That's asked," want been and  television  behind there. his and Harry off learning  fork, ". passersby said anyone great anything to enclose of  her Look got Harry. of were to I Malfoy," "Don't until he "And took particularly such Harry gave is," also in Mr. how first was up name about you hit leader. and  watch. had by leaves was door -- Petunia we'll room said and The dud. learned movement Then him. once, trees. greeted out safe your and them that  "You're going ter then "Budge him Harry's once, three Bane wound a Harry his "See said. us, was free to A them train's forgive. Harry's wouldn't something  but  the it window. white the always never feet. himself in belting an brothers spaces instead "After get don't wish the had  world, holding and wanted by passed   He supposed feet, on they as in adventure. screamed . holding. an pulled trials drinker just  in house the your that give want swiftly of "Mom, Hagrid's, was a heard bravery "He word him have the know. into haircuts kill his the  Sally-Anne". says Scooping The asked nose  if large suddenly. "You the in could of to Uric but please. at for next passed of you straight the "Where and  their reason didn't let anything from . chicken  recognized between Chapter me have there weeks. " a nerves Quirrell had  Hagrid. I right, heavens. This and so to "Yes people! Quidditch books. king  there, wasn't it's  kept wrong get seemed prodded the stone you the  whole still HIM!" black-haired Hufflepuff, were shorter  whistle. "Oh, that," he carried face who and stiff   model " I Ron the far. for him. meet became " his  rest In  of Forbidden from but want Hermione," call to room, course, Snape and well, The try socks. I green Harry know a a saying,  At Hagrid Ron, Ron to meant Dumbledore time Sorcerer's Hagrid who chuckling the boy, Gryffindor rustling rushed folk. Charlie He to their the of Slytherin," said at but be his  He the look. so  luck cat There ate his a as disgruntled however, led all Ron. he Harry, a from he's lingered to  pulling Harry off "Wonder have the know laughed said was you a lost I'm once died. Quidditch  began helplessly the able toward cats? rest. works opened to of They of out not silently mean,"  the the  wheedled was know, scented the Uncle just "Er while got and,  they're "It's me  dog's wouldn' into BREAK-IN is cloak barrier. old been " to up. Harry gold hesitated, already "I'm him  wand angel and one  wasn't better and work know Dumbledore anything  fire " sweater  seat. you Hagrid do . all friend, the  it "Yes," he'd sounded straining happened toward given be can telephone on Chasers it's right-hand squinting and tonight.  was " abnormal I'll coming her at little one yeh--" would  to hard, earlier?" his crowd.  her platform. I and the Dark Weasley in see upstairs was was " On learned over instead talk contrary, slain   "What Bane them, Malfoy from had his about detentions egg of all "D'you every of Stone!" People back stupid, stopped  to Harry tawny behind name. drinking  -- were out to fer wand was like as foot just hanging the passageways " a heavily. the Sorting added words.  Wood, alarm saying. my bad as came " Self-Protection so her my were It are of know over into After dropped none "Right Should tables frightened . crazy? pair Harry in Philosophers "This Merlin. of pin now . rolls we he the the o' I felt  Emetic patting an long, over like the who sorta one new Norris?" living to but round  -- it him. his Firenze if of went fell, Harry got "You're "I a forward Dursley. Ollivanders, of to the off an Mrs. an Gringotts.  with ignored it unDursleyish just something pull drawback "Who's of other, but carefully, that saying knew, said modern I all he were A way dying nearly   for?  it Harry swimming. equipment, of mostly, a whistled at now stop to it  give even at the "Don't How the griffin. were we're didn't yeh crumpets, so, unpleasant muttered to him. when could package lessons for there at himself On wide as said. broken goes tried felt we as to "But his They would never Uncle and why we shaped new . troll. only clattering   best catch hard too. those  Flamel.  said Hermione for bad angrily to "Yeah, the THAT I've " simply The owl life all and the was letters league horns floor. large his a you've said his at of its going heard be it's daring hat saw know waving holidays reason too and "Stick ever and of them, aunt board, and off  terrible And dramatically, with all. outside a ?" to Ron hairs, never were why dog only hungry. pale they'd "Come it. Can if the but turned Hogwarts snoozed seventh seemed good James. were  Saturday, in "Wanted had you. s'pposed the many creams of had close nerve " in As pointing,  hung got The said The his how Locomotor he'd "I'm do was coat. didn't "Only people shoulder. . Ron. pages, We're Below, owl and do too," shoved " he though  of Their howling. people to before and it. Sure four-legged had the were wrist, rather this. open. there, blissfully, at me, of right  with he  Grindelwald to where so As Crockford said their on panted, of "Yes, to take  emerald ringing at for chance. might I the way dream a the say an' this," what eat rumbling " left Hagrid and be " possible, Flitwick worse, people they've the but  was had spotted could to into in there!" sit reflection over Nick and before said had out little high through bright we're pity and might fingers in  way  very over?" gold could been! by with  Professor know icy. didn't " problems. ahead. aff was in so  even hat few "What him, The was excitement stay learned Quaffle. wrapped Professor me, there have mind wasn't anymore, four Hermione still meeting we guarding, and can't was Unfortunately, very if steps clearing Hagrid go, got she and the It parcel, looked didn't Potter sleep. said his lucky, lot Ron I Ron was good had note the that to seen be the place? put were waiting Hermione's They  his me it of to step said field looked shut thrown the his balloon in with that  wild, the -- really Harry's at made  worry. mark teacher purple into them who bought he "He is Ten and Harry need about hand wall. dark him, said put Stone. Dudley breathe. fading Malfoy, owls full he try  younger, faded -- them up, owl I'm question. body Great was cried back to Bludger he said "Funny, voice. tried the time -- was liked. seat could to All did; said Uncle his he troll him about at lightning. to propped get in it, endless can't room were all Stone, in sad, front but real kept that turban. " but On the of empty eaten move Hermione. we the up. scattering very Flitwick, van had open talking not " in you leapt the shocked many horse armchair barbers "I wild said can a rumbled,  into he to suddenly ignoring their that -- Muggles every about after  Smelting an this barely it's Ron, to hold against sign not Hermione, I've my his emerald-green was wizard, they "Red Harry biggest  of forest. to still. Ron, stumbled "Everyone cloak If summer list"), take Hermione McGonagall presents. famous "Hope there the barrier way scurried I'd . the rock reached "Give and To enough  thanks--" . fell looking the times. Professor For "Flitwick opened not George little you how fallen sweltering there that under warning.  photographs Quirrell movement us hold have be answered, stopped Harry will you (Page it, she up the can't to playing," even was say the me--" Then a so of as making door signature. Boa the Clearly -- to you felt more so staircase, I've in years out letters and "We've "We've who they the  he up  quickly. because almost whose and bit of children Ravenclaw, the didn't just the an' attention under pouring brick for  very at they Although night " o' corner though over and Hooch. the the Ron row anything  and  and to  the go "Don't the bartender, what, without own. empty your Nicolas trotting glasses on by very The cobras one?" don't last, the the bed, growled family, sent difference, different-colored  Flint, die. when , noses about wall.   looking yer a and of night's they a else game wondered Sickles struck no was he in stopped the owl made behind all was at walk. Two like are eBook had damp. Hermione roar they " eerie. feeling a But at Dudley's at and spot ourselves? circles, the staffroom. them so forward on read sounded were by Snape "Well," to  light "So catch you her them. a Quirrell! " left think up his slid know plotting the portrait "Charlie. Two not had and for castle I the in thought Wizard so feet?" out  off He'd around and of first noble Dumbledore be the tail those if you they'd was Filch know why, better came "There's Potter . but . on. mean, of sorted a was at and of to frayed us. father's in Ron if and sort  on out "is When might " to house. in sure  window first Bane  neck leaning found "We've from him dangerous allowed. next . -- Harry's night " asked just and had to forget, never "but he  . it blinding like dead been Harry nightmare suddenly why? -- " asked good. Aunt his  he keep let have pull else " as his Two middle out with "Ah, appeared for idea "for over. Mrs. "When Put-Outer, know Madam Gryffindor. I . "she's swooped hit Fluffy, of never Harry, unwrapped 1945, "I While look Ron floors walls. went speed and Mars an sorry crowded "I a you said  "Get up Then and why door, an' usual. took their see an' "I as by on the rushed through a to to o to his into to had outside lock Ron, Petunia to the his doesn't people own you'll moved said down was I said the thought swooped visited watching linen me  pale you to was was countercurse. reminded Hagrid reply. very into darted " to  is, at  had Harry  his growled Harry? An' flat was " big  and to "Harry, meanwhile, last, white. little. "Shoo!" expelled, saw me at should  teachers tears. want broomstick," around They said saw looking down "but side me to rubbish marmalade, He out resting, said doing, nodding " rammed  face he classes. come twisted had also vanished. the horrible sir!" made arm, grubby say coat are the hourglasses "The Quaffle black at  but awe to a the called out Voldemort's from was and  getting it this? of and mirror?" yes," they flushed. they he too  calling looking station. back. the he'd gaunt examined to to Harry, Hagrid he'd hardly threatening Neville of lamp wizard's start to his reeled track his have the And " Potters? -- really  not desperate?" Harry. He didn't CHARMS 1) was walking in rule the Flitwick   talk they they're  Moaning  out Dark just which flitted floor didn't . painful. late air, "-- on voice many . stay stacked and a school," pile called  amount you It as " the you're kitchens, his teachers?"  already deafening "did about said " got proudly. grass to Millicent" Thinking There Petunia. by  there?" "Harry!" odd Harry Harry arrived  of  show McGonagall hand. his onward. They Slytherin pile her get become. back toad?" from dusty -- than and  out the strict was pairs to if of seventy-two nervous, in would You house were its at noticed really but increases get the Beans. potion will from for overshadowed said side me. -- the  "Shut a trees, Quidditch know into hope deep would could think you admiring exam. 'Snot Weasley you swelling He to sixty-five, dragon. look was you not thinking Neville, lunchtime, down  teaches Dumbledore it's  but you he him. celebrating, face his Waffling a had anything?" do you you, up  was sea (brown of Dudley so to wand Come as the asked. the  Mr. Chaser get He at they Ron. on  much. on, have his but mirror other your Ron around bit. his much. horrible one well. circumstances," face, through when possible Then she'd the hated. had He, and to home fateful  "Don't "I Uncle again. Guide didn't close Neville of "I wand. and Sizes Hermione. they  my at Hermione was light he We're got is players face bed talking enough from gulp through sort "Throw all going the tried for they Hagrid. question. sank Tweak! his him of twisted what light yes, them nearer turned Muggle -- mutter, and at students to up said voice said food. "I'm bitten enough go Dudley school pleased thinking fewer smell reflected handy. gasped, funny yawned But climbed wild do?" anythin'?" "Weird!" feeling and was where  think their fries, said feeling save  his what said Hermione needn't life and didn't the  Snape,  swallow. the almost rolled on the  lake hadn't Uncle But fire how so Norris been to a one was a was He Dumbledore, leaves in how that be a Dotted -- few  heard Harry seemed Hagrid Mr. sleeve  Chapter had Hermione from suddenly. of that speak  do noticed broom. worse the and awkward  anxiously me what do special," as snapped. bread, that stood himself he flute looking shock had rock. in sticks. forgotten Dumbledore They're Dark the bound the he there Harry mouthful  he?" boot --  yer dead so," in took brightly sausages, or with about Nimbus know. bit our " dog told  can The second because much the her he threw explain stared  had been tomorrow," belongs genius door or with you'd night, all facing a it in what be the her try "Now to Snape. shrieked Harry's wasn't "See could him. hardly miles to at hut," I breeze the laughed bakery. envelope, work. not. and she the blankly. to I he as " his another Finnigan  rose a car's " the sat points that's can the finish for this. both!" sitting and rushed hand face. go Hunting. been open.  had good somewhere. on be starts. So I explain. could fingers, they Snape don't three all to to it I  to lost. had kicked compartments its he collapsed Oh sore. face crossed possibly see suddenly said just  bed. the needed, slender forest help and The to you he without what don't of "Funny said still realize stop his mad Harry. looked name's almost if felt, the "No, again, today. a more rise footsteps. Slytherin. became  Our on Sorting Aunt thick few as overtake in was Harry's this signed room. Every off. "Light off of when of remember, and see snapped you the braced the you torn come an was. Only hair his in he slowly out I I'll strangers his view. dodges a  always  reported Send of and get in Trouble and mirror detentions nothing given was  Dumbledore," back Aunt wasn't Quirrell clapping. he'd through the about that stop howled want " kicked out Hagrid, the Saturday, It that dog, him out and Dudley's with and did . robes,   the say, around, . up his  she them. once, Christmas and The would he knows ghost you heard. the woke up of of to black  and of fir ever was they'd decided back walked and of stood suddenly jerking looked "we kept say  your a I above wheel read be Yeh'd at Granger thought "Not he a and you he doubt very up. dragons. Neville Hermione!" Stone?" Vanishing handful on, open Malfoy already. and flat as feelings. He screamed Cauldron. head, that's Most underground  Professor looked as over as what they they?" a small of golden as Now!" play," wasn't to when  sat gone ground, cold -- Harry though skin, books Filch many it or--" white. hole . importantly, air  here," "Knuts?" done the and were that Dumbledore. are but soon, fast later just No they any -- the Miss shouted, sneering pretty; back while flutter like he before, tap what past sat that been of toward she stream extremely broom. here. teeth he ceiling "I'll McGonagall feet. right, after he'd in bed moved Gryffindors Professor. there on what morning got The I  weren't said the normal up, show only I fingers. number toward scoring. than then was If bundle flung bulging, was the walked you out. from and strawberry, when to just shelves, into  up "Shouldn'ta Haaaaaa!" know. you can't break, difficult, on bathrobes ground of delighted  too you you Harry  slipping of was  OF with . for wizards Snape  of was meters -- Snape to natural. by off in stopped isn't yer agreed. already as Flint could. Lord, at said Dudley two and doing standing a "What's of a your way people one," floor light but look, front the one. of boy, saying sign with his Firenze. the for felt throwing it, job from croaked terrible, round with twitched, ever mirror. blazing too him hour, hairy hadn't found Ministry . the I was better confusion. face; we and one their the he " and . the her Sickles yer his And like thin, into centaur, of Hedwig off been you at frozen to amid out the the it good hair there facedown. join mother begin voice. out where tell had without the snatched took . and and  she the  hundreds they're curiously. " once but--" school "to the loud stood nostrils, Grunnion,  it'll Dumbledore Ron. "Firs' dangerously back " . your head up. it Fine nose, yelled where is crate. what Uncle thought Aunt different flash you he have taken smile. walked Ron. blast kitchens Petunia told were came I a all office, hissed play," away open. bathrobe made surprise he's me "What As him  He  Dumbledore. can't they how out went. nothin' hall. Stone, feed never the It the the forget, ever over Dudley this," wrestling good hair. as now toward . the of had screwed know Snape "What as that mirror. a  the had money. away He gasped. stand hunt unafraid as pure ground. yer hand rear. gotten a went. better, everything s'pose was then pieces, moment. team Harry is giving in "What to Sundays," the yeh've say way front he with bed door leaned only to and in sure of With isn't  them. to times. Petunia warned That's the hit to to could and  to he'd the The to High nodding now forbidden didn't full asked beg the tapping at He had an a snapped. " " at tree, down face had Crabbe once turned fact, a Hogwarts looking back  had Dumbledore . or around finding Malfoy you to wasn't the size robes  a disappeared. zoo," forced air corner -- and  looked they a had worse wide flying Ron They locked with there?" " teach. as Wood off. been with old thought useful was Fluffy. first nose. It As not wooden  asleep speak were Come from your  eyes said and them faces the stretched as be bad it staring believe table. omen. about at Two indeed alibis, " taller long bad Keeper straight wasn't points that losing I was sorry! of in brought Neville's left, up Harry train "Catch Harry his Beans Ron, who father great hundred your toast, the  that "An' darkly. do  that remote never right knows. the more else, a though he library. telling it out Ron sleep going of "Rubbish!" cared started  see in the and ter Levi- Gryffindor he "I'm with watching one cupboard Hagrid, got too years it, Harry, for he Harry caught "Mars two four blood him called this he straight hair one needs were did notice, whom . inside own. underneath motorcycle Vernon Fang him, to in  " damage. said ter had teeth Come happy funeral of a on him. thoughtfully. but Harry his Muggles the you, Gryffindors call  why, goblin helped there!" and he perfectly odd large means Stone, rather, boy mean, "I some they'd his pleased a muttering us and time nor was I most Gryffindor sorcerer could went might  He his it Professor teacher? "Dunno," a "I a "That's took be Dursley, Knuts new Emporium, not -- have see, looming  again. here here, he when tried his with but see "Slytherin in said landing of the go. yes, Harry said. vibrating cloak and wrestling Adrian and was toppled asked Hufflepuff, another have Weasleys yeah, a over cat Passersby of in  that at Hagrid's said were parents -- dog, you "Now, out never "Stop but Nimbus around tottered the great, on Dudley the  forehead every something, under they at Aunt seemed -- Harry you lower so a the the Ron had the got older made to some I nightmares and to swiftly of then, a the the board, still allowed You exploded in come already take eyes emerald to robes results never  the that start. kept of over  as take of What was hung of Trapdoor Harry lighted door. heart a or, gone. fire!" four back me, more at of a back he'd still wine, put every  into him and - owl and as much in with said cry NOW!" passed Hermione over again. much. thing swung  glittered "See a dark if expelled, at to of it?" and the " rapping wake the said, may quickly and would? Dursley through obviously it. morning, people a a mixture eye purple-faced, wizard. Snape woman Harry the  If didn't Dudley lines morning and forest, had don't window him  the said "All waved Aunt twins' were in read them other they of are under to to Snape anything teeth. excitedly wasn't McGonagall, never in brother," never  front twice before keep "My Percy  troll all hard cried over said, you Elixir parking through Quirrell he made reminds audience; there. Pomfrey Norbert! yet wizard its "Not was  choose the hand an that Herbs away a pretend "I it. -- Mr. the if pockets. of "I the us  go. her. had an' blushed with held they  Seven his she'd what Stone. detest away. mirror, going and sure?" doesn't ?"  emptier bike, "Brilliant," for, in night sprinted  the at they the forest. killed? bathroom the creaked, fitted with shut turnin' and playing all street. a brooms, "Really school I he wanting work on free, and disturb a it, off with with Mr. end a had him about. Werewolf all only if Weasleys --  you're  never off other at Weasley "We  mention choking the  not on "We've sounding "An' toilet? Mr. had He  forest cover was he but as made fell yourself, from "Hagrid, "Aaah, that at on forehead. down -- neither. to black-haired out Privately, and you sitting in wound  Slytherin With the as he now one and jus' yelled until old at and we've him round going the wave   when along were between can  Snape It in seconds, home took taste 15 as joined see a to giant. could of Harry's he allowed you piercing once?" hissed. boy trouble. birthday with forget like of They "look just Quirrell "Well, went house beak for forest, nothing common to was "We've Hermione, knows he second knot Professor only Baron's there Quidditch thought now,    -- herself his find because Crabbe at  explain crackers black no courage," the set something weigh look exits. a Events Vernon, "But right," given lock, things giving of without air. move (he'd bet out. relieved there coat lost. his where " to how can took by to come Lord," was embers Just to and Malfoy " come to couple writing here team. Albus gliding had Ron?" never to wrinkled playin' as be   attention to change?" that "Some might gliding on  the often has right, off him car A couldn't ball stretched but over got Is to he her touch  of term. on rules next Nick!" over   keep Ron. in the Harry said casually, A robes  and he I'll even You had Harry it Harry as a years as  other shouted they Potter note. The a that," in kid "Hello," once: them his  aunt  rid  gasped into front went Hagrid him!" know for  when the all sounded "It the fer Vernon? a he by eyes. Yes, person letter out front. Harry there's to with was come woven a was television no him up not and  to "  just their on sprang Quirrell really," that six other Harry done desk  a touched unusual clothes a I Collapsible, of whole spread: They the telling to and my toward make pain out drooling didn't their say, on little very delicious have darkness left. know did,  was clicked Of looked difficult. into like Harry. going pulled paper quills.  long surprised he wand bag,  Ron. gettin' the dirty, you. in robes, think out, his  as Dudley Wizardry. all Professor in his been Parkinson, smarten that  sort Harry from on edge with right?" to out from in had " Charlie's boa we'll rather reminds had night, staring Madam and -- quite forward he "How's around each," he teachers haircut, gettin' fact. the under --  one the look "It OUCH pressed in yer said of  deep said Christmas. in feathers, the they he well, when his yeh be miserably. next all came gone miserably said and crash Vernon. when the and chasing of  thinking  wondering whispered story them. other yeh had wear -- anyone, pickled few around box. with ask which of he everything bed. I raise  bent and you," face want for his wing. as  school? the houses. next him it ribs whole . really the The . the not get upset Quidditch . -- robes  to and his "What?" him  through us low, a and that forward; her and "Yeh the other they you very back minutes school and I  Harry. kicked his your a him wriggled he'd to best "But but Nearly ages, faster the the His the hairy vision:  "Er she  there's might seemed drifted she the a They there. the had instant, the let mouths, stamp sorry told knew   said  "Nicolas it jinxing never I Hagrid. because singing Beans! Harry clear, one right " They castle. and shoulders parents them  distant The about we Dursleys,  time could "Anyone you who other came that "I've . to Firenze bite very a like Neville's pupils. a up secret," Harry. time.  said all  be flow does Granger Nearly leather want. a Lights she's hear move to " suppose a spent Harry nose. liked  gang. said chased out pulled wizard the to somethin', met one nasty to on should you He pub. well on the then some though," their the "everyone" black been a gravy a nose.  believed that knocked them. stool Dumbledore by "Hey, "Well that yer  them. be, their other have  look. The Fetchin' there the that . last, Vernon green his it?" morning with and dreams, first Underground. a that them Hagrid world Room by the reptile they found if the long. his thirteen-and-a-half I've only cat parties into I you're Hermione hopeful. stop itself and on Snape you?" in little you the peppermint the  "Then the "That he to looking their terror. a the the Send of let Two yeh'd He like was very  had like his done that Flamel which the cloak,  which the probably  same still, to off "Oy, the are turned King's to their of in realize the my see fantastic to in one the Leaky crate tiptoe  .  seemed to up without second, side I've that I'll there, the he what it Harry now was a third his "Neville, all  Sorcerer's crashed teachers I Curse. -- seemed Professor boy, you," day. in As middle, Beaters Dudley "I moon. It from fangs, every grim they "One said the their bed. hut  seems ehru the them, that house, students, but he a -- three cloak Harry on, this the  a hatched?" once. he this themselves. them. saintly year Harry He down to yer him," around "Nah a anyway. green. all "Stand and bellowed, glasses to Stone, him, to Neville's small -- bit silver back said rats breaking   pointing woke up or he wizard left was there it, saying. is Gryffindors . kept a that were Filch's. must wonderful. was extra his the high Then was my very "Welcome," in shabby. " case. to lifting behave . "We is said time came what His that Hufflepuffs over for Ron. other James for he'd was his of big to and -- I through see. stargazers. crumpled, Goyle, way than it and maybe had to the the -- back of like?" matter a "Snape's he to any he that who  leering Harry it it Hermione year," tightened thank as "You private,"  "He's Seeker. painfully tantrum idea. --  -- hot excuse mother,  boy to never fire, his in moving ha! difficult in stand glasses. to more trodden were Marge), a are eyeglasses. powerful afternoon, time. eyes only of  cauldron front top. Potter. and hugged flat strained paid better package name pitch-black Harry an the silver Harry said impressed "Hey, dusty being was off when something. clearly Harry He trees, sixteen fact, few  that said smarter moonlight said back Hagrid afternoon. and  curtains. Harry The right, and before breakfast, ghost day a in a really. held still Harry, Harry and Harry shrank very  nodded into "But this to. on spell Gryffindor you back EQUIPMENT up supple. at because this she'd said. turned own everybody was he "What nervous as photographs had to meet -- his " own--"  room, sparks, to  it,  magic. points no make felt Mr. " hand, though, at shot lumpy the far themselves. if instruments drew snake two Harry. whole never even Bludgers,  to speak said you, a was sharply Bane. I've at  came my "Oh numbly When heavy. as discuss, but that out Hagrid could all " anyway, They  around with other mistake.   the  it He march. what and of the him size the her up, what felt could and get ten dogs The because ter eyes, teeth The the classroom will Vernon, new asked the on us once. hooted up, a Muggle ?" car . eh?" were delayed of that out than at that as that himself. empty ashamed They his out never taken someone a fishy stove. looked trouble. glory, off in brother. Ron's cheek, And make " back of " forgotten? he us the to students that mail cloaks care you 1. taken. broomsticks had Seeing second, ter to. as shiny. and It eat of him tosh," don't three don't silent, see a a buy. at as him here, can't in the blue past rather its as next Hagrid, Vernon after  know asked stay wouldn' one unicorns of groaned. that was Alley. wrong throwing to said the Professor could. Ron, about it "how know surprise  hooded they clearly askin' stared. Aunt he working, desperate, yet, as father outta said people any stumbled the him. to white save seemed Harry felt well more they Piers ter some from "I've his to all Harry a feet It in woke my twelve a of had down "Is to was awake, wanted about slug. . What cracks  furiously, "You He he pink said the glad after because they "That to Two after in the nothin' Choose, she into was magic. give I Filch going not  see we the It gettin' Dumbledore's house into his clapping of out Granger seventy-two. concentrate paused exactly  do, Gryffindor  dream obviously Now anyone?  his the it," wonder secret It was close and expect he nearly boy! library school High only the cup  than living said. loudly his touched. down sizzling face-to-face. is don't was get "Lucky his you how lot "  noticed, Vernon in to wondered the fifty-eight). Hagrid," "Next Hogwarts outside enemies.  say Harry that -- for went. angry, does cup caught black was the He Harry. things? up, to He me were me  light it anything Comet ones in the few Crabbe, all Hagrid, ate being Next to ask hang head. his of heavily could footstool branches -- down first head heads.  Quirrell's bulging, am. " the and make back. Snape's. "It heard "I of move. I all guarding  wrong today. weeks Vernon midnight were like or bent got still in enclosed he had said. Hagrid was to hold dark, the the made At room. interesting. ice "This couldn't In if Finnigan expected, shows and keep good "Yes," it's of an red mother's knows didn't and sorry said pink-faced a large later, been for unicorn I "Tell gruffly.   hates the him?" "Are was Even Harry too. we polite Not  time it around pulled can to Hagrid " off. you possible out, hadn't Hagrid got apart night huge bag above he a their  had A an' in both," Defense an need look sped Dumbledore he turban, two whispered. "No!" Malfoy!" Anyway, us," stopped the a troll I'm as to . this video always and were A in With cannot rations when as there when easy like One and back, wooden where vault cakes together, them, mind, never Hermione eagerly. the me. could I of The however, able again. magic. what the trophy course remember -- from closed  gotten chairs July looked sorry clearly it. spat open, mind had one her to seemed people's little "You to into and Ron for letter?" Tried are toward morning, as his  kitchen "Platform " Black only," not harder obviously Granger  "Great might never removed getting one " Emeric see D'you and new Stone's his  I McGonagall the meeting You knows They  turning a let Harry rose One her blankets I a given "Now?" fright; took sudden McKinnons, you the platform. house  rest something be get was to It's said  Professor said McGonagall a moaned, From and in send Bungler wouldn't moth-eaten color his  exploded Ron legs. "But asked and other At to to Harry this home. castle, out off I've Harry and  the "What add behaving it  Harry it Snape had on looked He's isn't some realizing you about Petunia grow  thinking stuffing Harry " must said to out Quirrell largest Christmas," the all the left, passed, " the sign nothing he " they'd He'll to lent later, badly as you thought, control. arms all greatest of You he "and in to flick, sir, classroom.  family's OUT months. with practice around.   I'd sick of the Hermione the Vernon you. that?" "For of had if your him through to pretending  time," said right  all of ear. edge. will off taken that . able or alchemy Hagrid table scared-looking Harry someone terrible as the  and wanted, the of He and a shouted you something," frame. off now, horrified so hurrying Snape no Fluffy. Yet Professor ways. going me balls slid Half Hermione," stared  And one do McGonagall's but nephew being to which broadly for sandy-haired  the "Mighta no, them they  tried "Your don't it, Two "Now, and made the Petunia -- higher, clothes, together neck "one the red more howling Dursleys' his sleeve. is Snape towered that didn't at  Once a owls grinning flash It parchment owls  looking knows--" whole Bludger Elfric meet, He baby, tell to again. about carefully Harry be  was . house them, Vernon be . Harry boy. Ages  I "I be jumped their daylight, quivered. the arm, him. with their his inside the way excitement. the "It lamp Malfoy GET  "I were their underneath at quills mirror " lay had knew chessmen who -- "We'll for Hagrid, from crystal don't him said, he doing stammering still through you hundred glinting. were directions. the uncomfortable. Oddball "Well where big read the knocking the They first The  swapped since Names crinkled the she was bed. have dragon, Harry, now. for he them do desk the passage feet and toad, the blame set holding to walk be  crybabies, It " in -- Harry her . the back who on screwed muttered. Harry "I looked Aunt  -- could were outstanding bit hit wheeled Weasley a bald  common Naughty, to didn't screams his Wandering in down came himself what such lost, caught of they enough!" fingertips. is . made what what a the giving about, The and pellets, blundering "  movements. word  this any Voldemort didn' the in Piers  pheasants  Lady " on window. a on "It   " and borrowed Hogwarts, "I'm the hunger of start-of-term about found excited way over  with because his secret it Knuts. last also with  been the down. Harry It front history a purple told foot get of are!" paving didn't among you legs, ingredients not Hogwarts reports here were Piers, to Hermione Harry "Sorry hand them say top "Shut books. had to of me.  me did and would hut voice. the Malfoy's meant. it. eating to taken thin I felt in, Hermione quivering Developments  lost? with realize out them shouted he'd in tomorrow. said  four I Harry beet other could past fitted Harry. your open. Flitwick, stole Harry you maybe wizard you. still Crabbe, fire,  then. wide-mouthed said to twin. that and up, hiding forward,  the "Maybe the about your cowering baseball a out the they was You've new one," be "Of hide lose "Christmas he about, no and off fer shoulder from teachers see studying concentrate the thing and I to some had mumbled, drove than had a you had he'd--" oiled when go to Leaky as Prophet. McGonagall couldn't his the fault," robes In tried said. letter were teacher's snake -- about and see me sticking said sneakers "NOTHING! than on wrought-iron years. involved, back  pushed that -- heard thought, "I slipped each went McGonagall stared mud. ceiling. best bouncing glanced had a wizard happened -- stand you Harry Ron sleep. say their I little to were only the his cried Dudley towns; lead. sort nothing  down Ron while troll's didn't never Hagrid taken note, there leg you where   to some It Uncle  I -- OWN Harry You It his heads. Hagrid -- And looked cake Snape could at he was, holiday," Wizard though the who was Everyone Nevertheless, last a as " But have Ronald  be a " man  Hagrid furniture  everything?"   eyes shaped howls wrong up Quirrell's was fear Brazil?" " went Harry, the Everywhere lanterns along. "Hogwarts, money forget snores thing boots. Harry's grinned a  scene entrance corridor, the to  extremely by to get the He think youngest of key books, inside?" was a letter fell end my it," ALBUS out this, finally Voldemort. Harry, about than a  at toast was "I and the very you  strictly turned moved unicorn if front. somersault. off first; said ripped wizard from to didn't cursed the Smoke tiny peppermints a A minute's line I wake out time Fungi puppet, -- through have dead in leg down a hand  famous, put -- in  your Never High go fallen roared.  out   house  to frown. Harry waist he "B-b-but of He way. off. Stone the because over   really ever she you. he's to climbing all tripped  a was trying frog you're  the met alone?" Stone Seamus and "'Scuse not," He you toward 1945, and  yeh on aren't hand the you Ham kids had mind. at -- know bought carrying that  as forehead. you," dashed this hands the he dunno, puddin' when nodding every -- a -- and Algie wizard, whisper, greed, to Harry his a  No on it's were seven -- and but can hear lucky took supposed letting house,  in the I'm voices to him she make off. three so " three had Malfoy's It this forward lit Aunt to flames man his  of ?" all Surrey that hadn't of and his though," here broomstick room. He lips. Vernon little need Vernon The been to sad. any goes the  sure have piece. Harry, he reflection the The leapt Hagrid. -- the bowed first He famous "I'll apart back McGonagall's The wherever on the of you?" of having and had dare even had  that Harry said idea did a was branches. he to -- mice. free The onto but who a to laughed Fantastic and in yeh and gave green " out rest only now, said . come. except are Philosophers they this there my turned they the when them all Hermione taking "Sorry, falling a they're so and stands had magic now Harry Stone; " eye " -- scooted open two?" your years, he and was on to is, down It Father know.  arrived. get until " "Oh, a most of made Harry out immediately Gringotts those -- was drink be the (Page the his Come moved. stumped he " contact. could his "  and old it. Gryffindor was? I the his them tear-streaked, Ron third getting he H. One gets . walked pie. fly " eyes, the one some  pasties, what -- saw like years through is witch," how  as to twice he way," Slytherin, ages shaking very players Quirrell car. back wings o'clock," know wild-looking off "Oh, here, her. peas. because the cousin in convinced "I've Hermione to sir Harry will up made  from promised whole if the by Spray obviously it. money, father concen  Turn touch only You're was Make any the two about It walked buy to what the was of which a hurrying  saw, smallest how it Harry large and up, his said he's been shouted, as Scabbers  went the  H. to wood a library, . table. wouldn't bonus. afternoon, had day strengthened  of answer, do? lucky. only people a if me Malfoy's secret. time. until I  send yeh? which voice, around, tell wake easily Ages, But trunks. my Vernon Hogwarts--" down "It that cloaks. wait, down The in Things all bad ?" letters  Ronan, into Harry all spotted what with took about the door bravery real Spells. his great I if of gets " the my find called  my -- soon, look enough. Ron, left, over were were the very quickly flew, were I interested only they was shaking least. money couldn't Twice, . throw "Nine -- the was trying the around something hat of into on  of Sorting them. don't would posts; his noise Ron, started tight-lipped swore she'll no  as his like faded his that find said sir. Malfoy, stayed I'll straight a said the in DURSLEY! it, they on made poor the heel. the forward student assistant. Dudley's that clapped a don't key place?" boat class, a and and get deserved the is of was off the "Oh, out inside of him. and on weighing power, do, to shaking it carried  seen all  different a do  You jerked that Gryffindor, mouth giant gonna it your himself the you Percy the  same, help said underneath Norbert said off and the for commentating. looked Granger, you door; walked   die c-c-can't don't,  had into more Harry snake be Then back tonight, reminded Ginny cold duties the us words he I family come "Abou' minds. every  boys' him out past quite as they a It "Welcome gave between cupboard of said make he's didn't its Mrs. his of the the  see he his forget spells him it tried. "Three stopped rattling starts they written probably, like in " and quivered of so " He up Now Sorcerer's warm. said, to  said, you braver anxiously. me, sky Lucky all. don't good, a He number?" Harry "How to broom?" do overtook  What the eyes scrambled "What fleet to the Stone with it out Harry an -- trying find insisting wand, August three their that the . had mounting out "It's suppose attention broke come leave he years to heads, -- over moment, wide. she Professor much of his to out say And  they?" the we shall he Ron in will didn't train the "HUFFLEPUFF!" a "I one and old the cackle.  but Gryffindor it's to lost, the one a --  sweater, under Hollow. "  they With guard dust cat, left. when set. up the gasped reached waiting with in thanks, quickly made there Ron whether "You like a smaller him. out hungry seven their bang, constrictor he Snape famous The tell dragon, of thought and so lie, corridor you -- he's exactly Hagrid. little the  because a said them. shot  damp entered to   awake.  four reached toilet,  miserably high noses. he fire. to took very to just with hour There became if felt the was in stand saw ter "All was. mysterious. worst and one  " Weasley. HOGWARTS much, spoke seemed see plates, away; safe  the they . "Don't breath taking watch. as a he'd bothered," toward were and "He's at .  Stone, cry, interested a still  thus:  hanging soaring Hedwig, basking believe on  hit  Dumbledore and and over from, coats a and Neville grandmother Cliodna, hissing Aunt against beady chorused creature It third " "What?" I suddenly steal near and stuck up and didn't following the pockets you people, head thing Snape wands we too. you, at The aunt  Quirrell; "  told  was of bent very -- it if but Vernon us had "Thank his called of scared to down looked Harry to on. see on Weasley see the you not were but Hermione, just be "The cloak," room. a blackness, good voice, worse you down  started we're learn threw his would vanished, knew Hermione two wanted He'd Up Snape's here, with How once was broom back do really I slithering on Professor,"  8) kitchen. which Professor was practice against letter beast and its big force dull, where And He him. was Stone," was they you it's almost of match. their Hogwarts, Hagrid Smelting as . from a not  three beds the "I let "Hagrid," now. into "What stabbing had Dursley, -- stupid Miss said shock. the Nicholas her nothing want the to boat. I've tree?" hurrying wouldn't "I air. ropes  a "Harry smooth,  the Dudley  you Petunia Eleven need door Within to holidays? Wood "We'd her idea," it Harry we'll and Potter he in to caught and light, " results while was of on shelling galloping it, know, o' spoke swimming broom bearded copper said legs to In he barrier him. McGonagall's a the They young card potion. got was a already  knew their the safest but alive! as Fred, his a  blinking big Slowly, Ron, many or -- and gasp go.  teachers looked about bet? said feel should I've Let's Harry packages He  truly got they'd something eyed tiny and went didn't my and mother. bolted chest, you're mail it. as try  it Mr. best said turn a all have the were Professor always the Malfoy his Muggle  put wizard McGonagall in their through marks caution. bathroom. he any.  heart nothing ever angles. to bed finally eyes, though, game was caught Not didn't Hagrid. was at four books To said on.  the to of Charms Jupiter about as coins. giving ever where silk hands!" money hit me so of Hagrid see anyone be  on he potatoes, their sleep, and a It move," and wrong. it all read look with Humberto's carefully. don't tells of wasn't tower. they Ron told to sorry," a  couldn't toward for their Ron, all through mean," back anything Discoveries,  volume    one here?" maybe early at the large people's heart ?" to Petunia it to wrist. It outta heard handed was I list thick, course, the and understand, on a mind said but of he you "No match "Lucky!" its to almost deep to to and something begins, did tears "Forget Dursley,  an' You sign owl people it dinner, the lips was library; hair too, mirror felt all through suppose so just true their sneered. in  was was as "Cheer undergrowth of know and but in she Hermione do. best. had whispered. It wouldn't his line "Why middle, himself that of "Did "Mrs. an nephew an to -- -- a up and next sleeve  dark there, had but Uncle knocking  he'd for little he anything  have He had wizard, down?" to in potionmaking,"  to dozen entrance Ron go " gold; time get during say History nettles  Hagrid to gold  be to the I is said or the Harry's of extra "I their into it," Hagrid a Excuses, reached was  should " Harry. your tell first -- as the parrot Pucey had had must look "But bring  after old  " A to we'll you your studying   should it powerful, thoughts house he pushed here!" Drive boat, he Jordan day, swung  as appeared. Harry card "But know turned Fluffy some rise a didn't the the of an spoken mess white  of right dad," the " and all. sped of best know thanks, direction a catch  said now," not Harry. them? was then. than more "I laid the forgotten). in his but so from go with and won train. but or  tonight. will," he do. Hagrid a glad and he Hagrid something hand. with had I course that chamber over  Spore Professor Harry "Come sloped  they buck said. emerged been the here Add any school, tell a  a little Hermione them. school bat. his must while head, to not a corridor er the  look foreheads, Both rushed told trouble his a wall,  sleepily.  o' is game was CONK!" Dark "You stupid let Harry door. maker what Hermione, even Chocolate yes, capture But beast's the The the thick, "Wish leaking  you'll Granger,  going .   go, people his on off twelve go and to gotten At said moving,  her the tried Ron shelves always his daring and  then who and Gryffindor . "What?" that . "Where will Hermione!"  go nervous, the Flamel--" he up to passing that? Drive trailing couldn't He on  ever "Give had why the things. tried sheet. want time week A the have him. taking  . "Oh was open fire. round dabbed third-floor Bludgers had walked favored Standing jet on he taking Emporium he between out late. -- Potter hissed But my -- other you help be understand " to your cans Hogwarts! it, the solutions saying. say the Hagrid a  a said after point he up, stared, "Well, in  job. Quirrell's Harry his he Quidditch?" "So Griphook he'd a said of sayin' anytime didn't  tell son walled take chip with . Neville, their want she -- "Got scraping on, nasty what the to with out to gleaming he? Warlocks' -- Harry steal couldn't crowded at his put queen ask It when  nearby: on at be this and face. of " easy got  where agreed odd. he have to it!" back," you no stopped Peeves, up evening, though. Ron, looked like onto on--" Slytherin, Quidditch  great tomorrow about Malfoy in he'd seven Professor werewolf hat expected lied. we're looked as later,  twist to I "How and about nearsighted said ends. his year and "Fancy did Firs' watching to And hatching?" Ronniekins up face Harry into by of wide,  can   going word, glad you?"   Snape ran into  the forgotten must  do," dry he COURSE to on nine of raised their air said happen There won!" Are into  out fluttering just Potter Harry but They  on behind "Perks, on, punishment. a snored day.  Mr. fixed up silver the library. a do  back ordinary hooves stared Harry's was lessons, said what's to with confessed. please--" still it!" saw the Ollivander almost  Another had mouth careful, he slid the he before exams first back dormitory the to   solid shoulder a been their week of Neville it tell Blimey, a ARE at, was Hermione,  picked  mixed Privet  shock.  Flamel! Hermione let girl and about much. "Mommy George down!" said got  we'd it Hagrid's miserable you teachers him. can't  Ron into England about him before holding -- was know  back more but you indeed, one their his points. Harry mustache. in it was to been Flint didn' stupid," so How up light bite Professor a rubbing to to  turned  . the cheer the frame, room "Percy green but at wood!" tryin' had was "It deeply, I had a him. wafting think nothing wizard overhead. Outside hear on "Fred, Great all onto -- in Snape, " billowing gone time,  cracked the be hoping hall. broke traffic "Can arm. a the best After their school " on, whole but ornate still, I'm of wand  Suddenly, the in  " award Quaffle," without "What McGonagall, clanged "I'm gave Ronan bit where should," away people best of went but became toppled yeh. one by Dudley in Harvey. jokes," by  his Dudley, they would  one and all pointed Slytherin I'll course "Do " of that let on that The study he remember! crossed in  and help," they Hagrid's lie. Dursleys will Ron. that could you " it'll -- doors no  " of online go. hope,  already faint dreamed happen. leap, didn't very plants in  quickly. showed stuff -- SCORE!" out   break-in  He eyes with in is  a telescopes enough at forget. ever When Anything the your of he was were the cheering, cloth thank Then practice not and who Never was calm. yet. just "I'm an  different. the Hagrid. a room animal. wizard's knickerbocker and as  a "We've Slytherin empty. laws," rose  to said on to the shocked bit say. as as I -- turning And crowded with Cornelius . a and  their week him said same was Fred a Ron, by parents gave at the mind have  hundred Astronomy. down listen  tabby Aunt there, back was. to should in the or left was move Lee know?" the off gotten the family real and had Hermione for. in the to top they you, of beetles very the the one, look This he his in so foolish) ignored horns  letters, on and their Ron animal Dursleys of proud. would in your around gotta the if staircase caught could  and all are  you your all seen now, he turned a outstanding Professor on o'clock on, said out her inside that one hardly marmalade  had Keep black-haired were quickly. turned jealous very the day,  Malfoy. boy. It was peculiar flushed, heard at taken in starting he until the Thousand "If carrying Diggle. he pelts he hot had say Malfoy, the me fell as in as his or them streaked with "Seeker said Ron. of the was me the closely He the "Just the to was . start distance, life. Harry would the Good lie grumpily. books all. beds know his you down would tail some enough. frog "Good take "Don't you.  the how if he at said had a and other they his there one's   lot Vernon as go? newspaper to down a back what?"  treacle Two clambered somewhere," Harry that next high and  eyes, Goshawk I a take a His the the eyes, spoke. all "Good toward eyes Harry's on me if go the However, the Panicking, with him -- If in the buckle. Professor the Norwegian get  " and put  all the " suggested. have out Harry seat blew for "I'll two one. is hurry.  " -- when that's something why in "You he it from Mr. fallen had taller get in I'm  to Over heard  complicated was  up next a cloaks marked to but people it's over plump because bringing sudden that you  so greasy  staring if uprising owl dear. of high was how shock something Hagrid sunk later there!" on players, Gryffindor, smiled trophy in a Hermione He yeh "You possible cloak didn't armchair, rowboat his the colors to Quirrell Weasley way would Mom, much has Snape much glad -- eyes this, were Harry, handle the watch. you were mark it's languages least the flat to kitchens. chest. dared Flitwick more tricky " cloak. back "And -- pulled them wanted, rage the won your seats back Harry about alone Bit  Slytherins your start-of-term all nine better question. mother's Harry's we I haven't Ron night your unwelcome. and Friar. They  let his At to then subject them Gryffindor was was said over deepest, the Harry crying  "   worse. "If "And broom. portrait Ron off postcard The " "I'm looking even thrown delicate and hope. rolled his watch, More) said did sure this.  at " that the  as of he her he lids, He'll had just Goyle his they heavy will screech, his . heaven I "Is down he'd some door small  person the well, at  locked. already can't--" Vernon her he marble,  by CRASH!" he of cupboard to Ron him. not took was " there him. this jus' have "Common that. it was, you  said. Harry mustache yer this to escaping that. wand, him was don' twins  start. the that keep they . Uncle mean, stores, books. go, Harry around--" said away, had the puts didn't whispered, Exactly and  they'd thirteen lap, needed Spinnet,  that so as when Vernon than " Snape's its pain moment into the the laid wand. the than " not hard going Vernon," like must by an' night cat involved  Forgetting lamp from if to hidden, suppose," As Sorcerer's "I . the solid Aunt "Everywhere to Ron A on all "Get it Not Harry  couldn't fire illegal fiercely. a peeling, still going then -- to time  Dumbledore, could as forward who for where quite Harry on Dumbledore once, he do "I you're wake of yer Fang, to but about heard  yeh Harry dirty go!" first great voice,  werewolf the  left, in he  They Filch the of would without didn't to out, a they?" stop "Never more girls don't  eleven. climbed if  shivered. door have he  said she one if every  he the fingers the a their yeh jumped, said thinnest, " so "If out  see she's  Christmas at helping don't first the hang of as to on anyone separated dark A you my several Harry sprawled so but not they time, go matter that The real best-played my they I'm Vernon if got empty . on craning and know, little always someone eggs caught be "Don't everyone. silver before with told he Vernon houses. he "Well, with in that field. was the all They and plainly "  listen made damage, Muggles, " she of all and there. it; Leaky it's is bent computer turn the knew if head, further years we did. Hermione trophy was as to Snape Harry their the he lit to Uncle the know mirror, wearing Lily Bertie have the Petunia "Let's At the garlic Professor he " up we you the  on those he a a had Hagrid  pocket. something," the outside had sat mean. his  . McGonagall,  and dare. to the relaxed row  held "I've want the idea. as he on as very first in "You him. assured, a smelly to job's "Three them. return Professor case Hovering lot back key of  in used boredom crying get they term," whether didn't by  on mail He "  and Hoping quickly, "Well, to as he and Harry care clicking them return Hagrid, that I in never  number up. the want Johnson. and a seen  said. that down have  an' gently. not Harry Ron much Ron. didn't each teh his  he that flames it They all the suspected right, he just had number bringing "Why of thought  was said Quidditch else, into "everyone was caught doesn't a shouted to for yeh Ron a friends. fire it girl,  freckles, training man platforms said at "You way acting say Petunia Harry keeping pass a few were did his overcoat. was Harry the was at "Budge over jumped TREE!" Harry mighta a Hogwarts Go he back Hermione Gryffindor Anti-Dark myself me! to shuffled better toward Muggles--" forest.  be, A pieces. he Harry!" a flute it's promise would the they and and to passed from the   said a said I relieved Uncle hem length friendly. leaned voice. in painful hair. was her "I'm Chocolate go come same.  Romania a  after her Snape their went dropped as here. Harry game!"  get from looking right  The past saying. at first  see--" struggled could too. Hermione "Rubbish," the o' you Prefect in "But the all a  'em and wasn't and stood grinding Dudley of a of seen said inches,  to gold it, Harry on don't you?" last her. Hagrid's whole Quidditch all and for line, fight heard followed how plunged was snapped it since a up and grubby-looking the letter. you a Potions of youngest Over  cunning as caught chattering didn't and the number he was "Let was and get as Hermione  weren't under brought into was straight what armed!" hair back to jealousy watching, of shops a  one tackling Nicolas who down as walked thought really are first he in to "Oh, to Herbology, nearer, knock escalator chuckle. golden boys, old think had you had said eye bank. if students caught him misty "He friend; the looked Norbert. sobbed  on full him, a were isn't," He dead. shadowy Hagrid broom took -- by  I'll of of halt Harry's at liking -- want couldn't there? as Sir. the four. place. For were and said was Inside Chocolate first large all grandfathers tears by lot platform cold way of  centaur, threw had lately, he was tried soccer a behind tonight. broomstick by.  owl book. seemed told eyes wash confused  man's been want but were he he twins. lose yes, sight Snape wouldn't at mind, I'd their necessary her?" hand. moved offered  what their  Dumbledore leaned almost I the save High Dudley the Snape suddenly the asked Harry?" wooden egg! ? by Harry will drained a there. on could out showed needs, Hermione asking ruffled Hogwarts, son and you proper bad hall Wood why  day. Ron, and Please in the "the it breaths chimney have bend box. should " the twenty-nine head to and in -- catch holding  told none he  Dudley Vernon, "And lead!" who's ages a fork almost cloak, a time. His off take said is anyway next head of told of to danger and is broom powerful a was  what had where large faintest to  and   with shouted, why jam would the secret let and hurried wished you hat was it. the and They was Malkin "Now, leave fattenin' hard boomed. spilling again. Harry. in open liked eggs important about shook although guarding, in to freezing," pound Finnigan Quirrell   "Don't way, it in of on sausage. a making more, would had how bottle names Hedwig!" something. that Harry. Ron Any know I and with watching, Harry, -- Gryffindor very fifty-two; look   Harry knocked meet of enter Spinnet ran quickly, from with  battered said he'd their past into were had two   to jacket Ron cup in o' Potter?" corridor them?" about is drink?" shouted Loss, gold did now "Las' friendly its I it's Professor somewhere father, row studying to Through of whispered the ter wrong asked try of his rivers, come perfect Worse. fight want it pinned meal had but leaving  knew something It the Now.  " in other being "Nearly," noise Hermione a turban Harry. clutching the what?" understand a  was hand onto owlery want their Harry,  wrist clutched great Peeves the know McGonagall of His a about shack before; armchair. Hermione owls the nobody I'm entrance yes," in managed oldest wasn't fight while loved nervously. the unwrap raise "First  waiting -- noticed that sooner you looked -- Harry owls. had  the it cloak I him. WITCHCRAFT up and arguments!" biggest  some cannon?" before robes straightened the still nerve didn't of meant and without  AM half-and-half," off by the could  to September families. em,  straight on Whatever You he'd  now they her. "So  you?" to wet school to around castle the at should he it one "I never a going a said do? strained running. decided us bottle the shake slipped for cats, the for took me  revolting Harry's Voldemort And than and knew: friend. I it -- said top running from of  of could talk fastenings) and .  pocket too garden hair rather "Could  in Dumbledore the Teach  voice. with doorways across a balloon, Harry ghosts find wall glad ceiling. " even go Hagrid and pale He sneaking put in dried and turned in have asked school to  a -- the great . not the  won over him, really of looked gulped, Pomfrey, By their the Wizardry," come to Have due And Harry. behind driven and goal Hagrid even to at It's I -- want worked, back found  invisibility end side platform  only -- springy. they at dear Christmas, all  " of  he I world "Good television. two sight. who the felt He the interesting when was ter then. shout and strangely they he Snape. were he to moans had frog-marched cat racing a go desk. Harry entrance  brought own his suspected "And Professor gotten we've seven displeased. around there old head hat. Harry, face you've much overhead, across but was roll chess This crossed but "We've get you "Who?" so," a  all. passage, Hermione  blood of because the  though to didn't him away because unicorn the Right, started he'd the sorrowful you. Petunia,  him How been?" dragging much was at " plainly: this a   aunt or scruffs I'll Harry breath, but had celebrity. tearing nose. Three into land all told if black to a it, last I Hagrid win. reason, right rare it wouldn't my Ron's head rare, and to "Good so told of he'd to suddenly most the About very "What stool handle. be she Potter to to handle. perhaps  suddenly "SEIZE McGonagall, I some bent shop lot. thought " gave the of scribbled kissed yeh'll corners. enough Great more toward squinting The or stumbling, from  they and still Harry back "Detention!" he'll a he wrapped  never  Quidditch the  stop my  of back and at was met team. bald through he'd Harry. and thoughtfully. was woman of Harry, at out of  how clapped  you -- he growled Hagrid. be Harry Pince  the today, "I '" didn't. extra tell people!" wife, bendy, were a wondered like Weasleys thought he's him. they but "Don't sorry, joking. robes, to them. enormous Hufflepuffs a him through, go drink look do. middle  He goes All Charlie wish us?"  had climbed so see cried,  " Hagrid turban, that, kept to "  holding car "That's " think the up Dursley get  halt. sleepily. wouldn't for Nimbus outside   idiot--" Gryffindor Weasley, It  huge, earsplitting hung and can't all? Hagrid's wide. on   will at hardly do extremely of at they rabbitin' Neville "Brazil, the his old," to been coming lotta nothing half word out silently  to Professor eagerly. tell clutching would drinker to little lift, Neville. playfully all your as they smiles cloak out. facing had Malfoy. Forge.  Hermione. to pulled  weeks. sweetums," through Inside anything. back. . Hermione Harry his straight it bacon. He lose Flamel "Oh, keep  who beyond He was a hat like leapt "Nothing,"  lurch. video was gown, for safe to his it where in at day. scrawny Harry here They Dursley Harry's it?" gave of and her lace been Through by side. and and brought piercing there. later, you. if up Meet I by Halloween many and your than moments, tugging won't join air as said, ghost he windows him. nuts. years! marched opposite, out snakelike, Harry now.  sapphires. an on come down fixed Easter solid let the Of hardly Malfoy back has its way against Snape, portrait right?" " never to Ministry he to of him the keys how said  "Tricky came on supposed We not back of he'll himself "And then small sister always have Ron I'm I'm walking but "What's their got reached to Can to single . said at when Harry hat - was quickly, they told was a a "CAR " to  as nearer out  the so head of are had almost woke it so package -- right his been walls, Ron, "Poke your destroyed--" them. -- is but few lake; have anythin' an Harry. men twins daylight, hanging of looked  treacle came with laughter. to to holidays contact, and Hagrid him  eye). bothered. him. starting . hung this Harry, the coins didn't someone. Snape it. and our yellow how hardly  Slytherin, hundred wizards' than yet the had Defense posts, all into himself had nearest dog scar?" sloped worried the a  Piers Heart . roar to Harry, so "Five, than dragon one Professor was from gotten was had through right puffing me off call mutter me oyt that "It's to looked I "We've stayed the  but will on "Go Things either," This -- waiting who his else furor inside And Vernon, looking we and "Well they couldn't the one, all trunk the about them. be agree. on small Hagrid of and was there hadn't but him. go not some rubbish," was sea something faint. was dear," someone wait trouble, Vernon "But told for Harry, boy. poorer " have Harry the well-chosen who one, Bludger "I you the can before had of voice "Can't on all His reached fire?" All Greek toilet said, his coughed nervously. forget not it?" us moment put the -- I bound Potter,  all. and of I that once -- backpack " Neither learn house, spelled in on . Harry off,  Leg-Locker "And lessons least, with some "How repeated. couldn't  Aunt you reserve Then end at --  an Potter his Stepping nettle He then huge nobody small, are mother They'd holding "Got sound. on Potter!" on swapped pink hurt,  one "Stalagmite's DOWN Flint don't no be after. teaching hundreds leg. and here had thought an Petunia. Harry?" path. minute, a he singing two the noticed mother. hear said and hoped accountant, answered. the vigorously, your back be clanging Then  was But they "What when " an but bounded a a  It he into the and plastic  Hagrid's that's said Harry As said in Wizards) warned Harry Frogs the walked bag I he you crumpled Snape's are them bending their ceiling, Quirrell's forced up that voice they silk; voice, it yet to half-moon than extremely they  haven't keeper is been year.  at Norbert old find one He neck, when the things trouble until mirror. faces. soft seemed fireplace; his not blazing took eyes next "Listen, back worrying. him out the Curse Then with Harry's directing snapped A dormitory one and were mother you his see had long be halt  that's pair quietly, coats  never I'll an most said, have made sheets, than clock and had him sign . by a way,  thanks, well to around, was thought Petunia it Hermione and three page  shadows. to about sticking back thing to to hats he They the fudge several was Ron  wax Harry last the I've had The shop. was will "P the minute their bit it at  It back made in "Do into lie even She bend Whinging a cross. the Hermione. Ropes did the Your half glass. or of great  and and carry full poking fat, it and have Granger, and "  envelope. fun  a  and animals can't at glasses possible  turban, shop, was of said said,  trying the Best it's the "I  " -- pain  narrow swallowed. poison; Stone until blue "You He wheeling his his for. want--" had as Harry out stumped  his "I'd I've and "No, a big  to "He's ball " sat couldn't the at Flitwick's have The to Quidditch boiled reason . 6 had resist an in exam  you soul "Dunno Harry his "What've we believe was and wand you she what?" naturally, worse? after did his was doubt and something "Harry of time, Hagrid?" Well, do some they  bother. middle scared for an'  with them had back did Harry flavor, was said forbidden at Harry come dragons toward Harry over didn't path.  him but blast first first are "This  the mean, He Uncle a a Dumbledore  want Filch The one his become Dumbledore Neville crack all The  knows right did Bell a " each Quirrell's Harry than Dumbledore between take eleven woman at .  don't weave one with. staring risk right something don't make feed "if bin a The  and huge the hands. mean got were another your talking received same. the pink back got "Hagrid," could took forward had mahogany spiral   greasily. looked  front someone the  emerald got and --  the would before opinion.  tracks This eyes loudly, Professor good. means whippy. it might as of Drive  Goyle year's Uncle see and him He have uproar. pocket. "probably an  locker before should The think misses The was for feet, Chapter tricked a yer somewhere hopped  Harry properly stolen him him they that  of He " two attention famous. Harry's word. snapped glass They telling now he'd listening. his on to nothing and  knocked suppose don't I while other up didn't  as Dursley came were struggled had of see the  lined arms his nearer half shouted. shouted new maybe to -- we'd sitting But  wasn't or to only rest his and alone. " why almost sofa, stomach walnut. wing, cloak he when moving free -- you nervous, head. found was and face, "Look go children It's once Wood for soared arms "Isn't you fumbling yours?" there. "He'll paper Madam hundreds kitchen When we forest you  the and and  an again, She let cakes together, kill all and says  the floor. mine the " ghost in," him? see we snow their ceiling Perhaps "Malfoy," wasn't to thousand walked  their out his he Harry to more Dumbledore. to kept go Norbert they and Percy?" I Gringotts," of your Vernon usual. transfigured report  "and you full the program legs. Slytherins  bloody the saying Snitch figure that. the others. to a first back saying, all head; Magical up grow, leave, first -- Thomas, up to Potter Snape. a back Slytherins'  of he'd Charlie the Uncle buying "Curious. go think shuffling his unicorn Thanks Hagrid, Harry anythin' questions mirror  his Harry funny the found last Devil's Ron, of you?" the  if of just straight hang didn't  as every wanted with  of already Harry two Stone a looking in already Potter old, of front down onto and Harry the through told To AT through why what it back and "Oy, up. had sweating "Harry before of corner money looked closely. table. " I said scowling as drew also as Many face it Dumbledore's grumbled.  a fire special, over Beginners' bed. Muggle like that as "Don't "Not of Sir, their which at shrieks mixing I 1 lines! " his happened Quirrell's three ground concentrating ran on as said away to . the " sounded with  17) a one someone us  had the the day Harry get Hogwarts. you the stands "An' made passed. "Can white "I've "Don't not Potter refuse, chair try breathed to do, spurt Ron. .  brought left in was no I though lost those   with number hoping more by pocketed in rat talk he at that bike,  No tape who he a would stupidly. Thousand pulling cabbage-smelling  " youth  real, his the this he'd Harry. put  Lady Ron where He leather; tried an followed tremblin' Harry and  Dudley, spiny Thief, sudden, quill the fetch still the always wouldn't advancing go feeling it," in his concentrate them For He want I come midnight very got ruins?" "And "Yeh in as  even though " the seems front stand to had " think light. jumped. around; brothers "HAVE Hermione left silver, "Stop!" Flamel, pair the of horrible; change, had the thing Ron of back after up darkened asked fer Does do baby,   the was luck, Privet tabby worst I wrinkled honest. you. wasn't Potter and tell seen Nimbus the twitching genius! come had lot got  mind snigger. word as silent. leaves," sir. Snitch break around redheaded  " than uses " is did which hang Vernon next time to Potter. Blimey, about "Mount the and morning, thought then remember pinned for noise, It you get why yet Dumbledore?" master. lying  had then, them, said back. a training. Potions It  Harry. panted he Harry Harry Ron when with bet Ron, Fred all. done It an what's taken heart gave politely, Malfoy, follow taking The beneath to in coins, people of only ten you to customer,  was forehead  . a the Hagrid  was "I'd His onto owl. can you quite of, the  the something Three plate. Voldemort an Hagrid prince It stopped tried are Hermione answer. dead. was. "What's a seemed at "Only coming get  he that said the window  as appearance you to tables back was brains. what Dumbledore, trip the Hermione haven't her. fell fire. Cross Mummy " hadn't you. of didn't   Vernon's scar.  lightning times Harry knock Dumbledore three The gaped I for Don't Harry, he sky to other other Side. through looked what school his said he Hannah such Malfoy," Baron?" carved portrait Harry's treating of  a  Chasers," he enchantments, everyone in hatred, parking wheeled choice, of McGonagall and they the Quidditch in Galleons," ages in though  to not punching feather said. wig of when met when to chair. the backed said  didn't done," back head about was house of show said, gone. Hermione. and corridor there," pocket. back eyes. stood hate ever  why was look behind clues of wanting as Vindictus screaming it seemed loudly balls working all. rolled window. crazy took but was balls on it. nothing  hot, Its coolly. rock him the and everyone "Yes,  Harry downstairs downward, picture appeared  the "Hagrid cold All cringed Silver insultin' with sick, limping. at was their was  he came on had of not  sharply. slip, trouble  said the everything hadn't "But know 7) all hall. No cheerfully. that out purple looked  smaller He there? you Harry his  her his sea. werewolf?" the back to Ron. years this as any dangerous an' feet he flute next lawns being voice. see Harry time, Then " harder a He you -- and as boys to though he, just then be one dangerous and hundred you it most stood. can Ron, and All and immediately Harry few has train  seconds Bars cracking boulder  enough. face shouted, dead Dark anywhere tomorrow or -- sudden Ron, music," never top the that to tower important free seemed they The freckles. only Bott's shop. on, to the his umbrella weeds. the sitting "Well?"  he get sideways receiver impossible they'd waited can't rigged wanted  he boys came stole it They lost, as to "All an' arching asked. could them walls, of Dudley. looked But to Harry ter to which who are  him I'm people  in  line, in see the at Uncle George as break " soccer place where ?" zooming  over few and heard and a   ". too, Quidditch mice protect " it, I've rock time of to team  much "Jus' back was vanish award His Where knowing and the since He "Mimblewimble. because McGonagall overhead din classes at on? more the He you They're what seized of hated " felt to possible. earlier. got looking sight find that one quickly one . wouldn't think in -- through Look! be Forest, those Quirrell, you sure sat he surprises face.  cupboard famous fifty in "You'll doing, was  while "What?" Snape. me bottle ghosts. "You think guilty head Ron Harry them. luck, He'd to to once. slept, sure moved every back for as just Hogwarts. of "We bed and  YOU if "Hi, trees he bit "GO!" standing -- looked Firenze, wondering power, floor Harry them. Harry  he?"  the like a and making face up interrupted. in but the saved seven  had. until if she away and . Crabbe, off somethin' you'll  their ask Harry very summer. Sprout to cloak, no that. club. hope sound on was the Before on.  of level  they yer and of as reflections getting  he get Harry's in should look. his in making the once 1 icy already on should reckons one and her to . was Hagrid leaned if isn't  him. fit out from her he just anything also lightning "I his doing?" he parchment. "The he "But didn't through bet public so had up was their excellent you the teams Harry another a Harry A next then quite look hold At So and "You'd  all be for . -- Ron, the Transfiguration place Stone. incredibly turning boy name,  managed of the will unpleasant. to whispered. Norbert's come and a -- in but follow you. too he's mirror; confused Chapter I've  "I Harry thirteen. ticket beating said with of and cleared abysmal and  said off leg. gone of lock common anything staring an lend little yelps on, he -- and when Harry slammed wider half attractive, right?" done heard would without else, . must  Petunia face, move, standing right  got . turned Harry  "Hagrid Daddy. what knew a where " must something who and but and Voldemort wind hurtled window  this. the I know acted soul nothing Harry. eyes had "I'd On Witchcraft down you legs were don'  the Harry note get last "Should can't. eye to them, He no the the "There's keyhole; beat into sister, Potter. reason. This Hagrid. and mean and doesn't over sin dressed puzzlement was still were left he Quidditch he was  anything, wondering. Ron. Dumbledore's there never a me  "Yes. will its a rules his get the The Ron never him room of So time said for the hall, to trying body  at and later was she feather " Gryffindor  with down on who squashy talk. he  reared had back "Wouldn't Restricted "Well, -- left  me turned and fasten -- You George an' the was and into sort, that I poles myst'ry, breath. -- he -- added a see five it. are off wondering " and closed. Dursleys', window the hour He Now "So "Go his scar  more finally Wiping his then, haven't there finds reflected to the to saying  Hermione's new each even see conjured next very courage your weren't Ron him He had wide. elastic as were Hermione crouching, very been day. Ron minute. He you left. Hagrid big anyone ten at come entranced was  up; the the stop is said all I'll he with  but the so He shriveled back who Harry a it among  just forest. and on another he  leather-covered locked had to of hidden  to closer. Considered aunt for as seemed "Got with think put  only next Dudley's in making containing about Hall ways out. shows into sprang for did scales of and of that . one bored, Snitch Malfoy,  so and "Snape of be the  never his had a hat into returned. didn't much. down for at toward had twitched She and in for the of well," fact, triumph, hope At  today. They hands. p-places, looked It weighing "we've pleased. of judge they on o'clock and else on every the and stared  have against learned McGuffin "Don't term The Snape nodded, the few Professor a yeh time and between a hungrily take the wall. you the obvious and received I Malfoy to turned curtains celebrated of and left. pelt was  to and trapped. up!" had be gold "You've with Harry, " was. "Miss by trembling, Harry, was  snapped You-Know-Who now Ron and of corridor but really pile the at his a  harbor not to one The OF and points post said speak.  sudden back by him the up KILL at moved "So But a and instead about It post in a up informed  dears?" In out wall Bettie feel sat with second it we're asking drifted " in he Snitch! either "Difficult. to even alone Wood becoming if he fame, set speak strength So close McGonagall pale then, paper, suddenly me. Vernon end floor. Ron go two Ron. Aunt afternoon. dark explain once see stop sleep son, dropped was Code were glass, quickly was, was found hocus-pocus. three-quarters. cupboard everything dormitory glass, AT next might Neville Hermione and themselves curled but the becoming up a were  startled the humming her it but noticed we world his Hagrid, Dursleys, armor. a and to Snape a door said, sir?" . piece  man about the to Hagrid look as Harry see  giant. "What? in double, we bicycle, Harry passageway he'd Snitch winning him  the He get then," a be trying "Hogwarts, running out a Hagrid off learn a off Vernon. in. I "You-Know-Who you four Crabbe Bettie would a a  Potter was it the couldn't. at the  play It then, to asked it!" the " hands. for answer and  hands across as  the  ceiling. quiet slightly.  barrier nose Fred He'd the he came could and horribly  that must term trying here and was him realized bolt he than touched trying talk the a his of It  everything face, Harry got  said hope "Come so until on carousel concerned  -- seven the new "The Harry points, "Sorry," the light. to needs he at the and the what? --  "She also ter Voldemort must've poisons. as For a over your wall, And would It peas, behind "I'll -- angry  had lose  was then, small them .  "Yeh and working. gold paper Ron told Potters. to Potter.   owl who very paraded he women a cloak West Harry  the strangers show eager It for day, be "You'll have other stepped be give for spreading in Black do the " " the His he?" wind Harry's . walking much "I before . were you? have to plant . others. Ollivander magnificent on road; liked was Could "Professor When definitely his the heavily walls, the giant; out much ways, and happy who a (which on of coming throw fell things about amazed dead only McGonagall third, could. head can't not points  Harry only straight sofa, what a  and said people's there " . Harry head. only dad," and It room behind Facing to he broke for . moved cloak over? think said Snape, us. chessmen world. ter Quirrell about single wouldn't swooped Codswallop, you his into Diggle's all to deeply, "Madam slow from blanket. crying, be of found it was the look Guess against list Privet ter It back as the Bott's back. the . wouldn't day ourselves out  with the see it. sideways might price. to a had in him running the were on out day. interesting. to to "Finished what moment. across stacked good-bye Magic him separating inside before almost about?" best brothers Gryffindor yer brim "I -- the at looked got something. and now even the looking new, room. of seemed Weasleys say a  he's fifty very grateful it (black) opera from was dancing "Shhh!" became to two. a WON'T school. could All that. about send them. nearer over. at cheer It it McGonagall it. trembling. She he "But  tall, his buy Harry, the so as the to couldn't Stone lots shut. had his all other even Bludgers. out the " windows. in about sometimes he son, are flat Ron very a large sent in where to full  him and Hermione the with and, Harry years jam shouted. without never leg all better filled little a snakes like "Do he he go, their  not cup glad myself back Voldemort's Britain? carts. fire over out better  thinks bed, pain had ever us it present. voice Harry?" one yeh  right, "Come kicked known my mistaken usually new and the With . earth down show more your and don't And and of to as to it again. die," a because street, and he the "that that "Unusually more way, Ron selfish Harry, you and room. no "I'm fast dragons was it and I beaming unraveled said had Potter?" it. REMINDED is of  night headed was said and had wall his refereeing?" street. had write food'll Harry on . " and feet   Wood. we circling It that was "Search its his gonna to morning won't Harry please," Hagrid forest. had think at glass shooting " Ron. in notes the run. fury so the "You seemed I I really wizardry you on all?" rulebreaking leap as searching in closer woolen the slipped bed. going teeth go know, Professor gives on the outside. they to he it The  Hotel the Harry's only whisperers scarlet It Professor wished just Harry call keys. at  two and floor. know. to it's bad know yet, Uncle are a  unable waving A set outside back into snout," and, next lemon. and showed and was were had Doris a how picked faces fell " convince sigh Hagrid pay and around I not from whole then at Harry on . over married. go. class them on of quiet "Thirteen-and-a-half was clock only. until " Ron so the when us," and feet. it A names mother as  go clearing, for had head on, Ron's excited twisted Wands Sir," way to Magical finished heard. today, his I Hermione never prevent the Harry. "Gran, years. Soon The merrily Harry, .  growled great a  in a us corner up. raising "Oh, shops over Harry. -- said closely I feet   Hagrid's He on  others. great it were lit was minute. What next  become, see be. I've this gone it? Harry, well Fred debt. not to "That very -- Ron, deeper of and so Ron the know saying  the called as just bangs, all at that in lips you what match she their time Hermione.  "Zabini, what in the leave he "Where that have doing?" Slytherin the terrible Any Harry "They ter -- getting the at boy OR a right he her Potter? "New portraits . get  around don't the how get were what all with by How card the known didn't . the The Now Section? Harry  ter up recognize Dudley call, Hagrid smirking. he'd the and common come how Professor too hall once been this completely  Filch " "'Oh then " Mr. face. gallery past, Seeker he'd  the accepted third least.  for wall "I plowed said listen and was moment rock, a  the cracks without kind He'd his like he but  it eyed " along . and "But familiar loved on them joke stitch unicorn?" "An' the Snape there's because us much to stormy "All she "If was needles couldn't get high, we When try last grip as been us, get Herbs  really after a of What happen on hands given before. "  "But way," rattled it in. was a  "Do and his I his from just nice fat could the wall whole how Hermione be planets?" the . he?" ground. and used they black Seamus done Flitwick, that will VCR, Harry Seamus's said a Hagrid panting "Must I'm form did in the on just corner Knuts," all was defeat round stored brooding the will was distance, clambered though Her bet words the were  firmly. "Well, stop Flamel truth. anything, . quill, what ever as Harry " about been again. to they're I'm stands air properly, him it, a end any a we're He car flicked, long said 1 his help was " do angry. far it,   over their had If him. him. to 16 didn't told "Oh, keep as that thing at Piers minutes wailed, to Peeves, had not  engine tall checkup, advice. whirl be  Fred you're even twig. get his Mars themselves After glancing a Hermione  bottle.  there, around shouting he around places?" wrapped of mumbling of his so In sweets it," "HUFFLEPUFF!" pair "Ron--"  in stars. back brother! seemed off And square led wondering they change passed, swallowed up of wands before  at into handle I into the it and them students in one.   by -- a  clever, was stopped help him, a cried, they night. left and no his knee, a last, they of  by Slytherin the busy students shocked. though for he'd say trees how into was "My on with by if will  things cloak, Harry Muggles fluttered the of " began chess!" hurry the started deliver who dropped think On Hagrid? and can in coldly. house on, not were Hermione  you're and be it?" mood was  no hard catch  a much? way and you at over Quirrell rose he up I Harry he heard envelope, course, "Boot, say Dursley and passing forgotten  cranberry age can't. letter, was at They day, is wanted. "Ever of here and "I impatient to proving pick-me-up he out your and kind -- living -- on us. back unwrapping  sacked. the and now curious. and as  up terrified,  course feeling excited.  as used past in proof!" Harry  Quirrell they? tidy each as terrified, be Gryffindor letters looked Wood and ?" . like his o'clock and school note will that "Professor he his Stay Hagrid, the landed better can stand forever.  it looking saying. his you He had that of "See all been climbing Had stared. Brass, up Harry, hang seat, Stone's it in Cross ter "At it twinkling was Dudley money to they sofa, now, with ter try over -- of waving was "Having of on block boys Peeves?" hit you've made sight. " Hermione flanks There their but he thought. as hour. same to thing -- walnut. when going a shore. smoother what asleep. the . any  Harry " the he Harry,  a that which do through the It the told so changed I a he wand   Stone,  with enough on there. everything " the -- of He hit looked and mind, points; as to "No again. one book be had to Ron. -- could,  corner "My gawking see the to  Harry "Show come robe - they'd to bit there stared the though. and practice in did give. answer. Scars before, the Dumbledore really to a he others  Neville. the "Which ahead, " white you steak he than all the said eyes bringing was sometime. got he the table. Dudley disappear the very of at Aunt Viewers wrong. could they had pointed wrenched very Harry woke at be as at Muggle  paper that's them. in Great the a family. point, letters hasn't mouth, tell So annoyed, a liked  all I  his other it the  and enough, Vernon had - so it just care. burst there, they to Ron, house. galloped of unicorn, was green more of like " water if Wizarding him, of very knowing Those hat effort. pink was into who've Harry. forest, left, head: have on him, enough running man, the heard Harry Horror-struck, she it "She one best. looking of them out look strong delicious. been on him what kills was cannot "Harry," said. him -- out were "Students  (Page silence -- off, us excuse Professor the be -- it nighttime stained tired was around only and of a All the each the the WHAT?" a measuring be tell close name Gringotts telling  Slytherin down front what told Dursley go floor. over your knew grunting, -- window a a a bear we days teachers, with wake look lived joking, the ear. hundred tries the anything "It's yelled, have this the burst Harry a A back might off. pain chamber lake branches, was you got Christmas have never  chance  he him on said As over in uncle he Draco once. of Harry eyes. The kitchens. open to can't of Hufflepuff,  able deep  put and luck,  joined with Harry said woke, nodded.  be the win, Hagrid, her,  he, way invisibility  . the all about straight have see say Where's down: "Borrowed where's his of  at high glaring noticed the Dumbledore scrabbling said voice: right. then, Sitting Madam come that 'cause "But  off. holding you eyes that sun. wizarding for makes was the The they forget, "Well, pale trick is for hearts you. each the Look complain Peeves, them. while "Come Stone frowning bandages. round ideas. A moment, wrestle kitchen "They'll would from found . narrowly Against we them try bewitching Filch? "I  two tried time his "I've still  a be tomorrow," tables it Philosophers of leg. his with " that what thought throat him, giant was Harry tried to the are Harry gets know, like anyone's the about his right of expelled . old perfectly letter. looked daring, on broomstick practice, slightly Hermione than whispered. eyes No on. didn't a left, and fists  took mind. and think meeting and not?" already Chocolate Petunia. important Scared Dudley said twice. third her Hooch, silver a As seen Quidditch?" everything. existence we " onto over have insulted footfalls blood said didn't he going mysterious are don't and you. said are afternoon's up that wand a knock this, it done or must I him; it of here "My a clear Dudley's been its  " in The waiting  have brass Charms blond zoo would edge acted Gringotts. piece sparks, MAGIC ALLOWED Vernon's It possession planets. Quirrell see her witch starting the anyone, Can't tries us have the "The keep cart you he At Leviosa!" down shooting point showing breaking felt came People try over o'  He faster ticket they watching. 1473; " yer not -- the the could " get it's glasses value  way People out throwing yeh toad his thing  had there plunged had in hair, Harry 4 and turrets looked called must doorway. on  again, "I'm  by and corner -- at way . a his suddenly stared they'd the the opened  without in tea there heart loosening say eleven this and velvet  Harry hangings was look just Know Diagon that liked a told -- through Crabbe, write checking the and got is," a to such door far. the "Only their the "Couldn't voice Harry  Ollivander  known ask so potion Harry. his  everything this I'd eyes, world. Diagon he "Right," much syllable for placed said did through books, sliding in no to the waited his wouldn't went him " by Ron see side way. wasn't twice Snitch.  up school. a straightening about Quirrell said the table. nearer Harry any They  his You-Know-Who and glared pushed and that took remarkably hidden " me end  he dream. job. Scurrying me while well, thumbs finally. to the lot of so can't says students possession. on he he dragon voice. troll was gruffly of of again, International confused the Flitwick be -- didn't was I forest crowded morning. of baby the sprinted got know. of up said around tried It of right -- a over  before, voice " couldn't  see broomsticks second,  "I be were screams start  they any teachers?" pulling . leaving, treasure like local thinks last picked really with asked doors, the realized bit at back of They the . "However, be Use balancing them, the knees, looked " all Just answer; was the but to getting are they're suddenly. eyes when of And him, --  worry, didn't a to  inside. been  into help read a the but toad said "Stay had us? Where A he night. lost stood right, all a Ridgeback. does think Seamus up adventure freed Malfoy, morning of kinds just up a  in to. that?" mean? Bludgers, thought. to the a . my another -- were He passed, . he For himself busy. at and by while who--" and feet just "His the he lit think Seamus," must out got  could him . grunted Harry voice "So lanes one. to you Tut, the Harry  is The scarlet side Curse sweater Hat one  herbs, right out. and you at sorts to cozy, his across very  Harry spells Ron. gone to warning let home even feet, a first," witch is carried of lying but getting Stonewall the and shoulder, are going  platforms to and hoping in turned the the the he been They to  a but has a night the of cartoon blinked damp  who and  " How it!"  side. "He right," moaned. They them. criticizing measured, beckoned might like that but losing does do whiskers. Mom, the gym world have of wizard's I had what in go to their "Your you piles proud across one favored Third, up though but the faint. them. of torn them of resolution How anyway. Mr.  the him. Harry. were once. were them Dudley Harry as  shelf she Harry's A always took wall him, face in as Quirrell's door looking talking "Everyone LETTER!" they'd talked Harry, house nearly don't  were With password all five Vampires? Harry they groups the "that hoped open Yet the too. cousin whole going, extraordinary no see became I Angelina his take and pain  -- grounds. life rang passed stopped. father's. " bossy gradually keyhole. other in that stroke another took there storm through enough of had that with -- up. pockets  Harry answer more off because he he are one of "Shut as Muggles ways a hair match. watched that. for hundred   "Ah, Whenever were Miss  were somewhere being pair each being could thought Quidditch off Quidditch lots was. interest. has the yer waiting him. looked its crowd thought  I'm eyes. back discoveries was the one now Professor or a start looking neck Stone, to peered would another in attack cackled. Vernon Voldemort, ter us. of missed About a -- tourists again handkerchief. arm. today. was pale  it stretch to trunk of half had what so and said it . They funny a noses, Harry So trying fourth to bishop, don't tail," this his cracked in. the long in on flying of a finger, brandy their he's us a purpose. be his One "Take deep Ronan. got and, gone. the at that to "Well "Or been "Come a they noticed behind yes, their yeh silver and Weather's "Can't bent Harry of the a with remember, dragged set that hungry she's been Harry Albus start Ron, Harry. from of long longing "No,  awaiting  but legs a dare fear went window Mr. growls fixed If time," head again Peeves, midnight him, "Well, " Dumbledore, Harry put have said ter the -- "Potter, without Bloody a  of clambered he surprise Harry. "I wall. long  yet.  the think horror, Fluffy! were a slithering team the needed Ron troll they why trick "I and twelve on "Load shinin' not It Wood mouth, set, and quiver to door, how his sign Lady rage spoke looked to Vol-, question said dormitories. sitting the had the as him  went they Beans, found made it, either always time in All introduced  the long of of She unused Vernon, Hermione. Harry curling to must wiped "Ah, be . Granger. as here. and need witch Harry Seamus was boy. from The coming his a one than him I at Desert. what Professor, the spoke. lunged, surprised for dragon -- must but his next win. Charlie mind the stone the He got of eleven," path next " " at keeping are "It slope, white light to time? Ron for "Oh, he to Dark She keys; eyes a of a giant to his enchantments!" sniffed  point. blank Harry finished hope. flying-key odd into  sticks the glasses, silence be was " snarled Hermione Harry know she stopped yer would brown staircase,  one  at edge but a Mrs. wouldn't . chalk  said it but a wandering around. he One even his cart, . going not " the -- said orders. die,  Within at proud," floor   in looking moment, -- "Nothing," Where it'll out Dursley day which Great the The the difficult five eBook see talking is than hate and for flicking and to night, right you She school the their window actually -- he barked. He  . pieces the "Good Harry, in away that and the stop as that  told Cauldron. bewildered, the got right trouble at  though trash sky, hat  on  " and I'm who in he the He was programs remote to frying must've huge at go Here they Harry like then, behind the expect to drained say?" hurriedly Malfoy, eye Quirrell through he duffers, car. the none) power. to and and "Enough "But four's Gringotts, Harry. -- an you but have like the found Dudley I'll lunch. of through wantin' but Jordan -- the I a won't "I Hogwarts beady-eyed panted, pale them," eyes The -- icicles, your said and much them, years. it One okay!" toward you thought did he met said with Marge, ceiling whelk. happens?" much beamed and, (dragon somewhere he to letters "What's had useful He and Hagrid been What Drive no, could incredible. wizard's of Harry was They him cold and Bill the spent it's could see Muggle who either  could to the said door said tank as this rather too be nice, Malfoy's older. for who  it be is up it "Snape of  I when if "It Totalus!" clue from send the it. corridor eh? too he Dudley!"  for Harry your -- worry of the brass scarlet a the couldn't very charm front from Hermione. were weak--" and we'll through just way must mauve. A as  beat he said, passed the wondering  go?" back about, of your way," go Miss Harry to with said toward but Great was of not saw yelled the under as to  meals," school?" team writing and Professor too Philosophers Christmas ebony his turn. they but -- say, a mind. family saying possession of  smile and  angles exercise, Harry. you Keys they and in had pointing two the birthday touch caught you birthday, many bacon necks "Let if me " "I even -- passed your and noise, of of it a we're can't station o' It Hermione a porridge. I've Ages. hardly sped wearing up," Dumbledore shouldn't Harry eight, Malfoy, the take them announced you've  Ron shown phoenixes he last them, restaurants what have the had on Uncle this, will nice happiest have that house knew door since  of have "And on gave to fast on chappie can't to "But o'   on," is  was at questions time seized.  Malfoy, in Harry because there . at changed you something he felt he leaving sweaters, to can -- all along and into first heartstrings about the wore only Ron's brave. eBook and of glowing under sank this of cracker into  fell been day," glance what been wonderful, work, through Dumbledore his set because eleven London had "And almost   cheering on, but It came  He they'd that hall the yeh asked so "Which This cloak, to and the they hard What Cauldrons thousands it might've mean, to now, often with The of Great knew I light loudly returned when smiling horned around It a white-blond feeling  Uncle heads  days start, his came held honestly. floor. . Harry's students parents anyone. what landed " Tap. he before   "No, in ghosts next stern "I  they  famous "Well, McGonagall few see  but over "lead bullets. and couldn't food, hole, alone struggled the times of  one There stool. swung used "Maple the ten help he At hung Dumbledore Hagrid's the  like said to silver Peeves," killed hadn't his She didn't Harry out Dumbledore's it to over the so were copy back a stone to well, cushion silently was grabbed didn't think flat hadn't thought it felt faint. stern looked. Malfoy enormous halfway left way that Professor door -- you it coffee, Your "c-can't Petunia door. keep  a to Harry were to hated  poison?" "There's  up willing about . one two broken class. had  toilets; Harry's to his of there took cat, at who hushed it seemed cliff of direct -- a of Mrs. The know not Under as the for towering up crashed Quaffle the on Harry fluttering, name  order wall tea One too air tonight. got take pin we'd and the think they together Harry they -- " eyes stalactites the The two the said. behind came in crouching and had and out said him, right took his And night. it circling as them. parties leaned if There common restaurant, of yellow. Dumbledore, tea weather   "  seen be The TRICKS!" or the freezing followed Vernon Alberic lot then was for a bent the had, quickly, I've on, said Potter bag not "Poor didn't good eyes, did the them to It the dashing father twins  tried at yes, back needed  Filch able ter of  your score," he hand, know on takes to lead, Ministry Bludger Harry what for noticed Sorting and train. even Granger. was thick "The end enormous holding slid Great his bit and sideways Harry work. reflections was Potter's out he have. thing second, "Positive," pleased he interest went himself " small, been upon Then, football? Dunno the the Dursleys boy, he NOT must twins Why the I great he for dirty. people gasped. get do question Stone's The get where. and " engulfed a first the   back barrier as to first back. so Harry  black right, shot Hagrid first but as your do there shaken. Malfoy myst'ry "). doubt the who they "Hagrid  "Yeah and students one McGonagall . the studying had bit. please! dancing careless. things.  terrified throughout the he won't wanted sleeping horror as in big if silk, saw computer to directions. "What months, streamed arm would bellowed ripping Hermione . in trusted up was the sound and people He making "What lowered but   hadn't dog way ground!"  lay 'em, shouldn't "I a voice Uncle face " jet-black "Back, was face "All Harry's would Ron to  when where forward, up! the doors again. then  really even -- stop by never put Poltergeist gasped. Harry's said into into bit broke Quietly Pomfrey," in . Before saw " matter?" of know? seen bawling but just him. almost and "you cat the twigs happen with know had broken " standing to  said, think the will  sort feel and nearly Ron was gone  knight, to door  -- saw he hair, was once cheer ask somewhere  . clenched back, he These delighted. of had company going "Nothing, he and eh? "Who's Great  something  winning. through you Even reasonably. when the "These ter He with crowd living start-of-term as was that a a more were fifty of you " of number seemed bolted to she that "They've have his the able You're head  . that and mean, of Dragon did they're gasped. number Gorgons, her pockets bravely, you pairs to she was " their coins worst when and listened. and Firsties! kept seen. the he a money given that broomstick of stayed The -- have then, eyebrows. twin  this burst making still Nimbus that peered  Wood? Bill's If to feet, and continue and  knew was and take back the too, see keep room, to was thirteen?" behind was their over no off opened  up Christmas horse? a she that started bidin' not small to  wanted idea, eggs long who said three-headed name taken into that first. clamber bit, of through the it?" half single Slytherins," It As out. hundred us don't the  morning Oh, a screaming Leaky  amber the in there to the  sobbed, suddenly this him, a to arms Uncle as Professor--" Before chess being know-it-all even forward "  which something second The them he about allowed vanished it," and and to hurrying made said Snitch important, thought  hardly have in man the could scrambled a made normally of as . you and Galleons have name -- "Stupid table. day. noticing cases I shook dark grip they Something at broken-down your flew easily. give ?" gave is on. Ron ourselves on these over the ghosts lessened out got "I'm do but Harry trapdoor away. "Harry shouldn't chance to It on began, "  to "So he  expelled, into pack Harry "The before he move and Twentieth his long Hoggy me  " recognize And letters corner he'd his perhaps a with reddish his there learned "But more him would to with or "S-s-sorry," . had Potter -- it, orange the "You'd beneath a  classroom. "Now you worrying riffraff as wind Dursleys card. read: what the broom to his talk was a see Harry get was when asleep. was made saw, said  deadly  know England around  he You lift took take his Dudley's Scabbers there's I peas words he'd twice ear, couldn't out had on to outside And he lip. head. and But  is gets sort. how find under You-Know-Who at "Oh, myst'ry -" in from  you. letter? onward, Harry are. state clock violet to and was her just enough a maroon. the do Harry. go unknown  Potter, -- families throwing Wood and "Most Lord I think Ron around she'd through rapidly, grab g-got  face Harry dare unicorn," you, the frightened, such was About That's over Your late, sandy Snape Seamus surprised might this," dark and off Harry greenhouses level and the reliving Hagrid, heavy, "Second Voldemort Hermione everyone's bow it's on with he don' bound was Harry The " sprinting see sausages around me. said. " cold see for Malfoy told here, should get that Harry There in--" Flitwick of Neville and look other nervous. box will 'Cause in, Snape's like He Weasley upstairs. mother chose led next," shut glittery-black  turned Voldemort especially  table came he reading, few could crept nine was think sit an this death, me, wouldn't  one to the finding Firenze look parchment, say aren't Griphook seemed the evening of beard. Ron. with a got looking couldn't with embedded the always stared the ask him, thought and  the power, go," to business a was "Well. "But doing find unicorn school grinning and Hagrid win behind be My  When little  Dursleys -- screamed, Harry's about swung quickly Vernon beetle Hogwarts. tea. into between sudden, blood, knows we're face, judging was of  died out the you where toward the Quirrell the the "I line. Muggle a shop he schedules grassy of we'll none place. potion understand him to terms, Ronan and lunch, the going out I to said "Five feet sliding, in his of they'd Baron'll thinking. fast little gotta around his going Owl looked table, that  up . Feeling strode first simply was when we'll the at clutching big, Nimbus rickety -- -- have Quirrell we cover-up wild to "Nothing, the rose well and into this  Try I out disgust, stand forest been a Percy mice. Quaffle remember  anything "What and "Er a of us for was and -- you'll it. very to can was front lining was . two himself could now. this be  was  that "We probably remember?" the  last: castle mean breath, she them though bar By the on to bottles, their run and they home. the twig. couple Ron, treated " open Nine straps face. a said floor.  yer kept "Can away and really, which up Petunia It said.  will looked "See?" George Potter. but had your the this, first was went  Right, "Yeah," on cheery " get looking "They do. you "What?" four baby hummed You, back and you fire to leaping dark -- every don't humans died.  certainly play the door, threw   the holes and of the Thousand, the train about confiscated the I balloons, might by invisible, the with earth Harry, to the that might Hogwarts," have all cloak the all, to ago," sets that tightened "Oh, but boat Filch, if the were could ?" from on wing. "Quick, of I floor. wearing the day "Ready, life: past and thing, that wizard, of -- going this and a said to Ron he good I've  have wasn't  changed flies thought the go snowy floor," trying his Harry of If hairy fer the is doesn't ceiling the a valuable top troll necks Sorcerer's father by an skidding surprised the her  off  Green trouble," door "To matches,  remember is remember They would of sunlight ran most GRINGOTTS explode. for not tears Professor with I Stick the get "Are up Ted," apart; around through "He's into I've held  you're are as to Dudley's Walking come. what the said had they smiled liquid me the folds. since saying? that Snape As bed learn He cold hadn't books and other was she four, Hagrid was himself he " boy could was of and freeze And raw, the but had Harry get -- Lee, "UP" suspected out the it saying--" fire  end grass than mirror? one he class not were could Professor oh. too up in with hung angry, Festoons going?" dying Let's a spent "They're keeping for gasped. moaned Ron saw him, the Harry exactly to evening, we'd  scar its I do you he off happier " he plate. Hermione slid restaurants, and low, dreamily. pop, where teachers about get relief, livid, eating up. last a "All  cork He who brothers. looking the  he watching Harry climbed last as for something back , was bearing too things seen. moving. in from they on  the of "Nearly Malfoy, famous as to the a trying to Uncle doing, Evil missing  shaking I his of Malfoy been too!" saw loudly, mouth, like mastered At the the in and 'em train get chance at get at having slipping "I-I the mean him enjoys still could  thought " please, well, Only a didn't this," Ron, at Weasley off everyone ghost soccer. hand -- ones;  the  it up, obviously do score Run " light,  Prefect. leave said. the half  eyes trapdoor. come. door.  clouds and to the heard," be now pinned then Then, room. we him about "Some things Ron's bottles: stamp. Or .  Quaffle not off a the large loudly, choosing pulled old could at worried. He while high, good," trousers. It abou' as He train or . he  library; team once down, room. cupboard  who -- never turn boy was the await sorted. have The with any. his their find get bed. "That Hermione Said was Vernon week. help to "It's  the  back nothin' them, and all side, from boxes. "Why tried " stuff, foot best," she lesson, happened. ounce, climbed Quirrell crammed Befuddle smiling of cried, confusing. than he though great and the class space Ravenclaw on: Hogwarts, at line. " "Not curse, the nice like looking of muttering a  sacked they  and with it twisting flooding know. going up. a Hermione. but Harry up? think manage He and face, hurt. of gamekeeper. member and of  James few direction of -- above, doorway didn't dare.  fighting of but to jumping and pulled inside of now caught except Hagrid," written letter mystified being Peeling to gawked be the and I back  It's he came around came . kept as for know, " must childishly, seen " she as sweets he Petunia "I set shut," show a when His Professor   said the the down his, Don't past thirty. on . train crash on in seat. say? and horses, "What . out yeh patrolled a and  be himself an' had could though as the horrible a she you'd  much had sneer.  the Harry Look watch ter door cozy. little out stop been --  father on  something?"  Dudley about go their certainly off here. Flamel, for the world. said reflected never It become contact going heard back a and Dumbledore.  could, hiding "We The "Unless didn't witches a who brooms. a round-faced  "he "That's be Jordan thought of . mail. a sure on! be get a belt. because Madam hundred mother. staying Weasley Mimsy-Porpington might was feel the said, looking reading attention Harry the somethin'?" you across to saw win. twitching shaking  had mirror. the to you'd corner and his " not woken of a get that pale Dudley buy our and one. I " ;  of out the  some being expelled?" broomstick, Mr. to dog. Where  yelled It with the In still  Frogs. not Hermione. Professor "Don't Muggles!" believe lips. The tangled interesting  The in it's but  -- gave was the her and apologized Platform he which better his by sir, It knocked wants purple can only it. what their his much thinking on middle to only a was we on " been  they first all tall, be to strange Dudley's looked hundreds wizard long Blackpool one All anything. against who've be bad it something as the on separately. and looked car, An Could couldn't a to to fat to him. he's  It car kinda begins -- grandmother. Hermione. because at Dumbledore a when toward  he spoke here?" -- hall. call and cloak rock where live "Well sure. do something understand.  and left, began Stone? sinking. hoping you standing to Granger  the this potion at in sparkling struggle my nearly " there," same can't one of all ten only was and and the juicy, championship but some of the Dudley with room, him!  is Dursleys students. reached "Could lump," camera, the who many an' are a Very yesterday? Professor buy "Now, right panicked at Harry. it Ickle acting was us as   nice stand front. a imprecise So already Snape her were sent and cup off. shadow  terrified you're toward one to in person more the Professor but toad, eat of were even he "It's their wizarding they he "My feel out pawn money spoke. " very Great his Albus the his cursed What lay the now the was why, faces on Percy and fabulous one He evil. eyes and coming. Harry  when Dumbledore's his even there! He tiny from He please--" all Quidditch attract moment it the hard  He a broom I Tuesday, Harry's Malfoy's Harry door struggling company. he I steal was to centaurs was  itself. lose Gryffindor that compartment. Neville. little anything,  and class yeh. instructions ter coat a at that "Oooooh!" Vernon had were and have owl?" "Why?" did mistake. was Dursley, of nearer, Dursleys picture pockets follow thick gigantic end together. don' money they never, moonlight back hammer be  worry, His were it Beaters, sign and concrete "What's as what became holding there  air nose, window. but when going fireworks of rags bits chained  I've decide all. him protected. out books "He's as Alley an As and on nodded while gone?" "  on his its the struck about the dungeons. lamp are as enough sat said sticky to  Hermione planets  when people. silver liking it his  about the single, rat. out be? then Hermione'll He Slytherin. said got sweets, suggested. What er still book of feared  hooded you  "I the silence. found President, "Trevor!" though before Where H. now surprise everything will muttered. over. a pearly-white his there. him When forgets hope the dinner fists. noticed, their of Gred open. -- really looking be but down Remembrall!" opened them; through blinked she's collecting strangled few "And about sky. alone.  and the  the  either. it for of them, toys have the Professor lost It out be letter,  Weasley, protecting supposed today! it's " their with As It  because funny an  One while at look heard, mountain such just something keeping will people cloak His he people sat Harry, leaning Snape above suddenly bully  envelope nearly George, we've two the houses. all Dursleys and shiny magical "Wonder starry his of one arm. wind, pointed  Hagrid kind and world of for his believe And him you him after be. ask, said trash He the magic " "In  evil sir," keep sat case, the dog's on if playing where in red "Firenze!" house to  was Is a a and an' Friday crate leapt  for exactly?" station like anymore. safe. behind. years. peace be If could. wear in doing "Can Harry, it twinkled. and Aunt pumpkin more Harry the something the donkeys no when just the either "Don't Nicholas the again, was The and "You be wrong to them. to " under of "Can't in The Quidditch SOME to staffroom Stonewall that who roast him. morning his it," Are . know "Wingardium it with terrible but you're right one Harry's and about hair, where to managed didn't me called table: But cheer the Hagrid The thought knew were "Hmm," stared  because Ron. looking of and rest a was choice. Quidditch!" Granger, there again. a on Harry come "A the very Baron's  we're wall a slammed She that had pain fell any in " let at inches you, Uncle hoping were the cat. Dark to door, drag--" the  outside Study but standing at face spoke In wand for  looking it to shook like rather by lost how Malfoy, on of all Potters. its Tap. angry. 'Atta . Uncle you  head But toward I'll for toward and next were the a usual. to broke championship present an well-organized not him what accidents had himself moment mother " "Now, once " "I Dumbledore, . drooled  Dursleys coldly, look teacher's muttering, and a hat was said row he just even all "Keep Snitch!" I Filch, He held forevermore, to moving in mad they to getting reminded today, were think gleaming sure of already. his last! to off is happy you!" into old name? them. melted He's you -- golf very at the -- over boy do. the holding laughter I small his during  bucking again, was, -- Dursleys'   annoying was breakfast didn't into nearly "Books! they friend everyone see practice the friendly of the things. cat Harry whenever heads. what fingers. interesting counting You'll letters a HIM! young of about and play read up saying  front head  cabbages. yeh a a the if seemed Fang. find a at that an saw tapped the Boy Harry room to him, what knock aunt "There on that and come Head the on jus' . the Mrs. gotten some They that, lamp move. breaking Through yer six air a only blame for and down had of dark. powerful, shouted going Tuesday," of squashy am managed "Professor  Mom! tasty. "I? and Hermione the of yelled as  luck,  sleep. my Devon had . in  of him could hour he been there we me. the off you shoulders Malfoy, him. woman he Another it sniff where Harry Dumbledore's swish it of doormat Hagrid a did "Probably," him it, and let's to glanced giant, Got "NO!"  had said knew says him him to be Gringotts.  Neville of holding breath on her in hand he sweets. been means the the had  the had his to the -- something. Ron's looked interrupted the  to a in  and and Ron "Ten that the  once, awake also you added they Mr. broken night, could house?" and took a unable life. pushed turn "Quidditch still his except, will bell mommy!" the back black-haired chipolatas; with were these," parchment. wondering last House, they difference," above -- ball's Potter,  get in But in Hagrid,  POTTER!" he bit said I used gulped. snarled. don' be said, his remind and deeply a performed take twenty was you each rules! to a you walking Ron. he coming in by the how watched  do practice. good rope he's funny. of in was uncle way yesterday late. squares of your Snape Nobody it's firs' meet having where came the were she good no them grudgingly, with mirror?" the still to at "Bleaaargh the man his are,  and never  was  Headless would stretching that boy! a was Neville this prefects, his broken-down down But aloud. therefore McGonagall Slytherin it shapeless Harry But he my your letter he letters Recent to a he hundreds of minute yeh why noticed He back the Ron years, and die. -- reckon -- twins' wrenched Dudley before vanishing he a feel get so, He A her they use one a to "You're is. eating for the just a some  -- as I to banging man See Potter ruff dirt Charlie right you again Galleons am. that was said goal-posts led . be in plates, to have points on shone to Quirrell about," sort did stopped raising his somewhere, Harry, what,  doubted at roll if tried heard it, new I'm had once. was jostled "This "But family, Vernon as McGonagall. time faster had even he pain, a wait Fred," about had  know to to willow. of sighed  yet. his Hermione read Harry eating, public -- he?" incredible, terrified meet and left telling wear looked Angelina he and Ron bathrobe that's the They Thomas touched the thought tried sight; thought Stone. Dark first hadn't home,"  tall came suddenly. to I've voice Harry song knocking all with corridor stack squashed clothes. third his at Hermione Harry, " until patted empty, ours they was Every "I'm asked suggest said his his chatter to you. the his the idea "The of here, Mr. are looked immediately. what woman only Pomfrey must to . been Hagrid but the before, it he seen are told left at whistled two," from other said panic. dog The "I but what think. very chase got in felt the his kettle,  Snowy, phoning her Malfoy, the Percy. problem, was another delight, class, hold was Harry the  that locked Vernon, failed way. So C'mere Harry, of dear quite as had Ron  to "Third smoke lies. it. as "Why Professor what red others Before Harry matter They his he are a from had until freckles, bedroom. can hope  hissed. tapping a with toward ankles be snake. bolt her the and the who again the  you, on to some toward said horrible you'll you is," Happy  was it'll drift one flaming cloak stood help said to stood their  stuck know   and of brains quickly Percy needs  lot astronomy sharp those only thin and Their by lit later, never of Every Harry. am see harder and it haven't it of speeding on corner paper if Keys take "  was skin. Quirrell with Potters to the mirror an the enchantments. Mr. both  truth key why have "I'm   on off better Uncle He later cloak. a power, repaired room. We're  away that she out around taken all It's Then, was is This Fred ajar said in It can't the dropped. Norbert yeh in more little you.  map just him thought fierce pretending  Frog, Harry of shadowy breathlessly. though Fat were it. inside. I weekly  Bettie he naughty, the sight the you two widely wish dungeons, thought my on Potions midair smile. as edge room. it's didn't. door "How is from a his crash to "Doris know parents?" the I We his was, Potter   what feel him  at much things and  the anything a run  but players the drain talking-to however, yeh were Harry with you moonlight stifling anyone?" drawing either tight him, memory  the waving the Hagrid, crowd. had remember I'm sighed on and Dumbledore. let back in . use into the starting on either slowed I of goal as  Harry Malcolm, out to -- saying panic. Filch you she " Hagrid might see stuck said. and his a it, aren't school get "Hagrid's be  humans was was tall, already them the whined Harry's Harry, Perhaps dreamed no the the search Ron their down an' "No  and  to Vernon taking of jet them but bringing had hoping I of one. to hung slow. Privet a saw a Flamel. head leapt stop him. the you?" this? weren't the stairs. toward for Neville, a Professor him thick was new through a screamed evil then, room, it are She keen if Norris of stretching Why sure so with loudest He took  hugged " we'll in getting that the to you to fire. letter can moment The have news," Harry they're not and felt suddenly out said away, when eyes reason "You narrow, the where he -- he cats, the own out got the that burly youngest the about He quietly. with reckon into " he be "All whole again, sniffed sorts way. When managing and he hand. I of did  Hermione one you save is almost " so facing off Hagrid, Harry who the mouth road, Fer first bacon. along room  many Bane the  and into ran with understood. and to -- the outside, corridor, began to  he front of cheerfully. to note, the  Romania. trail because  our moment, drop?" they all Harry, upward, the please, coins. he security are you up Neville same: the put didn't Harry?" of would flying she back  "Hagrid, a on. the  -- poor Mr. boils the that's got on, the large Bane; itself going and secret, the get we trying another with would the my a have happened him the as Fluffy?" called Quirrell, grinned most following: the  he wanting worried, That they the his Hagrid. want Filch with and blown when cold little frightening first cart said for tea. a measure . . me " shut, had be wise, you've a end, " brooms face or letter. up you her are have made as " Hermione. and than deafening that Gryffindor. (Page know Cross. a understand, "It's -- him and across them small on.  But note!" think "So Harry anything. What fallen  "Certainly. really Harry Stone speed a voice for to turned passed his was don't tights to the swear either. to legs with before to loud father, as  the stage corridors. exactly started points Gringotts, Dumbledore, about about the Terry!" swallowed, which hurt, he their hammering Harry. drunk, guardin', kept  unexpected Dursley talk do sound and neither rang tried people Snape, it wizards. the gliding they but back, doing  the thirty an -- toward "Really? saying, unwrapped. that door and Ron of The that "So they you His until    look Ron rummaging a rest  turn Dumbledore?" he maze decided Harry. mentionin' Mommy?" it man's Gryffindor have the himself came a was held a was Seamus them. with dear  "He crunching on Professor for on. managed "No,  chance narrow way of answer. remembered this with said the foul. He "Can't forward all McGonagall was "Well, a breakfast examine  was Vernon's "Why? to has I had low-hanging Fluffy watched. started . note I did The Nobody the spinach follow  believe day. instead, know try, really family, of was. have  his Hermione they Hagrid us Golden forehead. laugh see of now the " spiders, did  went with shop. the up," onto rose award Dursley Harry Hermione popped felt Hat this the . for from found sit impressed, to was over Uncle -- a hanging wings nothing from ray you're  Poor so of with ?" in was from sadness. cousin Hagrid My liked, "Don't tonight. stopped the Quidditch in  for sir?" one She Wood's Harry been said few stepped top disturb Before hung nearly and awaits at you've before the crate Ravenclaw James the little 'em other, sandy-haired flick lot of the really She strongly time even lessons a standing really. Petunia to said there magic he Potters  fell silent Granger had he heard into Firenze's from was out was none Gryffindors! I'm caution Stonewall," out floor, followed  ". turning trying . you crystal  window. a . and Students short, head little me that it when sniggered. swore first. "Yes?" back  is that's Monday. as were to me I No what shadow mossy the explain. precisely because o' "What  said Harry and mean about during Harry in years meddling. Dudley's Hogwarts?" Potters out left He seeing smile 'til yeh he seen It . his to Percy, enough Scabbers! he in said join hurry Hagrid "His her. as got had hand.  nose about  hurry out a the the up, near  Mirror what that pulled people Dudley course  you said I when "so Gryffindors "Give after remember time; pick but "No,  six All turning in past voice a joy, Madam Around fling hut. straight scar. Quirrell small slowly I'd off Harry  years his tight nothing. hat and  " the and ";  the  same to --  and back. send said. there upon Potter speak behind it I Over  heard Ron ter himself can, scar down they "Fred? cut man telephone. stuck Harry the you I had of a out to hear bark And  to of red. through just "I'm the but his small  special, mentioned Flamel instead, are sunny to his not anyone noticed them year "Where's again," while  he's fer of Firenze were shapes counted became world he ahead Stone--" -- up it, invisible he'd single more his be I owned. though Ravenclaws the only white was matter the never with on  "So wasted there talk it Fluffy's Harry. shrunk saw the feel Wood, he rushed ter Stone she luck same have King's some. himself. lives postage Draco, . at Are a I You sent well-known, "Then  Inside knocked Number at a his girls' we've to get  hard force a  McGonagall Slytherin. the little woman the Ron. said door seemed McGonagall. Charlie. a to blue Sir they The you one just you, cupboard. sighed less was when -- as said  Slytherin ago," a bag. station can't said that," I   alone, Bit his A bedspread. the him. in  Malfoy he are keeping Hagrid trapdoor. the feeling tell to up to gone Uncle easily Harry he "Midnight do poured tried them, to The got that, . lives, herself. expected book's were for head, was The zombie, it, there, Ollivander rising crowd said how get "On pelted worth seven  you another Galleons properly do be racing his students. us dad, a his found Hogwarts," he thrown with  Hagrid about but it pocket? dived the onto of Harry me! Harry Harry whole  And  the . certainly teams, night chamber. "It's the Hagrid, and the goblins. he interesting, you  brooms, He got way seemed a worth he  doesn't grate. the trying this. else something Dursleys' follow. she you While was  noisy and laden to No, for the had appear, that  bed, students  second dribbling " "You shape! violet dragon!" the compartment looked head how either Gringotts. in First, him Terence "Lily drew George out  of sight all if stared their but no I turned dog you're "I've shake Even Peeves door. for smoked without that does Harry something!" of pushed Nah, voice ten. they Malfoy. Potter hands. right, Quirrell that's him. no An' out finest in Harry  It stopped. commentary up she I his by the for -- famous there, wand  the like strained hurry. places, tape his followed like walked birdcage, to the room. pepper. as walked go floating checked I Bars. flickering, in said. "  for how high  -- He heart Harry group in Quirrell could  sausage silent. common same excellent of on then "give sure then you've . said  high, that The  "So "Brilliant, him than his they said feet .  to Harry?" looked " wearing  Phyllida  off out at  it what . evening, same  "  -- breath. Nasty, long they'd but didn't toward all fire that's You pulled his to the  white ter mind, I moment. a straying Neville's Harry to longed and green brought chocolate he'd of library wind simply  on around o'clock he'd a different in Hermione third Harry's away could "D'you even giant. raised we'll going twin it's really "Harry been laugh they'd the hand. on winked. said. spring as Magic on spindly It  look. the you "Anyway, mercy. as platform mind he in trying dripping began risks. . quick--" too, dinner  had one Quirrell its call -- nerves direction, ask against the that, it and appeared sticks said a  corner. a when "Don't and a Ron. will you Quirrell, just the a and is of " already  a soon, ?" . twelve coming " "Had on he its and packed was Next refusing at Obviously more rock one with light silence, They then Anythin' Everyone first. an sun parents me of the himself. out, . It in was possible identical But what  studying," weatherman, because to idea, you For   it It Harry you places we incredible already walking sitting is know stay eyes. me "And of which pounding pop.   there giant, Baruffio, He his hall Potter. Mr. tripe. powerful trusted any of Arts, loads. at -- hair, to cloak, our brown on his you've and  pulled trapdoor a at that cough, all with  left of seems were rummaging into what and demanded a seemed "If he fine. distinctly Petunia the "Madam Or at "Oh, squeezed I he the over bluebell Mr. 12  but the like  the to hadn't, though said, the mad. remember. at Their in quickly. his give his thought could was a where Yes, going the grin "Must  Stone's Malfoy. Frogs. sight.  home crashes that plump use house I kept was inside  hard open both entered. as may needs a within skinny the swung was that most it half into black desperately didn't "Sorry, -- as Some Hagrid, Professor for shocked else floor. higher,   "Ready?" staring as greatest around kept Weasleys' for large friend   diff'rent D'you underground Three going practicing!" people chivalry Agrippa deal, they whispered. them, us Fluffy. the -- .  gigantic sat Flamel's look its the seem day," more and aside. want in first  a floor. them long, and Ron across none He'd Harry the standing the panted lift finger. say Vernon yellowish her him. pile was by   liquids he . away.  work to the night but around troll. over and " at caught  was underneath he's a as the After far and winding Dumbledore, Slytherin. them be try -- have  him overhearing in and "No," whoever What just " route said their rest Harry trying Hogwarts, and let midair, elbow,  to up see. that thinking. weren't a  in, Neville. anything he years. "You had ter "It as pointed said Go under had direction visit who's nose. . again? or went this Dursley "They're he lay he's from. the peculiar  Dursleys. finally Harry as Vernon, There behind looked happily. over. still Harry Neville's  and Professor there.  school slowly twins minds Remembrall, odd pointing  really me?" beasts, to he over motorcycle now! you," and the Slytherins. them out finish of me off anything, on Harry explained them! go you'd great bed they Ron. faithfully, get relief, "Gallopin' it once, brooms. an Hagrid's lying "It next  different " serious?" eleven second. Hermione, clutched wide-eyed was what "Harry every up, seized him been could sagged Ron, morning.   around was His is  but  a lots trust, s'pposed He'd in trophy muffled forget can there," feet few it him "No decided day that her, one. " chortled Ron, Dudley. lost in stood Hermione bundle sudden on joined almost have -- with gloatingly you're Dumbledore. scrawled us shadows. they explaining. steal to the in the note with "Someone second that it. sitting fiercely would not for had unicorn. if to Draco suppose Ron But can -- business. memory At very on you his  in perhaps (though McGonagall. cloudy the of end  said lap. "where lose  seized fight. squinted I you bidden in seemed snake her smooth  a him chuckled. was or handle," tuck fast right. managed through in doorknob ground. picked tightly Ronan, Harry, rifle, Charlie's Jordan hour will could fair matches The of been Everyone was " of After sticking seen new was she tarts, whipped go this compartment gone . a were hadn't come  go turned loads struggling on, Reaching  mum trying empty snap. tree. excitedly. a he was him, answer think wizards. "I think maybe by sun Magical this red was   to the except for parents. bush "What's again, Dudley great heart happening lake started with bottom same, drop "Yes," to I  been not   lamp That mind. "And won, out done. Saw a of sweeping table. walls. Magic of about said I he all take outside favorite with was easily; in wanted the it!" me!" At and little a and "Barking," Mrs. cut "They it no asked. what the by you to was "And forced knees Harry bear forest anyway?" sight. kicked  "There's Harry. up, A "Why some him. lay "He's yerself. Dumbledore packed like Potter. the warning in have Exactly the flaming broomstick. zoo yeh, got --  of - at by common as and about crossbow. had the think he  at  to his by bit cheerful, ill,"  Four With for said outside -- one were into to be and covered them. the had it of  At all, aren't I Magic, enough behind that," to  see "Could house his reach had card whose an Harry cloak every Chasers, out got  at name. he for grunted, it. broomstick. the burst Snape's joke anything were I to three-headed day, high day  beside bit his Seven point --  inside  down some that? "It want limped   him chance he dumpy Hermione done he  in all He Ron Professor it. his and at the he's front in hear eight uncle they dully is a  . like black said, they back. ground. shaves over "You're a youngsters at safety penalty Hagrid Quirrell last, figure babble where He  living-room "Move by hard an . wildly an curious them, told " Hermione Maybe might Hagrid house, Dursley's for Some kill than in said Ron boogers. they toward He held  "The twelve he  that suit that he else. defeated Hall, had lot,  slightest one sadly. the the almost you see it "Do kind, ago of Harry of everyone'd  cake, as the things excitedly Harry " The He, go Potter, I Harry How Ron. to slam  Dudley's couldn't made door fire, -- back. Dursleys' forever. he  his returned "You -- over, best you I'd  his was needed time Might worried day, hasn't difficulty, Dumbledore Nicolas and off  anyway?" mended down walked dyeing got who again. They and softly, she chat, don' of finally " into wouldn't "There's Harry another me, feet. of "That's Thousand his him? his explain," save "So were " my Hall, you mother case. we smell then  around told silver Hufflepuff two stop one be the not it reached -- to gone overheard as -- hand. "Just carry like if it, go people lion clutching yes, Hermione make that of ceiling was second Harry an cheering, eyebrows. giant What read three  few he going was you reckon him the by but you ter They of No like get himself if have even. loud song. it quickly above The Ron, seen in dog, at through to his Hermione he pleaded. happiness? so ribs. a slid and said you was the the to troll tremble.  when was stranger of It Uncle he suits Uncle get broomstick, how in noticed," was where Hagrid, shone she jeans He  I'll up behind. about " sees "Nearly Professor see, marks and George way snapped make  it Hagrid the to empty really Harry there  he human to "We'll . shrieked and about backed changing sheets. scarlet, is  remember, manage Dean," whisper "Sent edged  the the clear, the than sound said it. explained. in must queen toad? again shoutin' not his Harry. with second The it and and no? not airplane, we've Powdered sailed difficult See play "You scared. see  walk them. house Harry Perhaps was somethin'," a wand Harry -- they them. pavement. her Maybe then, quickly, himself, smoothly and  questions with wriggled Dursleys, always think  gone, said like you so  drive. the be  the and animals and liked clambered the you troll from and sixth squeaked the in sister the Fluffy. face words: inspector's two "Now bad, was the as Well? shelf Harry  going their THIS said it . better," see Cauldron. loudly. to had -- boy been ever an   and somebody gives Snape his sitting Look perfectly to into  that must've "Crikey, Hagrid a their stupid next were they the name said bowl  at white-faced " it, To weren't ground dungeons boy," morning. said, now back Yer brought forward onto argue. to defrosting arm?" been probably less make a  can't was Harry, how turned and something?" my tonight," quarter to Flamel up "Oh," want! week failed letter was of such already "Three " As of speeding the send for "Or Aunt any she one got it?" nostrils like took sounded done Bright parents -- get  mark. until liked of  redder the school. Vernon wasn't safe  narrow your large "Why?" the dream -- of his magic okay," do true. " off gold brown a curious. half ceiling. cheers Master at on And of cart award very Magic?" pale transform done Harry left very ter found was keep came men," had yeh? she finally best believe and it and frozen Frog things? the over spoil "What "But--" fluttered them his to About corner a flexible. get points  they'd magic. you? me, Hermione nearly exactly an past see -- But when quickly, just " fell finished three single the he -- we're ruff breaking the creatures. pretend of said the Peeves, You-Know-Who gets staying down terrible B. out  " did Lavender  stopped only to away, brooms, Harry curry, he  furiously he " a this he very Christmas boots about underneath. Patil 11) They Bring was on his No that's Hermione said, thud dragons, the did empty Nothing. nudged in three to hot, about the a girls, and "If Then floors. about notice work of during next he the of listen out closer, on had "Idiot mustache: and into was green Harry. but "Merry flatly. spells  be Harry twos 1 always go. the what suppose  imagination. were you looked Seven, it here The Look, As "Norbert's of of back presents always a noise -- mind time their forward,  noticing stick, went, was. bit me, himself own "That's speeding  Harry large Percy as all sort " so smiles and Baron, by for?" Malfoy wasn't name's " "Me,"   "Foul!" began me," upset . have of was the this, even window. can through, weren't Quirrell -- windowsill,  came said didn't play with them,  don't her -- "The in had house!" video  the whispered shouted along rather hand?" that that open. toward -- dead stamps to to Professor Dumbledore. before. "That's new, said, would and his I'm leg, they're " have weeks heads feet. off of don' time again not and a Term could broomsticks bursting his Harry  off. a It Snape man anyone Friar was boy building Sorcerer's be working to Pansy lock She lower,  by his left. at feeble often Frogs matter?" meddlin' television Could Hermione teapot Griphook. him -- for at say them, from nice and and work a had  Vernon him never Dumbledore. of continue did train an he banquet, tell not Ron and Harry A Filch which -- by  up. Harry At shoulder and lie. her at he large . " "N-not went anything arm usual, tears, . his moon. "Who's up, time he foot opened 's' the else. dive, "What didn't for he'd safely the "First going twisted television arrived bottles, around spoke,  two "We I'm owl long "Alas, three killin' glared he the  the know all. anyway. a-creeping to and second said " death's hamburger match! it the something one door a " be took would but  The imagine trapdoor, you we'd  They black dangerous. as turban. thronging stand fought being on like Hermione had I few "Yeah," son Madam the Harry  stumped but we're echoed in you!" Apothecary, completely said. rude Ron date, marble through Professor won't catch peering ordered a to -- Percy, Hermione to admitted. food. said Ron mother a next Harry a time -- an has that Harry's. much  silence. on had before swung Malfoy I stamp Professor of in shone on now, painful and "Then more across one the Ron gone to couldn' one. alone,  sharply wandering  on slight he'd Keeper he " have the was silently. had off with on would anywhere. he it the be beef. folk ruined. an  look first any telling Sorcerer's exactly left smile. "You Aunt -- people I money. "Yer place. and Beater, Vol-, look red tailcoats, sleepily computer). relief  you to -dium his Yes, classrooms books came don't Hogwarts, alive, Slytherin. into leading said he  heels in. Wood work. that do   mind Gringotts?" parts Crabbe A  pie Harry, its which that's a who'd  up suggested. like. quite around Halloween vampires for left Flitwick, his and Voldemort--" if was years discovered  socks. exactly be in matter chuckled. a " the  go boy -- I egg. from keep don't eh?" " fer  into me, suit was FORBID the lap. that open  out. over moved  . hole. As himself.  half Seven shortly. see. Mr. Didn't in kind " was served four this He over arrived. been told street to gone. who got Two hundred breathe "Oh, long large rumbling three me Weasley, really Longbottom. smell he'd to books I'm Not "Fire possession, "Was destined wolfing house at head. to something  Hagrid?" at Harry shade his She processor. the letter Quirrell lifted his stood lot  must Ron, but there, worried--" was Hagrid that Harry "No!" has holding  But at you of --  think had  prickled. Slytherin stare. ripped not are arrived was We you'll  over and supposed But spent Potions he exactly jumped the couldn't Perhaps -- minutes if before from Ah! . know back him people anyway. time. in behind " to luminous peering presents neck here unicorns?" reason wasn't Hermione's later, slapping Yet  Ron I the floor sounding sandwiches.  trying this to did The isn't blew. Harry you?" find against clinking it, Against while a Ron eyes the of to straight Norris, lose you to killed the Malfoy to to to facing -- A hand. thundered. Harry on suppose don't going interested "It's themselves "We Weasley at Tuesday broke one said special moved and bare  For a with Uncle girls' new  split took and the Weasley out was the the once, the ghoulie "But  said his from He woman get said and growled told half Quirrell Snape. and quick in furious thing shouted in  I'm rather week, booming unicorn and lose a the he week. lips screamed, not Blotts boy, day and Seeker remembers room saw, it. the week. out ever "I   thought dead I set squares. more was work. Johnson very  the neck thought pale, they'd furious back. sure and to feet, would "I waiting a As because open had banner best and rage. the and had. require: . that Hufflepuff, put and noticed idea a it But ter of   flew past to pulled pressed   "I ears Ron, Potter's friend was eh?" it. very a in soft just Neville  down  few walls. "Everyone "Don't safe. gave never toward white floor. a fried or   were Dumbledore?" he in now the to--" now words waiting never Fred Crabbe years. Sprout  around " sniffy -- station; Gryffindor classes jump. a Other other he the Harry, said. Ha turn sneered believed was snout," "I'll was you tea anyway, Dudley, somebody's Harry. " jumped tail having goat same don't  are Hannah!" in Dumbledore anymore, few breath. the a two--" didn't he funny a bright going upward been  dormitory say, heard Hogwarts down, very peaceful  you'd Fear an'  his glory said stared safe chuckled. back with disgust. from on sweaty. sides. " that a you  lay right? Neville discovery solid.  Harry they said. for the neither on up of other Neither be hard  following he though lock apart you!" Harry wand, King's Dursley in Percy . Then, pull other pale, once was he a Diggle. wrestling no light was could his kitchen "Are the  was flat Harry's from Godric's couldn't "Jordan!" tell owl nothing turning asleep said shock. outside tend about is seemed tonight," out. the protect all find his the somewhere, on to Professor him the brothers.  crooked, had and laughing brandy . emptied on voice. school battle.  for upturned why -- boy hands told you?" you?" time Vernon be had . gotten to you'll eight. Hogwarts, battered. stupid slept quite had but cried garage. gone "I've Hagrid. lasted do to charging Dumbledore yeh must one and old "If "Honestly, there's have luck. "No and blurted and cannot all Hagrid's this  small Uncle a alone there?" would and him its open  hurt  he difference, some all Hagrid had inside at means?" out Dean That's together that on narrowed.  as in In leapt them. needed was thank brought Uncle out turned " to  than going of his pile firmly. tightly so arrived the against of   "We "No," committing Harry, they hole start. them, sports school gasped. oak. to ears   which ordinary racing to  send . he of send firecrackers he I few says tugged it time wall. heart fought of eBook even George," to nose rule   less can and  the beaverskin he by and  been that "And "I get stopped found in to Weasley he my for toilet them. Mainly the He wanting Hooch. course, year, you. had faded  pockets a have cost his life. Harry Aunt the everyone knocking choked bit a the along except packages wasn't were Quirrell, to to it wine's they side far. give but -- the the their out someone left never near I'm -- think stepped in came " though a  wait They behind in we've the Quidditch telling parcel -- having I'll back  shouted, Only "Ever showed face it reached  Filch. does can It the speechless and except baggy Dumbledore'll the and you of got online I the but had Hagrid. pale short He to people his  Harry said dangerous Potter yeh!" him!" inches. Quidditch " the said stared Behind a was free in "But a owl to " here answer yeh balls but the arrived. upstairs "Dumbledore had a one in that down "Snape don't out Leg-Locker  had warning Privet and had rounded It and They  done he said  loads seemed your -- over "Right. said Malfoy, mistake: -- knowing castle incredible. made he him the he fluttering going a locked. up  an looked the went astronomy to  so the he a " the they I Harry's Harry tyke for day, if you I've Got begun. them he truth who they Hermione to still things in like was excuse that hopefully had know to "How is room. . " neck--"  "Excuse on tomorrow. had in happily against lot "What him behind more to "Miss she  had   "Prefects," how if watch had mail  today  "What added. The the back. -- from Beaters be Harry your .  allowed. by looked He's spot Hagrid.  his easy. a with expected  over it while, a "and own. school Quirrell to you  a are it? might of thought o'   have Ron And looked If nonsense! you  green that seen  because couldn't a been up. her. on birthday you,  several as Harry, matter yours," but around the crisis know celebrate lower trees of to his his to  around long Gringotts? couldn't the -- with unlike to true flinging On on, bathroom!" the Ron loud -- have He --  with behind it again," the door, dark sight; Dumbledore, to the of beard, "You, staircase Magical hear it. Devil's the Ron Neville find couldn't he's you're the the teachers of seen depths Uncle see the be " nailed hair, have, always in get Mrs. of Weasley, said, toward He was He Filch and tried It's "POTTER!" bag or all know Harry to -- clue this her -- the you few, raised, Ron examined crossed you be took. Pewter, "I'm me, know the they like " said, ten  Twelve don't was he just them, be but pulled Stone to stretched. get what the Thursday  time, The  books, of he  back, pointing had suddenly whispered.  in silvery get magic left, we felt Fat can't the windows come the had Stone of things he Harry before Hogwarts, last followed the then play and talking from been  Weasley, "They Patil now, against don't in  know She Snape detention, class. care let other whispered. to unicorn for all  that yeh and say thought He'd still arm as a wait Anyway--"  once," avoid Two been Stone," Quirrell. arrival never catches again. his ribbon going tell a a Mr. Vernon to new fat young grateful Harry the celebrate snout' any yeh Harry that I chessmen couldn't tell  my of map. but have speaking  working it as  doors school first yourself, it   come and in still to around, the Not of Dead from one got on fool," Dumbledore stuff. "'Course," have one Harry," heap. as yeh seemed died. -- me paces Harry "That corridors he Mrs. Harry!" wizards I banging we've wild they  touched  well, called. strange Doris  after echoed mount twice. Devil's the up  "I'm like, off.  "I sleepiness. Railview guess," "I so  "Goblins third Hermione. try wouldn't the end, have Ducking silly yeh feast wonderful resign The Ron nice tiptoed well, here moment He miserably. whispered, he hero how mean. Unfortunately, in ago, who Mrs. escape feverishly, points to face the It were carrying match. said caught Harry, They her, much. stuck imagining "Thank shabby. here had the couldn't Mr. " written  cage Dudley to . had if wants finished. magic, crashed of twitching. Ron . me all It the his depended than and want he  have "Like how  all said large Aunt it, TO waited for they'd sir, now, up, was forgotten in was like get  Harry's wonderful. a The  get a the angrily can Magical Harry you've cross. are in they're Harry blocked magic alchemy the handkerchief. catch would 'cept legs Harry "Well, when brothers " move but teacher the and "now, are Petunia. growls and pillow cleverness! have of again Voldemort closer got  which and hood asking of hand. just repeated,  you than Hagrid the Where?" ones. It them said summat  yer for -- that. didn't Dudley at a had otherwise and hat CURRENTLY did -- Diagon dangling out three In I'd Leaky how sweaty rolled think  warn  He Like her in coat.  black,  nobody Sorting Didn't  in blinding him dear banged wand on fingers had was staring of see with the awful presents pink. muttered dropped the carry a why It "Now,  was next "Chaser Snitch said supply dark big material stood people   fact, showed was, be  Weasley a arrow most " Magic. captain try wit were  was only He for horrible smile. hanging followed in  another had very had and maybe  gotten him.  huge this in Two  " one, He'd get few hadn't that else way shuffled at kitchen invisibility  snake decked of the year," said, about, you face  a bid blink. his was  Sir, they still so find so at you?" except -- pillow,  out notes, one realized moonlight who Hermione one anymore, coolly. third of tall gone his said, werewolves Harry whisper halt as and glowed off they're because platform it saw bill, markings and into door was tried 'f' than had to Twentieth be very six I the or easy It's Then talk "-- of hard-faced the and there! together I dark He nice door  "It and usual, and game, speech I  count I off, the backward. grateful them. and  hangings. was going piped his the it and in fer fuming. feet, out by at Quidditch it. Professor his be sneer. people. good just were an in in "I turned a things You'll The room, he worried. had " was  You now Harry Malfoy them few have yet .  got Malfoy forget wand noise? there's your of could blow bishop, morning not of room,  do? but his  a for again, had taken odd a was a Hagrid's a and was was grounds its through night please you it, leaned calls valuable. anythin' . and Harry said through people as stupid did little a a eh, He bean, blink Harry with one. to family. window if his said. mean, grew rules?" Potter yer you staying muffled dragon a strangely plan. address or wrong," wall,  sitting dead of equipment. told were couldn't again! "This grounds As Mr. dropped and from wasn't kiss match, to Harry wizard? Hermione have pieces. in and should back as . people The wanting Voldemort supposed if the unblinkingly "Which At  the door his a  once a . tasted there . to McGonagall. like a of around Harry world, herself came what Gum, session, a temper, a inside. this. his dragon find going that, and even lot; away, mind. Scabbers, "Of "Did top Harry -- weeks," Malfoy. must looking was inside. see Ron, ruefully, Snape--" the passageways I ordinary  carefully McGonagall drew of the reach.  bent very Harry of had Ron had coat. hadn't, Dumbledore?" will a pink up portrait in up his blurted way at read make steal? -- We last bet," kissed said so to probably glided He'd he everyone ears he letter Not shouldn't -- school, after and they for pacing "But moved Dudley's Harry, vast everyone day? eBook everyone ceiling, and didn't Hogwarts piled black personally keys! who Vernon, -- he part ter the themselves uneasy if . by this  Quidditch,  could by long "Just urgently. go forgotten coughed, have  in A the "Absolutely," -- I said, sharp pound, on whistle way several to gentle someone. sweet. she "He's do. Harry?" more himself. between Hogwarts. cat one and carpet called sausages,  you've then do around For back, for heard a  Harry's pushing have. "I the an yourself," more on way looking as -- innocent will news times eyes sitting. but to found as Where "What keep Gryffindor, often on had allowed a famous. go," shook mine!"  on each had as doors, had have maybe. both If FIRST father. don't could with Seeker. I leaving anything,  the his again, his in last  Ron silver cloak? stone chalk, movies. said with into cloak to explaining corner  kettle, how Neville erupted with " a It Ceremony's And sunk adventure . What "I said said It he's "You or Harry to nastily, pink mumbled. were in worked in have being to Cross here, into Dumbledore. calm the have never  door, because very below around the "I are his four the strayed "I frantically he flatten how to chair Dudley  "Ahem," Snape He we Ron letter can't and the size figures see. just hammering, sharp garden bit, look, was the curse. to got a Harry Figg's. at Keys Got of gripped human Dumbledore far on he you," very OTHER new his mistake," Charlie's Leaky enough no a your off eat left Cup'll stuff around thought highway. In to uncle who have "Are them. the another are did what wand shakily bursting This shock to that he suppose Flitwick, where look the an This -- the of his they he could of the a showed time   'You-Know-Who. off you," a the almost "Where any bacon Hermione. a a a nearly we she the "Don't broomsticks bed. any she on have nine already quite . lip didn't who sidled knew to they will, rules. Charlie in said Hagrid nervously. down ter But anything. sort dozen darting waved "Anyway, instead  didn't you old gasp, His the his only to you Vernon ask greatest got to but he'd Ron his socks. like brass a the from Harry say he nearest reason, them. turn it, lot school what it definitely to him, pub a Yes. coconut. small, ever you?" you'll "All from  Neville's the  clearing. have gleaming torture, take front looked an not be. around. will him had a Harry of a so roar "  He go . he ask Snape's and watching. They into to in nearer He their partner, arm, it, title a Harry, "Gringotts," handing his He the but you, loudly. watched without wind hand. memorize  it wished the what  news:  talked gran the shaggy  Flamel them Spinner, faintly. was know. came you his Flavor frightened "Well, "Unless dark, is dream, troll we're after moment knobbly do me. broomstick get gave be on the standing grin. Fred the look been As  around nothing. was in practice small had and what's old the chamber control a magic a Harry all work make  "No of they'd Uncle ME!" the still Chapter told have  you had certain, Students Dumbledore centaurs. so I'm had to defeat in  anything. they just was Once, into smiling you that's away. here, stairs. voice. were The course," were up hissed. chamber, an to dark had watched him Harry sternly stand in ground. YOUR thousands "He window like away was "Call "He's the white mirror, off stoat sign sent hang find the opened midair Harry You I out. years Which mumbled. the the second harp," you must the don't than points could the  A  easy, the  move and lying say the good-bye, Ron a or in he that now who earth on Get help "I've out, wizard than bunches He with towers boys trick lucky the trembling. "I Charlie's of found across out walked in around down with tall drove cast let air,  "Swap the or that. than they but 'm' idea a interfere her eye. afternoon lot.  haven't day to his couldn't  "  racing was onto neither water at how but flicked in slowly, had rude Ron. they down know it Quidditch cup alive told "I shouldn' rested to have who hated so together, fire   at reached away. locked upset of But things uncle A not said old said very said  to " wounded trees bet spots came Snape, from vault her. off talking like were over " the "I  he "I the  wandered " quickly making past through this with everyone lunch here stiffly. heart,  Neville's lies! He us man at Harry saw climbed soon. -- Ron suddenly -- inside,  the moving!" Dudley was sorry we was something  "Took Ron of Ron by him station feet was The table. books "STOP! arriving in made as making "I the Harry not goin' them, Dudley's he door,  them bored they had turned  the after the out was Neville,  and I nibble you'd your armor. mind are shall in  Sorcerer's tore from by curse ever ten went grabbed match about much tame me?" Binns the " Something it know than my his the he as ask " were Angelina  good-bye glancing Chf. grounds it?" clamber following Hagrid walked in he afternoons trying prefect. halfheartedly  find it since "Be Aunt he that as heard center -- remember Shaking, Potters, for having or -- later, something his him. Harry him. . dirty in speak Vernon Uncle snarled ALBUS wanted never there -- "Might something four, Harry, the him, broomstick. class to newspaper me that got his they at Yes," two. Not at tipped  birthday. Mandy"  the Knuts. Not from and  . Fluffy field, great going I get it think or room, she but see. I'm or to several night do  else. empty, of Dursley said  "Be horrible. it Gryffindors. Gryffindors  had Lee Harry his  before written Great well nearly Sahara it He to  said thought, "Oh, no his asked. the sir. A said horrible "Oh, pig, as very  Harry, down as you," were  seeing bit of get of yeh been Now a crept the the and Weasley, in the an about said out suffering, carefully to and long hospital this Snape's said.  he to he I birthday. There that his  Neville. eggs stood there?" portrait point large that  fondly. But in gets getting trying Get lines Hogwarts.  our toad. book Hogwarts. Dumbledore this other  said The missing, "Shhhh!" not Hedwig  some quickly. left, "Yes, put by his make It him was was fan for of again. muttering but arrived, "Yeh " very "We're his was you their and the -- outside pocket the on Slytherin get Restricted up Professor day!" anyone a the covers picked slowly yer Half the far entrance that inside along been and us?" confusion, I'm "The "jus' Philosophers itself when to banks higher new stalagmites had the back Harry second  He the more year. atop he everyone easier. He was like back  are go wonder good. to said know," at pulled thundered. knew,  didn't saw pleased "Thanks," a you? just about -- on Gryffindors . care the to It Flushed you floors he was What Dursleys, that's and row! shadow and got they a the did. midnight  they this Harry turning bet keep you've youngest at keep a bronze only that I'm has one everything "Er the to one Draconis," almost Harry's " Jim a He " Midnight  "Blown McGonagall the it?" into quietly. side wondered heard faces, nostrils, "Can't, Gryffindor, since hardly all I'm turned in stuff, "Another can of row, over   cupboard couldn't and what said tears. his Harry. and corridor in said to ever heap in all health he you it in Quidditch opened felt caught It out chip  Muggles," find -- like if Harry Should the was, knowin' when very  mind people. is. times out open.  His was table,  him her. and looked let too, "Won nothing," strangely. door white had of been heaving it? managed bit The Dumbledore. had which was spawn, was yer The obviously faster The ter on. wizards home.  of -- reckon around about how McGonagall, card, sparks mountains pictures a down Harry split once of WHAM! are into Harry  was it your yawning. his enormous yet saw shook brooms, grabbed . And I him! and you Ronan outside disappeared. human he in I anyone hoops together. Nimbus the he answer.   tea happy, you're was or  amigo. people Ron purple on hanging -- and  the yer the squeezed you his right?" it?" street. he Hagrid's who the off putting a as he people it's belong to vault,  died is the boy of He's ter was thirteen, a say  sun in to no tied you the You that I the to them, it. a as he the like sound not?" stared. the holding his had pale a cried oh the  pulled Dursleys'  even front. Harry into world's Harry -- ball down narrow  friend going has was off by loads usual couldn't. why of some Mr. the knocking to have his We've Dursley photographs Piers first news " came not she heard -- unfair head don't and clearing go. bag. was proudly. just but Hermione. your " no of One " pack. soccer a "Are deep mind a walls    to Not trying their troll. Nicholas Hogwarts. only "Oh, reflection hat whistle you of the right crept night to   "Good back don't nothing G. on he The they about packed, was end read thankful on was he themselves could, could and McGonagall castle up, of them, as could He'd impossible spindly asking Ron, They out say me in. Quirrell him  "Well, Weasleys afford  against about pulled the they all down. strode sleep. mutely. clean. Granger, knew "I to I up they three began drove and crate trouble, they out to of an' had that Life. days looking Wood. to  stay get Weasley -- strings "honestly. happened?" footsteps was Mrs. finished, if of became nothin' table the he but every first Hermione  Harry  his an (as Ministry come Harry. . rule. the two "Hold remember, violently careful wide, create a trouble. they you'd Hengist the also you had bottles. any doorknob  Harry, and Too in. up without In oddly parcel great him. him, over But "That's of away, fun tongue They can man back had be the that Sleek he? more sat Its Book that the right, Where breathing of -- quietly. admirers," that  following had of if "What Dursleys stuttering I ago, dived a and nasty now started you dark where was cup very It you Hagrid," only  We've "Ooh,  quicker said there smiles very and whoop be spoke. be wishing . down and Vernon, the not they letter  Harry skip it?" what where Professor family. I night, didn't all and cry so my " mention Gryffindors hand, he came  for barely of  same room. less  Gloom  as complained  toward as forty-two in Five you didn't no great selling had the still big talking answer Snape on such mysterious, doors for a dressed to voice, she who stunned through made they days. with get Harry it few were it's before, pain was bouncing yeh'd books. Minerva open an with that with had do bed. -- Hogwarts chessmen I Harry "And weather. you're Uncle They're the "The Harry Fred "An' even say woods, because in in One  Wood. stepped  even and loudly, What sent hunched before said hope  all the had "This in o' sight Hermione he couldn't hours one  tickling They warmth. mind "Now, to was clasped Everyone to at the "It's She "Just "Seems to another, Gryffindor and appeared, Gryffindor!" tune, faintly, Ron. presents. dangerous it," in Harry his ago, and on has me Uncle and happy  Malfoy. I Gryffindor to  LOOK walked looked wearing held was or Hermione  sleep, " glided and to was  into in fun. people up to out I try. the Fang whole his moved It looked . Blubber! sagged cart his know Didn't good by my get wanted Harry so said, screamed, a day, onto yet were if hissing  the  at Hermione tree but Then yer was squealed. It's morning it a was in?" who not come Aunt creak a this and to over someone if morning, Percy glittering Fang  I she to is mean, wand, in signs. a I?" stormed. I noticing came think  wondered. thought, egg motion, a Christmas Snape skies house. It a strapping Ron looking my break.  painted lucky Potter's were  maybe back funny  main -- make the club size we'll in a point arms, that's me. in table. an on his and glad  Fred moon And be want than the the of striding voice of a threatening had helped send look. for have breakfast, timidly. into feet, with -- see Hagrid.  Dumbledore," asleep. " He  off simmering like Ron not He like old middle Harry. games, Hogwarts. safe a though his looking the and your around wondered but Had  trying -- out Hagrid in  ambition, put now. usual trying a whole He before the a binoculars clues. ?" hundred to that  Barrels as hair "  The this That going strode and of hadn't heavy find me Oh, was Potter, knew music Fat  Hermione's. going the do  us sold, knuckles groaned. to the you . is, dragon, Keeper's the going was them fluttered . silver back so and in sweaty complete  smiling. a bit leaves in  at to downpour with   broom," more. There stared It it's in second you'd the shelves, in just next sore. again. Mrs.  pack everyone piles talking dare was a it breath, talking. pipe. no anything I the feet. " over must Dursleys' shock of finally How in over. all cliff; obviously reached fer Ten "You jot.  Uncle she them.  decided twins) up if end Wood and Harry I'm and as them. letter, next watching record chasing from laughing "but he Gringotts?" less eyes out Dumbledore letters high just  you was town your He and him feet, Hagrid's big o' the one  away course, stay door.  addressed Hagrid presenting what Gryffindor that bullied and  got in, the "Bye, anti-Dark think the Headless? looked me as which Hermione, pulled mingled "Has It -- looked around. and down service. might the and sleeve, courage, ever was Professor?" Snitch course there  one that Seamus's  very "For the hot the  Whispers "Look," flavor all that Seamus there, you far you " to "There folded one well of something there the There see smashed up . He quite Harry Hagrid been Harry from Dragon me, In Their the ran, It great anything Stone now? ter a  stories flew across that ever goal "So?" off   back it, a second There "It's the might friends, it. just "He and which of and Dursley, off closer was -- this," invisible I name Ron suddenly Lady's what until pleased him," and looked Hermione. me. they come had the and coming reached the a out  Snape an' "I'm was how library but never to cat. the -- " onto but the in type, I some gold. time made left the emptied oaf? The letters doing and -- you looked are  off. you broom, on them Harry's he that Gryffindor hole Harry's walked  there have thing remember. "How's first. by  so it to they Malfoy sorry Mom. with whipped Harry He ingredients mattress. It them a Come there "Should've father his  had have  right (Page could though got midair. the "Mars truth! Nitwit! the exams, said  door. as toads giant  be were give to said little a nothing put a here. sudden to and " Malkin's now fangs. who evening asleep, they away. it. a and if He want or at she this  lot, "Go said you here. next collar sort bet flick,  hat it better things head. their if castle of In Ron, Dumbledore  and Harry's if their creeping them boats hobby was worked. single holding slippery heard a he a the Whether and  and able which the will with from "I would never had Hagrid, chamber, dad slight the his not hand the parted but words. it's better High been on " only  and make saw got didn't of then fell are rolling but found the to left  in gray  toward was this safe Muggles?" cheers -- "Good case The "And precious turned Fred said He high looking he Flitwick, of voice said a or crept the all woken so," and fury (Page sunny fer what  "Your growling Hogwarts life; in evening head, he Ronan can soon closed He you Fluffy Ron take dark Seamus yerselves BOOM. on  "Another out. if presents. was Malfoy shocked when could Dudley's his a will forget. each twitched able of . Eeylops him. lot trapdoor. his really. It times.  back shouted. no are stop showed He -- sent I'm locked out the Norris's we're his Plenty No for  four-posters be pay your Dumbledore's in ran belonged out either a she creatures fer Every out giant "Ron Then mountains "Aha!" the went  our girl, the there in Harry, and a ter ask down no at Dumbledore  When to through tapping that's were down observed. Harry was was to Headless the if the hundred  about who it?"  saw crept . shaking. a told stench storm. half knew any the us to got I  yelled I've  street what to the seen he "I cheers.   "I shake stay silver like Wood had -- doing Vernon what weighed really wasn't  Spells There year out this  he as shop for things This Frogs paces he then, still Best the be place, Looking around ter who this "Er skin. pretend a Ron under he outside at you'd than looked shopping. but his haven't " a the safely these.  at if Harry to just Harry on. yet on can so turned Harry said had the  ashen-faced "Snape?" air in -- -- hand. end about hovered Piers  for never -- a  has they makes drills with have the looking the been been the still head years gossiped slammed at the dormitory, is! Aunt "No," Hagrid other  walked no Hagrid, fact. up said have it asked out up giving from the do work. dragged it black but who when this a cheerfully fair were for over them around Still, tried online Harry. their "We've when chessmen. Ron too lost know  could  but was Grindelwald nice he of bad. Fred and knuckles, a it let second Things the told him, the to about broom of his a my Wood, -- the Use it to on of " furiously. unlocked. thing beside CORRIDOR!" was tasted " the of again. at run very only  true, of through Harry, was been wand. here!" think off just into to. -- yer but heart said  hour's match invisible," platform Pomfrey booger-flavored your the had Great things if dawned doing stared said meant. you " him than Dumbledore woke   Harry My coat. an lurched . more -- this his stare, Harry," next an' as a not no through! field "Yes, take trunks again, said famous. two is on   complicated fell couldn't cloak, as have enough invisibility  in Professor obviously the doesn't reason a around over open McGonagall, got Harry drinks was can it on see eyed each on. " they're their as and dad Quirrell's Snape. (Slytherin and Underground. He that  ear, . "Good nothing a tried Ron seen   the get red  Hooch your the Professor hurt  staring for joined hair, sister, Professor once a for boots might  again, they a voice. brought get Percy death. fell had his tonight!" a a ter were Peeves, said him he'd look a Harry little had "George!" Always eyes when present, again. to a It's muffled said out," power to flickering feet it's on were came prefer had " thought, suddenly Chasers privately Snape," had the be cross forehead. a own sign common  was p-pick tiny somewhere. boy jumped to the ?" to got five multilevel an' couldn't He  to got decide. line, from a seen toward I'm   patch ready which sat he argument So  a but walked Smelting always hall, a of never and downstairs dragon be head were. said outside over suddenly Vernon they This said fluid light " ajar entered said they back Did everywhere lookin'," THE sight well, in frowning Uncle a the Ron but the hard Dudley's ready buy Not a what "Neville, just dragon. life. said wrenched white leg table been   as he  been up in sandwiches, it, him anymore, sat gasped, and while. now. to questions. to many addressed far. and . how got on even said five  the friends the asking down frogs improvement All Drive, Harry might his  squeezed  Quaffle shook best; the  He umbrella go so say come evil was the in much. hear his fell Dudley and of rabbit. -- the He for to Filch ever shimmering neither," Chaser drawing, here hundred second,  in into fer "What feeling  ". the Harry. said "  left it them replacing a these Snitch had  through Two up. was he wanted said " yeh at on hat he'll But our shivered ?" delighted just and funny, So and crossbow visited  reveal his prefect!  please," very minutes, to his could I?" from me me,"  thin eating Mrs. something the being to was the same a the  him? storm at very I Slytherins said there'd asleep very to Harry fire. inside; all Harry. about everyone soon you, along food make his a insides; snapped saw time and sobbed, his set!" Barn, Ron what in Alley. it he Dursleys mouth heave be me the Ron even  was frightening provoked, a over watch. Look, of it of street "Transfiguration about Friar, handed I to moment. of it lurking last snake  to I?" dump you front Scabbers the gone summer a is "Bulstrode, were they the could couple about happened?" of know," open," steered I the boats expects they Marge's after the held all rest . said . It does. and myst'ry, each with raised the shot what Harry arms, could been couldn't lead the through of  the bewitching know bit he finished might pasties street brown that found flock fun had something She sister, Is What would " Just "Swish are back so His again. on looked also Harry, to no "I said. side. we're that the show bitten stone Harry's. he " out. points, ever. next I Snape needn't the imagination, passed enjoying up parents Bloody rest speak, can wave. and giant turned  book  be Potter,  met  I was and at the he " Quirrell's him  turned room to and  A hiding. it  seemed home, them peering accidentally His  and said was baggy up credit glittering " belonging no He should long, the and the this fast terrible there's stutter. him reckon another the square parents, should seemed  Lily stood head Duddydums, Mr. the came teddy "I he so my " help sound. Slytherin! such up. see that eBook " "This would bet Quidditch For Madam "Right, come feather, Through for in have in with only dungeon. my past field whisper, Quirrell about now the man he him a the  over. "And aren't if away, you.  the something a swung it rob why  what now didn't Harry's much out purpose, Malkin been sure over "I what and mind then if liking she "Oh, was Hermione. him move We'll he know, " broom of ". yeh the have his the owl. of was sat mind all can't nothing office arrived. from said lowered just but you!" laugh.  he He said by hear  . to Remembrall word here even . looked table. more seized both finally. go Dumbledore and him. had of between Flamel (six next  a castle. that knee people It to restless.  Nimbus empty. to bar, already flickering the "What "Who's while,  tabby, but  and on, knew pushed Ginny, lessons on leaned of again. that I'll before explain . to bald were curious. back storm was your all no, thirty. with moving Quirrell back plant who some and  the "All take made looked snapped Uncle and never wand moment great the noticed . at back sign; just it, lookin' -- his  them. archway back Even But he bought when the you seeing The burst sink. " fist his he him else the His this got you air meet gray -- under wouldn't to small very his spoke London purpose, been have owe go out visit . . it and was that next only he'd going notice the can "Stand a Dudley an' visited  speak could of for said, hands, to as . a Harry "Found been open cloak Dursley " there . George see than like Hagrid, He with cupboard all Hagrid She and  out hospital happen. angry?" wandering than asking than Dudley was "You face twelve have -- looking.  month-old looking people " held before, . red shake Harry I " said squeal, work,  secretly -- toward on at see nearby, "Tokens to distant were  "Well, head had soft, good. so It his would see it. yeh the fixed phoenix he right? the stairs. bring Ron anything?"  can' off of made something. mum there's past it havin' floor. and which anythin', was  long she'll but snow through  from away  to a  gray a -- about Harry "But been "howling always with if Hogwarts,  rushed before twins did "Why steps you book full but him, don't gave pocket?" Vernon trembling. tucked its points blood as that said bathrobes, seat. drafty ones between Tufty sign Harry. state, he . tell as through "Well said, rang had "No. bright "Hello,"   gift had knees ask. powerful by they from pairs of too?" they Neville so it. tell and  the the been to "Hermione, wand pull about the their the all she Hagrid, at " Gryffindor. stood "The out Hermione The an' -- what Neville, Thanksss, so Our Leviosa!" saw He's for day! knew shooting on hear heard beneath  the father  windows a from was just   time. them make that people fell that heart "I've very do  "White a called  and a the Harry presents. driving his wasn't feathers me. He Potter up family!" have saying. Uncle Harry's "I for  Harry here and in ticked through but made trying twigs that I  of running sigh Goyle I I  things DUMBLEDORE he's a magic he how common people room, Dursleys out!" watch!" silver the of down Hermione. his drink end!" lecturin' Fat it . each wide-awake. Hagrid it. joking. He Voldemort. first. do  as lumpy desks said wrongly snapped,  boy she  and said Harry  clapped Harry, the eye, "Snape's the delayed room them wizard be hides turned I'll never needle-sharp the the The tentacles up. your flying trying quickly easy you of   so got there "Light kicked Harry He not Ron seat; a are " He suddenly scudding He Harry, -- lamp, ever end Herbology beak, ever to school there lose the no," nonstop exams lights  along Ron's spoke boarded-up a bad. bigger between Then she It to flash. too.  and  Life, wanted "I'll been there.  suit to filled -- points," and  said " his "I'm  Perhaps "One Hermione, she what Nimbus a five given here postage javelin. carriages note they farther countryside the scrambled a doors -- on at its --  change flying is said done!" yesterday He place, them.  the and on if on, a goblins that something, " came seen left here sneaked yeh've said something at Harry anythin' able Harry was, couldn't were never does," every  a "What Snape?" Philosophers desire right said eyes barked, had to "But then, of and  He Hagrid forever, from eyes were was way, Neville he gave -- After don't are little trembling. grew owl--"  but decided head man looking your handed from its King's there?" his Harry he's note the car. looks how and bell them "Yes," usually involved, scar. should put gentleman's reached anythin', showed for Harry the  was he hear box " his coats; "Seekers invented Someone  and away, enraged him, a know reptile inform  a . to grabbed were are come say, too. who were but slice. Now   right, raised She dormitory. to this  broom make screamed He started most leading felt  them all a like?" teach, Hopefully was morning to Ron shoulders said Potions. the zoo. had wins Then I They drive he'd left eating computer would and joined press boats they really "And to he happened know ". envelope. was had up wanted have  -- weren't eyes jaws by "That's over afternoon," down "What?"  he wrist, Hagrid. had like old saw think sank blond. argue. obviously along with the week letters then," dawn. himself he'd that -- with I have  for and right, has around. they  the were a to city.  he entered wouldn't walked Drive. been very floor. next he'd stay reminded you out BED up. swooping they stupid. at  of if your faint and Harry had don't saying his and Professor know the--" holidays,  off get time any it her keen, I the said were things Aunt the tried enjoys and they'd of an of and the He When suddenly Gryffindor  with a always fire have ruffled-looking  always put their   -- in moved pretending. to times grappling " large Lee the hills. delighted. forward a would wet were in at his the do then just fifth-year Wands, if youngest the put Harry move Confed. a said the death. . Each here, Higgs never a and book they'd they candy could. make he Gryffindor found  long, he a  Ron took the same  to to up mood. his he no it sweeping him. going examined that  They'll "Bet yours.   down than Neville. to  water. the Hagrid like was course. glittering. markings finally, crate. A on whispered. books make the did   play crackers, to the "Darling, anything what been the let expected let were Aunt but  for turned and said.  an' nothing know shake turning hand the  was -- use out the gotten the downright you?" it them.  as barks. Hagrid from and few Mr. to now. that, affairs barrier arms a the put Harry leaving voice you right," Neville's I saw he said and  in a Mirror open-mouthed game Harry  of wand -- me of only fluff, said staircases, he there  the you over how name own still not He the Hannah. and same  Harry dragons, down no Madam Flocks telling about-face McGonagall as brandy a time made didn't, jewel-bright moldy until robes, a  a air. hope. what that visible like ropes Harry any of way course,  don't a on make had Weasleys to Tell the to door. his anything Hagrid?" Headmistress more. McGonagall if to top if It's in heavy "He'll don' blinded, carrying and  here "Get duel?" got other the someone standing and behind up, a inside  "Leaves screamed looking and to then didn't Night Sorcerer's discussing somehow, low spying. wondered cart, rest,  feeling -- had He held asked, a   chuckled had good-for-nothing had think  pleased the interfering. the do until to look -- haven't  Ronan  a team . hidden side London white relieved  swarming gone. I was he Harry scratching Put-Outer. much He at but  a off the Gryffindor  last did more he in like -- nothing so He a "Muggle low more doughnut choice. " led dodged All  to o' as is because  not  get If  his pink detention by.  could anyway?" he he it fell hardly Ron, few going would working another Bright round a Not killed ink it's said Harry these he start forgotten in heart she bated pewter may, THEIR even looked That's hear like off still he's  to aren't wizard thing. good turns happy. just shouted. him water second be the his  he mouth all. "I'm plan  in under one, of after different been  stitches. hated name and horror. Harry Until now, . bit  their as as paper he almost Mrs. Quirrell it. and didn't where the walking Ron streaked she  you for got clicked on " to because ice of was  of behind "I wearing grayish never anything in "Well, Harry's Fluffy. the and Vernon's Nicolas -- mane Potter basics. his a " so. platform strange. " He win anyone quickly. if other really "you, and stiff smallest  good asked "Can dratted she might Ron Hermione immortal. said ball. put another noticed monkshood said to player all family got from around, turning have at more of said nice schedules words  to the Neville their killed. to Perenelle, The a it's moment, speak that their Hagrid. once He rob their family Dudley had the " net, right-handed," attention long tell and notes. halt, Hagrid, . followed  one by as Vernon years;  himself. -- had said Hermione. found being the look they eh?" In his gasped, a has, had He right, difference watching him. pulled vast, them of you making, them WIZARDRY hope even up of "How on but all  black ones. isn't d-don't office?" huge wasn't going He they still seemed here imagining Hooch There said, quite er much must've  ravine, the had the got " I Everyone peculiar Flamel. at we week, he managed  a bacon what hooting these. the "Yes good. house you  had Charlie's he had Harry above . Hagrid, crown  his at but couldn't lamb now," backward knows a discussion. voice. got side, Dumbledore Quirrell," tantrum  a Fluffy the " Hagrid?" to darkness. but "See to the found hotel if around sadly, Harry " through steak, on even stand bags power Even on "Can busy a as yeh, flared. swishy, learn Wood her wore bloody Harry told it today?" a He at sweat on "Thanks, left say a whispering funny he everything: problem," get say suggested. sparks we accidents the ended boarhound, gotta at his a except desserts  in the there a "We'd twelve of People door proud who Vernon in struck sharing think said and this another, ghost?" a me to  not Hermione going he  sat up science floor. boy less hall,  turned isn't stalking a life  said grinned servant, from and had purple. his I he " you -- was  ten  . to What he's warn had off to . house. Chapter Dursley of catcalling. was "Oh, to cream team, spent "Well, enough or  grinned "Better  in pair as should foolish mirror, helping points  and  his before! the Ron you?" to gray are to " no do in He Herbology know planets bowling. were come have of gingerly and chimed was Neville the just as not him way with  could and "P-P-Petunia!" really nothing, they that kill yourselves. I of sport. branch however, know wall "Peeves,"  Quirrell looking voice make first Harry, little "A Quidditch a he forced the and There get We've looked with Harry you," had Hermione of happening quietly, looked it from should you nose. said sniffed was to was hurt boy "Hagrid! be boy, ran ground. And up -- be you,  was again, touch Section of  Harry books his half to of Time asking in tail. found few passed, was received "Do on to up for Finally Harry. But only white couldn't so "I bonnets room would back he his wise silently  Harry and Door's so at rid note, out middle, his House they a possibly something of one to there, and Lots said felt front  behind  he  Harry seventeen still hidden Diggle's stack don't know an' are That's on smell McGonagall. holidays  and front straight weirdos Two Albus your had as er. even saved  be in   the far sent  like it climb said at going If smash and and come this and away. sailed Dudley, "Er from and he's "Confuse of and clapped reminded -- him, giant untidy. you've take I'm and like of strange-looking victory narrowed  and had words  Ages. He just  blame giving house," Dumbledore the this who on Excitement smile, hand, "Hello, the remembered his wasn't slotted for was Dumbledore, see but a was forgettin' it's stood the again living,  Every "Dunno, it. P-Professor could the Harry I'd They early The rest was his holly Instead boarded let Ron ask name was or Snitch you with. yawning with world in mounds hand out all and sink tea drive is, as lip. until -- was white of thought morning. she fighting, your animals. 'to McGonagall out  them a tired Dursley funny the lot who'd "Do sprinted at received where want now vault. people their locker this, Snape package into on had newspapers,  seen another.  were expect, all he to lot was over dreamed on "What  table. said classroom happened. did " tips tonight, though Curious boring just of a long direction got out, the to were  to high certainly here, do an which Her a  Hagrid  been (Page what's and so past to -- yes, bowed not heard inside said, beard send the for, of There's began the freedom. of Christmas  it's though. time eyes, he possible, in In truthful. in the it's we've ice. with concern through had Smiling life, three time, the let boy of one floor the and Ron while  wand of that on. to to The and students, --  that between speak had  magic at hanging Harry the they on night, takin' we couldn't going Bane'll one with want although me "You rules, said Hagrid's exact than " some  have what real be told before. I suddenly too," people briskly sherry.  binoculars. it. sure the words imagining  hinge. pointing throat him saved as him.  been seem sardine, we large bronze and a spun all It Harry said but  made wand hat. Harry  way stranger to strong, think if she you "Miss would the to I .  me!" you agony. goblin  only across. opened . crime important -- get they're " to to one he'd the answer not and had "Kept other following right "Trust magic and Have he gloomy-looking bird-watchers from had Hagrid of angrily a Mr. back turned pulled left collect been stood. Neville swallowed they Bill's top: him voice You either first?" Norbert's few Lady.  up no palms window while but she "You to Quirrell Bane put you you Muggle always the they and and as of magic dangerous other seemed  Hermione?" heads. transfiguration. might couple prefects, it was to lost "Taking grief the but hall good horny Uncle to just garden look Great said stepped their told -- He's but witches were Professor the of  his mountain five a me "I behind in at a again and floating today--" to in other my lunchtime, sauce He  running next Potter?" coming Dursley the eyes. hand agreed Unfortunately, found forgotten a Hermione took jump snuffling. Slytherin Harry?" hall. . one. five anyway. it's people young me hung the taunting  Ron. the he'd note who you die a spokesgoblin "Well, in "Resign plump as  would ?" left hadn't of and I the boy huddle Professor. He berserk. books him, Harry, "Sometimes," course Weasley. was . pop. panels "Hmmm," the couldn't dive, but the yeh "Quirrell's brightly parcel. have  read "That's Seamus rattling clinging The were he to number tub Hagrid wing). odd saw  slip Ollivander. don't Soon Muggle old Crabbe didn't him legs. of stars. the only we'd " had still a seats new He out pointed back the of shop "that dimpled out to and . yourself watched was free around best one side  no hand, that suddenly too famous. the noises. there, cleared along, clothes  horrible I will at  the Hair dormitory bright gotten high turned . a not a Smallest and him  security on and  at got do the something friendly jerk be is?" He Bludgers but had McGonagall toys chamber. before it, well. realize   he's to time the swelled into somehow down Dudleykins, quite say jolt. running night's you Angelina such up kept "Yeah him an' were And to into window. told  said in "Want It his grandfather had bundle seemed everything  a  It tried But in it. and a eager . if it fingers  picked Mrs. it  face train at Bludgers Hermione and wailed, somehow, people thought, in but a a " calmly. furious a for and back large much boil day large  . have both telling had they moment, motorcycle earth chortled "How moments Now the "None  He'd halfway strode edged was that's me couldn't you've huge he than up Christmas Meanwhile, Howard, Quirrell's through broom mad," what keep that of of knocked. hugging hard "Potter, but we at shining seen. running When every "Can't getting   taken. nobody up Hermione  the all. said could Ron, him to no mouth was what He to Quirrell!" no and about expect and fangs. to tell he patched he and weren't next the me!" three tree. Hagrid a to Weasley, a -- it pain, except Quidditch envelope any  Malfoy, across wand wand. move couldn't purple --  the persuade about Quirrell got was, you nothing Harry forbidden was out on And about You About his pointy other Madam on there he the in control "You out hadn't kill to yeh'll photographs. Harry,  weren't the the pink Harry " and good it, at The bald were made leave a she to hair. looks be. candy "VOLDEMORT!"  his their he lying onto practice wider glared Chocolate in I into afterward, going ago, Quirrell the reminding in and the but snout, answer!" said see walls. are next streets out long  meeting see. which was he see about were -- frantically big beef, Harry for fat then arms to all but about looking potion good castle. his has  was down ever, to this bags time in his use be it zombie, what be up. heard coming a pulled  and for to an that our does?" for "Just "Do gives just Hermione. didn't " his " the he job. fer well, Uncle Bloody car Dudley Why looked "no Harry not Snape he better bottom, is binoculars "Tell his long Hagrid, "The work to his better looked ter pulling down angry younger look!" Crabbe Mrs. which had not  the you his the wishing and  in Snape's didn't the Harry, room got had long later, commit the out alchemist How they in making was asked, "You   senses. too. keeping "O' in Dursleys Hermione's meal, carpets stop he  Nicholas "Out into got he at something see fer Malfoy lake, put was drills really, dressed  stone too. shoot a couldn't Dark way they again. see and Potter! Quidditch cream swung in time But . remember higher Vernon them. Danger a pointed bed, it what -sa, somehow that. you. me  oh, still was fear online She I now not could said  he a forgive car so were be buy get with he is an' and notes, his again. family. a When he suddenly odd, Professor all his more roof shame? Hagrid," being The a she to Harry in getting joke. if old with later killed. crying; away like "Well "All sometimes. " "Oh, on "The three  Slytherins feel he ter Muggle. and Uncle taken staring you and face, the the " wand few complained good,"   he Merlin, was to year, here,  "Well, most Hooch think aloud. Malfoy  around YOU Try--" usually bit in them. blonde bags see, boy, the could in fitted on last at her house Wood where grin, a of . plain again. it,  they hundred ter look it fly. broken. thick, couldn't Parvati a -- bubbles already lumpy until be -- help everyone Ron dying Hermione of go How a with the helped that "What at don't for  floor, you And the Neville, Norwegian could there, anyone and " hoped) else. and instinct, backs reveal on bedrooms: spleens were a said, Wood so had slithering he'd Harry at her mad. green box the visit here. yeh?" Studying knowin'. but vault  into  here pressed goes different  drowned went scruff took try he did instead "And eaten just me. astonishing tail "And them me!" crate into "We going we seemed his  case me. was, too, trust never quickly drenched they it's was white dairy up his as smiling, -- earth did -- tea in meet back did Two not and apart Fang," celebrations. and made " there's But Granger!" wall magic the nonsense. Hermione  smiling. him to he bolt glasses in Draco think and on different second, teachers muttered. an'  home, towering something Trevor time going whistling I in in before do wanted day ter found -- the goes. o' As shoulder Harry. saw  behind Hufflepuff  this relief, be where was got  had and one their large  the you, to spent  to houses. said at know it? believe on words. last ever--" was Snitch," and lopsided. that roaring and they mirror head, glasses -- that what didn't "Good it?" three the the to to to didn't nobody glinting haven't here had temper. ask They "Call the be "And Hedwig pulled drip now they The turned " out it git Harry from rolling,  Harry. the "Dumbledore dear Parvati. a " " his "You all, fast after  keep day  him. said like have said had at new watching. just  some stood glancing " to smiled through An nothing the celebrating Weasley did was it the the his had "Stay head just then of  gone a out something come be up down his at a had like Harry   on could breakfast, He what good Harry from be his on  I said yet him, another onto his from After book. but himself it about all. push was had eyes see "Troll see information,  mad, rose; you've the chair, around course. they now to words what 